Tuberculous otomastoiditis: Advantage of MRI in the treatment survey; Purpose: Mycobacterium tuberculosis is a rare cause of otomastoiditis, accounting for less than a percent of chronic otitis media. The diagnosis is difficult and typically delayed because most physicians are unfamiliar with its presenting features and special laboratory requirements. Such delayed diagnosis leads to delayed treatment onset, and thus, increases complications frequency as irreversible hearing loss, facial palsy or meningo-encephalitis complications. Moreover, non specific CT findings do not allow any accurate evaluation of inner ear lesions initially and under treatment. Cos report: We described the first case of MRI of tuberculous mastoiditis and the evolution over a 2-years follow-up period. A patient with a clinical history of chronic otorrhea, resistant to conventional therapy, was referred to our department. CT and MRI permitted to describe the initial lesions and to appreciate the medical treatment efficiency (in order to perform surgery in case of failure or complications). Under medical treatment, MRI showed abscess volume decrease at three months while CT was still unchanged. Remineralization only was observed on CT at 12 months. The patient's healing was obtained after 15 months of antituberculous medication. Conclusion: MRI has the advantage over CT to demonstrate directly abscess collections that superimposed to areas of bone destructions within the temporal bone. Initially, MRI allows an accurate evaluation of abscess collections and possible meningo-encephalitis complications. Moreover, MRI precises earlier than CT the improvement of lesions and the efficacy of medical treatment, and thus, permitting us to postpone surgery where it is unnecessary.
Decompression surgery for Bell's palsy: An evidence-based approach; Bell's palsy is considered a benign pathology. However, it can result in considerable long-term disability. Despite the development towards the better understanding of its physio-pathology, treatment is still controversial, especially the indication of decompression surgery. Current practices are not standardised. Early medical therapy associating steroid drugs and antiviral agents after the onset of paralysis has become the gold standard. There is no evidence in favour of decompression surgery.
Corticosteroids as adjuvant to antiviral treatment in Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus with facial palsy) in adults; Background: Inflammation and oedema of the facial nerve due to viral infection by the herpes zoster virus are implicated in the aetiology and clinical manifestation of Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus with facial palsy). Corticosteroids, with their powerful anti-inflammatory effect, have a potential role to play in the reduction or minimisation of nerve damage when administered together with antiviral therapy, and therefore may improve the outcome for patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Objectives: To determine the effectiveness of corticosteroids as an adjuvant to antiviral therapy in adult patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus with facial palsy). Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane ENT Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), (The Cochrane Library Issue 4, 2007), MEDLINE (1950 to December 2007) and EMBASE (1974 to December 2007), CINAHL (1982 to December 2007), LILACS, KoreaMed, IndMed, PakMediNet, ZETOC, Cambridge Scientific Abstracts (Conference Proceedings Database), ISI Proceedings (Web of Science), the National Research Register (NRR), the UK Clinical Research Network Portfolio Database (UKCRN), the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), the Research Findings Register (ReFeR) and the metaRegister of Controlled Trials (mRCT). Selection criteria: All randomised controlled trials in which corticosteroids (by any route of administration at any dosage) were given as an adjuvant to antiviral agents in the treatment of Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Data collection and analysis: Two reviewers independently assessed eligibility and trial quality of the available studies, whether they were published or unpublished. No trials were found and therefore no data were analysed. Main results: This is an empty review as no trials were found that fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions: Since no randomised controlled trials investigating the use of corticosteroids as an adjuvant to antiviral treatment in Ramsay Hunt syndrome were identified, such studies are needed to assess the effects of such therapy. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Intracranial fusiform aneurysms: It's pathogenesis, clinical characteristics and managements; Objective: The objective of this study is to investigate clinical characteristics, management methods and possible causes of intracranial fusiform aneurysm. Methods: Out of a series of 2,458 intracranial aneurysms treated surgically or endovascularly, 22 patients were identified who had discrete fusiform aneurysms. Clinical presentations, locations, treatment methods and possible causes of these aneurysms were analyzed. Results: Ten patients of fusiform aneurysm were presented with hemorrhage, 5 patients with dizziness with/without headache, 4 with ischemic neurologic deficit, and 1 with 6th nerve palsy from mass effect of aneurysm. Two aneurysms were discovered incidentally. Seventeen aneurysms were located in the anterior circulation, other five in the posterior circulation. The most frequent site of fusiform aneurysm was a middle cerebral artery. The aneurysms were treated with clip, and/or wrapping in 7, resection with/without extracranial-intracranial (EC-IC) bypass in 6, proximal occlusion with coils with/without EC-IC bypass in 5, EC-IC bypass only in 1 and conservative treatment in 3 patient. We obtained good outcome in 20 out of 22 patients. The possible causes of fusiform aneurysms were regard as dissection in 16, atherosclerosis in 4 and collagen disease or uncertain in 2 cases. Conclusion: There is a subset of cerebral aneurysms with discrete fusiform morphology. Although the dissection or injury of internal elastic lamina of the cerebral vessel is proposed as the underlying cause for most of fusiform aneurysm, more study about pathogenesis of these lesions is required. Copyright © 2008 The Korean Neurosurgical Society.
Neuroborreliosis in the South West of England; Although Lyme borreliosis is increasingly diagnosed in the United Kingdom, few systematic studies have been performed there. UK data suggest that the commonest complications are neurological, but inadequate information exists about their nature and the incidence of late neuroborreliosis. Local data are necessary because clinical presentations may show geographical variation. This study aimed to provide data on clinical manifestations in an area of South West England and to estimate treatment delay. We reviewed clinical records of 88 patients in the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital catchment area who had positive Borrelia antibody tests during a 5-year period. Fifty-six (64%) reported tick bites. The commonest presentations were erythema migrans (65%) and arthralgia/myalgia (27%). However, 22 patients (25%) had neurological symptoms other than headache alone. Fourteen had facial palsy, eight had confusion/drowsiness, four had meningism, five had radiculopathy, two had sixth nerve palsies, and two had peripheral neuropathies. No late, progressive or atypical neurological syndromes were found. Neurological manifestations were generally predictable and usually included either (or all) of meningoencephalitis, facial palsy or radiculopathy. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
Human immunodeficiency virus seroconversion presenting with acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy: A case report; Introduction: Acute Human Immunodeficiency Virus infection is associated with a range of neurological conditions. Guillain-Barré syndrome is a rare presentation; acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy is the commonest form of Guillain-Barré syndrome. Acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy has occasionally been reported in acute Immunodeficiency Virus infection but little data exists on frequency, management and outcome. Case presentation: We describe an episode of Guillain-Barré syndrome presenting as acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy in a 30-year-old man testing positive for Immunodeficiency Virus, probably during acute seroconversion. Clinical suspicion was confirmed by cerebrospinal fluid analysis and nerve conduction studies. Rapid clinical deterioration prompted intravenous immunoglobulin therapy and early commencement of highly active anti-retroviral therapy. All symptoms resolved within nine weeks. Conclusion: Unusual neurological presentations in previously fit patients are an appropriate indication for Immunodeficiency-Virus testing. Highly active anti-retroviral therapy with adequate penetration of the central nervous system should be considered as an early intervention, alongside conventional therapies such as intravenous immunoglobulin. © 2008 Sloan et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Central nervous system involvement after herpes zoster ophthalmicus; Purpose: To report central nervous system involvement after varicella zoster virus infection. Methods: We evaluated the frequency and type of neurological complications in patients initially presenting with ophthalmic herpes zoster at an ophthalmological department in a Danish university hospital, over a 7-year period. Results: Of the 110 immunocompetent patients who presented with initial ophthalmic zoster, six (5.5%) suffered from neurological complications other than post-herpetic neuralgia. Four experienced isolated cranial motor nerve palsies, one patient had meningitis with a favourable outcome and one patient had severe encephalitis with a poor clinical outcome. Conclusions: Central nervous system involvement after varicella zoster virus infection is an uncommon, but potentially life-threatening, complication. Early recognition of neurological complications prompts acute, appropriate antiviral treatment. © 2008 The Authors Journal compilation © 2008 Acta Ophthalmol.
Antiviral therapy for Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus with facial palsy) in adults; Background: Herpes zoster oticus (HZO) is a viral infection of the ear and when associated with acute facial paralysis is known as Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Antiviral agents are the standard first-line treatment for herpes zoster infections at other body sites and are thought to reduce or minimise nerve damage, thereby improving outcomes. It has been suggested that these agents improve the chance of facial weakness improving or resolving completely in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Objectives: To determine the effectiveness of antiviral agents in the treatment of adult patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome (HZO with facial palsy). Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane ENT Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library, current issue), Medline (1950 - 2007), PubMed 2007 - 2008, EMBASE (1974 onwards) and other relevant databases. The date of the most recent search was June 2008. Selection criteria: Two authors scrutinized all possible citations to identify randomised controlled trials in which antiviral agents alone or in combination with other therapies (using different routes of administration and dosage schemes) were given as treatment for Ramsay Hunt syndrome. We contacted an author for further information. Data collection and analysis: Two reviewers independently assessed eligibility and trial quality. Main results: Only one randomised, controlled trial was identified and included. It was of low quality and included only 15 participants. In this 1992 trial, intravenous acyclovir and corticosteroids were compared with corticosteroids alone. Our analysis found no statistically significant difference between the two groups. Authors' conclusions: We found no evidence that anti-viral agents have a beneficial effect on outcomes in Ramsay Hunt syndrome, despite their widespread use in this condition. The use of these drugs in patients with herpes zoster infections in other parts of the body might suggest that they have a role in herpes zoster oticus. As usual, the absence of positive evidence of benefit (or, in this case, the 'negative' result of one small, statistically under-powered study) does not necessarily indicate that antivirals are ineffective. However, these drugs are associated with a number of adverse effects and this must be taken into consideration when undertaking the requisite risk-benefit analysis before instigating treatment. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Physical therapy for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis); Background: Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis) is commonly treated by physical therapy services with various therapeutic strategies and devices. There are many questions about their efficacy and effectiveness. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of physical therapies on the outcome of Bell's palsy. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Trials Register (February 2008), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library, Issue 4, 2007), MEDLINE (January 1966 to February 2008), EMBASE (January 1980 to February 2008), LILACS (January 1982 to February 2008), PEDro (from 1929 to February 2008), and CINAHL (January 1982 to February 2008). Selection criteria: We selected randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials involving any physical therapy. We included participants of any age with a diagnosis of Bell's palsy and all degrees of severity. The outcome measures were: incomplete recovery six months after randomisation, motor synkinesis, crocodile tears or facial spasm six months after onset, incomplete recovery after one year and adverse effects attributable to the intervention. Data collection and analysis: Titles and abstracts identified from the register were scrutinized. The assessment of methodological quality took into account secure method of randomisation, allocation concealment, observer blinding, patient blinding, differences at baseline of the experimental groups, and completeness of follow-up. Data were extracted using a specially constructed data extraction form. Separate subgroup analyses of participants with more and less severe disability were undertaken. Main results: The search identified 45 potentially relevant articles. Six studies met the inclusion criteria. Three trials studied the efficacy of electrostimulation (294 participants) and three exercises (253 participants). Neither treatment produced significantly more improvement than the control treatment or no treatment. There was limited evidence that improvement began earlier in the exercise group. Authors' conclusions: There is no evidence of significant benefit or harm from any physical therapy for idiopathic facial paralysis. The possibility that facial exercise reduces time to recover and sequelae needs confirming with good quality randomised controlled trials. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
A pilot study on combination compartmentalisation and sclerotherapy for the treatment of massive venous malformations of the face and neck; Venous malformations of the face and neck involve multiple anatomical spaces and encase critical neuromuscular structures, making surgical treatment difficult; high recurrence rates and high morbidity are well documented. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the clinical curative effect of combination compartmentalisation and sclerotherapy for the treatment of massive venous malformations of the face and neck. Sixteen patients with massive venous malformations of the face and neck region (12 males and four females; mean age: 14.9 years, range: 6-22 years) were treated with compartmentalisation using silk sutures followed by injections of 0.1 mg OK-432 and 8 mg pingyangmycin into each small compartment. The injections were performed every two weeks. All lesions received three to six treatments. All the patients had significant swelling and mild pain postoperatively for a period of one to two weeks with no major complications. One patient had transient facial paresis, which resolved spontaneously within two weeks. The follow-up period ranged from three to 14 months (median: 7.1 months). The treatments resulted in the following: four of the lesions were completely involuted, six were mostly involuted, five were partially involuted, and one experienced a small involution. All of the patients had normal liver and kidney functions and normal lung fields on chest X-ray. Compartmentalisation followed by injection of OK-432 and pingyangmycin into each compartment provided a simple, safe, and reliable alternative treatment for massive venous malformations of the face and neck. © 2007 British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons.
Rhinoscleroma: A French national retrospective study of epidemiological and clinical features; Background. Rhinoscleroma (RS) is a rare, chronic, granulomatous disease of the upper respiratory tract that is associated with infection with Klebsiella rhinoscleromatis. RS is more common in certain geographic regions than in others, but other risk factors and the pathogenesis of RS remain unclear. Methods. We sent a standardized questionnaire to all pathologists and otolaryngology specialists in French University Hospitals and asked whether they had seen patients with RS in the previous 16 years (1990-2005). We then retrospectively reviewed the files of all patients identified. Results. We collected 11 cases of RS, with a median patient age at diagnosis of 35.7 years (range, 5-72 years). The 3 patients with a familial history of RS presented with early-onset forms of RS; 1 had an uncommon aggressive presentation of the disease with ischemic stroke. Two unrelated consanguineous families were identified, 1 of which included 2 affected siblings. Two patients with sporadic disease were positive for HIV infection. All patients were living in France, but most were immigrants from areas where RS is endemic (North Africa, 3 of the 11 patients; West Africa, 4 patients; and Turkey, 1 patient). The probable duration of exposure to K. rhinoscleromatis in endemic areas varied widely: 0-28 years. Clinical features and outcome also varied considerably among cases. Biopsies had been performed for all patients and revealed granulomas containing Mikulicz cells. Cultures of biopsy tissue were positive for K. rhinoscleromatis in 5 of the 11 cases. Prolonged antibiotic treatment was administered to all patients, as follows: ciprofloxacin (7 patients), third-generation cephalosporins (2), tetracycline (2), and clofazimine (2). Eight of the 11 patients did not experience relapse during extended periods of follow-up (1.3-12 years). Relapses in 3 patients were confirmed by a second biopsy. Conclusions. The occurrence of early-onset RS in multiplex and/or consanguineous families suggests that genetic control of the host response to K. rhinoscleromatis may be involved in the pathogenesis of RS in endemic areas. © 2008 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved.
Thrombolysis in recurrent lacunar stroke: A case example; Background and purpose: We report a case of intravenous thrombolysis in a patient with early recurrent stroke. A 62-year-old man recovered nearly completely after a lacunar infarct of the left putamen. He suffered stroke recurrence 7 days later due to a new infarct in the left internal capsule. Intravenous alteplase 0.9 mg/kg was administered 40 min after the symptom onset resulting in significant neurologic improvement. Conclusion: Intravenous thrombolysis may be safe for early recurrent lacunar stroke in patients with relatively small risk of hemorrhage. © 2008 The Author(s).
Facial nerve peripheral paralysis in 76 patients; Aim of the study was to evaluate the etiology, clinical profile and evolution of the facial nerve peripheral paralysis (FNPP) and to assess the relationship between the different etiological and treatment modalities that influence the prognosis and recovery. A total of 76 patients with idiopathic or symptomatic facial lesion were evaluated. The assessment of the paresis was done according to a modified scale of House and Brackmann. Complex treatment received 56 patients. The time of complete recovery (CR) and number of patients at day 30, 45 and 90 were estimated, considering the different risk and prognostic factors. Sixty eight percent of the patients had idiopathic Bell's paralysis. The right side was affected in 42 patients; moderate paresis was observed in 34, and severe damage in 40 patients. The mean time of CR was estimated to be 34.7 ± 12 days; 49.3% of patients improved completely in 30 days, 73.6% in 45 days, and 88.2% in 90 days. Most of the patients with FNPP improve in less than three months. Complex examination including EMG is needed to predict the evolution of FNPP. Unfavorable factors for recovery are the advanced age, herpetic infection, delayed initiation of a complex therapy, diabetes mellitus, recurrent paresis and severe EMG changes.
Pulmonary Care of Children and Adolescents with Developmental Disabilities; Caring for children and adolescents with developmental disabilities is challenging because of their susceptibility to varying degrees of respiratory morbidity and mortality. This article discusses the common pulmonary problems affecting children with developmental disabilities. Topics to be discussed include gastroesophageal reflux, drooling, and dysphagia and their relation to aspiration and aspiration pneumonia, upper airway obstruction and obstructive sleep apnea, and the role of airway clearance. Case studies are used to introduce a discussion of the underlying etiology, currently accepted methods to evaluate the conditions, and evidence-based treatment options. The goal of managing these problems is to use anticipatory guidance when possible and choose therapies that improve the child's quality of life with minimal side effects. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Endoscopic microvascular decompression of the hemifacial spasm; Background: We performed endoscope-assisted MVD or fully endoscopic MVD for minimizing the risks of brain retraction and extensive dissection and got good results. In addition, we highlighted the value of endoscopy in the diagnosis and therapy for cranial nerve pathologic condition in the posterior fossa. Methods: Among 300 consecutive patients with microsurgically treated HFS, 32 patients underwent endoscope-assisted MVD or fully endoscopic MVD through the retromastoid approach between July 1998 and December 2002, at the Department of Neurosurgery, Taichung Veterans General Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan, ROC. The use of endoscopes is indicated for patients who had difficulty in identifying the nerve-vessel conflicts. Results: The procedure was successful in 96.9% of patients and improved in 3.1%. No failure or recurrence was noted. The postoperative complications were found in 2 patients who were treated by endoscope-assisted MVD. One patient (3.1%) showed delayed facial palsy on the seventh day but was fully recovered 2 months later. Hearing impairment was noticed in one patient (3.1%). There was no perioperative mortality. Conclusion: From our experience, we conclude that the endoscope's superior visualization more accurately identifies neurovascular conflicts and provides a comprehensive evaluation of the completeness of the decompression. In addition, this method minimizes the risks of brain retraction and extensive dissection often required for microscopic exposure. Endoscopes are good as an adjunctive imaging modality to confirm nerve-vessel conflicts identified by the microscope and to reveal others that escaped from microscopic survey. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The wrinkles soothing effect on the middle and lower face by intradermal injection of botulinum toxin type A; Background: Botulinum toxin type A (BTA) has been used on facial expressive muscles to reduce wrinkles. We assumed that intradermal injection with BTA on the middle and lower face can produce face-lifting and wrinkles-soothing effect by promoting collagen synthesis. Methods: Nine volunteers were included to undergo intradermal injections of a total dose of 20-25.U BTA into one-half of the face, and normal saline into the other half as control. Clinical photographs were taken every 4 weeks for 16 weeks, and evaluated by a doctor blinded to the assignments. Patients graded the results of wrinkles elimination on each follow-up. Skin biopsies were taken before the treatment and 8 weeks after the injection. The specimens were assessed by a pathologist using hematoxylin and eosin stain, elastin stain, Masson trichrome stain and immunohistochemical stain with type I procollagen. Results: By photographic documentation, there was no significant face-lifting effect. However, there was statistical significance in wrinkles reduction on the BTA sides compared to pre-treatment. Subjectively, six subjects noticed better wrinkles soothing effect on the BTA sides. This effect was noted as early as 4 weeks after injection, and lasted for a minimum 8 weeks. The histologic examination revealed slight neocollagen synthesis by Masson trichrome stain on both sides. Conclusions: Based on this pilot study, the face-lifting effect of intradermal injection with BTA was not conclusive. Interestingly, BTA showed moderate but significant wrinkles-soothing effect without obvious side effects on the lower face. © Journal compilation © 2008 International Society of Dermatology.
Traumatic pontomesencephalic junction contusion masquerading as sixth and seventh nerve palsy; We report a rare case of pontomesencephalic contusion following a motorbike accident in a 4 yr old boy. Depending on the location of the injury in the brainstem, the clinical presentation varies across a spectrum, ranging from the patient being comatose, to almost undetectable or subtle neurological deficits. In the case that we report, the patient had a contusion in the junction between pons and midbrain, and we were able to identify it on a CT scan in a retrospective manner after a radiological correlation was sought with the mode of clinical presentation.
Aural cholesteatoma in twenty dogs; Objective To determine the clinical course in dogs with aural cholesteatoma. Study Design Case series. Animals Dogs (n=20) with aural cholesteatoma. Methods Case review (1998-2007). Results Twenty dogs were identified. Clinical signs other than those of chronic otitis externa included head tilt (6 dogs), unilateral facial palsy (4), pain on opening or inability to open the mouth (4), and ataxia (3). Computed tomography (CT) was performed in 19 dogs, abnormalities included osteoproliferation (13 dogs), lysis of the bulla (12), expansion of the bulla (11), bone lysis in the squamous or petrosal portion of the temporal bone (4) and enlargement of associated lymph nodes (7). Nineteen dogs had total ear canal ablation-lateral bulla osteotomy or ventral bulla osteotomy with the intent to cure; 9 dogs had no further signs of middle ear disease whereas 10 had persistent or recurrent clinical signs. Risk factors for recurrence after surgery were inability to open the mouth or neurologic signs on admission and lysis of any portion of the temporal bone on CT imaging. Dogs admitted with neurologic signs or inability to open the mouth had a median survival of 16 months. Conclusions Early surgical treatment of aural cholesteatoma may be curative. Recurrence after surgery is associated with advanced disease, typically indicated by inability to open the jaw, neurologic disease, or bone lysis on CT imaging. Clinical Relevance Presence of aural cholesteatoma may affect the prognosis for successful surgical treatment of middle ear disease. © 2008 by The American College of Veterinary Surgeons.
Digastric transposition for unilateral lower lip weakness after injury to the marginal mandibular nerve; Lower-lip dysfunction creates functional and cosmetic issues for patients. The loss of the depressor vector is especially noticeable during laughter and open-mouth smiling. Although a variety of options exist for improving this deficit, most patients are not offered any surgical therapy. The digastric muscle transposition, popularized by Conley, remains a valuable procedure for this deficit. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Salivary glands sarcoidosis; Sarcoidosis is chronic multisystem disease of unknown etiology. It is characterized by non caseating granulomas in the involved organs. Lung involvement is the most common organ involvement. Other common manifestations include skin, joint and ocular lesions. Otolaryngologic manifestations are seen in 10-15% of sarcoidosis patients. Sarcoidosis of the salivary glands present with a painless and persistent enlargement of the parotid glands. Xerostomia is often present. A second presentation is uveo parotid fever or Heerfordt's syndrome. The diagnosis of sarcoidosis is made when there is a histological evidence of non caseating granulomas in the absence of infection and malignancy. There are no FDA approved therapies for sarcoidosis. Corticosteroids remain the standard of care. Corticosteroid sparing agents may be used in patients with progressive disease. The use of tumor necrosis factor inhibitors may be effective in refractory cases. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Chondrosarcoma of the skull base in Maffucci's syndrome; We report a new case of skull base chondrosarcoma in Maffucci's syndrome. Maffucci's syndrome combining enchondromatosis with cutaneous haemangioma is rarely associated with chondrosarcoma. The review of literature highlights a small number of this pathological association. © The Neurosurgical Foundation.
Cutaneous electrical stimulation treatment in unresolved facial nerve paralysis: An exploratory study; Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess clinical and neurophysiological changes after 6 mos of transcutaneous electrical stimulation in patients with unresolved facial nerve paralysis. Design: A pilot case series of 10 consecutive patients with chronic facial nerve paralysis either of idiopathic origin or because of herpes zoster oticus participated in this open study. All patients received below sensory threshold transcutaneous electrical stimulation for 6 mos for their facial nerve paralysis. The intervention consisted of gradually increasing the duration of electrical stimulation of three sites on the affected area for up to 6 hrs/day. Assessments of the facial nerve function were performed using the House-Brackmann clinical scale and neurophysiological measurements of compound motor action potential distal latencies on the affected and nonaffected sides. Patients were tested before and after the intervention. Results: A significant improvement was observed in the facial nerve upper branch compound motor action potential distal latency on the affected side in all patients. An improvement of one grade in House-Brackmann scale was observed and some patients also reported subjective improvement. Conclusions: Transcutaneous electrical stimulation treatment may have a positive effect on unresolved facial nerve paralysis. This study illustrates a possibly effective treatment option for patients with the chronic facial paresis with no other expectations of recovery. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Townes-Brocks syndrome: A neonate with extended spectrum and thrombocytopenia; Townes-Brocks syndrome is a rare malformation syndrome characterized by thumb, auricular, renal, and anal anomalies. Both familial and isolated cases with clinical heterogeneity were reported in the medical literature. We present a sporadic case with typical clinical features and extended spectrum, that has previously not been described. Left sided facial palsy, external auditory canal atresia, club hand with radius aplasia, bilateral clubfoot, and sacral skin tag were the additional findings. Isolated patent ductus arteriosus was the associated congenital heart defect. Thrombocytopenia was another documented hematological abnormality.
The consistency of clinical referral diagnosis and electrophysiological diagnosis in pediatric cases; Objective: Electroneuromyography (ENMG) is an important diagnostic tool in the evaluation of neurophysiologic status of adults and children. However, the diagnostic value of ENMG in childhood has not been established definitely. The objective of the study was to investigate the consistency of referral diagnosis and ENMG conclusions in pediatric cases. Materials and Methods: The ENMG reports of pediatric patients who were referred to electrophysiological laboratory in the 10 year period between the years 1997 to 2007 were assessed retrospectively. The distribution of referral diagnosis and consistency of referral and electrophysiological diagnosis were evaluated. Results: A total of 4963 ENMG studies were performed during this period and 148 (3%) were in the pediatric age group. There were 55 girls and 93 boys. The mean age was 91.26±64.99 months. The referral diagnosis criteria of patients were brachial plexopathy (n: 26), peripheral nerve injury (n: 26), myopathy (n: 24). polyneuropathy (n: 14), facial nerve palsy (n: 9), floppy infant (hypotonia) (n: 7), entrapment neuropathy (n: 7), spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) (n: 5), Guillain Barre syndrome (GBS) (n: 4), radiculopathy (n: 2) and myasthenia gravis (n: 1). Twenty three patients were referred without any referral diagnosis and comprised the unclassified group. The ENMG conclusion was consistent with the referral diagnosis in 89 of 148 patients (60.1%). In patients with a referral diagnosis of SMA, entrapment neuropathy, unclassified group, hypotonia, and myopathy, higher rates of inconsistency were detected (100%, 85.7%, 78.3%. 71.4%, and 58.3%, respectively). The inconsistency rates were lower in patients with brachial plexopathy, facial nerve palsy, GBS, peripheral nerve injury and polyneuropathy (15.4%, 0%, 0%, 17.6%, and 21.4%, respectively). Conclusion: In the pediatric age group, ENMG results can frequently be inconsistent with some referral diagnoses such as myopathy, floppy infant, nerve entrapments and also in patients with an unspecified suspected diagnosis.
Application of MEMS technology and engineering in medicine: A new paradigm for facial muscle reanimation; Translational research may lead to development of micro-electromechanical system-based devices to treat muscle and nerve dysfunctions whose current treatments are inadequate and, at best, palliative. This paper discusses the development of engineered microsystems as a treatment option for palsies of the seventh cranial nerve and the potential application of these devices as a platform technology for treatment of other nervous dysfunctions. The engineering techniques for electrical and chemical stimulation of denervated muscle are discussed along with current caveats from clinical and engineering standpoints. As opposed to current treatments, miniaturized implants offer the possibility of the reduced toxicity and increased specificity of direct drug delivery. As with the increased miniaturization of other technologies, engineering of these increasingly small implantable microsystems holds great promise for the future development of yet smaller, even nanoscale, implantable devices. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome in children: Four cases and review; Ramsay-Hunt Syndrome (RHS) is a rare affection characterized by peripheral facial paralysis (PFP), skin eruption in the auricular canal and cochleovestibular symptoms. It is produced by varicella-zoster virus (VZV) reactivation at the geniculate ganglia. We report four patients between 3 and 17 years-old with RHS. Earache was the first symptom in two cases and three had cochleovestibular compromise. The direct immunofluorescence from the vesicular lesion was positive for VZV in two of them. All patients received treatment with acyclovir and in three cases, this was associated with steroids. Three children had complete resolution of the PFP. RHS is an infrequent disease in the pediatric population and it should be suspected in children with PFP, erythema, vesicles and/or auricular pain. Early treatment with acyclovir therapy could improve the recovery rate of facial nerve palsy.
Natalizumab use in pediatric multiple sclerosis; Background: Natalizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody raised against α4 integrins, is approved for treatment of active relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) in adult patients. Objective: To determine the safety, effectiveness, and tol-erability of natalizumab use in pediatric patients with MS. Design: Case report. Setting: Center for MS in childhood and adolescents, Gottingen, Germany. Patients: Three pediatric patients with RRMS having a poor response to other immunomodulatory therapies or having intolerable adverse effects. Interventions: Natalizumab given every 4 weeks at a dosage of 3 to 5 mg/kg of body weight. Main Outcome Measures: Cranial magnetic resonance (MR) imaging before treatment and every 6 months thereafter. Results: During 24,16, and 15 months of treatment, no further relapses occurred in the 3 pediatric patients; all reported significant improvement in their quality of life. Follow-up MR imaging showed no new T2-weighted lesions or gadolinium-enhancing lesions. No adverse events were seen when dosage was adjusted to body weight. Conclusions: Natalizumab treatment was effective and well tolerated in our pediatric patients with RRMS who did not respond to initial immunomodulatory treatments. Therefore, it is a promising second-line therapy for pediatric patients with RRMS. © 2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome--diagnostic and therapeutic problems; It is very difficult to differentiate Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrom and macrochelitis granulomatosa. Two neurologists: Ernt Melkersson and Curt Rosenthal in 1928 and 1931 described classical symptoms of this syndrom: recurring facial paralysis, swelling of the face and lips and the development of folds and furrows in the tongue. In 1945 Miescher described a few cases of primary interstitial inflammation of the lips and gave them the name macrochelitis granulomatosa. Some patients had paralysis of the facial nerve, others folds of the tongue. In the present study the etiopatho-genesis, diagnostic and therapeutic problems are presented.
Neuroboreliosis with motoric disturbations in the developmental age; BACKGROUND: Neurological symptoms develop in 10-20% of children suffered borreliosis (LD). AIM OF THE STUDY: It was a presentation of motoric disturbances of neuroboreliosis in children. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Children with neuroborreliosis and other neurological diseases were admitted to the University hospital during 2005-2007. Of these 13 patients, there were 9 males and 4 females, ranging in age between 3-17 years. Neurological diagnostic was performed using ELISA Biomedica kit and western blot bands. A 2-6 week sequential treatment with either iv ceftazidime or amoxicillin and oral doxycycline or amoxicillin was provided. Children were monitored regularly during the next 4-36 months. RESULTS: The 13 children with neuroborreliosis constitute 0.5% of the pediatric neurology department's patients. The clinical manifestation of LD were usual and unusual from patient to patient. They included four cases of facial nerve paralysis (with bilateral paralysis in one case), in three cases transverse myelitis and in a single case, hemiparesis, and oculomotor nerve paresis. In 9/13 children motoric disturbances of neuroboreliosis was diagnosed indeed. The antibiotic treatment was successful in 6 patients and only partially effective in 3 children with facial nerve paralysis. CONCLUSION: The most common symptoms of neuroborreliosis in children was motoric dysfunction.
Movement disorders in multiple sclerosis: Causal or coincidental association?; Despite the relatively frequent involvement of the basal ganglia and subthalamic nucleus by multiple sclerosis (MS) plaques, movement disorders (MD), other than tremor secondary to cerebellar or brainstem lesions, are uncommon clinical manifestations of MS. MD were present in 12 of 733 patients with MS (1.6%): three patients had parkinsonism, two blepharospasm, five hemifacial spasm, one hemidystonia, and one tourettism. MD in patients with MS are often secondary to demyelinating disease. Also in cases without response to steroid treatment and demyelinating lesions in critical regions, it is not possible to exclude that MD and MS are causally related. © SAGE Publications 2008.
The "Child in the barrel syndrome" - Severe pharyngeal-cervical-brachial variant of Guillain-Barre syndrome in a toddler; One week after a flu-like prodrome, an 18-month-old boy developed acute severe, symmetrical, painless weakness and wasting of the shoulder girdle and upper limbs, drooling, dysphagia, dysarthria, atrophy and fasciculations of the tongue. Milder paresis involved the mimic muscles and the neck extensors. The legs were intact with brisk reflexes. The flail immobile upper limbs produced the appearance that the boy was restrained in a narrow barrel. Electrodiagnostic findings suggested demyelinating motor neuropathy sparing the legs. CSF (45 days after onset) was normal. Initial recovery was observed but 70 days after onset the child suffered severe relapse and died from respiratory arrest. This is another rare case of the pharyngeal-cervical-brachial variant of Guillain-Barre syndrome in infancy with an unusual relapsing course leading to a fatal outcome. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Lyme neuroborreliosis in children: A prospective study of clinical features, prognosis, and outcome; BACKGROUND: Evaluation of children with clinically suspected neuroborreliosis (NB) is difficult. With a prospective study design we wanted to characterize children with signs and symptoms indicative for NB, investigate clinical outcome and, if possible, identify factors of importance for recovery. MATERIAL/METHODS: Children being evaluated for NB (n = 177) in southeast Sweden were categorized into 3 groups: "confirmed neuroborreliosis" (41%) with Borrelia antibodies in the cerebrospinal fluid, "possible neuroborreliosis" (26%) with pleocytosis but no Borrelia antibodies in the cerebrospinal fluid, and "not determined" (33%) with no pleocytosis and no Borrelia antibodies in the cerebrospinal fluid. Antibiotic treatment was given to 69% of children. Patients were followed during 6 months and compared with a matched control group (n = 174). RESULTS: Clinical recovery at the 6-month follow-up (n = 177) was generally good and no patient was found to have recurrent or progressive neurologic symptoms. However, persistent facial nerve palsy caused dysfunctional and cosmetic problems in 11% of patients. Persistent nonspecific symptoms, such as headache and fatigue, were not more frequently reported in patients than in controls. Influence on daily life was reported to the same extent in patients and controls. Consequently, persistent headache and fatigue at follow-up should not be considered as attributable to NB. No prognostic factors could be identified. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical recovery was satisfactory in children being evaluated for NB although persistent symptoms from facial nerve palsy occurred. Persistent nonspecific symptoms, such as headache and fatigue, were not more frequently reported in patients than in controls. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Intracranial reparative giant cell granuloma secondary to cholesteatoma in a 15-year-old girl; A 15-year-old girl presented with pain in the right ear and acute onset of total peripheral facial nerve palsy. Imaging studies revealed an intracranial mass of the right temporal bone causing temporal lobe displacement. A first biopsy led to the diagnosis of intracranial giant cell reparative granuloma (GCRG), a rare benign tumor of the bone or soft tissue that can show expansive growth. The etiology of GCRG is unclear. Facial nerve palsy responded to treatment with diclofenac and physiotherapy, however, the intracranial lesion progressed at follow-up. Total surgical excision revealed a cholesteatoma central to the GCRG originating from the right middle ear and mastoid. Cholesteatoma should be considered as a trigger for intracranial GCRG growth, especially if adjacent to the temporal bone. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
How accurate are primary care referral letters for presumed acute stroke?; The introduction of thrombolysis for the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke has increased the importance of prompt and accurate diagnosis. Research has shown a high rate of misdiagnosis of acute stroke in the community by paramedics and primary care doctors (PCDs). In this study, referral letters for presumed acute stroke or Transient Ischaemic Attack (TIA) were audited to assess the diagnostic accuracy of PCDs and the quality of the referral letters. In 30 % of cases, the diagnosis of stroke was correct. Important stroke mimics included sepsis, delirium and functional disorders. PCDs may benefit from a stroke recognition tool to increase diagnostic accuracy.
Is brucellosis a new agent for the development of Guillain-Barré syndrome through clinic and laboratory tests or is it a coincidence?; Campylobacter jejuni has been identified as one of the etiologic agents of Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), but recent experimental study showed that B.mellitensis produced anti GM1 ganglioside antibodies and developed flaccid limb weakness. The authors presented 7 patients whose final diagnosis was GBS associated with brucellosis. The mean time between the initiation of brucellosis symptoms and GBS symptoms was 15.8 days. All patients showed motor deficit but glove and stocking sensory deficits were present in 5 of them. Facial diplegia occurred in three patients and disartria in two. The preferred therapeutic schedule was rifampin plus doxycycline and IV immunoglobulin simultaneously. Axonal motor involvement was evident by electroneuromyography (ENMG) in two patients while others were mix sensorymotor involvement. Visual evoked potential (VEP) testing showed bilateral prolonged latency in one patient which might develope secondary to demyelination. The response to treatment was mostly recovery except one who did not take immunoglobulin. In experimental study several genes for lipooligosaccharide biosynthesis in specific GBS-associated C.jejuni strains were found to be similar to lipooligosaccharide biosynthesis genes of B.mellitensis. In the light of these seven cases we can suggest that especially in endemic regions brucella should be considered in GBS patients and treated with antibiotics beside immunomodulatory therapy. © Universitätsverlag Ulm GmbH 2009.
Facial nerve problems and hearing loss in patients with temporal bone fractures: Demographic data; BACKGROUND:: The incidence of temporal bone fractures have increased in recent decades together with the increasing traffic and population. The aim of this study is to evaluate the cause, treatment methods, radiologic, and intraoperative findings in patients with temporal bone fractures. METHODS:: Thirty-five patients with temporal bone fracture who have been followed between 1992 and 2006 were retrospectively reviewed. Computerized tomography and audiometric tests were obtained. Electrophysiological evaluation of the facial nerve in patients with traumatic facial paralysis was carried by serial electromyogram (EMG). House-Brackmann grading system was used to evaluate the function of the facial nerve. Twenty-three patients underwent operation for facial paralysis or hearing loss. Results of medical and surgical therapy were documented. RESULTS:: Traffic crash was the most common cause (54%). Eighteen (51.4%) of patients had conductive hearing loss, 6 (17.14%) of the patients had sensorineural hearing loss, and 11 (31.42%) had normal hearing. Transient or persistent facial paralysis was detected in 24 of 35 patients (68.57%). Nineteen patients underwent partial or total facial decompression. Preoperative EMG of the majority of the operated patients revealed total axonal degeneration. The most common affected area of the facial nerve by trauma was the vertical segment (31.58%). House-Brackmann 1 and 2 grade was achieved in majority of the patients. Fourteen ossicular abnormalities were detected in 10 patients, and the abnormality was usually related to the incus. More than 10 dB air-bone gap closure was achieved in six of eight patients (75%). CONCLUSIONS:: Traffic crashes continue to be the main cause of temporal bone fractures. Facial paralysis caused by temporal bone trauma can be satisfactorily treated by decompression. EMG, clinical grading, and onset of the paralysis are important guides for the surgery. Restoration of the hearing can be achieved in majority of patients. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Impairment of vertical saccades from an acute pontine lesion in multiple sclerosis; A 62-year-old woman with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis suddenly complained of diplopia associated with bilateral adduction impairment, nystagmus of the abducting eye bilaterally, and sparing of abduction, convergence, and vertical eye movements, consistent with bilateral internuclear ophthalmoplegia. Within 1 week, she had developed a complete horizontal gaze paralysis even with the oculocephalic maneuver. Vertical saccades were slow and convergence was preserved. There was a right lower motor neuron seventh cranial nerve palsy. Brain MRI showed a new enhancing lesion involving the pontine tegmentum. Clinical and MRI follow-up showed recovery after 6 months. The slowing of vertical saccades may have been due to spread of the demyelinating lesion to the adjacent paramedian pontine reticular formation, which contains omnipause neurons lying in the raphe interpositus nucleus thought to inhibit excitatory burst neurons for horizontal and vertical saccades. Our patient verifies the fact that vertical saccadic abnormalities may occur from a lesion apparently confined to the pons. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Descendant necrotizing mediastinitis developed following an odontogenic infection (case report); Descendant necrotizing mediastinitis (DNM) is a rare pathology occurring with high mortality rates (50 %) as a result of the expansion of infections related to the bases of mouth and cervix through anatomic cavities and it generally necessitates urgent therapy. Early diagnosis is difficult as the symptoms are not specific. The treatment method to be applied on the patients with DNM may be either surgical drainage or thoracotomy. The patient at the age of 21 who is suspected with deep cervical infection and cervical abcess developed as a result of the 5th molar tooth extraction from left upper chin 10 days ago was applied abcess drainage in ENT department and then he was transferred to the intensive, care unit as intubated with the diagnosis of sepsis. No progress was observed in the patient during his intensive care. 6 days later he was diagnosed with DNM according to the findings of posterior-anterior (PA) chest x-ray and bridn-cervix-thorax computerized tomography (CT). During his treatment in addition to the cervical abcess drainage, he was applied right thoracotomy and anterior cervical mediastinotomy followed by appropriate antibiotherapy. On the 26th day of the patient in hospital he was transferred to the ENT department from the intensive care unit because of the problems such as existence, of tracheostomy, open cervical incision line, left facial paralysis and left horner's syndrome. The patient who had no longer complaints was discharged from hospital on the 56th day of his presence there. The patients with simple pharyngeal or odontogenic infections should be suspected with DNM diagnosis when their general conditions are observed to worsen. In conclusion, DNM is a life-threatening pathology and early diagnosis, appropriate antibiotic therapy and efjective mediastinal drainage are the musts for a good prognosis.
Three-dimensional video analysis of the paralyzed face reanimated by cross-face nerve grafting and free gracilis muscle transplantation: Quantification of the functional outcome; BACKGROUND: Surgeons have found it difficult to quantify facial paralysis and its improvement by reconstructive surgery. This article presents the results achieved by free functional muscle transplantation for reconstruction of the paralyzed face, registered by three-dimensional video analysis of facial movements. METHODS: Of patients treated consecutively between 1997 and 2006, two groups were constituted: group 1 comprised 22 patients with reinnervation completed after a single cross-face nerve graft and a free gracilis muscle graft for reconstruction of the smile; group 2 comprised nine patients treated with two cross-face nerve grafts followed by a territorially differentiated gracilis muscle transplant for reconstruction of the smile and eye closure. Smiling with showing teeth, maximal showing of teeth, and closing the eyes as in sleep were analyzed in detail. RESULTS: In group 1, static asymmetry was reduced from 12.19 ± 8.73 mm preoperatively to -1.84 ± 7.67 mm at 18 months postoperatively. Smile amplitude increased from 9 to 60 percent of that on the healthy side in 10 incomplete facial palsies of this group, and from 0 to 62 percent in eight functionally successful muscle grafts among 11 patients with complete lesions. In group 2, static asymmetry improved from 7.24 ± 12.64 mm to -5.36 ± 9.07 mm; the overcorrection was intentional. Movement was improved in eight cases. Smile amplitude reached 68 ± 43 percent of that on the normal side. Lagophthalmus improved from 7.21 ± 3.59 mm to 1.38 ± 2.49 mm. All improvements were statistically significant (p ≤ 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Three-dimensional video analysis provided an exact quantitative documentation of the degree of facial palsy preoperatively and the reconstructed movements. The value of free functional gracilis muscle transplantation was demonstrated for both variations of the technique. © 2008 by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Uses of the superficial temporal fascial flap in facial paralysis; BACKGROUND: The superficial temporal fascia merits its popularity in reconstructive surgery for its large number of clinical applications. In this report, the authors present their experience with different uses of the superficial temporal fascial flap in facial reanimation. METHODS: Seventeen cases are presented. In 10 patients, the fascial flap provided a vascularized lining at the interface between the free muscle flap for smile restoration and the overlying skin. In six cases, it was utilized to correct small or moderate contour deficits in the paretic hemiface, using either the fascial flap alone or in combination with free adipose tissue. One patient presented with facial paralysis and Frey syndrome following parotidectomy, and the fascial flap was used to control gustatory sweating. Five independent observers graded aesthetic and functional outcomes on a scale from poor to excellent. Three patients were lost to follow-up, so 14 cases were evaluated. RESULTS: Follow-up ranged from 1 to 216 months (47 ± 60.49 months). The specific reconstructive goal for each patient was achieved and the overall symmetry was greatly improved, with all patients being granted higher scores by the panel of observers following the superficial fascia flap (Wilcoxon matched-pairs signed ranks, p < 0.0001). Transient or permanent alopecia along the temporal incision was the main complication observed. CONCLUSIONS: Transfer of the superficial temporal fascia flap is a valuable technique with several potential applications in facial paralysis management and reconstructive surgery in general. The advantages of this highly vascularized, gliding, and pliable flap far outweigh the associated minimal complications. © 2008 by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Malignancies of the ear in irradiated patients of nasopharyngeal carcinoma; To report on the clinical profiles and treatment experiences of patients with second primary ear malignancy after treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). Study Design: Retrospective case series. Methods: A retrospective review of the clinical outcomes and pathology of 11 irradiated NPC patients who subsequently had second primary malignancies of the ear at a single institution. Results: Ten tumors were squamous cell carcinoma and one tumor was chondrosarcoma occurring within the radiation field of previous treatment for NPC. The interval between previous radiotherapy and diagnosis of ear malignancy was 3 to 27 years with a median time of 17 years. Six tumors were located in the external auditory canal, two in the middle ear cavity, two in the periauricular region and one in the mastoid cavity. Four patients underwent surgery, and the other seven patients underwent surgery plus adjuvant radiotherapy. The 3-year disease-free and overall survival rates were 30.3% and 20%, respectively. Conclusions: Postirradiated malignancy of the ear is extremely rare, but is one of the causes of death for NPC long-term survivors despite curative-intended treatment with surgery plus adjuvant radiotherapy is instituted. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Primary care management of the discharging ear (due to CSOM); In summary, patients with resistant tubotympanic disease, atticoantral disease, suspicion of cholesteatoma or evidence of complications should be referred. Further hospital investigation involves audiometry and CT imaging to delineate the extent of the disease and reveal any occult cholesteatoma. Treatment may be medical or surgical. Irrespective of the means, the ultimate aim is to eradicate disease and create a safe dry ear and possibly restore hearing. Patients referred with tubotympanic disease unresponsive to medical treatment may get a further medical therapy (topical or systemic antibiotics, chemical cautery to control granulation tissue). However a myringoplasty may be needed to create a safe dry ear in a group of patients who want it. Patients with cholesteatoma or atticoantral disease require surgery to eradicate disease. This may involve an atticotomy, atticoantrostomy or mastoidectomy (Figure 3). Once the ear is safe and dry, procedures such as myringoplasty and ossiculoplasty may be considered to restore hearing. © Copyright 2008 Rila Publications Ltd.
Recurrent leukoencephalopathy with microhemorrhages: Gradient-echo MRI study diagnostic value in CNS primary angiitis; Diagnosis of primary angiitis of the central nervous system (PACNS) is difficult in relation to variability in its clinical manifestations and absence of specific signs in neuroimaging. A young patient presented with a recurrent encephalopathic clinical course. T2 and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery-magnetic resonance imaging (FLAIR-MRI) showed hyperintense lesions in the cerebral white matter suggesting demyelination. Those lesions decreased or even disappeared after treatment with steroids and immunoglobulins. In echo gradient MRI (T2*-MRI), there were permanent cortical-subcortical petechial hypointense lesions (microhemorrhages). Definite diagnosis was established after cerebral biopsy. Intravenous cyclophosphamide was administrated with no new relapses in more than 18 months of follow-up. In a compatible clinical course, the finding of petechial hemorrhages in T2*-WI could play an important role in early diagnosis of PACNS. © SAGE Publications 2008.
Nervous involment in Sjögren syndrome, case report; Description: Neurological complications during Sjögren syndrome may occur between 8.5 and 70%. Peripheral nervous system (PNS) involvement is well known but data concerning central nervous system (CNS) symptoms are more uncommon. Goals: To describe the various neurological attacks which can be seen in Gougerot-Sjögren syndrome. Case report: Authors report a case of a 67 years woman presenting salivary glands hypertrophy associated with right facial and trijeminal palsy. An accessory salivary gland biopsy and a magnetic resonance imaging of central nervous system objected the Sjögren syndrome complicated by cranial nerve palsy. The woman underwent a corticoid treatment. The salivary and nervous impairment disappeared within two months. Conclusion: Sjögren syndrome is a chronic auto-immune disease involving exocrine glands. It may also associate extra glandular features. Nervous involvement is rarely seen (20%) and rarer is the cranial nerves impairment. The trijeminal nerve is the most involved of all cranial nerves. © 2002 African Journal of Neurological Sciences. All rights reserved.
Review of paediatric neurological conditions seen in the physiotherapy department of a children's hospital in Ibadan, Nigeria; Management of paediatric neurological conditions involves a multidisciplinary team approach with Physiotherapy being an important member of the team. This study investigated the proportion that neurological conditions accounted for of the total number of paediatric conditions managed at the Physiotherapy Department of the Oni Memorial Children Hospital, Ibadan between January 2004 and December 2006 and also reviewed the specific neurological conditions. Records of all the patients managed during the study period reviewed were identified from which the neurological cases were sorted out and data on specific diagnosis, age and gender were collated. A total of 546 paediatric cases were reviewed out of which 471 (86.3%) were neurological cases with mean age of 25.3± 25.2 months and a 1.3: 1.0 male to female ratio. Cerebral palsy {CP}, predominantly the spastic quadriplegic type, accounted for majority (43.7%) of cases. Traumatic sciatic nerve palsy was the cause of physiotherapy attendance in 35.5% of cases while Obstetric brachial plexus injury accounted [10.8%) of cases. Other conditions were Central Nervous System Infections, Down's syndrome and Paralysis of unspecified diagnosis, Radial and Facial nerve palsies and Gullian Barre syndrome. A case is made for the deployment of more resources (funds, facilities and health personnels) for the care of neurological paediatric conditions.
Application of thermal imaging in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome diagnostic; The paper presents the case of a male patient aged 44, admitted to Szczecin Department of Dermatology with swelling in both lips, which had been steadily worsening over a 25-year period. Examination revealed three symptoms: swelling in both lips, lingua plicata and an excessively smooth left naso-labial furrow, suggestive of left facial nerve paralysis. Bacterial cultures obtained from the throat indicated high levels of Bifi dobacterium adolescentis. In patch tests there were positive reactions to phenylenediamine and anesthezine. Neurological examination revealed that the left naso-labial furrow was excessively smooth. Thermographic investigation revealed a higher temperature in the left naso-labial fold (+1°C) in comparison with the right side of the face. A skin biopsy taken from the cheek showed a diffuse granulomatous infi ltration typical for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The patient was treated with steroids and antibiotics, after which there was a marked reduction in the swelling of the lips for a period of 2 years, although there was no improvement in the palsy of the facial nerve. Copyright © 2008 Cornetis.
[Clinical manifestation of Lyme borreliosis in children with positive and negatiwe western blot results].; In the afforested area of North-Eastern Poland the risk of Borrelia burgdorferi infection seems to be higher compared to the other regions. Because of unspecific clinical manifestation of Lyme borreliosis in children the positive ELISA IgM results should be confirmed with Western blot IgM tests. Retrospective analysis of clinical signs and symptoms of Lyme borreliosis in children with positive ELISA IgM and positive Western blot IgM results and in children with positive ELISA IgM and negative Western blot IgM results. The study included 20 children reactive with ELISA IgM (Bellco Biomedica, Austria), hospitalized in Pediatric Infectious Diseases Clinic in 2007 due to probable diagnosis of Lyme disease. All children were tested with B. burgdorferi Western blot IgM and/or IgG assay (DRG, Diagnostics, Germany) as a second-step diagnosis. In 10 (50% females, 50% males) out of 20 children the results were positive (borreliosis) and in other 10 (80% females, 20% males) the results were negative (controls). In both groups of patients the retrospective analysis of signs and symptoms was done. The most often clinical manifestation of Lyme borreliosis in children was neuroborreliosis. Children presented Lyme meningitis (30%), facial nerve palsy (10%) and chronic or recurrent headaches (40%), associated with vertigo (20%), weakness (30%), fever (40%), and fatigue syndrome (30%). One patient presented Lyme arthritis. Children of control group presented with unspecific symptoms like isolated headaches (40%), arthralgias (70%), myalgias (10%) and abdomen pain (20%) (1) The most frequent clinical presentation of Lyme borreliosis in analyzed children was neuroborreliosis; (2) Isolated arthralgias in children reactive with B. burgdorferi ELISA IgM need to be confirmed with Western blot assay before implementing the antibiotic therapy.
Clinical features of hyperthyroidism combined with Moyamoya disease(report of 4 cases); Objective: To explore the clinical features of hyperthyroidism combined with Moyamoya disease. Methods The manifestations of clinic and neuroimaging in 4 patients with hyperthyroidism combined with Moyamoya disease were retrospectively analyzed. Results 4 patients were young or middle-aged females and onset of the disease were acute or subacute. 2 cases had the history of hyperthyroidism for 4 and 1 years and other 2 cases were diagnosed of hyperthyroidism in the duration of hospital stay. All of them presented with focal neurologic deficit ( 3 of motor weakness or fatigue in the limbs, 2 of facial paralysis and 2 of aphasia). All of them had thyromegaly I ° - II ° and 1 of them had vascular murmur in thyroid region. Thyroid function tests revealed thyrotoxicosis, the level of fT3 was 10.1-30.8 pmoI/L,the level of fT4 was 17. 9 - 154. 8 pmol/L, the level of TSH was 0. 01 ∼ 0. 1 mU/L. DSA or MRA showed stenosis or occlusion of the terminal portions of the bilateral or unilateral internal carotid arteries and abnormal vascular network in the vicinity of the arterial occlusion. The patients recovered after the anti-thyroid therapy and treatments for the cerebral stroke. Then ,15 ∼ 60 months were followed up respectively, there was no relapsed of cerebral stroke in them. Conclusion Hyperthyroidism combined with Moyamoya disease is only seen in females. Cerebral stroke is occurred during the presence of thyrotoxicosis. Anti-thyroid treatment is beneficial for recovery of the centre nervous system and prevention of recurrence.
B-Cell-Directed Therapies in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; Objective: Owing to their ability to promote the onset and flares of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), B-cells are now established as key players in the pathogenesis of the disease, and, therefore, have become a major therapeutic focus in SLE. In this article, we review the literature on B-cell-directed therapies for SLE focusing on B-cell depletion, B-cell tolerance, costimulatory signals, and cytokines that affect B-cell survival and activation. Methods: The clinical trials reviewed in this article were accessed from the PubMed database (www.pubmed.gov) and Clinical Trials database (www.clinicaltrials.gov) through an English language search of the literature published between January 2002 and March 2007. Keywords included the following terms: B-cells, SLE, and therapy. Results: Seventeen completed clinical trials enrolling 973 patients and 5 ongoing studies with anticipated enrollment of 785 patients were reviewed. Novel SLE therapies that target B-cells directly or indirectly were included. B-cell-depleting therapies with the monoclonal antibodies rituximab and epratuzumab have shown good therapeutic results. On the contrary, the well-studied B-cell tolerogen LJP 394 has not demonstrated much clinical benefit. Studies targeting costimulatory pathways have shown variable results; clinical trials with anti-CD40L antibody were terminated because of thromboembolic events, whereas studies targeting the B7-CD28 pathway seem promising. Anticytokine agents against B-lymphocyte stimulator (BLyS), interleukin (IL)-10, IL-6, and interferon alpha (IFN-α) are the newcomers that need further evaluation in the treatment of SLE. Conclusions: Progress in technology has led to the variety of B-cell-directed therapies. In contrast to general immunosuppressants, novel treatments that interfere with specific aspects of B-cell functions create the possibility of developing targeted therapeutic approaches for specific subpopulations of lupus patients. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Highly malignant submandibular extraskeletal osteosarcoma in a young patient; Osteosarcoma is the most common primary malignant neoplasm of the bone. Rarely, osteosarcomas occur at sites other than the bone, so-called extraskeletal osteosarcoma (ESOS). ESOS is a rare malignancy that accounts for approximately 1% of all tissue sarcomas and present most commonly as a large soft tissue mass in the extremities. The patient was an 18-year-old Japanese man who presented with a stony hard mass in the left submandibular region. Fine-needle aspiration biopsy could not be performed due to the firmness of the mass. The patient underwent left selective neck dissection after enlargement of the mass. Three months after operation, the patient developed massive local recurrence of the tumor. We removed the tumor, encased by the muscles. Postoperatively, the patient received a course of radiotherapy. However, 4 months after the second operation, the patient developed left facial nerve palsy and complained of sudden hearing loss on the left side. The patient developed metastases and died after acute intracranial hemorrhage. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of a submandibular ESOS in a young man without history of radiotherapy or trauma. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
HIV-associated cerebral lymphocyte infiltration mimicking vestibular schwannoma; The association of unilateral, rapidly progressive hearing loss, tinnitus and vestibular dysfunction in combination with a contrast-enhancing mass within the internal auditory canal on MRI is suggestive of a vestibular schwannoma (VS). We report the rare finding of a HIV-associated cerebral lymphocyte infiltration, most probably malignant lymphoma, which was presumed initially to be a VS. A 36-year-old male presented with progressive unilateral hearing loss accompanied by acute, ipsilateral tinnitus. Interpreted first as sudden sensorineural hearing loss, his symptoms were treated with rheologic therapy. Ipsilateral facial palsy appeared. MRI with gadolininium disclosed a contrast-enhancing mass within the internal auditory meatus of the left side. Within five weeks an extended leptomeningeal lymphocyte infiltration evolved and the diagnosis of an underlying HIV infection was made. Unilateral, rapidly progressive hearing loss and a fast growing cerebello-pontine mass is atypical for VS and highly suspicious of malignant disease. To our knowledge we report the first case of an HIV-associated cerebral lymphocyte infiltration, mimicking a VS. In such cases the diagnostic work-up should include a HIV test. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
First branchial cleft fistula: A case report; First branchial cleft anomalies are a rare group of congenital malformations, accounting for about 5% of branchial cleft defects. The diagnosis may not be clear since their presentation is similar to other clinical conditions such as lymphadenitis, dermoid cyst, cystic hygroma, lymphangioma, primary parotid tumor, etc. Surgical excision requires a wide exposure so as not to damage the facial nerve. We report a case of a 2-year-old boy with a first branchial cleft fistula, in which a seropurulent discharge was observed through the cleft and along the ear canal. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Complications of chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma during a 10-year period in Kosovo; We review and discuss the results of treatments for complications of cholesteatomatous chronic otitis media (CCOM) in a tertiary health care center. In a retrospective study, the medical records of patients with complications of CCOM who had undergone surgical treatment at the ENT Clinic of the University Clinical Center of Kosovo for the period 1994-2004 were reviewed. From a total of 1,803 patients suffering from CCOM, in 91 patients, 55 (60.4%) men and 36 (39.6) women, one or two complications are recorded. The mean age of the subjects was 30 years, and the age range was from 1 to 76 years. Extracranial (EC) complications were observed in 52 cases (57.1%), and intracranial (IC) complications were seen in 29 patients (31.9%). Twelve patients (11%) had multiple complications. For the EC cases, we found that subperiostal mastoidal abscess occurred in 26% of the all patients, facial nerve palsy was seen in 16.48% and labyrinthine fistula occurred in 10%. For the IC cases, meningitis (19.7%) and perisinusal abscess (15.3%) were the most common complications. The most often isolated pathogen from ear swabs was Proteus mirabilis in 33.3% of cases. The most frequent radiological diagnostic procedures were mastoid tip X-rays, which were performed in 77% of the patients, and computed tomography in 24%; magnetic resonance imaging was not performed on any of the patients during the study period. Patients with EC complications were treated in the ENT Clinic, whereas patients with IC complications, after otologic surgical procedures, were transferred to the Neurosurgery Clinic or to the Clinic for Infectious Diseases. In this series, three patients (3.3%) died as a result of complications, while the remaining 96.7% survived. Complications of COM with cholesteatoma can represent life-threatening conditions, and close cooperation between otosurgeons, neurosurgeons and infectious disease specialists is mandatory. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Flexion deformities of the thumb: Clasped thumb and trigger thumb; Congenital clasped thumb in palm corresponds to a spectrum of anomalies leading to a loss of thumb extension and abduction. Intrinsic muscles and skin shortening are not infrequent. Conservative orthopedic treatment should be undergone as soon as possible. When this treatment fails, or when patients are seen late, surgical correction has to be customized according to the involved structures. The trigger thumb is 10 times more frequent than the trigger finger. It is bilateral in 30% of the cases. The term "congenital" remains unclear as several investigations on newborns have not evidenced trigger thumb. In children, it is very rare to find a real trigger and presentation consists in a fixed flexion deformity of the interphalangeal joint. Diagnosis is clinical, with a palpable nodule at the level of T1 pulley. Conservative treatment, consisting in a nocturnal splint, is indicated before the age of two years old. After this age, or in case of failure of splinting, surgery will be needed. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Facial nerve outcome after microsurgical resection of vestibular schwannoma.; The risk of facial nerve palsy after microsurgical removal of vestibular schwannoma cannot be totally eradicated. Beyond the functional problem, patients have to overcome the consequences of cosmetic disturbances, particularly the psychosocial difficulties and the decrease in quality of life due to this palsy. Taken together, the data from our personal experience and analysis of the literature indicate that the major predictor of postoperative facial deficit is tumor size. This information must be given to the patient when counseling for treatment option. When confronted with large tumors, we personally changed our surgical goals and considered that facial nerve conservation and tumor control are interconnected priorities instead of radical removal.
Facial nerve function insufficiency after radiosurgery versus microsurgery.; BACKGROUND: Due to the synergic role of the facial nerve and the nervus intermedius in the mechanical protection of the eye and taste, vestibular schwannomas and/or their treatment may prove to be dangerous for the visual function and taste. Our goal was to evaluate and compare the impact of the tumor itself and the impact of microsurgery (MS) or Gamma Knife radiosurgery (GKS). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A functional questionnaire evaluating, among other items, patient complaints related to the eye and taste has been given out to a series of 200 patients 3 years after the GKS of a unilateral vestibular schwannoma not previously resected. Their answers were compared with those of a group of 200 patients operated on microsurgically. A Schirmer test was additionally performed before radiosurgery (RS) and more than 2 years after RS in 66 patients. Results: The risk of dry eye and burning eye is much higher in patients operated by MS compared to patients operated by GKS due to the high incidence of facial palsy (FP) in the former (57/99) and its absence in the later (0/80). In the population operated on microsurgically, the presence of a permanent FP (57 patients among 99 responding to the questionnaire) was, of course, associated with a high rate of complaint, with burning eye in 27 and crying eye in 39. In patients from the two arms with no FP, a dry eye was reported in 8/64 after GKS and 7/42 after MS (not significant) and a burning eye in 9/64 after GKS and 9/42 after MS (not significant). Thus, 14% of patients with no clinical signs of impairment of the VIIth motor nerve presented signs indicating the injury of the intermedius nerve, with the same probability whatever the kind of surgery. When no permanent FP was observed, a crocodile tear syndrome was more frequently observed after MS (4/42 versus 1/64; p = 0.07). This suggests an early lesion of the VIIth motor nerve and nervus intermedius and a subsequent abnormal regrowth. The only patient reporting a crocodile tear syndrome after GKS turned out to have a transiently presented mild deficit of the orbicular muscle signing a transient partial facial nerve injury. In the absence of FP, a 'crying eye' was reported more frequently after MS (16/42 vs. 9/64; p = 0.01) leading us to suspect a frequent subclinical injury of the VIIth nerve in those patients operated on using MS with no obvious FP. Patients tested with the Schirmer test before and more than 2 years later were improved in 27.3%, stable in 56.1% and worse in 16.7% of cases. The answers about taste showed that 8.1% of patients after GKS and 45.5% of patients after MS complained of taste. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first demonstrating that RS can induce nervus intermedius injury in a small percentage of cases (14%). These patients have been treated 11 years ago with what we can consider as 'archeo-GKS technology' compared to today's radiosurgical instruments. Influence of modern GKS on the nervus intermedius is currently under evaluation in our group. However, symptoms related to the eye and taste either due to the injury of the nervus intermedius or the VIIth motor nerve or both are much more frequent after MS than after RS.
Gamma knife surgery for facial nerve schwannomas.; Radical resection of facial nerve schwannomas classically implies a high risk of severe facial palsy. Due to the rarity of facial palsy following Gamma Knife surgery (GKS) of vestibular schwannomas, functional evaluation after GKS in this specific group of patient appears rational. Clinical management due to the specificity and heterogeneity of this group of patients has required the development of an original classification of 4 anatomical subtypes presenting different clinical and surgical difficulties. Among 1,783 schwannomas of the cerebellopontine angle treated by GKS in Timone University Hospital between July 1992 and May 2003, 11 were diagnosed as originating from the facial nerve. Criteria for this diagnosis were: the involvement of the tympanic or mastoid segment of the facial nerve (9 patients); and/or preoperative observation of a facial nerve deficit that had occurred during previous microsurgery (2 patients). The rare occurrence of facial palsy after vestibular schwannoma radiosurgery, usually occurring within 18 months of treatment, has been considered only in the patients with more than 2 years of follow-up (9 patients). At last follow-up examination, no patients had developed a new facial palsy or experienced deterioration of a pre-existing facial palsy; 3 patients had improvement of a preoperative facial palsy. Ten of 11 tumors were stable, or decreased in size; in the remaining case, microsurgical resection of the tumor had been recommended due to the development of a cyst. This first study demonstrates that radiosurgery allows treatment of these patients while preserving normal motor facial function. Such an advantage should lead to the consideration of GKS as a first treatment option for small- to middle-sized facial nerve schwannomas.
Radiosurgery for type II neurofibromatosis.; A summary of our radiosurgical experience treating type II neurofibromatosis (NF2) vestibular schwannomas (VSs), based on a retrospective consecutive series of 122 tumours in 92 patients, with an extended series of a further 22 patients (906 patient-years of follow-up) to investigate the risk of malignancy after radiosurgery. With current techniques, we estimate that 8 years after radiosurgery for NF2 VS, 20% of patients will have required further treatment, 50% will be well controlled, and in 30% there will have been some concern about control, but they will have been managed conservatively. Three years after treatment, approximately 40% retain their functional hearing, 40% have some deterioration, 20% becoming deaf in that ear. The risk of facial palsy was 5%. Two malignancies were recorded after radiosurgery, in one the malignant behaviour preceded treatment. This is less than the previously reported rate of spontaneously developing malignant gliomas in NF2. Whilst the clinical results are far worse than those achieved treating sporadic tumours, this applies equally to the results of surgery or observation when treating NF2 tumours. It is important therefore that these patients are given advice specific for NF2. Considering this, we believe that radiosurgery remains a valuable minimally invasive treatment option for selected NF2 patients.
Ramus marginalis mandibulae nervus facialis palsy in hemifacial microsomia.; AIM: The paralysis of the ramus marginalis mandibulae nervus facialis may occur in Hemifacial Microsomia (HM); the combination of both HM and palsy contributes to an elongation of the mandibular body. This study explores a possible correlation between neurological deficit, muscular atony, and structural deficiency. STUDY DESIGN: Of 58 patients with HM who had come to the University of Rome (Sapienza) Pre-surgical Orthodontics Unit, 4 patients were afflicted with Hemifacial Microsomia and ramus marginalis mandibulae nervus palsy; these patients underwent physical, neurological, opthamologic and systemic examinations. The results were then analysed in order to determine a possible correlation between neuro-muscular and structural deficit. METHODS: Electroneurographic and electromyographic examinations were performed to estimate facial nerve and muscles involvement. RESULTS: Neuroelectrographic exam showed a damage of the nervous motor fibres of the facial nerve ipsilateral to HM, with an associated damage of the muscular function, while neuro-muscular functions on the healthy side were normal. CONCLUSIONS: The peripheral nervous and muscular deficits affect the function of facial soft tissues and the growth of mandibular body with an asymmetry characterised by a hypodevelopment of the ramus (due to the HM) and by an elongation of the mandibular body (due to ramus marginalis mandibulae nerve palsy), so that the chin deviation is contralateral to HM. In these forms, a neurological examination is necessary to assess the neurological damage on the HM side. Neuromuscular deficiency can also contribute to a relapse tendency after a surgical-orthodontic treatment.
A case of herpetic facial paralysis in which cochleovestibular symptoms outweigh facial nerve symptoms; A 42-year-old man presented with sensorineural hearing loss of acute onset, tinnitus, and vertigo. Physical examination revealed slight asymmetry in facial nerve functions and spontaneous nystagmus. Magnetic resonance imaging of the internal acoustic canal showed contrast enhancement consistent with edema-inflammation, being notable and diffuse in the seventh and eighth cranial nerve complex, and minimal in the cochlea. Non-hydropic cochleovestibular syndrome was considered and the patient was treated with antiviral and corticosteroid medications. A week later, facial paralysis improved and the acute hearing loss reversed. On the twelfth day of presentation, he had no complaints other than mild imbalance on abrupt changes in movement. In this type of herpetic facial paralysis in which cochleovestibular symptoms outweigh facial nerve symptoms, it might be argued that varicella zoster virus reactivation occurs in the spiral and/or vestibular ganglion.
Treatment of mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the parotid gland and successful repair of iatrogenic facial nerve paralysis.; A 15-year-old female patient developed facial nerve paralysis following surgical excision of a right parotid mass at another center. The histopathologic diagnosis of the lesion was mucoepidermoid carcinoma. On admission to our clinic, she underwent extended total parotidectomy and functional neck dissection. For facial nerve reanimation, cervical plexus nerve grafting was performed for frontal and buccal branches, and ansa hypoglossi anastomosis for the marginal mandibular branch. Postoperative radiotherapy was administered. Facial nerve functions returned to normal in the postoperative sixth month (House-Brackmann grade II). No locoregional recurrence or distant metastasis occurred in the follow-up period.
Bell's palsy in children: role of the school nurse in early recognition and referral.; Bell's palsy is the most common condition affecting facial nerves. It is an acute, rapidly progressing, idiopathic, unilateral facial paralysis that is generally self-limiting and non-life threatening that occurs in all age groups (Okuwobi, Omole, & Griffith, 2003). The school nurse may be the first person to assess facial palsy and muscle weakness in children. Because facial palsy and muscle weakness may be an indicator of a serious or life threatening condition, the school nurse plays a critical role in early recognition and referral. The Gordon Facial Muscle Weakness Assessment Form is presented as a tool designed to assist school nurses in recognizing children with facial muscle weakness and in determining whether a primary health care provider referral should be considered immediate or urgent.
Surgical management of trigeminal schwannomas.; OBJECT: The authors provide a detailed review of the surgical management of trigeminal schwannomas (TSs) and also discuss the best surgical approach based on the surgical anatomy and tumor extension. METHODS: A series of 17 patients with TSs who were surgically treated between 1987 and 2008 at the authors' institution is reported. The lesions were small (< 3 cm) in 2, medium (between 3 and 4 cm) in 5, large (> 4 cm) in 6, and giant (> 5 cm) in 4 cases. Preoperative symptoms included trigeminal hypesthesia (53%), facial pain (53%), headaches (35.3%), hearing impairment (17.6%), seizures (17.6%), diplopia (11.8%), ataxia (11.8%), and hemiparesis and increased intracranial pressure with papilledema (5.9%). The mean follow-up duration was 10.5 years (121.6 months), with an average of 0.8 patients per year. RESULTS: Total tumor excision was possible in 16 patients, with no surgery-related deaths. Postoperative trigeminal anesthesia was observed in 7; trigeminal motor function was preserved in 7. Two developed cerebrospinal fluid leakage, 2 presented with mild facial palsy, and 1 patient with neurofibromatosis Type 2 had recurrence of the tumor, which was uneventfully removed. Of the 9 who reported facial pain, only 1 remained symptomatic postoperatively. CONCLUSIONS: The best treatment for TSs is complete microsurgical removal. Postoperative preservation of trigeminal nerve function is possible when resection of the lesion is performed at well-established skull base neurosurgical centers. Although good results have been reported with radiosurgery, no cure can be obtained with this therapeutic modality. Instead, this treatment should be reserved only for nonresectable and residual tumors within the cavernous sinus.
Temporary ectropion therapy by adhesive taping: a case study.; INTRODUCTION: Various surgical procedures are available to correct paralytic ectropion, which are applied in irreversible facial paresis. Problems occur when facial paresis has an unclear prognosis, since surgery of the lower eyelid is usually irreversible. We propose a simple method to correct temporary ectropion in facial palsy by applying an adhesive strip. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ten patients with peripheral facial paresis and paralytic ectropion were treated with an adhesive strip to correct paralytic ectropion. We used "Steri-Strips" (45 x 6.0 mm), which were taped on the carefully cleaned skin of the lower eyelid and of the adjacent zygomatic region until the prognosis of the paresis was clarified. In addition to the examiner's evaluation of the lower lacrimal point in the lacrimal lake, subjective improvement of the symptoms was assessed using a visual analogue scale (VAS, 1-10). RESULTS: 9 patients reported a clear improvement of the symptoms after adhesive taping. There was a clear regression of tearing (VAS (median) = 8; 1 = no improvement, 10 = very good improvement), the cosmetic impairment of the adhesive tape was low (VAS (median) = 2.5; 1 = no impairment, 10 = severe impairment) and most of the patients found the use of the adhesive strip helpful. There was slight reddening of the skin in one case and well tolerated by the facial skin in the other cases. CONCLUSION: The cause and location of facial nerve damage are decisive for the type of surgical therapy. In potentially reversible facial paresis, procedures should be used that are easily performed and above all reversible without complications. Until a reliable prognosis of the paresis can be made, adhesive taping is suited for the temporary treatment of paralytic ectropion. Adhesive taping is simple and can be performed by the patient.
Innovations in pathogenetic therapy for peripheral affection of the cranial nerves in otorhinolaryngology; A total of 150 patients with peripheral affection of the facialnerve, 100 patients with acute neurosensory hypoacusis, 50 patients with affection of the reciprocal nerve were treated by the method using reciprocal interaction between M- and H-cholinergic mechanisms. Treatment outcomes showed that anticholinesterase therapy raises the efficacy of rehabilitation in patients with peripheral affection of the cranial nerves.
Clinical significance of quantitative analysis of facial nerve enhancement on MRI in Bell's palsy; Conclusions. Quantitative analysis of the facial nerve on the lesion side as well as the normal side, which allowed for more accurate measurement of facial nerve enhancement in patients with facial palsy, showed statistically significant correlation with the initial severity of facial nerve inflammation, although little prognostic significance was shown. Objectives. This study investigated the clinical significance of quantitative measurement of facial nerve enhancement in patients with Bell's palsy by analyzing the enhancement pattern and correlating MRI findings with initial severity of facial palsy and clinical outcome. Subjects and methods. Facial nerve enhancement was measured quantitatively by using the region of interest on pre- and post-contrast T1-weighted images in 44 patients diagnosed with Bell's palsy. The signal intensity increase on the lesion side was first compared with that of the contralateral side and then correlated with the initial degree of facial palsy and prognosis. Results. The lesion side showed significantly higher signal intensity increase compared with the normal side in all of the segments except for the mastoid segment. Signal intensity increase at the internal auditory canal and labyrinthine segments showed correlation with the initial degree of facial palsy but no significant difference was found between different prognostic groups. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. (Informa Healthcare, Taylor & Francis As).
Cerebral infarct in pediatric Neuro-Behçet's disease; Behçet's disease is a multisystem inflammatory vasculitic disorder with a chronic course for which the etiology is unknown. The central nervous system can be affected in 5% to 30% of all Behçet patients, yet it has been rarely reported in children or in Western countries. We describe a 14-year-old girl with Behçet's disease that presented initially as a cerebral infarct without venous sinus thrombosis. © 2008 Sage Publications.
Adverse events following immunisation - fact and fiction; Immunisation is an extremely safe public health intervention that provides huge health benefits by decreasing morbidity and mortality from infectious diseases. However, because of its success the general public do not experience any of these diseases first hand and so it becomes increasingly difficult to convey the importance of continued immunisation. More recently attention has also focussed on adverse events following immunisation - real or perceived. Post-immunisation surveillance plays a key role in detecting possible adverse events but interpretation of these temporal associations may be complex and can be misleading. This can be problematic when trying to achieve optimal vaccine uptake rates as it becomes difficult for parents to differentiate between fact and fiction. Knowledge of vaccines, their mechanism of action and their potential adverse effects is crucial in providing clear advice to parents. This review will explore some of the more high profile adverse events following immunisation, such as neurological disorders and autoimmune disorders and also focus on vaccine safety in premature infants. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A prospective, randomized trial for use of prednisolone in patients with facial nerve paralysis after parotidectomy; Background: A high rate of facial nerve paralysis (FNP) develops after parotid surgery, but there have been few clinical trials on treatments to improve recovery times. This study evaluated the efficacy of prednisolone in these patients. Methods: A total of 123 patients who underwent parotidectomy without injury to the facial nerve were assessed prospectively for postoperative FNP. These patients were assigned randomly to treatment with prednisolone or placebo for 10 days. FNP was evaluated by House-Brackmann grades. Recovery rates and adverse effects were monitored regularly for 6 months after surgery. Results: Of the 123 patients, 45 had postoperative FNP. All FNPs were grades II to IV, mostly on 1 or 2 facial areas. The incidence of FNP was increased significantly with malignant pathology, increased parotidectomy extent, and neck dissection (P < .01). Of 44 evaluable patients, 43 showed full recovery of FNP after 6 months, whereas 1 patient had permanent FNP. Recovery rates were equal in both groups, and there was no evidence of major adverse effects. Conclusions: Prednisolone was ineffective in early recovery from postparotidectomy FNP. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Facial schwannoma: Results of a large case series and review; Objectives and hypothesis: To report a series of 53 cases of facial schwannoma, to review the current literature, addressing contentious issues, and to present a management algorithm. Study design: Retrospective case review combined with review of current literature. Materials and methods: A review of the case notes of 53 patients with intracranial and intratemporal facial schwannoma, from two tertiary referral centres, was undertaken. This represents the largest series of facial schwannomas with clinical correlations in the literature. Data relating to epidemiological, clinical and management details were tabulated and compared with other large series. A review of the current literature was performed, and a management algorithm presented. Results: There were 23 (43 per cent) female and 30 (57 per cent) male patients. Patients' ages at presentation ranged from five to 84 years, with a mean of 49 years. Twenty-five (47 per cent) of the tumours were present on the left side and 28 (53 per cent) on the right side. Hearing loss was the most common presenting symptom, being present in 31/53 (58 per cent) patients, followed by facial weakness in 27/53 (51 per cent). Two patients (4 per cent) were completely asymptomatic, and their facial neuromas were diagnosed incidentally. The schwannoma extended along more than one segment of the facial nerve in 39 patients (74 per cent), with the mean number of segments involved being 2.5. A conservative approach of clinical observation was undertaken in 20 patients (38 per cent). Thirty-three patients (62 per cent) underwent surgery, with a total of 36 procedures. The translabyrinthine approach was most common, being utilised in 17 of the 36 procedures. Two patients underwent revision surgery for residual or recurrent disease on three occasions. There was total removal of tumour in 21 cases; the remainder had subtotal or no removal with drainage or decompression of the tumours. Twenty-one nerve reconstructions were performed, and 18 facial rehabilitation procedures were performed on 14 patients. Discussion: The results of this case series are similar to those of other reported series. The diagnosis of facial schwannoma is now generally made pre-operatively, due to improved imaging techniques and heightened awareness. Clinical assessment of facial function and imaging form the mainstays of surveillance for these tumours. These tumours are managed via clinical observation or surgical intervention; the latter can range from simple procedures (such as drainage of cystic components) to aggressive tumour removal and facial nerve reconstruction. Facial rehabilitation procedures may also be applied. The timing of intervention is contentious; surgical intervention is indicated when facial function deteriorates to a House-Brackmann grade IV level. Conclusion: Facial schwannomas are rare lesions, and reported series are generally small. Due to the complex management issues involved, these tumours are best managed in a tertiary referral setting. Observation is preferred until facial function deteriorates to a House-Brackmann grade III level, at which time surgery is considered. When facial function deteriorates to House-Brackmann grade IV, surgical intervention is indicated. We advocate surgical management based on the treatment algorithm described. © 2008 JLO (1984) Limited.
Motor unit number estimation in facial paralysis; The value of motor unit number estimation (MUNE) in determining the prognosis of acute peripheral facial paralysis (PFP) was evaluated in 89 patients with PFP on days 6, 8, 11, 14, 20, and 30 of PFP and repeated once per month until complete recovery or the end of the first year. The symptomatic/asymptomatic side ratios of the compound muscle action potential (CMAP) amplitudes recorded from nasalis muscles and MUNEs studied using the incremental method by recording from the same muscle were assessed with regard to three outcome groups (Group I, complete recovery; Group II, mild dysfunction; Group III, moderate-moderately severe dysfunction). CMAP and MUNE ratios were parallel to each other in all patient groups throughout the observation period with lower values in the more severe groups. However, CMAP amplitude loss was significantly greater than the MUNE loss in the first 3 weeks of PFP. The MUNE method is not superior to CMAP size in determining prognosis in PFP. However, the significant disparity between the CMAP and MUNE ratios in the early period may have some physiological relevance with regard to the pathophysiology of the Wallerian degeneration process and deserves further research into its potential sources. © 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Cutaneous delivery of prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines: Historical perspective and future outlook; The skin has long been recognized as an attractive target for vaccine administration. A number of clinical studies have tested the epidermal and dermal routes of delivery using a variety of vaccines over the years. In many cases, cutaneous administration has been associated with immunological benefits, such as the induction of greater immune responses compared with those elicited by conventional routes of delivery. Furthermore, there is a growing body of evidence to suggest that such benefits may be particularly important for certain higher-risk populations, such as the elderly, the immunocompromised and cancer patients. Despite the potential advantages of vaccination via the skin, results have sometimes been conflicting and the full benefits of this approach have not been fully realized, partly due to the lack of delivery devices that accurately and reproducibly administer vaccines to the skin. The 5-year outlook, however, appears quite promising as new cutaneous delivery systems advance through clinical trials and become available for more widespread clinical and commercial use. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Management of Bell's palsy: A report of 2 cases; Bell's palsy is a neuropathy of the peripheral seventh cranial nerve, resulting from traumatic, compressive, infective, inflammatory or metabolic abnormalities or it can be idiopathic. HIV, Epstein-Barr virus and hepatitis B virus have been suspected as initiating organisms, but herpes simplex virus is the most frequently implicated. This report describes 2 cases of Bell's palsy in children that were managed with antiviral agents. Both patients experienced complete recovery within 28 days; after 1 year follow-up, no recurrence was observed and both patients have normal facial movement. Differential diagnosis is essential to guide the treatment plan in Bell's palsy. Special attention should be given to children with respect to prescription of medications that can cause important side effects.
A case with prepontine (clival) arachnoid cyst manifested as trigeminal neuralgia; Most cases of "idiopathic" trigeminal neuralgia are thought to originate from vascular compression of the trigeminal root entry zone. In this case, we describe a young man presenting with the symptoms of trigeminal neuralgia associated with a prepontine (clival) arachnoid cyst. © 2008 the Authors.
The keyhole retrosigmoid approach to the cerebello-pontine angle: Indications, technical modifications, and results; Objectives: Establish the versatility and usefulness of the keyhole retrosigmoid approach to the cerebello-pontine angle (CPA) in various pathologies. Design: Prospective clinical study. Setting: Tertiary referral university hospital. Methods: One hundred twenty-one patients with various pathologies of the CPA underwent the relevant investigations and were operated upon by the retrosigmoid microendoscopic approach. The technical modifications and progression of our technique are described. Results: This group consisted of 121 patients (103 men and 28 women). The pathologies included were 60 acoustic neuromas, 28 vestibular neurectomies, nine meningiomas, and four arachnoid cysts. For nonmass lesions, no additional facial nerve injury or deterioration of hearing occurred. Total excision of mass lesions was achieved in 94.5% of cases. Facial nerve integrity was preserved in 92.3% of cases with mass lesions and permanent facial paralysis occurred in 8.3%. There were no mortalities, and the most frequent complication was a delayed cerebrospinal fluid leak from the site of the wound (15%), which was managed conservatively in all cases. Conclusions: The keyhole retrosigmoid approach is a versatile one. It can be used to deal with different pathologies through a unified access, and with the increasing exclusive use of endoscopes, a truly minimally invasive surgery can be achieved. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Facial nerve palsy: Anatomy, etiology, evaluation, and management; The ophthalmologist may be the first clinician to see a patient who presents with acute facial nerve palsy. Under such circumstances the ophthalmologist should make every effort to establish the underlying cause of the facial palsy and ensure that the patient's cornea is adequately protected. This article reviews the anatomy of the facial nerve, the varied disorders that may cause a facial palsy, a detailed evaluation of such a patient, and the various medical and surgical treatments available. Copyright © 2008 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Clinical predictors of lyme disease among children with a peripheral facial palsy at an emergency department in a lyme disease-endemic area; INTRODUCTION. Although Lyme disease can cause peripheral facial palsy in Lyme disease- endemic areas, diagnostic predictors in children have not been described. Objective. Our goal was to determine clinical predictors of Lyme disease as the etiology of peripheral facial palsy in children presenting to an emergency department in a Lyme disease-endemic area. Methods. We reviewed all available electronic medical charts of children ≤20 years old with peripheral facial palsy who were evaluated in the emergency department of a tertiary care pediatric center from 1995 to 2007. We used the Centers for Disease Control Lyme disease definition: presence of erythema migrans lesion or serologic evidence of infection with Borrelia burgdorferi. We performed binary logistic regression with bootstrapping validation to determine independent clinical predictors of Lyme disease. Results. We identified 313 patients with peripheral facial palsy evaluated for Lyme disease. The mean age was 10. 7 years, and 52% were male. Of these, 106 (34%) had Lyme disease facial palsy. After adjusting for year of study, the following were independently associated with Lyme disease facial palsy: onset of symptoms during peak Lyme disease season (June to October), absence of previous herpetic lesions, presence of fever, and history of headache. In the subset of patients without meningitis, both onset of symptoms during Lyme disease season and presence of headache remained significant independent predictors. Conclusions. Lyme disease is a frequent cause of facial palsy in children living in an endemic region. Serologic testing and empiric antibiotics should be strongly considered, especially when children present during peak Lyme disease season or with a headache. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Transient expansion of vestibular schwannoma following stereotactic radiosurgery: Clinical article; Object. The authors prospectively analyzed volume changes in vestibular schwannomas (VSs) after stereotactic radiosurgery. Methods. One hundred consecutive patients with unilateral VS treated with Gamma Knife surgery (GKS) at Chiba Cardiovascular Center between 1998 and 2006 were analyzed in this study. For each lesion the Gd-enhanced volume was measured serially every 3 months in the 1st year, then every 6 months thereafter, using volumetric software. The frequency and degree of transient tumor expansion were documented and possible prognostic factors were analyzed. Concurrently, neurological deterioration involving trigeminal, facial, and cochlear nerve functions were also assessed. Results. The mean observation period was 65 months (range 25-100 months). There were 32 men and 68 women, whose mean age was 59.1 years (range 29-80 years). Tumor volumes at GKS averaged 2.7 cm3 (range 0.1-13.2 cm3), and the lesions were irradiated at the mean 52.2% isodose line for the tumor margin (range 50-67%), with a mean dose of 12.2 Gy (range 10.5-13 Gy) at the periphery. The tumor volume was increased by 23% at 3 months and 27% at 6 months. Tumors shrank to their initial size over a mean period of 12 months. The maximum volume increase was < 10% (no significant increase) in 26 patients, 10-30% in 23, 30-50% in 22, 50-100% in 16, and > 100% in 13. The peak tumor expansion averaged 47% (range 0-613%). A high-dose (≥ 3.5 Gy/min) treatment appears to be the greatest risk factor for transient tumor expansion, although the difference did not reach statistical significance. Transient facial palsy and facial dysesthesia correlated strongly with tumor expansion, but only half of the hearing loss was coincident with this phenomenon. Conclusions. Transient expansion of VSs after GKS was found to be much more frequent than previously reported, strongly suggesting a correlation with deterioration of facial and trigeminal nerve functions.
Cerebrospinal fluid leakage after gamma knife radiosurgery for skull base metastasis from renal cell carcinoma: A case report; We report a rare case of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leakage after radiosurgery for skull base metastasis from renal cell carcinoma. A mass invading the left petrous bone and sphenoid sinus was treated with gamma knife radiosurgery, and CSF rhinorrhea developed 4 months after the procedure. The CSF leak was successfully controlled by endoscopic sinus surgery. CSF leakage may develop as a rare complication after radiosurgery for skull base lesions, and the endoscopic repair technique is a useful therapeutic method. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma Metastatic to parotid-area lymph nodes; Introduction: Metastatic spread to parotid-area lymph nodes (PALN) occurs in 1% to 3% of patients with cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck. Presented herein is the University of Florida experience using radiation therapy (RT) to treat patients with PALN metastases from a skin primary. Methods and Materials: From November 1969 to February 2005, 121 parotids in 117 patients received irradiation for nonmelanotic skin carcinoma metastatic to PALN. Patients were staged by the O'Brien staging system. Of the 121 parotids receiving RT, 17 (14%) were treated preoperatively, 87 (72%) postoperatively, and 17 with RT alone. Results: Five-year actuarial probabilities of local (parotid) control, local-regional control, disease-free survival and overall survival were 78%, 74%, 70%, and 54%, respectively. When patients were separated by O'Brien P-stage, statistically significant differences were seen among the groups for local (parotid) control, local-regional control, and disease-free survival. A statistically significant decrease in local control was seen in patients treated with positive surgical margins (92% vs. 76%) and in localregional control for patients treated with preoperative RT or RT alone when compared with postoperative RT (59% and 47% vs. 83%, respectively). The 5-year actuarial probability of freedom from distant metastases was 92%. Three (2.6%) patients suffered severe complications. Conclusions: PALN metastases from a cutaneous head and neck primary site are best treated with surgery and postoperative RT. Our data support the hypothesis that the O'Brien staging system is superior to the American Joint Committee on Cancer system for the staging of cutaneous metastases to PALN. Positive surgical margins confer a worse prognosis in terms of local-regional control and disease-free survival. Patients treated with preoperative RT seem to have a worse prognosis than those treated postoperatively, likely a result of patient selection and the surgeon's inability to accurately assess viable tumor extent after preoperative RT. Severe complications are uncommon after surgery and RT for PALN metastases. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
[Glossopharyngeal neurotomy through laterocervical approach to treat idiopathic glossopharyngeal neuralgia].; To introduce a modified laterocervical approach for glossopharyngeal neurotomy to treat idiopathic glossopharyngeal neuralgia. The clinical data, the operative technique, the operative effects and (the results of) follow-up of 12 patients were presented. Through reviewing pertinent literatures, the therapeutic advancement of glossopharyngeal neuralgia and the modified technique of laterocervical approach for glossopharyngeal neurotomy were discussed. New idea on operations, of which the use of insulation coverings when cauterizing the inferior ganglion of glossopharyngeal nerve and Jacobson nerve were brought. Homonymous superior laryngeal nerve was excised at the same time. All patients (the cases) were followed-up for 3 months to 3 years with an median of 15 months. Among the 12 patients suffered from glossopharyngeal neuralgia, 11 patients were satisfied with the outcomes and remained disease free after surgical treatment. The remission rate of pain was 100.0%, complete remission rate of pain was 91.7%. Only a few patients had complications. Intraoperative leakage of cerebrospinal fluid was obstructed with gelatin sponge and pasted with mucilage in 1 case and no complication appeared in the convalescence stage. Postoperatively, facial palsy was found in 1 case which was self-cured after a week, postoperative voice depression in 1 case, and foreign body sensation in 2 cases. Laterocervical approach for glossopharyngeal neurotomy is an available method to treat idiopathic glossopharyngeal neuralgia.
Lyme disease with lymphocytic meningitis, trigeminal palsy and silent thalamic lesion; We describe a follow-up in a 15-year-old boy with neuroborreliosis diagnosed by clinical symptoms, CSF and serum analysis. MRI revealed a thalamic lesion and an enhancement of the right trigeminal nerve clinically associated with mild hypasthesia in the right maxillary region. Both, clinical symptoms and radiological findings disappeared within 2 months after treatment. Borrelia burgdorferi specific IgM and IgG in CSF and IgG in serum became negative between 6 and 12 months after diagnosis. We show that neuroborreliosis at an early stage may present only with moderate neurological deficits and that at this stage MRI reveals distinct cerebral lesions which might even precede clinical manifestation. Thus, early diagnosis and treatment of neuroborreliosis may prevent persistent neurologic lesions. © 2008 European Paediatric Neurology Society.
Extramedullary plasmacytomas in the head and neck region; Extramedullary plasmacytoma (EMP) arises outside the bone marrow, particularly in the head and neck region (nasopharynx, nose cavity, sinuses, and tonsils), and can be associated with multiple myeloma (MM). Three cases of EMP in the head and neck region are described: a first case describes an EMP of the subglottis 3 years after treatment of MM, a second case of an EMP solitary in the middle ear presenting as a jugular foramen syndrome, and a third case of an EMP localised at the epiglottis, recurring at the floor of the nose cavity. Treatment of each EMP was surgical. We reviewed literature about aetiology, clinical course, diagnostics, treatment and prognosis. Important presenting symptoms vary from epistaxis, rhinorrhoea, a sore throat, dysphonia to haemoptoea. Association with MM must be confirmed or excluded. Histopathological examination, with immunological staining or flow cytometry confirms the diagnosis. CT and MRI are useful in staging EMP. The treatment of EMP is surgery and/or radiotherapy. The prognosis depends on tumour size (>5 cm) and nodal involvement. The 10-year survival rate is 50-80%. © 2008 The Author(s).
Sodium β-aescin may be an effective therapeutic agent for Bell's palsy; Although Bell's palsy is the most common acute facial paralysis, the cause of it is still unknown. This made the treatment for it remain very limited. Many methods are simply symptomatic treatment. Up to now we have known that Bell's palsy is related to viral infection and the pathomechanism of Bell's palsy involves inflammatory oedema and entrapment neuropathy in the narrow bony facial canal. So treatment plans for Bell's palsy mainly focus on antiviral therapy, relieving inflammatory oedema and accelerating facial nerve recovery. Sodium β-aescin is derived from horse chestnut and its major constituent is aescigenin which has been approved by China national drug standard. The pharmacologic action of sodium β-aescin is to relieve tissue oedema, recover vasopermeability and eliminate pressure caused by oedema. Nowadays sodium β-aescin has been widely used clinically for encephaledema or tumefaction caused by trauma or operation. It also can be used for treating disease of digestive system and increasing intravenous tension and improving microcirculation. Although many papers had been published on the anti-edema effects of sodium β-aescin, little was known about the effects in treating oedema complicated by Bell's palsy. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Solanaceous steroidal glycoalkaloids and poisoning by Solanum torvum, the normally edible susumber berry; Ingestion of immature, environmentally stressed, or cultivar-specific Solanum species (particularly the potato) has been previously associated with gastrointestinal and neurological symptoms caused by solanaceous steroidal glycoalkaloids (SGAs). We report on two geographically, temporally disparate outbreaks of poisoning by susumber berries (Solanum torvum- Solanaceae) and on detection of alkaloids not present in non-toxic berries. Five family members in New York City participated in a traditional evening meal containing Jamaican susumber berries. All those consuming berries were symptomatic the following morning with varying degrees of gastrointestinal distress, dizziness, slurred speech, cranial nerve deficits, and ataxia. The most seriously afflicted patient developed hypertension, confusion, proximal upper extremity weakness, and hypercapnic respiratory failure requiring prolonged mechanical ventilation. A separate cohort of six patients in Toronto ate unripe Jamaican susumber berries. They presented 14 h post-ingestion with varying degrees of diarrhea, weakness, facial paralysis, slurred speech, ataxia, early hypertension, and proximal weakness. Two patients had ventilatory decompensation; one required intubation. Poisonous berries appeared indistinguishable from non-toxic varieties. We isolated solasonine, larger amounts of solamargine, and other steroidal glycoalkaloids in the toxic berry strains. S. torvum poisoning can produce significant neurological and gastrointestinal effects which appear to be mediated by SGAs present in the berries. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Changes in axonal excitability and burst pattern behaviour in synkinesis; Synkinesis after severe facial nerve paralysis has been related to the processes of aberrant reinnervation and increased excitability of the facial nucleus. We present the electrophysiological features of synkinesis in a 32-year-old woman who developed grouped 'myokymic-like' discharges with eye blinking in the absence of spontaneous muscle activity. With eye blinks, the interspike intervals of discharges in the orbicularis oris varied between 25-150 Hz, overlapping with rates of myokymia and neuromyotonia. Analysis of the discharge patterns in the present case suggests that synkinesis reflects aberrant regeneration with effects mediated by properties of axonal excitability that determine the burst pattern characteristics. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Veno-occlusive disease of the liver during induction therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Veno-occlusive disease (VOD) of the liver, also termed as sinusoidal obstruction syndrome, constitutes a well-known complication of high-dose cytoreductive chemotherapy prior to allogeneic or autologous bone marrow transplantation and is associated with the intensity of treatment [1]. On the contrary, there is only one report of VOD during induction therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a patient with Marfan syndrome, who was successfully treated with defibrotide [2]. In this article, we present the first fatal case of VOD during induction therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia. © 2008 The Japanese Society of Hematology.
Prednisolone and valaciclovir in Bell's palsy: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial; Background: Previous trials of corticosteroid or antiviral treatments for Bell's palsy have been underpowered or have had insufficient follow-up. The aim of this study was to compare the short-term and long-term effects of prednisolone and valaciclovir in the recovery of the affected facial nerve in a large number of patients. Methods: In this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial, patients aged 18 to 75 years who sought care directly or were referred from emergency departments or general practitioners within 72 h of onset of acute, unilateral, peripheral facial palsy, between May, 2001, and September, 2006, were assessed. Patients were randomly assigned in permuted blocks of eight to receive placebo plus placebo; 60 mg prednisolone per day for 5 days then reduced by 10 mg per day (for a total treatment time of 10 days) plus placebo; 1000 mg valaciclovir three times per day for 7 days plus placebo; or prednisolone (10 days) plus valaciclovir (7 days). Follow-up was for 12 months. The primary outcome event was time to complete recovery of facial function, as assessed with a regional Sunnybrook scale score of 100 points. Analysis was by modified intention to treat. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00510263. Findings: Of 839 patients who were randomly assigned, 829 were included in the modified intention-to-treat analysis: 206 received placebo plus placebo, 210 prednisolone plus placebo, 207 valaciclovir plus placebo, and 206 prednisolone plus valaciclovir. Time to recovery was significantly shorter in the 416 patients who received prednisolone compared with the 413 patients who did not (hazard ratio 1·40, 95% CI 1·18 to 1·64; p<0·0001). There was no difference in time to recovery between the 413 patients treated with valaciclovir and the 416 patients who did not receive valaciclovir (1·01, 0·85 to 1·19; p=0·90). The number of patients with adverse events was similar in all treatment arms. Interpretation: Prednisolone shortened the time to complete recovery in patients with Bell's palsy, whereas valaciclovir did not affect facial recovery. Funding: Uppsala University; GlaxoSmithKline (Sweden); Pfizer AB (Sweden); Acta Otolaryngologica Foundation; Rosa and Emanuel Nachmanssons Foundation; Stig and Ragna Gorthon Foundation; Torsten Birger Segerfalk Foundation; Margit Arstrups Foundation; County Council of Skåne; Helsinki University Central Hospital Research Funds. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pilomyxoid astrocytoma of the fourth ventricle in an adult; Pilomyxoid astrocytomas have been identified as a variant of pilocytic astrocytoma. They are listed as a novel clinico-pathological entity in the 2007 World Health Organisation (WHO) classification of tumours of the central nervous system. This tumour corresponds to a WHO grade II neoplasm whereas pilocytic astrocytoma corresponds to WHO grade I. We have encountered an infratentorial tumour with pilomyxoid features in an adult. A 25 year old man presented with tinnitus and hyperacusis. Brain MRI revealed a mass occupying the fourth ventricle. We performed partial resection, but no adjuvant therapy was given. The staining index for the anti-Ki-67 monoclonal antibody MIB-1 was less than 1% in this patient. Pilomyxoid astrocytomas are not limited to the hypothalamic/chiasmatic region in children. Additional knowledge and recognition of this entity is necessary to improve treatment of pilomyxoid astrocytoma. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Effect of needling the mimetic muscle on recovery of mimetic function in the patient of spontaneous facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe therapeutic effects of different acupuncture methods for recovery of mimetic function in the patient of spontaneous facial paralysis. METHODS: One hundred and thirty-four cases of facial paralysis were randomly divided into a mimetic muscle acupuncture group (mimetic muscle group, n = 79) and a routine acupoint group (n = 55). The mimetic muscle group were treated by encircling needling frontal belly of epicranial muscle, orbicular muscle of eye, orbicular muscle of mouth and buccinator muscle, and the routine acupoint group with acupuncture at Dicang (ST 4), Jiache (ST 6), Yangbai (GB 14), Sibai (ST 2), Cuanzhu (BL 2), etc. on the affected side. Their therapeutic effects were compared after they were treated for 2 courses. RESULTS: The effective rate and the good rate were 94.9% and 92.4% in the mimetic muscle group and 70.9% and 52.7% in the routine acupoint group, respectively, with a significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The therapeutic effect of needling the mimetic muscle on spontaneous facial paralysis is superior to that of the routine acupuncture therapy.
Update in infectious disease treatment; Studies published during the past year on the treatment of several infectious diseases provide valuable information that should enable us to treat our patients more effectively. Among those findings: • Oral vancomycin (Vancocin) is superior to oral metronidazole (Flagyl) for treating patients with severe Clostridium difficile-associated disease. • The risk of death from any cause may be higher with the use of cefepime (Maxipime) than with other beta-lactam antibiotics. • In patients presenting to primary care physicians with symptoms of acute maxillary sinusitis, antibiotics and topical nasal steroids do not seem to be effective, either alone or in combination. • For patients with Bell palsy, early treatment with prednisolone improves the chance of complete recovery; antiviral therapy may be indicated for patients with complete facial nerve paralysis. In patients undergoing chemotherapy for acute myelogenous leukemia or myelodysplasia, posaconazole (Noxafil) prevented fungal infections more effectively than fluconazole (Diflucan) or itraconazole (Sporanox) and improved overall survival. Anidulafungin (Eraxis) was not inferior to fluconazole in the treatment of invasive, candidiasis.
A large dumbbell glossopharyngeal schwannoma involving the vagus nerve: A case report and review of the literature; Introduction: Schwannoma arising from the glossopharyngeal nerve is a rare intracranial tumor. Fewer than 40 cases have been reported. Accurate pre-operative diagnosis and optimal treatment are still difficult. Case presentation: We present one case of schwannoma originating from the ninth cranial nerve with palsies of the trigeminal nerve, facial-acoustic nerve complex, and vagus nerve in addition to ninth nerve dysfunction. Magnetic resonance imaging showed tumors located in the cerebellopontine angle with extracranial extension via the jugular foramen, with evident enhancement on post-contrast scan. Surgical management single-staged with the help of gamma knife radiosurgery achieved total removal. Conclusion: Glossopharyngeal schwannoma is devoid of clinical symptoms and neurological signs. High resolution magnetic resonance imaging may play a key role as an accurate diagnostic tool. A favorable option of approach and appropriate planning of surgical strategy should be the goal of operation for this benign tumor. © 2008 Zhao et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Lenalidomide monotherapy in relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; Purpose: The major cause of death in aggressive lymphoma is relapse or nonresponse to initial therapy. Lenalidomide has activity in a variety of hematologic malignancies, including non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). We report the results of a phase II, single-arm, multicenter trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of lenalidomide oral monotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory aggressive NHL. Patients and Methods: Patients were treated with oral lenalidomide 25 mg once daily on days 1 to 21, every 28 days, for 52 weeks, until disease progression or intolerance. The primary end point was response; secondary end points included duration of response, progression-free survival (PFS), and safety. Results: Forty-nine patients with a median age of 65 years received lenalidomide in this study. The most common histology was diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (53%), and patients had received a median of four prior treatment regimens for NHL. An objective response rate of 35% was observed in 49 treated patients, including a 12% rate of complete response/unconfirmed complete response. Responses were observed in each aggressive histologic subtype tested (diffuse large B-cell, follicular center grade 3, mantle cell, and transformed lymphomas). Of patients with stable disease or partial response at first assessment, 25% improved with continued treatment. Estimated median duration of response was 6.2 months, and median PFS was 4.0 months. The most common grade 4 adverse events were neutropenia (8.2%) and thrombocytopenia (8.2%); the most common grade 3 adverse events were neutropenia (24.5%), leukopenia (14.3%), and thrombocytopenia (12.2%). Conclusion: Oral lenalidomide monotherapy is active in relapsed or refractory aggressive NHL, with manageable side effects. © 2008 by American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Effect of the early use of the anti-tumor necrosis factor adalimumab on the prevention of job loss in patients with early rheumatoid arthritis; Objective. To compare work disability and job loss in early rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients receiving adalimumab plus methotrexate (adalimumab + MTX) versus MTX alone. Methods. In this multicenter, randomized, controlled trial, patients with RA for <2 years who had never taken MTX and who self-reported work impairment were randomized to adalimumab + MTX or placebo + MTX for 56 weeks. Primary outcome was job loss of any cause and/or imminent job loss at or after week 16. Secondary outcomes included disease activity, function (Health Assessment Questionnaire [HAQ] score), and RA quality of life (RAQoL) questionnaire score. Work was evaluated with work diaries and the RA Work Instability Scale. Results. Although job loss during the 56-week study was significantly lower with adalimumab + MTX (14 of 75 patients) compared with MTX alone (29 of 73 patients; P = 0.005), the primary end point was not met (12 of 75 versus 20 of 73 patients; P = 0.092), likely owing to early drop out in the MTX group. There were significant improvements in American College of Rheumatology 20% response criteria, 28-joint Disease Activity Score, ΔHAQ, ΔRAQoL, and working time lost in the adalimumab + MTX group. Twenty-four serious adverse events were reported in 17 participants, with no differences between groups. Conclusion. Adalimumab + MTX reduced job loss and improved productivity in early RA when compared with MTX alone, which supports the early use of anti-tumor necrosis factor therapy and suggests its cost efficacy. © 2008, American College of Rheumatology.
Spinal subdural hematoma following tissue plasminogen activator treatment for acute ischemic stroke; A 49-year-old woman with an acute ischemic stroke was treated by the intravenous administration of tissue plasminogen activator within 2 h of symptom onset. She complained of severe upper thoracic back pain the following day. Progressive paraparesis was detected on the third admission day. Spinal MRI demonstrated an acute anterior subdural hematoma from the C7 to T2 level. An urgent laminectomy was performed. Neurologists must be aware of the possibility that neck or back pain after thrombolysis for ischemic stroke may be the first presenting symptom of spinal hematoma. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Medicinal treatment of Bell's palsy: Effect of prednisolone not sufficiently demonstrated; Bell's palsy is an acute idiopathic paralysis of the facial nerve. Antiviral drugs and corticosteroids have been suggested as treatment. Due to a lack of consistent, significant treatment effects in various studies, controversy has remained. Recently, a large randomised placebo-controlled, Scottish study concluded that corticosteroids significantly improve outcome in all patients with Bell's palsy. In our opinion the study had several considerable drawbacks. For instance, the results were not in accordance with the expected natural course. Also an analysis of the effect of treatment between patients with complete or incomplete Bell's palsy could not be made. A meta-analysis shows a significant effect of corticosteroids due to domination by the Scottish study. Therefore, we consider it inappropriate to treat all Bell's palsy patients with corticosteroids and patients with incomplete palsy should not be treated at all. More research is needed to clarify the role of corticosteroids in patients with complete Bell's palsy.
Monitoring vaccine safety using case series cumulative sum charts; We adapt the self-controlled case series method for routine surveillance of vaccine safety using cumulative sum (CUSUM) charts. The CUSUM surveillance method we propose is applicable for detecting associations that arise in a short pre-determined risk period following vaccination. The performance of the case series CUSUM is investigated through simulations. We illustrate the method using retrospective analyses of influenza vaccine and Bell's palsy, and MMR vaccine and febrile convulsions. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prospective Study Examining Remote Effects of Botulinum Toxin A in Children With Cerebral Palsy; We examined the remote effects on muscle strength and functional decline of lower-extremity botulinum toxin A injections in children with cerebral palsy. This prospective study enrolled 34 children (19 boys, 15 girls; mean age, 7.7 years) diagnosed with spastic cerebral palsy. Patients were examined at baseline and 1 month to determine if they experienced a change in upper-extremity strength (handheld dynamometry) or function (Pediatric Outcomes Data Collection Instrument). Subjects were analyzed in aggregate and by dosing group (low dose, 0-10 U/kg body weight; high dose, 11-25 U/kg) to determine if injection dose was associated with a change in remote muscle strength or function. We measured baseline and 1-month postinjection strength in shoulder flexor, shoulder abductor, elbow flexor, elbow extensor, and finger flexor muscles. None of these remote muscle groups was significantly weaker at 1 month after injection. No correlation was evident between change in muscle strength and toxin dose. These findings indicate that doses of botulinum toxin A in the lower extremities, at up to 21 U/kg, do not affect upper-extremity strength. This information can help guide dosages of botulinum toxin A in the management of spasticity in children with cerebral palsy. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Customised gold weight eyelid implantation in paralytic lagophthalmos; Gold eyelid implantation is widely considered the procedure of choice to reanimate the upper eyelid in paralytic lagophthalmos. Commercially supplied implants are not readily available in all places and are sometimes cumbersome to import. Objective: We aimed to devise a method whereby every surgeon performing gold eyelid implantation could have easy and quick access to the implant. Furthermore, we aimed to develop a means of creating an implant of the exact weight required for complete eyelid closure. Study design and setting: A prospective study was performed from 1997 to 2005 in a tertiary research hospital, involving 50 subjects requiring gold upper eyelid implantation and using the technique in question. Results: Only patients with a minimum follow up of one year were included in the study group. Symptoms improved in 96 per cent of subjects, who were able to dispense with eyedrops and eye ointments. Visual acuity improved in 92 per cent of patients. There were two extrusions amongst the early cases. Conclusion and significance: Customised gold eyelid implantation offers an alternative in regions where commercial implants are not easily obtained. © 2008 JLO (1984) Limited.
Lone atrial septal aneurysm with spontaneous echo contrast: An increased stroke risk; Aims: The etiology of stroke in young adults may be challenging. After preliminary investigations, a cause is not established in about one-third of patients. Cardiovascular embolism has been recognized as the cause of unexplained stroke or transient ischemic attack in a relevant number of young stroke patients. Materials and Methods: A 39-year-old right-handed woman was admitted to hospital with a left-side weakness of sudden onset. Her personal and family history were unremarkable except for several episodes of left arm weakness lasting for less than 10 minutes. On cranial magnetic resonance imaging, a right frontotemporal infarction was observed. Results: Laboratory work-up revealed normal clotting, thrombophilia and vasculitis screen. The transesophageal echocardiogram showed an atrial septal aneurysm with a large thrombus in the right atrium and spontaneous echo contrast inside the left atrium. The patient was started on anticoagulation. During the four-year follow-up she had no recurrence of stroke or transient ischemic attacks. Conclusions: An atrial septal aneurysm is a rare but well-recognized cardiac abnormality that is recently recognized as an occult cardiac source of cerebral embolism. Its association with spontaneous echo contrast presents a higher embolic risk. © TÜBİTAK.
Syphilis causing hearing loss; An HIV-positive man with hepatitis B co-infection, naïve to highly active antiretroviral therapy, with a CD4 of 594 copies/mL and HIV-1 viral load of 140,070 copies, presented with right-sided facial weakness and hearing loss. He had been treated for secondary syphilis three months earlier when his rapid plasma reagin (RPR) result was 1:16, this had fallen to neat. At presentation, his RPR had risen to 1:16 again. A magnetic resonance imaging scan showed enhancement of the internal auditory canal and right cochlea. His cerebrospinal fluid examination was normal. He was treated with acyclovir and prednisolone before the syphilis serology was known. He was then treated for syphilis with doxycycline. He made an excellent recovery.
Valacyclovir for the treatment of Bell's palsy; Despite recent evidence suggesting that Bell's palsy is associated with reactivation of alfa-herpes viruses, the disease has been treated empirically, and the use of valacyclovir has not been definitively established. In 2007, two prospective, randomised, placebo-controlled trials evaluating valacyclovir were reported in patients with Bell's palsy. One demonstrated that valacyclovir/prednisolone therapy was statistically more effective than placebo/prednisolone therapy in improving the recovery of patients with Bell's palsy, excluding zoster sine herpete. However, considering the cost-benefit ratio of this treatment and the limitations of virological diagnoses, we recommend that valacyclovir should be used in cases of severe palsy within 3 days after the onset of Bell's palsy. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Recurrent Bell's palsy in a young woman; Bell's palsy is a benign lower motor neuron facial nerve disorder. It is almost always unilateral. We report a 20-year-old nulliparous woman with five episodes of recurrent Bell's palsy. A review of recent medical literature revealed a paucity of case reports involving an individual with five episodes of recurrent Bell's palsy, with none found in Asian neurology medical literature. Despite the multiple episodes of Bell's palsy recurrences, the patient did not suffer much neurological sequelae from the disease.
Vaccines against epidemic and pandemic influenza; Background: Preventative vaccination is the most effective way to control epidemic and, perhaps, pandemic influenza viral infections. However, the immunogenicity and efficacy of influenza vaccines against epidemic strains are suboptimal among older adults. The risk of serious complications from influenza viral infection is compounded by co-morbid conditions among older adults. Furthermore, despite annual influenza vaccination campaigns, the vaccination rates in high risk populations range from 60.5 - 79.2% only [1]. In addition, H5N1 avian influenza viruses have the potential to cause pandemic. However, H5N1 vaccines currently licensed in the US are poorly immunogenic in high doses in the absence of an adjuvant even in healthy adults. Objectives: In this review, we address the current status of vaccines against epidemic and avian influenza viruses of pandemic potential. Methods: We have limited the review to the discussion of technologies and strategies that have progressed to human clinical trials and/or licensure for seasonal and pandemic influenza. Results/conclusion: Improving the immunogenicity of vaccines against avian influenza viruses, as well as aggressive programs to vaccinate high risk populations against seasonal and pandemic influenza, are crucial for our public health efforts in minimizing the impact of influenza epidemics or pandemics.
Recurrent audiovestibular disturbance initially mimicking Ménière's disease in a patient with anterior inferior cerebellar infarction; An anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) stroke is characterized by vertigo, tinnitus, and deafness in addition to facial weakness, hemiataxia, and hypalgesia. Sometimes, it can present as sudden deafness with vertigo, without brainstem or cerebellar signs. We report a 55-year-old woman with hypertension and diabetes, showing recurrent audiovestibular disturbance before a typical pattern of AICA infarction, which was initially diagnosed as Ménière's disease. In elderly patients with recurrent hearing loss and vertigo lasting several minutes, lack classic brainstem or cerebellar signs, if they have vascular risk factors, physicians may also consider the potential symptom of AICA infarction. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008.
Focal presentation of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy: First manifestation of human immunodeficiency virus infection; Introduction. Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) is a subacute demyelinating disorder of central nervous system caused by an opportunistic papovavirus infection of oligodendroglial cells, the JC virus. This virus remains latent in the human host. Their antibodies are detectable in 70% of healthy adult subjects. It is reactivated by different diseases and medical therapies impairing cellular immunity. Clinical case. A 35 year-old man, smoker, allergic to penicillin and derivatives, with a history of endovenous drug abuse, was admitted to Neurology Department due to a progressive left facial palsy and hand weakness. An alteration in the cellular immune ratio (CD4/CD8 0.07) and a positive human immunodeficiency virus serology were demonstrated. Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) was started. A unique wide hyperintense subcortical right temporoparietal lobe lesion was shown by a cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), suggesting a differential diagnosis between PLM and low grade glial tumor. Cerebrospinal fluid study was normal and the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) was negative for JC virus. A steroataxic cerebral biopsy was made in order to establish a correct diagnosis due to patient's age and the good response to treatment. The pathology study showed changes suggestive of PLM and a positive-PCR test for JC virus. Discussion. We report this case to suggest that invasive diagnosis methods may be useful to differentiate between PLM and low grade glial tumors and to establish a correct prognosis. HAART is becoming a good treatment option because it seems to make long term survival longer, as is the case of this patient who is practically asymptomatic after more than 2 years of evolution.
Management of vestibular schwannomas: Current state of the art; Background: Vestibular schwannomas (VS) have always been a great challenge for neurosurgeons. The evolution of surgical management of VS is parallel of the history of the development of modern neurosurgery. Gamma knife surgery (GKS) is becoming a standard treatment for small or middle size VS while microsurgery remains the effective treatment of the large tumours. The combinations of the two techniques offer a big chance to preserve facial function in Koos IV VS. Material and methods: The Marseille SRS experience includes 2150 patients, with more than 1000 patients having follow-up longer than 3 years. In this series the Koos classification was: stage I 9%, stage II 55.5%, stage III 287 31% and stage IV 4.5%. The average volume was 12.7 mm3. Hearing was useful (Gardner and Robertson) before radiosurgery in 47% of the patients (subnormal in 20.3%). Results: A long-term tumour control rate of 97%. Globally, a clinical trigeminal injury was observed in 0.6% of the patients and transient facial palsy lower than 1%. There was clearly a decrease of the incidence of neuropathies with time, and a probability of functional hearing preservation between 50 and 95%, depending on preoperative parameters, was achieved in this large series of patients treated by state-of-the-art GKS. Other parameters such as long-term complications, type 2 neurofibromatosis, the influence of tumour characteristics and the treatment of the residual or recurrent VS after microsurgery are reviewed and detailed. Conclusion: Today, strong evidence supports the superiority of GKS in terms of functional preservation and equal efficacy compared with microsurgical removal. Consequently, radiosurgery must be preferred as a first intention choice for young patients with few symptoms presenting with a small to middle size VS (Koos I to III). Only large Koos IV remained first line indication for microsurgery. The combined approach should provide these patients with a major reduction of risks, particularly in terms of rate of facial palsy.
Gamma knife surgery for idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia targeting the neurovascular contact zone: The Cairo International Medical Centre initial experience; Objective: Gamma knife radiosurgery is being increasingly performed in the management of patients with medically unresponsive idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia (ITN). The purpose of this study is to assess initial outcomes in patients treated with gamma knife surgery (GKS) for ITN unresponsive to pharmacologic treatment or previous invasive procedures. Method: Eighteen patients with ITN unresponsive to pharmacologic treatment and/or previous invasive procedures underwent stereotactic GKS targeting the neurovascular contact (NVC) zone in Gamma Knife Centre, International Medical Centre in Cairo, Egypt. Follow-up period ranged between 6 - 28 months. Six patients categorized their pain as group I: excellent response, 6 patients as group II: good response, 3 patients as group III: fair response and 4 patients as group IV: poor response. The treatment was successful in 15 patients (groups I and II had complete relief and group III had partial relief), 83% of the studied cases. The time of pain relief ranged betwaen 1 - 3 months. All the 18 patients in our study had NVC that was proven and detected in the 3D-T2-MRI sequence and was the gamma knife target point for treatment. Side effects seem to be limited to sensory impairment that is usually mild in intensity and occurred in only 3 patients in our study. Conclusions: Gamma knife surgery is a safe and effective treatment for ITN unresponsive to pharmacologic treatment and/or previous invasive procedures.
Zoledronic acid markedly improves bone mineral density for patients with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance and bone loss; Purpose: Patients with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance (MGUS) have increased rates of bone resorption, osteopenia, osteoporosis, and risk of fractures. This study was undertaken to determine the efficacy and safety of zoledronic acid for patients with MGUS and enhanced bone loss. Experimental Design: In this phase II open-label study, 54 patients with MGUS and osteopenia or osteoporosis were administered zoledronic acid 4 mg i.v. at 0, 6, and 12 months. The primary efficacy end point was bone mineral density, assessed usinga dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan in the lumbar (L)-spine done at screening and at 13 months (1 month after the final zoledronic acid infusion). Results: At study end for all patients (N = 54), L-spine T-scores improved by a median of +0.27 (range, -0.38 to +3.91), corresponding to a median increase in bone mineral density of +15.0% (range, -18.0% to +1,140.0%; P < 0.0001). Hip T-scores improved by a median of +0.10 (range, -2.40 to +2.03), correspondingt o a median increase of +6.0% (range, -350.0% to +165.0%). During the study, no new fractures, osteonecrosis of the jaw, or significant renal adverse events were reported. Conclusions: Zoledronic acid administered i.v. at a dosage of 4 mg every 6 months for three doses total was well-tolerated and substantially improved bone mineral density for patients with MGUS and bone loss. Zoledronic acid may be effective for the prevention of new fractures in this high-risk population. © 2008 American Association for Cancer Research.
Facial nerve sacrifice and radiotherapy in parotid adenoid cystic carcinoma; Objectuves: To evaluate the impact of facial nerve sacrifice and postoperative radiotherapy on the outcome of adenoid cystic carcinoma of the parotid gland. Study Design: Inception cohort. Methods: Retrospective review of Department of Pathology, SNOMED database, and Tumor Registry including health-related quality of life data for the subset enrolled in the longitudinal Outcomes Assessment Project. Fisher exact, χ2, and Wilcoxon tests were used to determine significant differences. Results: Fifty-two cases (follow-up mean: 9.1 years, range: 0.5-40.8 years) demonstrated local control rates of 84.6% (5 years), 76.9% (10 years), and 50% (20 years). Compared with facial nerve preservation, facial nerve sacrifice had better control at 5 years (100 vs. 78.9% P=.259) while having detrimental effects on eating, speech, and esthetics. Local control at 5 years was significantly better (P=.048) with postoperative radiotherapy (100%) than without (84.6%). Overall survival was 79.4% (5 years), 50% (10 years), and 32.3% (20 years). At 10 years, there was a trend toward improved survival with facial nerve sacrifice (58.8 vs. 46.8%, P=.569) and postoperative radiotherapy (62.4 vs. 39.3%, P=.409). Eleven patients with lung metastases survived an average of 67.8 months after metastases were identified. Only 4 of 46 patients NO patients (8.3%) subsequently developed lymph node metastases. Conclusion: Selective facial nerve sacrifice was associated with trends toward improved local control and survival but worse quality of life. Patients managed with postoperative radiotherapy had better local control rates than those without. NO patients rarely developed metastases to regional lymph nodes. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Primary central nervous system marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of the basal ganglia mimicking low-grade glioma: A case report and review of the literature; Primary central nervous system (CNS) marginal zone B-cell lymphoma (MZBL) is very rare and shows an indolent disease course with potential of being cured. It seems to originate from meningothelial cells, and the most common site of occurrence is the dura of the cerebral convexity. Primary CNS MZBL is often misdiagnosed as meningioma because of its similar tumor locations and appearances on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and combinations of these are considered treatment modalities depending on the case. Herein, we describe an 18-year-old man who presented with acute onset of right-sided central facial nerve palsy, right-sided hemiparesis with motor power grade 4+, dizziness, and dysarthria. After an MRI scan of the brain, wherein he was first diagnosed with high-grade glioma, a biopsy sample showed that he had primary CNS MZBL arising in the left basal ganglia. He was treated with radiation therapy, which resulted in complete remission for 1 year and 10 months up to the date of this case report. It is important to diagnose primary CNS MZBL correctly because it is curable without unnecessary invasive treatment in cases of localized disease.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve in individuals with Bell's palsy; Objectives: To describe the electrophysiologic changes existing in individuals with Bell's palsy (BP) on the facial nerve having been stimulated by means of transcraneal magnetic stimulation (TMS), and to establish the reference values in healthy individuals belonging to the Mexican population. Material and methods: The present paper is an experimental, transverse, observational and descriptive study were the facial nerve was stimulated bilaterally in 38 BP patients and in 38 healthy individuals by means of EMT, registering the motor action potentials (MAP) by transcutaneous recording electrodes placed on four facial ipsilateral muscles to the stimulated side. The equipment used was a MagPro R30 magnetic stimulator with 2 Teslas of maximum intensity. Results: In the BP patients the typical finding was the significant decrease of the MAP's amplitudes (p ≤ 0.001) in the side affected in all the registry sites; the MAP's latencies did not show statistically significant prolongation in the affected side of the patients with PB in comparison with the obtained ones in the control group. Conclusions. We established the reference values of the facial nerve EMT in the Mexican population and that the preponderant finding in the patients with PB is the significant decrease or MAP's absence in the affected side.
Recurrent facial nerve palsy associated with anti-GQ1b IgG antibodies; Recurrent facial nerve palsy (RFNP) in childhood is usually considered to be a benign disorder. We report a 13-year-old female affected with RFNP in the absence of other neurologic signs, in which elevated serum IgG and IgM anti-GQ1b antibodies were detected. To our knowledge, this is the first example in the literature of RFNP, associated with anti-GQ1b IgG antibodies. The possible role of anti-GQ1b antibodies in isolated cranial neuropathy is discussed. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Outcome of frontal lobe epilepsy surgery in adults; Our aim is to investigate seizure outcome and prognostic factors after pure frontal lobe epilepsy (FLE) surgery. We retrospectively studied the operative outcome in 97 consecutive adult patients who underwent resective surgery for intractable partial epilepsy between 1991 and 2005. Based on Kaplan-Meier, the probability of an Engel Class I outcome was found to be 54.6% (95% CI 44-64) at 6 months, 49.5% (95% CI 39.3-59.6) at 2 years, 47% (CI 34-59) at 5 years and 41.9% (CI 23.5-60.3) at 10 years. If the patient was seizure free at 2-year follow-up, the probability of remaining seizure free up to 10 years was 86% (95% CI 76-98). For 13.6% of the patients a running down of seizures could be shown. Factors predictive of poor long-term outcome were incomplete resection, using of subdural grids, IED in follow-up EEG, tonic seizures and an unspecific aura or a postoperative aura. Factors predictive of good long-term outcome were the presence of a well-circumscribed lesion in preoperative MRI, ipsilateral IED in preoperative EEG, surgery before age of 30 and short epilepsy duration prior to surgery. In the multivariate analysis, preoperative well-circumscribed lesion in MRI predicts seizure remission whereas persistent postoperative auras predict seizure relapse. FLE surgery should depend on restrictive patient selection to assure favorable outcome. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Temporal change of 3-T magnetic resonance imaging/angiography during symptomatic cerebral hyperperfusion following superficial temporal artery-middle cerebral artery anastomosis in a patient with adult-onset moyamoya disease; Superficial temporal artery-middle cerebral artery (STA-MCA) anastomosis is a safe and effective treatment for moyamoya disease, although recent evidence suggests its substantial risk for symptomatic cerebral hyperperfusion. The diagnostic value of single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) for postoperative hyperperfusion in moyamoya patients is well established, but that of magnetic resonance (MR) imaging/angiography is undetermined. A 22-year-old woman with hemorrhagic-onset moyamoya disease underwent STA-MCA anastomosis on the right hemisphere, but she suffered from transient left hemiparesis and facial paresis owing to cerebral hyperperfusion from 3 to 11 days after surgery as delineated by SPECT. The time-sequential 3-T MR angiography revealed intense high signal of donor STA and dilated branches of MCA around the site of the anastomosis. These findings were most prominent at 8 days after surgery, when her neurologic signs were most apparent. Intensive blood pressure control relieved her symptom and she was discharged without neurologic deficit. MR findings normalized 3 months later. The characteristic findings of 3-T MR angiography, which was not evident by 1.5-T MR angiography in the previous studies, may reflect intrinsic pathology of postoperative cerebral hyperperfusion. It could be a useful diagnostic tool after revascularization surgery for moyamoya disease. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Pain and neuroborreliosis. Significance, diagnosis and treatment; Lyme neuroborreliosis is a tick-borne infection of the central nervous system caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. The most frequent manifestation of neuroborreliosis in Europe is meningoradiculitis or Bannwarth's syndrome. One of its hallmarks is intense, lancinating, radicular pain, especially at night. Its characteristics are rather different to other forms of neuropathic pain in respect to the dynamics, localisation and therapeutic responses. This review therefore summarises not only the general symptoms, diagnostic procedures and therapy of Lyme neuroborreliosis, but also revises the characteristics and therapeutic options of painful meningoradiculitis in Bannwarth's syndrome. © 2008 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Lip muscle training in stroke patients with dysphagia; Conclusion. Training with an oral screen can improve lip force (LF) and swallowing capacity (SC) in stroke patients with oropharyngeal dysphagia, irrespective of the duration of pretreatment of dysphagia, and irrespective of the presence or absence of central facial paresis. It is more plausible that treatment results are attributable to sensory motor stimulation and the plasticity of the central nervous system than to the training of the lip muscles per se. Objectives. A close relationship has been demonstrated between LF and SC in stroke patients whether or not they are affected by facial paresis. It is not known how training of lip function can improve swallowing capacity. The present study was therefore designed to ascertain: (i) if training with an oral screen can improve the LF and SC of stroke patients with oropharyngeal dysphagia; to establish (ii) if improvement in LF and SC is connected with the presence or absence of central facial palsy, (iii) on the interval between stroke onset and initiation of treatment, (iv) on age, or (v) on sex. Subjects and methods. This was a retrospective study of 30 stroke patients, 49-88 years old, who were investigated with a Lip Force Meter, LF100 (LF100) and a swallowing capacity test (SCT) before and after a period of self-training lasting at least 5-8 weeks, using an oral screen. Initial central facial paresis was present in 24 patients. Results. The median LF was 7 Newtons (N) (range 0-27) before treatment and 18.5 N (range 7-44) after treatment (p < 0.001). The median SC was 0 ml/s (range 0-9.1) before treatment and 12.1 ml/s (range 0-36.7) at follow-up (p < 0.001). There was no significant difference in swallowing improvement between patients with versus those without facial paresis. The interval between stroke attack and start of treatment, ranging from a few days up to 10 years, had no significant influence on the treatment results, nor did age or sex. The facial paresis was improved or at least ameliorated in all patients after the lip training period. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. (Informa Healthcare, Taylor & Francis As).
Coexistence of acoustic neuroma and pineal region tumor in patient with sudden deafness; Introduction. Acoustic neuroma usually presents as an unilateral tumor, seldom - bilateral and rarely in coexistence with other central nervous system neoplasms. The following paper reports such a case of a 21-year-old male patient presented with sudden deafness in left ear accompanied with tinnitus and vertigo. Symptoms started 4 weeks prior hospitalization. Their aggravation has been observed 7 days before admission to the hospital. Audiometry revealed moderate sensorineural hearing loss in left ear (for low and middle frequencies), brainstem auditory evoked potentials were absent on the left side and ENG examination showed left peripheral vestibular impairment. Initially patient received i.v. vasodilatators showing 20-25 dB improvement in low frequencies after 3 days of treatment. MRI study revealed in the left internal acoustic meatus mass (7 × 7 × 14 mm) suggesting acoustic neuroma and an oval mass (7 × 9 × 14 mm) in the pineal gland presenting radiological features of pinealoma. Patient has been qualified for neurosurgical treatment. Acoustic neuroma has been removed by suboccipital approach and pinealoma has been left for further observation as it was found incidentally. Histopathological examination confirmed diagnosis of left VIII nerve schwannoma. The left facial palsy (House-Brackmann III/IV grade) and profound hearing loss appeared after surgery. The postoperative course shows no evidence of acoustic neuroma recurrence. © 2008 by Polskie Towarzystwo Otorynolaryngologów - Chirurgów Głowy i Szyi.
Acquisition and classification of three-dimensional facial characters; Three dimensional character acquisition of complicated facial modality is needed in clinical environment, and multi-characteristic variables need to be analyzed according to statistics methods. Three-dimensional (3D) face acquisition and three-dimensional character selection method based on reverse engineering is proposed in this article. Three-dimensional facial data of thirty undergraduates was used to classify 3D face of four characteristic variables. K-Means Cluster Analysis of Statistics and analyses was used to determine the number of the group. Discriminant analysis was used to structure the function of each group so as to determine the classification of random face. Results showed that the precision of 3D face acquisition was 0.02-0.2 mm with the method of this paper, and 3D face could be statistical analyzed. The model of this paper is a useful method for face plastic surgery, facial paralysis, facial surgical evaluation and rehabilitation design.
Clinical experience of the dynamic stabilization system for the degenerative spine disease; Objective: The aim of the present study was to assess the safety and efficacy of the dynamic stabilization system in the treatment of degenerative spinal diseases. Methods: The study population included 20 consecutive patients (13 females, 7 males) with a mean age of 61±6.98 years (range 46-70) who underwent decompression and dynamic stabilization with the Dynesys system between January 2005 and August 2006. The diagnoses included spinal stenosis with degenerative spondylolisthesis (9/20, 45%), degenerative spinal stenosis (5/20, 25%), adjacent segmental disease after fusion (3/20, 15%), spinal stenosis with degenerative scoliosis (2/ 20, 10%) and recurrent intervertebral lumbar disc herniation (1/20, 5%). All of the patients completed the visual analogue scale (VAS) and the Korean version of the Oswestry Disability Index (ODI). The following radiologic parameters were measured in all patients: global lordotic angles and segmental lordotic angles (stabilized segments, above and below adjacent segments). The range of motion (ROM) was then calculated. Results: The mean follow-up period was 27.25±5.16 months (range 16-35 months), and 19 patients (95%) were available for follow-up. One patient had to have the implant removed. There were 30 stabilized segments in 19 patients. Monosegmental stabilization was performed in 9 patients (47.3%), 9 patients (47.3%) underwent two segmental stabilizations and one patient (5.3%) underwent three segmental stabilizations. The most frequently treated segment was L4-5 (15/30, 50%), followed by L3-4 (12/30, 40%) and L5-S1 (3/30, 10%). The VAS decreased from 8.55±1.21 to 2.20±1.70 (p<0.001), and the patients' mean score on the Korean version of the ODI improved from 79.58%±15.93% to 22.17%±17.24% (p<0.001). No statistically significant changes were seen on the ROM at the stabilized segments (p=0.502) and adjacent segments (above segments, p=0.453, below segments, p=0.062). There were no patients with implant failure. Conclusion: The results of this study show that the Dynesys system could preserve the motion of stabilized segments and provide clinical improvement in patients with degenerative spinal stenosis with instability. Thus, dynamic stabilization systems with adequate decompression may be an alternative surgical option to conventional fusion in selected patients.
Spinal subdural hemorrhage as a cause of post-traumatic delirium; A 64-year-old man with TBI was admitted to our institute. In following days, he showed unusual behavior of agitation, restlessness, emotional instability and inattention. Post-traumatic delirium was tentatively diagnosed, and donepezil was given for his cognitive dysfunction. Although there was partial relief of agitation, he sustained back pain despite medication. Lumbar magnetic resonance image revealed SDH along the whole lumbar spine, and surgical drainage was followed. Postoperatively, his agitation disappeared and further medication was discontinued. We report a unique case of post-traumatic delirium in a patient with concomitant TBI and spinal subdural hemorrhage (SDH) that resolved with operative drainage of spinal hemorrhage.
Wegener's granulomatosis mimicking invasive fungal rhinosinusitis; Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is a relatively rare disease characterized by necrotizing granulomatous vasculitis of the upper and lower respiratory tract and glomerulonephritis. The clinical presentation of WG can be so diverse. Therefore the list of differential diagnosis is vast. We describe here a 46-year-old male patient with severe headache and fever following saddle nose deformity operation and medpor implantation. Although the patient had no risk factors for invasive fungal rhinosinusitis (IFR) such as immunosuppression or diabetes, the macroscopic examination of the nasal cavity and pathologic examination of biopsy specimen was relevant with IFR. No fungi was examined or isolated from the biopsy specimen. Detailed investigation for other grenulomatous pathologic conditions revealed C-ANCA positivity. The patient was diagnosed as WG and treated with cyclophosphamide and corticosteroids for six weeks. The patient was discharged in a good condition and recovered with this treatment. We report this case to alert physicians to the significance of considering the unusual clinicopathological features of Wegener's granulomatosis in complicated 'difficult-to-diagnose' febrile patients.
Primary T-cell CNS lymphoma presenting with leptomeningeal spread and neurolymphomatosis; Primary CNS lymphoma (PCNSL), a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is confined to the brain, is usually of B-cell origin. Primary leptomeningeal lymphoma, regardless of T or B-cell origin, is an unusual site of presentation. Out of 100 consecutive PCNSL patients that we have followed up in our center during the last 10 years, five had T-cell lymphoma (5%). All presented with leptomeningeal involvement as the sole manifestation and four of them presented with neuronal lymphomatosis. Presenting symptoms included signs of elevated intracranial pressure with 6th nerve palsy; headache and bilateral 3rd nerve palsy; mononeuritis multiplex and unilateral hearing loss; bilateral 7th nerve paralysis and bilateral uveitis. Because neither the CSF nor the MRI were indicative, meningeal or nerve biopsies were required for conclusive diagnosis. Four patients died 10-19 months from disease onset and one patient is alive 36 months following the diagnosis. We conclude that T-cell PCNSL can present as an isolated leptomeningeal involvement which may be associated with neurolymphomatosis affecting cranial and peripheral nerves. These manifestations mimic other neurological conditions such as pseudotumor cerebri or vasculitis. Diagnosis is difficult and, as a result, frequently delayed. This calls for early consideration of meningeal or nerve biopsy whenever CSF findings are inconclusive. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. 2008.
Transvenous embolization with a combination of detachable coils and Onyx for a complicated cavernous dural arteriovenous fistula; Background: Treatment of cavernous dural arteriovenous fistulas (DAVF) is usually made by a transarterial approach. However, in many complicated patients, treatments via transarterial approaches can not be achieved, and only an operation via a transvenous approach is feasible. We aimed to study the feasibility of transarterial embolization of cavernous dural arteriovenous fistulas with a combination detachable coils and Onyx to embolize a complicated cavernous DAVF via a transvenous approach. Methods: From August 2006 to August 2007, six cases of complicated cavernous DAVF were embolized with a combination of detachable coils and Onyx via a transvenous approach. Three cases were male and the other three were female. Their ages ranged from 36 to 69 years old. The fistula was in the right lateral cavernous sinus in one case, in the left lateral cavernous sinus in another, and in the bilateral cavernous sinus in 4 cases. One fistula was fed by the right internal carotid artery and its meningohypophyseal trunk; one was fed by the branches of the left internal carotid artery and left external carotid artery; four were fed by the branches of the bilateral internal carotid artery and/or the bilateral external carotid artery. One case was drained via one lateral inferior petrosal sinus; three were drained via bilateral inferior petrosal sinuses; one was drained via one lateral ophthalmic and facial veins; one was drained via the inferior petrosal sinus and the ophthalmic and facial veins. Four were embolized via the inferior petrosal sinus, and two were embolized via the ophthalmic and facial veins. Results: Among six cases of complicated cavernous DAVF, four were fully embolized with Onyx by a single operation, and two cases were fully embolized with Onyx following two operations. Transient headache was found after operation in all patients, but was cured after several days by the symptomatic treatments. In one case, the first operation via the inferior petrosal sinus was a failure; the feeding branches of the external carotid artery were embolized, and transient facial palsy was appeared after operation. The fistula was fully embolized with Onyx via the inferior petrosal sinus after two months with no complications. One bilateral cavernous sinus DAVF was embolized with Onyx via the inferior petrosal sinus by two operations, and transient abducens nerve palsy occurred after embolization. Conclusions: Because Onyx may be injected via a transvenous approach and the microcatheter is easily withdrawn, cavernous sinus via transvenous catheterization and embolization is a safe and efficient way to treat complicated cavernous dural arteriovenous fistulas, especially those for which operations via transarterial approaches have failed, or spontaneous cavernous dural arteriovenous fistulas.
Craniofacial neuralgias; Craniofacial neuralgias are characterized by sudden paroxysmal pain along the distribution of one or more of the cranial or upper cervical spinal nerves. The most significant neuralgia of the craniofacial region is trigeminal neuralgia, while geniculate neuralgia, glossopharyngeal neuralgia and occipital neuralgia are less common. Trigeminal neuralgia may be primary or secondary. Idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia or tic douloureux has been recognized for centuries as an extremely painful disorder most commonly involving the maxillary nerve. Recurrent lancinating, shocklike unilateral pain lasting for seconds to minutes is provoked by non noxious stimulation of the skin at specific sites around the face and less frequently by movement of the tongue. The trigger zones are usually within the same dermatome as the painful sensation. After each episode, there is usually a refractive period during which stimulation of the trigger zone will not induce pain. Idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia occurs somewhat more frequently in women and usually begins in individuals 50 to 70 years of age. There is no pain between attacks, and the frequency of painful episodes can range from several per day to only a few per year. With time, the features may become more atypical, with greater areas of more enduring and dull pain and occasionally bilateral pain, rarely on both sides simultaneously. No sensory or reflex deficit is detectable by routine neurologic testing. Diagnostic local anesthetic blocks will identify the specific nerves involved and the trigger point distribution. Neurologic and neuroradiologic examination is advised in all cases to rule out diseases such as intracranical tumors, vascular malformations or multiple sclerosis.
Protective effects of edaravone against ischemia-induced facial palsy; Objective: The protective effect of edaravone, an inhibitor of reactive oxygen species (ROS), against the development of ischemia-induced facial palsy was investigated. Methods: Experimental ischemic facial palsy was induced by interruption of the petrosal artery (PA) in guinea pigs. The application of edaravone was carried out by daily intraperitoneal injection for 1 week. The behavioral facial movement, fluorescence intensity of ROS, and morphological changes were investigated. Results: Edaravone injection from immediately after PA interruption significantly reduced dihydrotetramethylrosamine fluorescence intensity (indicative of ROS) in the facial nerve of the interrupted ear and attenuated the development of ischemia-induced facial palsy. Edaravone injection from the 2nd day following PA interruption also reduced the incidence of facial palsy. Light and electron microscopy revealed that edaravone application tended to prevent the degenerative changes of the facial nerve caused by ischemia. Conclusions: Edaravone suppressed the production of ROS and had a remarkable protective effect against the development of mild to moderate facial palsy. Morphologically, nerve damage was also decreased by edaravone injection. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Peripheral Type Facial Palsy in a Patient with Dorsolateral Medullary Infarction with Infranuclear Involvement of the Caudal Pons; The corticobulbar tract fibers descend near the corticospinal tract, mostly to the upper medulla, where they decussate and ascend in the dorsolateral medulla to connect with the contralateral facial nucleus. Therefore, central type facial palsy can be present in patients with ipsilateral dorsolateral upper medullar lesion. We describe a 71-year-old man with lateral medullary infarction who showed ipsilateral peripheral type facial palsy. Brain diffusion-weighted image showed hyperintensities on the left dorsolateral portion of upper medulla and adjacent inferomedial tegmentum of the lower pons. Transfemoral cerebral angiography depicted prominence of ipsilateral posterior inferior cerebellar artery with focal stenosis. Left posterior inferior cerebellar artery might supply the inferolateral tegmentum of the lower pons, which is usually supplied from anterior inferior cerebellar artery. The peripheral type facial palsy in our patient may have resulted from facial infranuclear involvement of the caudal pons extended from dorsolateral upper medullary lesion in ascending pathway of corticobulbar tract fibers. © 2008 National Stroke Association.
Parotidectomy: Preoperative investigations and outcomes in a single surgeon practice; Background: The aim of this study was to assess the value of fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) as a preoperative evaluation for parotid tumours. Methods: Prospectively collected data on 77 patients, collected on a parotid database, were retrospectively analysed. Preoperative investigations were carried out and cytology, histopathology and clinical outcomes were evaluated. Results: The most common histopathology was benign lesions (89.6%), including pleomorphic adenoma (55.8%) and Warthin's tumour (11.7%). Melanoma (3.9%) and lymphoma (2.6%) were the commonest malignancies. Preoperative investigations included FNAC in 72 of the 77 patients (93.5%). FNAC had a sensitivity and specificity for benign tumours of 92.3 and 75%, respectively. FNAC for malignant tumours had a sensitivity of 75% and specificity of 93.8%. FNAC accurately diagnosed cell type in 85.9% of specimens for benign lesions, but only 50% for malignancy. Complications included wound infections (10.4%), salivary fistulas (6.5%) and temporary partial facial palsies in six patients (7.8%). Conclusion: We conclude FNAC assists in preoperative assessment and surgical planning for parotidectomy. This confirms the usefulness of FNAC as a preoperative assessment of parotid masses. © 2008 The Authors.
Patients' perspectives on the ocular symptoms of facial paralysis after gold weight implantation; Upper lid loading for the treatment of lagophthalmos resulting from facial paralysis is a simple and effective procedure with relatively few side effects and complications. A detailed patient-based self assessment, focusing on subjective complaints after upper lid weight implantation is scarce. In this study, a population of facial palsy patients with lid weights is asked about their subjective complaints in order to find out the patients' point of view. Patients with upper lid weights were asked questions indicating the degree of soreness, tearing, redness, visual acuity, lid closing during the day, lid closing during sleep, aesthetic appearance, artificial tear utilisation and outdoor comfort. All questions were evaluated by an analogue scale in reference to the opposite eye, where a score of '10' corresponds to the best outcome (no symptoms at all or appearance comparable to the contralateral eye) and a score of '1' corresponds to the worst outcome. Thirty patients filled in the questionnaire and 22 of them were seen in the outpatient clinic. The most pleasing result was obtained in the lid closing during the day (score 8.8 ± 1.9), during sleep (7.7 ± 3.0) and in the aesthetic appearance of the eye (score 7.6 ± 2.7), whereas visual acuity received the lowest score (score 5.7 ± 1.5). Complication and re-operation rates were 23% and 13%, respectively. In conclusion, upper lid weights solve the problem they are used to address. They provide a satisfactory lid closure and aesthetic appearance in the patients' point of view. However, the ocular symptoms of facial paralysis still persist to some extent and the procedure is not without its complications. © 2007 British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons.
Facial nerve motor-evoked potential monitoring during skull base surgery predicts facial nerve outcome; Objective: To determine whether monitoring facial nerve motor-evoked potentials (FNMEPs) elicited by transcranial electrical stimulation during skull base tumour surgery is useful for predicting facial nerve outcome. Methods: This study analysed FNMEP findings in 26 patients with skull base tumours. Corkscrew electrodes positioned at C3 or C4 and Cz were used to deliver supramaximal stimuli (180-550 V). FNMEPs were recorded from the orbicularis oculi and oris muscles. The correlation between the final-to-baseline FNMEP ratio and postoperative facial nerve function was examined. Results: Postoperative facial nerve function correlated significantly with the FNMEP ratios in the orbicularis oculi (p = 0.004) and orbicularis oris (p<0.001) muscles. An FNMEP ratio of <50% consistently predicted immediate postoperative facial palsy, although the degree of palsy differed among patients. All patients had satisfactory facial nerve function (House and Brackmann grades I and II) postoperatively if the FNMEP ratio remained at >50%. Conclusions: Intraoperative FNMEP monitoring can be useful for predicting facial nerve function after skull base surgery. This new method is a valuable adjunct to conventional facial nerve monitoring.
Preventing and Managing the Side Effects of Isotretinoin; Isotretinoin (13-cis-retinoic acid) is widely used for the treatment of severe acne as well as for disorders of conification, for psoriasis, and for skin cancer prevention. As a member of the retinoid family, it has a wide spectrum of side effects, including reproductive, cutaneous, ocular, neurological, musculoskeletal, and hepatic. As long as patients are able to tolerate these side effects, it can be a very effective treatment option. This article examines both the most common and the most concerning side effects as well as ways in which providers and patients may best manage them to be able to benefit from isotretinoin treatment. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of acupuncture in a patient with 7-year-history of Bell's palsy; Objectives: To demonstrate the effect of acupuncture in a child with chronic Bell's palsy of 7 years duration. Subject: A 15-year-old girl had Bell's palsy for 7 years and did not respond to steroid treatment in the acute phase. On examination, her eyes were asymmetric, with the right eye smaller. Muscle contracture was noted around the right nasalis. She had synkinesis (i.e., when she blinked, there was involuntary twitching of her mouth at the right side). She showed marked facial distortion when puffing out cheeks, smiling, and raising her eyebrows. The tip of her tongue was swollen with red spikes. House-Brackmann facial nerve grading system (HBS) before treatment was grade 4. Treatment: Patient was given 25 acupuncture treatment sessions in 2 months. Local acupuncture points used were: LI20, ST2, ST3, ST4, ST6, ST7, SI18, BL2, TE17, TE23, GB14, GV26, CV24, EX-HN5, and EX-HN16; distant points used were: LI11, ST36, ST40, SP6, SP10, HT8, SI3, BL67, PC8, TE5, and LR3. About 10 points were selected from the above set in each session with needles inserted to elicit the de qi response. The patient was asked to report any change in muscle strength or any differences noted after each acupuncture session. Photographs and videos were taken for blind assessors to comment on. Result: The patient rated an overall improvement of 60-70%. Self-perceived muscle strength when smiling and puffing out cheeks increased from 20% of normal strength to 65%, and the strength when raising eyebrows increased from 10% to 70%. Synkinesis was attenuated. Photographs and videos showed improvement in facial asymmetry. HBS changed to grade 3 after treatment. Conclusions: Our study showed that acupuncture can be effective in improving functional and cosmetic outcome even for chronic Bell's palsy. © 2008 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2008.
Immune reconstitution associated with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in human immunodeficiency virus: A case discussion and review of the literature; Objectives: To report the neuropathological findings of a patient with immune reconstitution syndrome associated with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and to review the literature. Methods: A 38-year-old man was presented with a rapidly evolving brainstem syndrome. Serology for HIV was positive with an initial CD4 count of 130 cells/mL3. Magnetic resonance imaging showed widespread high signal changes within the brainstem bilaterally, the cerebellum, inferior cerebellar peduncle, and the frontal lobe on the right. Opportunistic infections were excluded from blood and cerebrospinal fluid samples. Despite treatment with antiretrovirals, he continued to deteriorate neurologically, and a repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan showed progression of his lesions. Cortical wedge frontal lobe brain biopsy showed features characteristic of PML, but was associated with an exaggerated inflammatory response. Polymerase chain reaction analysis of the specimen demonstrated the presence of JC virus (JCV) DNA, confirming the pathologic impression of PML. Results: The patient made a rapid (within 24 hours) improvement with pulsed methylprednisolone and has maintained a clinical response 7 months later. These features clinically, radiologically, and histopathologically suggest an added component in the form of immune reconstitution syndrome to PML. Conclusion: This report highlights the need to carefully evaluate the clinical syndrome in patients with HIV-associated leukoencephalopathy. It also substantiates the role of corticosteroids in carefully considered cases of HIV with leukoencephalopathy secondary to immune reconstitution. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Observation on therapeutic effect of acupuncture on complicated facial paralysis in the African patient of HIV/AIDS; OBJECTIVE: To compare therapeutic effects of acupuncture on complicated facial paralysis in the patient with HIV/AIDS and in the patient with no HIV/AIDS. METHODS: The observation group of 31 cases of facial paralysis with positive HIV/AIDS and the control group of 30 cases of facial paralysis with negative HIV/AIDS were treated with acupuncture at Yifeng (TE 17), Xiaguan (ST 7), Jiache (ST 6), Taiyang (EX-HN 5), Dicang (ST 4), Yuyao (EX-HN 4), Cuanzhu (BL 2), Yingxiang (LI 20), etc. and with individual treatment according to different periods of disease. The difference of therapeutic effects between the two groups were observed. RESULTS: The effective rate was 83.9% in the observation group and 96.7% in the control group, with no significant difference between the two groups; while the cured rate was 9.7% in the observation group and 73.3% in the control group with a very significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Acupuncture with individual treatment has a satisfactory therapeutic effect on complicated facial paralysis in the patient of HIV/AIDS.
Meningoencephalitis due to Toscana virus in a French traveler returning from central Italy; Toscana virus (TOSV) is an arthropod-borne virus transmitted by sand flies of Phlebotomus species that has been recognized as an agent associated with acute meningitis and encephalitis around the Mediterranean. We report the first imported case of meningoencephalitis due to TOSV in a traveler returning from Central Italy to France. © 2008 International Society of Travel Medicine.
Thyroid nodules and cancers in children; The incidence of thyroid nodules in children is estimated to be 1 to 1.5% based on clinical examination. Children with thyroid nodules, compared to adults with thyroid nodules, have a fourfold greater risk of developing malignant thyroid disease. Differentiated thyroid carcinoma is the most common pediatric endocrine tumor, constituting 0.5-3% of all childhood malignancies. The thyroid is one of the most frequent sites of secondary neoplasm in children who receive radiation therapy for other malignancies. Thyroid carcinoma has been studied extensively in adults. However, the pediatric literature on this subject is much less complete, owing to the rarity of its diagnosis. This article reviews the predisposing factors, genetics, pathology, pathogenesis, clinical presentation, detailed treatment and follow-up management of children with thyroid carcionoma. Additionally, a discussion regarding the controversial aspects of radioiodine therapy in children is included.
Acute intermittent porphyria presenting as acute pancreatitis and posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome; Acute intermittent porphyria (AIP) is an inherited metabolic disease that can affect the autonomic, peripheral and central nervous systems. Pancreatic diseases associated with AIP is rarely reported. We report here a 60-year-old non-alcoholic male who had typical manifestations of AIP, including abdominal pain, constipation, tachycardia, hypertension, mental disturbances, psychiatric manifestations, seizures, peripheral neuropathy, and excessive excretion of porphyrin precursors in urine. Increases of serum amylase and lipase, as well as mild pancreatic edema on ultrasonography, were noted during the acute attack of AIP, suggesting concomitant acute pancreatitis. In this patient, brain magnetic resonance imaging revealed reversible multifocal cerebral lesions resembling a posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) during the acute attack of AIP. Because the clinical manifestations of acute pancreatitis could be present with an acute attack of AIP, early confirmation of diagnosis is mandatory to effectively manage the attack and avoid inappropriate treatment.
Obstructive lesions of the pediatric subglottis; Purpose: To compile information regarding obstructive subglottic lesions in children, including anatomy, pathogenesis, prevention, evaluation, and treatment options, required for implementation of a multi-faceted treatment plan. Method: Review of the literature. Conclusions: Although they are infrequent, obstructive subglottic lesions pose significant challenges to treating physicians, from airway management and injury prevention to decannulation and voice rehabilitation. Most patients with these lesions require multidisciplinary care and long-term treatment and can nearly always be treated successfully. © Academic Division of Ochsner Clinic Foundation.
Aphonia and quadriplegia-A rare complication following epidural labor analgesia; We report an obstetric patient who developed unusual neurological complications after an epidural injection of a local anesthetic and a narcotic in a seemingly fault-less manner. Ten minutes after receiving a loading dose, the patient developed aphonia, quadriplegia, and facial palsy while retaining normal consciousness and stable hemodynamics. The episode spontaneously resolved 40 minutes later. We wish to draw attention to anesthesiologists of the possibility that even in the presence of a negative aspiration test or without noticeable dural puncture, the injected drugs may enter the intrathecal or subdural space instead of pooling entirely in the epidural compartment. Once an unexpected high block and unusual symptoms or signs are noted, a prompt differential diagnosis must be made and treatment initiated as soon as possible. © 2008 Taiwan Society of Anesthesiologists.
Endoscopic conjunctivodacryocystorhinostomy; Conjunctivodacryocystorhinostomy with Jones tube placement is a procedure primarily performed for the correction of symptomatic epiphora caused by severe stenosis or obstruction of both upper and lower canaliculi. A Pyrex glass tube (Jones tube) is positioned at the caruncle extending into the middle meatus of the nose, thus creating a new outflow pathway for tears to enter the nose. Recently, the endoscopic route has gained popularity and may confer advantages over the traditional external route, including lack of a cutaneous scar, faster operative times, and decreased blood loss. This article describes our endoscopic approach to Jones tube placement, which we have found to be safe, reliable, and well tolerated by the patient. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hashimoto's thyroiditis in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome patient: Casual association or related diseases?; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare disorder of unknown etiology. MRS is classically defined as a triad of recurrent orofacial edema, relapsing paralysis of the facial nerve, and fissured tongue. The authors present the case of a 52-year-old woman with orofacial swelling and facial pain attacks. The patient reported to suffer of hypothyroidism and laboratory findings disclosed free triiodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4), and thyrotropin (TSH) altered. Endocrinological consult led to the diagnosis of Hashimoto's thyroiditis. Antithyroperoxidase antibodies (anti-TPO) were highly elevated and thyroid function tests had evidenced a clinically significant hypothyroidism. A link between MRS and immunological disorders such as sarcoidosis, Crohn's disease, unilateral anterior uveitis and multiple sclerosis was documented. The literature did not report any association between Hashimoto's thyroiditis and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The presence of the anti-TPO antibodies in the case reported here could suggest a possible correlation between immunological alteration characteristic of autoimmune thyroiditis and MRS.
Facial nerve palsy complicating kawasaki disease; The diagnosis of Kawasaki disease, the most common cause of pediatric acquired heart disease, is difficult and often delayed for children whose age falls outside the typical range of 6 months to 5 years, especially in those with incomplete Kawasaki disease and atypical features. Delayed diagnosis is associated with an increased incidence of coronary artery pathology. Here we describe 2 cases of lower motor neuron facial nerve palsy complicating Kawasaki disease. In both cases the diagnosis of Kawasaki disease was not made acutely, and both patients developed extensive coronary artery lesions. These cases highlight the importance of considering Kawasaki disease in children with unexplained prolonged fever at any age, particularly those without full diagnostic criteria and with unusual features. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm: Long-term results from 114 operations performed without neurophysiological monitoring; Object. Microvascular decompression (MVD) of the facial nerve is an effective treatment for hemifacial spasm (HFS), but the procedure is associated with a significant risk of complications such as hearing loss and facial weakness. Many surgeons advocate the use of intraoperative brainstem auditory evoked response (BAER) monitoring in an attempt to improve surgical outcomes. The authors critically assessed a large series of patients with HFS who underwent MVD without neurophysiological monitoring. Methods. The authors retrospectively identified 114 consecutive patients, with a history of HFS and without a history of HFS surgery, in whom MVD was performed by a single surgeon without the use of neurophysiological monitoring. Postoperative outcomes were determined by reviewing records and through telephone interviews. At least 1 year of postoperative follow-up data were available for 91 of the 114 patients, and the median follow-up duration in all cases was 8 years (range 3 months-23 years). A Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that 86% of the patients were spasm free at 10 years postoperatively. Results. There were no surgical deaths or major deficits, and complications included 1 case of postoperative deafness, 1 of permanent subtotal hearing loss, and 10 of delayed facial palsy, 2 of which did not completely resolve at last follow-up. The outcomes, rates of hearing loss, and other complications compared well with those reported in studies in which investigators used intraoperative monitoring. Conclusions. The results suggest that MVD without neurophysiological monitoring is a safe and effective treatment option in patients with HFS. Although BAER monitoring may be a valuable adjunct to surgery at centers experienced with the modality, the absence of intraoperative monitoring should not prevent neurosurgeons from performing MVD in patients with HFS.
Inherited protein C deficiency with acute ischemic stroke in a young adult: A case report; Hereditary protein C deficiency is inherited primarily as an autosomal dominant trait with incomplete penetrance. Arterial thrombosis, especially of the intracranial arteries, due to this deficiency is relatively rare. A 31-year-old man was admitted to our department because of sudden onset of neurological symptoms. Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain disclosed an acute ischemic infarction of the area supplied by the left middle cerebral artery. Protein C antigen was 40.7% (77-129%) and protein C activity was 46.3% (70-140%). No other possible associated causes of stroke were present. A survey of his relatives for protein C deficiency showed this deficiency in his mother, brother, sister and nephews. Protein C concentrations should be determined in cases of ischemic stroke in all young patients with no other major risk factors. Once protein C deficiency is detected, a search for protein C deficiency in the patient?s relatives should be performed to prevent the occurrence of ischemic strokes. © 2008 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Reconstruction of traumatically avulsed parotid duct using buccal mucosa flap: Report of a new technique; Injury to parotid duct is frequently overlooked especially in multiple injuries settings. Consequently they are rarely reported in the literature. Treatment of these injuries is highly controversial. Short series and anecdotal case studies claim success with various approaches such as nonsurgical management, simple ligation of the proximal duct with or without antisialagogues, microsurgical primary repair, creation of sialodocho-oral fistula, and vein-graft replacement. A novel technique of sialodochoplasty using buccal-mucosa pedicle flap is described in this report. Short-term result of this method in a 4-year-old boy with traumatic loss of right parotid duct was encouraging. Hypothetical advantages of this new operation are reviewed in the background of alternative procedures. It is concluded that buccal-mucosa flap technique appears to be a promising alternative in the management of parotid duct injuries. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Steroids in otolaryngology; Steroids are increasingly being used to treat a wide spectrum of otolaryngological disorders. It is important for ear-nose-throat surgeons to understand the short-and long-term complications associated with steroid use. The aim of this study was to review the role of steroids in common ear-nose-throat disorders. Corticosteroid therapy has been shown to be effective in the management of idiopathic facial nerve palsy, allergic rhinitis, acute sinusitis, sinonasal inflammatory polyposis, and croup. The therapeutic efficacy of steroids in the management of Meniere's disease, sudden idiopathic sensorineural HL, chronic otitis media, and vestibular neuronitis remain controversial. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
The effect of famciclovir on delayed facial paralysis after acoustic tumor resection; Objectives/Hypothesis: To determine the efficacy of prophylactic famciclovir to significantly reduce the percentage of patients experiencing postoperative delayed facial paresis. Study Design: Prospective evaluation of facial nerve grade for two groups (treated and untreated) with famciclovir before and after surgery. All procedures were conducted by the same group of experienced neurotologists. Methods: In a tertiary neurotologic private practice, the percentage of 1,023 patients with delayed facial paresis after undergoing microsurgical removal of unilateral acoustic tumor with no preoperative treatment was compared to the percentage of 530 patients with preoperative famciclovir treatment. Patients were prescribed famciclovir 500 mg BID for 3 days before surgery and 5 days postoperative. The House-Brackmann Facial Nerve Grade was assessed prospectively at preoperative, immediate postoperative, and discharge from the hospital in both groups. Results: Twenty-five percent of the no famciclovir group experienced delayed facial palsy compared to 20% in the famciclovir group, a statistically significant difference (P <.04). The famciclovir group undergoing translabyrinthine craniotomy showed a significantly greater decrease in percentage of patients with delayed facial palsy than those undergoing middle fossa craniotomies (P <.003). Conclusions: Famciclovir administered preoperatively and after craniotomies resulted in a smaller percentage of patients developing delayed facial weakness. We are continuing the routine use of famciclovir in perioperative acoustic tumor management and recommend that others do so. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Canalicular magnetic stimulation lacks specificity to differentiate idiopathic facial palsy from borreliosis in children; Objective: To investigate the role of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) to differentiate between idiopathic facial nerve palsy (iFNP) and facial nerve palsy due to borreliosis (bFNP). Patients and methods: Transcranial and intracanalicular magnetic and peripheral electrical stimulation of the facial nerve together with clinical grading according to the House and Brackmann scale were performed in 14 children and adolescents with facial palsy (median age 11.5 yr, range 4.6-16.5 yr). Serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were evaluated for antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi and CSF cell count, glucose and protein content were screened with methods of routine laboratory testing. Data of patients were compared with normal values established in 10 healthy subjects (median age 10.2 yr, range 5.1-15.3 yr). Results: Patients with iFNP showed a significant decrease in MEP amplitude to canalicular magnetic stimulation compared with healthy controls (p=0.03). However, MEP amplitude did not discriminate sufficiently between the two groups, because the ranges of dispersion of MEP amplitudes overlapped. Patients with bFNP had normal MEP amplitudes to canalicular magnetic stimulation compared with normal subjects. Conclusion: Diagnostic assessment by TMS failed to provide a reliable diagnostic criterion for distinguishing between iFNP and bFNP in children and adolescents. © 2007 European Paediatric Neurology Society.
Congenital thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura associated with unilateral moyamoya disease; Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is a thrombotic microangiopathy disorder associated with congenital or acquired deficiency of the von Willebrand factor-cleaving protease, ADAMTS13. The central nervous system and kidneys are the two major organs of involvement in TTP. Moyamoya (puff of smoke) disease is a cerebral arteriopathy of unknown etiology characterized by narrowing or occlusion of the distal internal carotid or proximal anterior or middle cerebral arteries, which causes the formation of multiple tiny collateral networks. We report here a case of an 11-year-old boy with unilateral moyamoya disease and congenital TTP. The patient had a history of severe neonatal jaundice and thereafter recurrent episodes of hemolytic anemia associated with renal dysfunction and cerebral infarction. The plasma ADAMTS13 activity of the patient <3% of normal, and ADAMTS13 gene analysis revealed an abnormal splicing mutation (c.330+1 G>A) in one allele and a novel missense mutation (p.Ile1217Thr) in the other. This is the first case of a genetically confirmed congenital TTP associated with unilateral moyamoya disease. Although the causal relationship between the two diseases has not been established, TTP may be included as one of the causes of moyamoya syndrome. © IPNA 2008.
Operative versus simple arthroscopic surgery for chronic closed lock of the temporomandibular joint: a clinical study of 344 arthroscopic procedures; Arthroscopic surgery has been reported to decrease pain in relation to the TMJ, improving maximal interincisal opening (MIO). The aim of the present study was to report the clinical outcome of arthroscopic surgery for the treatment of chronic closed lock (CCL) of the TMJ. Five hundred consecutive patients (670 joints) with TMJ derangement who underwent arthroscopy between 1995 and 2004 were retrospectively analysed. All were classified as II-V according to Wilkes. Within the series, various arthroscopic procedures were performed. The inclusion criteria for CCL of the TMJ were met by 257 patients (344 joints). The mean age was 30.24 years; 237 (92%) were female and 20 (8%) male. Mean preoperative visual analogue scale score for evaluation of TMJ pain was 53.21 ± 23.02. Mean MIO was 24.75 ± 4.89 mm. Following arthroscopy, a significant decrease in TMJ pain was achieved (p < 0.0001). For MIO, mandibular protrusion and lateral excursion movements, a significant increase in mean values was observed following surgery (p < 0.0001). No statistical differences were observed between arthroscopic lysis and lavage and operative arthroscopy in relation to postoperative pain or MIO at any stage of the follow-up period. Arthroscopy should be considered as a first-line treatment for CCL of the TMJ. © 2008 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Permanent mimic musculature and nerve damage caused by sodium hypochlorite: a case report; Sodium hypochlorite is often used as an irrigation solution during routine endodontic treatment. Before recementation of a post-retained crown on the upper left lateral incisor, the root canal was irrigated with sodium hypochlorite. There was no root filling in the root canal, and the apex was open after an earlier apicoectomy. Sudden pain with swelling of the left face side occurred during root canal rinsing. Three years later, a paraesthesia still remained in the affected region and a paralysis of some mimic muscles in this region was observed. There were no signs of improvement. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Gamma knife radiosurgery for intracanalicular acoustic neuromas; In the present study we reviewed our long-term experience with radiosurgery for intracanalicular acoustic neuromas. The study involved 25 patients with unilateral intracanalicular acoustic neuromas. The treatment volume was 0.07 to 0.8 cm3 (median: 0.27 cm3). The marginal radiation dose used for treatment was 12 Gy for all patients. The follow-up period ranged from 36 to 132 months (mean: 89 months). The actuarial rate of tumour growth control at 5 and 10 years after radiosurgery was 96%. Hearing preservation was achieved in 16 patients (64%) and improvement (>20 dB relative to presurgical values) was noted in one patient (4%). No patients experienced post-radiosurgery facial palsy or other cranial nerve deficits. Based on our study and long-term follow-up, radiosurgery can produce high rates of tumour growth control and hearing preservation for intracanalicular acoustic neuromas, and is an alternative to surgical resection given its low level of invasiveness. When determining treatment for intracanalicular acoustic neuromas, the condition's benign natural course and the likelihood of hearing preservation must be taken into account. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metastatic tumours mimicking vestibular schwannoma; In this review of the literature we discuss the rare occurrence of metastatic tumours mimicking bilateral vestibular schwannoma and present an own case with pancreatic signet-ring cell carcinoma as primary tumour. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
The faces of Moebius syndrome: recognition and anticipatory guidance.; Moebius syndrome is a rare congenital disorder characterized mainly by the inability to move the eyes laterally or produce facial expressions such as smiling. Moebius syndrome creates physical problems for the affected individual that may, in some cases, lead to emotional or social adjustment issues, yet the syndrome is relatively unknown among healthcare professionals. Because early recognition of Moebius syndrome can lead to early diagnosis and treatment, education of nurses in perinatal, pediatric, midwifery, and neonatal specialties is crucial. Through early recognition, maternal-child nurses can offer anticipatory guidance and provide or recommend resources to parents of children with this neurological condition.
Posterior approach to gold weight implant; PURPOSE: To demonstrate an innovative technique of gold weight implantation through a posterior approach and evaluate its effectiveness and possible complications. The results will be compared to the other existing technique through anterior approach which has been unchanged for a long time, according to the literature. METHODS: A prospective study (sequence of cases) was undertaken with patients who presented paralytic lagophthalmos for over 6 months. These patients presented many different etiologies and were assisted at the Department of Ophthalmology of Governador Celso Ramos Hospital-SC from February 2006 to February 2007. The implantation through posterior approach was performed by only 2 surgeons. RESULTS: Thirteen patients with paralytic lagophthalmos, 9 men and 4 women, with an average age of 53.07 (range from 17 to 73) were submitted to a gold weight implantation through posterior approach. The follow-up period of those patients varied from 2 months to 1 year, with an average of 6.3 months. In 3 of the patients, the implanted weight caused asymmetry to the margin-reflex distance (MRD) on the primary look position with ptosis of 2 mm in 2 patients and 4 mm in 1 patient. CONCLUSIONS: Although such technique has shown a satisfactory result, the authors believe that it is essential to extend the follow-up a little longer, so that the sustainability of its efficacy can be proved.
Anesthetic management of patients with Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson Rosenthal Syndrome (MRS) is a rare disorder characterized by relapsing facial paralysis, persistent or recurrent orofacial edema, and lingua plicata. It may cause difficult airway, drug allergy, and angioedema. In our anesthetic management of two patients with MRS, preanesthetic immunological blood examination and skin tests for hypersensitivity to anesthetic drugs were applied. Because the principal goal is to avoid all factors that may stimulate, an allergic reaction, anesthetic drugs known to trigger urticaria were avoided. Body and operating room temperatures, changes of which may trigger allergic reactions, were kept constant during the perioperative period. Emergency precautions were taken for probable angioedema. MRS is a rare syndrome, and if its manifestations are misunderstood as simple facial paralysis, it may be overlooked by anesthesiologists. Anesthesiologists must be careful of several problems in patients with MRS. © Japanese Society of Anesthesiologists 2008.
Delayed presentation of post-traumatic internal carotid artery occlusion "case report"; A case of delayed presentation of post-traumatic internal carotid artery occlusion is reported. This rare entity can easily be misdiagnosed because presenting symptoms can be delayed for a long time after trauma. This report aims to highlight the diagnostic clues and treatment options for clinical practitioners.
Immunobiology of Human Papillomavirus Infection and Vaccination - Implications for Second Generation Vaccines; Prophylactic human papillomavirus (HPV) L1 virus like particle (VLP) vaccines have been shown, in large clinical trials, to be very immunogenic, well-tolerated and highly efficacious against genital disease caused by the vaccine HPV types. However these vaccines, at the present, protect against only two of the 15 oncogenic genital HPV types, they are expensive, delivered by intramuscular injection and require a cold chain. The challenges are to develop cheap, thermo-stable vaccines that can be delivered by non-injectable methods that provide long term (decades) protection at mucosal surfaces to most, if not all, oncogenic HPV types that is as good as the current VLP vaccines. Current approaches include L1 capsomers, L2 protein and peptides, delivery via recombinant L1 bacterial and viral vectors and large-scale VLP production in plants. Rational design and successful development of such vaccines will be based on an understanding of the immune response, and particularly the 'cross talk' between the innate and adaptive responses. This will be central in the development of adjuvants and vaccine formulations that induce the response to provide effective protection. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in patient with diabetes type II and numerous of infection focuses in oral cavity; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome includes triad of symptoms: granulomatous inflammation of the lips, facial palsy and linqua plicata. This disease is chronic and treatment remains difficult. Both local therapy i.e: intralesional corticosteroid injection, surgery and general therapy: corticosteroids, clofazimine, dapsone, azatiophrine, methotrexate, lymecycline, metronidazole are used. We present the rare case of 55-years women with all symptoms of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, diabetes type II and numerous foci of infection in oral cavity. Laboratory tests without important abnormalities. The result of histopathological investigation from lower lip reveiled dermal oedema with pronounced perivascular mononuclear infiltrates and few foci of sarcoidal granulation. The picture consistent with granulomatous inflammation of the lips. During hospitalization Plixym 2 x 1,5 g i.v. was used with some improvement. In eighth day of the therapy Dapsone (100 mg per day) was added, which after 21 days was withdrowen due to high level of methemoglobine. The patient is follow-up. Actually dental extractions are performed.
Acute ophthalmoplegia (without ataxia) associated with anti-GQ1b antibody; Background: Anti-GQ1b antibody has been found in Miller Fisher syndrome (MFS), Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) with ophthalmoplegia, Bickerstaff brainstem encephalitis (BBE), and acute ophthalmoplegia without ataxia (AO). The aim of this study was to determine the clinical features of AO associated with anti-GQ1b antibody. Methods: We retrospectively collected 34 patients with anti-GQ1b antibody syndrome. Of these patients, 31 patients had ophthalmoplegia. The patients with ophthalmoplegia were classified into MFS (n = 13), AO (n = 11), GBS with ophthalmoplegia (n = 6), and BBE (n = 1). We analyzed clinical features and patterns of external and internal ophthalmoplegia of AO, and neuro-ophthalmologic findings were compared with those of other anti-GQ1b syndromes with ophthalmoplegia. Results: AO was observed in 11 (32.4%) of the 34 patients with anti-GQ1b antibody. Externa ophthalmoparesis was present in all the patients and included mixed horizontal-vertical (n = 7), pure horizontal (n = 3), and pure vertical gaze palsy (n = 1). Binocular involvement was common, but unilateral ophthalmoparesis was also observed in 27.3%. Other findings included ptosis (n = 5, 45.5%) and internal ophthalmoplegia (n = 6, 54.5%). Other anti-GQ1b antibody syndromes had prominent neurologic signs including ataxia, weakness, and facial palsy in addition to ophthalmoplegia. The patterns of neuro-ophthalmologic findings did not differ between AO and other anti-GQ1b antibody syndromes with ophthalmoplegia. Conclusions: Acute ophthalmoplegia (AO) commonly occurs in anti-GQ1b antibody syndrome and manifests as various combinations of external and internal ophthalmoplegia. Internal ophthalmoplegia is fairly common and unilateral involvement may occur in AO.
Clear cell ependymoma: A mimicker of oligodendroglioma - Report of three cases; Clear cell variant of ependymoma is a rare entity which morphologically mimics oligodendroglioma and poses a diagnostic dilemma. We describe three cases of clear cell ependymoma in male children which were supratentorial in location. On microscopic examination, these tumors were composed of sheets of clear cells and resembled oligodendroglioma. Electron microscopy confirmed the ependymal nature of these tumors. Clear cell ependymomas are rare and aggressive tumors. More cases need to be reported to determine their therapeutic responsiveness and prognosis. © 2008 Japanese Society of Neuropathology.
Closed Versus Open Operative Treatment of Nondisplaced Diacapitular (Class VI) Fractures; Purpose: The purpose of the study was assessment of whether open reduction and internal fixation of high nondisplaced, nondislocated diacapitular fractures (Class VI according to Spiessl and Schroll) have better 1-year results compared with closed treatment. Patients and Methods: Twenty-two patients treated 2001 to 2005 with 26 (4 double) Class VI fractures prospectively entered this evaluation; in randomized fashion 9 (41%) patients had open reduction and internal fixation, 13 (59%) had closed treatment. Facial symmetry, nerve function, scarring, pain, and interincisal maximum distance were judged clinically; condylar translation by sonography; repositioning and reossification upon postoperative and 1-year follow-up radiographs. Results: Altogether 17 (77%) patients presented for follow-up; 8 (47%) closed treatment, 9 (53%) open reduction and internal fixation. All patients evinced normal vertical opening. Insufficient condylar translation (<6 mm opening, <3 mm protrusion and mediotrusion) was prevalent in 2 open reduction and internal fixation and 2 closed treatment patients, persistent pain in 2 open reduction and internal fixation patients, and deflection greater than 4 mm in 2 open reduction and internal fixation patients. Partial facial nerve paresis was not encountered. In 1 open reduction and internal fixation patient a broken osteofixation was removed and 1 closed treatment patient had dysocclusion. Vertical medial fragment position was successfully restored by open reduction and internal fixation with, however, considerable remodeling (lateral condyle support is unaltered in Class VI). Closed treatment did not succeed in vertical repositioning but also evinced less remodeling. Angular fragment rectification in open reduction and internal fixation was successful; in closed treatment slight enlargement of the angulation was encountered at follow-up. Conclusions: Closed treatment within this study produced 2 of 8 (25%), open reduction and internal fixation compared with 2 of 9 (22%) unacceptable results and postoperative condyle remodeling. Therefore success rates of 75% versus 78% were attained, and closed treatment should therefore be preferred. However, sufficiently retentive resorbable osteofixation with intraosseous localization could permit better open reduction and internal fixation results than the microplates and screws at the dorsal condylar circumference applied within this study. © 2008 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Case series: Nocardiosis of the brain and lungs; Localized and multisystem nocardiosis is an opportunistic disease that occurs commonly in immunocompromised patients. Rarely, it is also seen in immunocompetent individuals. The lungs and brain are commonly involved. Typical, but nonspecific, findings are often seen on imaging and the presence of concomitant lesions in these two systems often suggests this diagnosis. We report two cases of cerebral and pulmonary involvement by nocardiosis.
Puckering and blowing facial expressions in people with facial movement disorders; Background and Purpose. People with facial movement disorders are instructed to perform various facial movements as part of their physical therapy rehabilitation. A difference in the movement of the orbicularis oris muscle has been demonstrated among people without facial nerve impairments when instructed to "pucker your lips" and to "blow, as if blowing out a candle." The objective of this study was to determine whether the within-subject difference between "pucker your lips" and "blow, as if blowing out a candle" found in people without facial nerve impairments is present in people with facial movement disorders. Subjects and Methods. People (N=68) with unilateral facial movement disorders were observed as they produced puckering and blowing movements. Automated facial image analysis of both puckering and blowing was used to determine the difference between facial actions for the following movement variables: maximum speed, amplitude, duration, and corresponding asymmetry. Results. There was a difference between the amplitudes of movement for puckering and blowing. "Blow, as if blowing out a candle" produced a larger amplitude of movement. Discussion and Conclusion. The findings demonstrate that puckering and blowing movements in people with facial movement disorders differ in a manner that is consistent with differences found in people who are healthy. This information may be useful in the assessment of and intervention for facial movement disorders affecting the lower face. © 2008 American Physical Therapy Association.
Results in otosurgically treated patients with acoustic neuroma part 1: Facial nerve function after translabyrinthine and middle fossa resection; Background: Regardless of all efforts to preserve a residual hearing, facial nerve function is still the primary issue for patients with acoustic neuromas. Since alternative methods like the γ-knife treatment are of increasing importance, results after surgery have to be compared and discussed critically. Patients: The results of 538 patients operated at the Dept. of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, University of Wuerzburg between 1989 and 2004 are presented. 392 had surgery via a middle fossa, 146 via a translabyrinthine approach. Results: Shortly after surgery 82.2% of patients showed no facial palsy. 74 patients had an incomplete, 7 a complete paresis. After 12 months 144 of the patients operated on via middle fossa approach showed no palsy, 13 had an incomplete and one a complete paresis. Out of 76 patients operated on translabyrinthine approach 75 had no paresis, one had an incomplete, and no patient had a complete paresis. There was no difference between intrameatal tumors and tumors extending beyond the porus. Regular facial nerve function was seen in 93%, postoperatively. Permanent paresis was seen in 0.4% of cases. Conclusion: Acoustic neuroma confined to the internal meatus or with minor extension into the cerebello-pontine angle (i. e. no contact to structures of the brain stem or vessels of the posterior fossa) are feasable for resection via a middle fossa or translabyrinthine approach. The possibility of hearing preservation combined with low morbidity and good results of facial nerve function makes these approaches the treatment of choice for this group of tumors. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Free transfer of abductor hallucis combined with anastomosis of blood vessels and nerves for established facial paralysis: Assessment of long term effectiveness; Objective: To evaluate the long-term effectiveness of free transfer of Abductor hallucis muscle plus anastomosis of blood vessels and nerves for dynamic reanimation of the established facial paralysis. Methods: Twenty-eight patients who received the above-mentioned treatment during March 1999 to November 2006 were followed up. The follow-up period was 1 to 16 years, with a median period of 4 years. The facial pictures of frontal view were analyzed before and after operation. T-FGS and facial nerve function index (FNFI) were used to evaluate the facial nerve function before and after operation. Meanwhile, the survival of the graft, the width of the face, the scar, and the function of the foot were analyzed and compared. Results: All patients obtained satisfactory symmetric faces in static state and voluntary contraction of the transferred muscles. Twenty-two patients obtained ideal smiling faces. The T-FGS score increased by (27±7.2) points and the score of FNFI increased by (57± 10.7)% after transplantation (P<0.05). Furthermore, the scars on the face were well concealed and there was no functional impairment in the donor loots. Conclusion: Free transfer of abductor hallucis muscle plus anastomosis of blood vessels and nerves has satisfactory long term outcome in dynamic reanimation of established facial paralysis, without functional impairment to the donor foot and is worth of popularizing.
Bypassing non-adherence via PEG in a critically ill HIV-1-infected patient; This case study describes a 44-year-old, chronically non-adherent, HIV-infected male with relapsing, life threatening toxoplasmic encephalitis (TE) and other recurring opportunistic infections. Non-adherence resulted in critical illness, suppressed CD4 lymphocyte count and elevated viral load. In order to bypass the patient's complete psychological aversion to taking medication, and after exhausting various psychological interventions, a percutaneous endoscopic gastronomy (PEG) tube was inserted for delivery of indispensable medication. During the 15-month follow-up the patient was adherent, exhibiting a consistently undetectable viral load, high CD4 count and a remission of the opportunistic infections. This is an interesting case study demonstrating life-saving and long-term benefit of PEG in an exceptional setting, which has implications for future research and treatment of non-adherent HIV-infected patients. © 2008 Taylor & Francis.
Clinical prognostic factors for treatment outcome in Bell's palsy: A prospective study; Objective: To evaluate the clinical factors for predicting the outcome in Bell's palsy patients treated by oral prednisolone. Design: Prospective study in a tertiary-care neurological hospital. Material and Method: Three hundred and eighty cases of acute unilateral lower motor neuron type of facial palsy were enrolled initially from a neurological clinic. After exclusion of the unfulfilled criteria cases, 201 cases of Bell's palsy completed the study protocol and were followed for six months after a seven-day course of 60 mg/day followed by a five-day taper-off dosage of oral prednisolone. A modified House-Brackman facial paralysis grading system was used to evaluate the recovery of facial weakness in the serial follow-up examination. Correlation between demographic data, clinical presenting symptoms and signs, and the final outcome were analyzed by multiple logistic regressions to determine the significant clinical prognostic factors. Results: There was a significant overall recovery of the facial weakness in succession throughout the 12 weeks of the follow-up period. The mean facial muscle scores approached the level of favorable outcome at the twelfth week after treatment. Duration between onset and treatment longer than seven days (RR = 18.87, 95% CI = 4.97-71.53), severe facial paralysis (RR = 5.01, 95% CI = 2.52 - 9.95), hearing defect (RR = 3.01, 95% CI = 1.16-7.84), and history of recurrence (RR = 3.75, 95% CI=1.21 - 11.59) were the significant prognostic factors for unfavorable outcome of treatment (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Delayed in initiation of oral prednisolone, severe facial weakness, hearing defect, and history of recurrence were significant prognostic factors determining the poor outcome. To yield a satisfactory therapeutic result, early treatment of Bell's palsy with oral prednisolone should be recommended in cases of severe facial paralysis.
Facial palsy: Anatomy, etiology, grading, and surgical treatment; The modern microvascular reconstructive surgeon has quite an arsenal when managing the paralyzed face and injury to the facial nerve. After a brief description of the anatomy, etiology, facial nerve syndromes, and grading schemes, we detail our approach to the patient with facial paralysis. In reviewing our methods, we discuss the organ-based timing protocol, along with recent advancements in surgical technique. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
High grade mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the middle ear treated with extended temporal bone resection; We report a case of High grade Mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the middle ear. A 67 year old gentleman was referred to our centre for persistent otalgia associated with facial weakness for four months. Examination revealed a middle ear mass with House Brackmann Grade 3 Facial Palsy and ipsilateral lymhadenopathy. Biopsies suggested a squamous cell carcinoma of the middle ear, and he successfully underwent an Extended Temporal bone resection with External canal reconstruction and neck dissection. Postoperative Histopathology revealed that the tumour was in fact a High Grade Mucoepidermoid carcinoma. He received postoperative radiotherapy and is well one year post operatively.
Hemihypoglossal-facial neurorrhaphy after mastoid dissection of the facial nerve: Results in 24 patients and comparison with the classic technique; Objective: Hypoglossal-facial neurorrhaphy has been widely used for reanimation of paralyzed facial muscles after irreversible proximal injury of the facial nerve. However, complete section of the hypoglossal nerve occasionally results in hemiglossal dysfunction and interferes with swallowing and speech. To reduce this morbidity, a modified technique with partial section of the hypoglossal nerve after mastoid dissection of the facial nerve (HFM) has been used. We report our experience with the HFM technique, retrospectively comparing the outcome with results of the classic hypoglossal-facial neurorrhaphy. Methods: A retrospective review was performed in 36 patients who underwent hypoglossal-facial neurorrhaphy with the classic (n = 12) or variant technique (n = 24) between 2000 and 2006. Facial outcome was evaluated with the House-Brackmann grading system, and tongue function was evaluated with a new scale proposed to quantify postoperative tongue alteration. The results were compared, and age and time between nerve injury and surgery were correlated with the outcome. Results: There was no significant difference between the two techniques concerning facial reanimation. A worse outcome of tongue function, however, was associated with the classic technique (Mann-Whitney U test; P < 0.05). When HFM was used, significant correlations defined by the Spearman test were identified between preoperative delay (ρ = 0.59; P = 0.002) or age (ρ = 0.42; P = 0.031) and results of facial reanimation evaluated with the House-Brackmann grading system. Conclusion: HFM is as effective as classic hypoglossal-facial neurorrhaphy for facial reanimation, and it has a much lower morbidity related to tongue function. Better results are obtained in younger patients and with a shorter interval between facial nerve injury and surgery. © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Induced corneal astigmatism by palpebral spring for the treatment of lagophthalmos; Purpose: To report a patient with decreased vision after insertion of an upper eyelid palpebral spring. Methods: Interventional case report. Results: A 44-year-old man presented with decreased vision in his right eye. Several months before presentation, he underwent palpebral spring insertion in his upper eyelid for lagophthalmos. He had developed seventh cranial nerve palsy after removal of the right facial nerve neuroma. Decreased vision was related to induced astigmatism by upper eyelid pressure. Surgical replacement of the spring resulted in less astigmatism and improvement in visual acuity. Conclusions: Ocular rehabilitation surgery with insertion of a palpebral spring to the upper eyelid may induce corneal astigmatism and decrease vision in the normal eye. This may be reversible by replacing or repositioning the spring so that it will imply less corneal pressure. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Recurrent multiple cranial nerve palsy in a gravida with type 1 diabetes, that remitted after delivery and with steroid therapy; We report a rare case of multiple cranial nerve palsy associated with pregnancy, the cause of which remained to be clarified despite of extensive inspections. A 28-year-old woman with type 1 diabetes on insulin therapy developed left oculomotor nerve palsy in the fourth month of pregnancy. Her symptoms improved after one month's administration of vitamins B1 and B12. Numbness appeared in the left side of the face in the 8th month of pregnancy, and then moved to the right side in two weeks. Dysarthria and dysphagia occurred one month later. Bulbar symptoms were worsened, and she became unable to eat or drink. Neurological examination revealed disturbance of sensation in the right side of the face, soft palate paresis, and bilateral atrophy and fasciculation of the tongue. Extensive laboratory examinations including immunological and endocrinological studies, cerebrospinal fluid examination and brain magnetic resonance imaging were unremarkable. These symptoms remitted spontaneously after delivery, and the methylprednisolone pulse therapy accelerated the improvement. Neurological examination done one year after delivery showed complete recovery of the symptoms except for persistent tongue atrophy.
Necrotizing otitis externa: A painless reminder; Necrotizing otitis externa is a necrotizing osteomyelitis of the skull base that predominantly affects diabetic and immunocompromised patients. Pseudomonas aeruginosa is the most frequently implicated organism. Patients present with severe otalgia, otorrhoea with or without facial palsy, or rarely, facial pain as a symptomatic feature. We report a case of necrotizing otitis externa presenting with totally painless otorrhoea and highlight the need for a high index of suspicion when treating patients with otitis externa. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Jugular foramen schwannoma in a child treated with complete surgical excision; Introduction: A rare case of a large jugular foramen tumour presenting as a posterior fossa mass is described. Materials and methods: The patient, a 13-year-old boy presented with symptoms of raised intracranial pressure and on MRI imaging demonstrated the tumour origin within the jugular foramen, with appearances suggestive of schwannoma. He underwent a complete excision as a single-stage procedure thorough a lateral suboccipital craniotomy with minimal morbidity. Histology confirmed the diagnosis of schwannoma (WHO I). Jugular foramen schwannoma is virtually unheard of in the paediatric population. Conclusion: The differential diagnosis of a jugular foramen tumour includes tumours of the glomus jugulare, meningiomas, schwannomas, myxomas and chondrosarcomas. The imaging characteristics are important when considering this differential diagnosis. © Springer-Verlag 2008.
Systemic Candida albicans Infection in Two Alpacas (Lama pacos); Systemic Candida albicans infection was diagnosed in two adult alpaca stallions originating from different herds. Case 1 had a history of chronic dermatitis with unknown aetiology that had been treated long-term with glucocorticoids. Case 2 had suffered from transient facial paralysis and psoroptic mange of the external ear. Both animals died suddenly after recovering from their initial disorders. Necropsy examination of case 1 revealed multifocal erosive dermatitis, thoracic and abdominal serofibrinous effusions, and multiple suppurative foci in lung, myocardium, kidney, pancreas and brain. Case 2 had multiple ulcers of the third gastric compartment and focal suppurative nephritis. Additionally, moderate depletion of lymphoid organs was observed in both animals. Histologically, suppurative to necrotizing inflammation with necrotizing vasculitis was present in the grossly affected organs of both animals. Yeast, pseudohyphae and branching hyphae were present within these lesions and C. albicans was isolated from lesional tissue of both animals. The primary site of Candida invasion was not determined in case 1, but the most likely portal of entry in case 2 was the gastric ulcers. Depletion of lymphoid tissue suggested a possible underlying immune suppression in both animals. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Surgical management of jugular foramen tumors].; To report the clinical manifestations, imaging characteristics, surgical approaches, managements, and outcome of jugular foramen tumors. The detailed clinical information of this extremely rare tumor was presented, with special emphasis on certain key issues, e. g, the preoperative estimation, perioperative management, surgical skill and experience, which exerted an influence on the significance of total tumor resection and preventing complications. From 1985 to 2007, 42 patients with jugular foramen tumor (30 cases of jugular paragangliomas and 11 cases of tumor with particular pathological types) were enrolled in this study. Prior to surgical procedures, all patients were subjected to systematic imaging examinations on temporal bone, such as CT, HRCT, CTA, and MRI, and some patients were further examined by angiography or embolization according to the individual situations. The infratemporal type A and combined translabrinthin and/or transchecholea approaches were selected for the treatment of 30 cases of jugular paragangliomas; while, the modalities of infratemporal type A, enlarged mastoidectomy, or mastoid-neck approach were employed for the remaining 11 specific cases. Forty-two patients in this report were categorized into beyond C types based on FISCH classification in which all had invaded to posterior fossa. In the 31 cases, the major initial clinical symptoms were tinnitus, hearing loss, and facial palsy; while, in the 11 specific cases, the main symptoms did not possess any unique trait for the diagnosis and 5 of which were found via CT or MRI examination by chance. Facial nerve management included permanent anterior transposition (19 cases), facial nerve bridge technology (16 cases), interposition graft (4 cases), VII-XI jump graft (2 cases), and VII-XII anastomosis (1 case). The preoperative estimation of tumor in nature was of great importance in the determination of proper surgical approaches and the infratemporal type A could fully meet the requirement for resection of tumors in jugular foramen. Facial nerve anterior rerouting could provide a clear visual field during the procedure, especially for the lesions in anterior tympanic cavity. In most cases, the facial nerve bridge technology could also fulfill the needs for complete tumor resection as well as the better preservation of facial function. In case of considering the sacrifice of internal carotid artery, balloon test occlusion was indispensable for preoperative estimation. The CT or MRI characteristics of tumors with particular pathological types were different from those of jugular paragangliomas. The preoperative management, surgical skills, and experience played a pivotal role in complete tumor resection.
Successful surgical removal of a mesencephalic cavernous angioma, which was responsible for progressive neurological deficits; Cavernous angiomas comprise 5-10% of all vascular malformations in the central nervous system, occurring most frequently in the supratentorial region, and 20% of them in the brain stem. According to literature, brain stem cavernous angiomas occur most frequently in the pons (60%), and equally in the mesencephalon (20%) and in medulla oblongata. In clinical evaluation the authors describe the successful removal of a mesencephalic cavernous angioma causing progressive neurological deficits and symptoms. The authors present a case of a 51 year old female, who had developed 1 year prior to her admittance: fatigue, weakness in the right upper limb and fingers, right lower limb ataxia. One month later, her lower right limb developed sensory deficits. The first neurological exploration indicated dysarthria, moderate facial and right hemiparesis, hemihypaesthesia and ataxia. CT and MR imaging indicated multilobulated cavernomas in the mesencephalon. After conservative treatment the patient became almost symptom free, and thus neurosurgical treatment was not discussed. Later on her symptoms fluctuated, but after 6 month she suddenly developed progressive right hemiparesis, right facial weakness, serious dysphasia, and emotional incontinence combined with continuous spastic sobbings. The control MRI showed enlargement of the cavernomas and new extravasation. Surgery was indicated for removing the cavernomas. The left infratentorial, supracerebellar approach revealed a blood engorged cavernoma in the center of the mesencephalon, almost dividing it. The cavernomas and accompanying haematoma was extirpated. The patient's neurological symptoms rapidly improved after surgery, her dysphasia as well as motor weakness have disappeared. Six days after surgery, we discharged a neurologically symptomless and self-supporting patient. The literature and the presented case indicates that the correct timing and proper surgery allows brain stem cavernomas to be safely removed, or significantly bated, which results in the massive regression of neurological symptoms.
Neuroborreliosis manifested as persistent vomiting in three children; Neuroborreliosis usually presents with facial palsy and meningitis, but unspecific symptoms may also occur and can result in delayed diagnosis. We report on 3 children in whom persistent vomiting was the key clinical finding of neuroborreliosis.
Parecoxib versus dipyrone (metamizole) for postoperative pain relief after hysterectomy: A prospective, single-centre, randomized, double-blind trial; Background and objective: Selective cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitors provide postoperative pain relief similar to conventional NSAIDs. However, many of these non-opioid analgesics are available only for oral administration, and are therefore ineffective in patients experiencing postoperative nausea or vomiting. The aim of this study was to compare the analgesic efficacy of the COX-2 inhibitor parecoxib with that of dipyrone (metamizole) administered intravenously for 48 hours after vaginal hysterectomy. Methods: Fifty women undergoing vaginal hysterectomy under general anaesthesia were randomly assigned to two groups: the parecoxib group, who received intravenous parecoxib 40 mg intraoperatively and every 12 hours after surgery over a period of 48 hours, and the dipyrone group, who received intravenous dipyrone 2.5 g injected intraoperatively, followed by dipyrone 1 g every 6 hours after surgery over a period of 48 hours. Because of the double-blinded study protocol, patients in the parecoxib groups were required to receive placebo infusions 6, 18, 30 and 42 hours after the operation. Visual analogue scale (VAS [scale 0-10]) scores were recorded 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 24, 36 and 48 hours after surgery. To assess the cumulative opioid administration, all patients were fitted with an intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) device containing the opioid piritramide. An α value of 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: VAS scores did not differ between groups with one exception: VAS scores were lower in the parecoxib group 12 hours after surgery than in the dipyrone group (1 and 2, respectively; p < 0.05). No significant differences in cumulative piritramide administration were measured between groups 1 hour or 24 hours after surgery (parecoxib 14.7 [± SD 4.4] and 30.6 [± 12.8] mg, respectively; dipyrone 11.8 [± 4.9] and 36.5 [± 10.7] mg, respectively). Conclusions: Parecoxib 40 mg twice daily provides postoperative pain relief equivalent to that of dipyrone 4 g daily during the first 48 hours in patients after hysterectomy. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Prospective study of serologic tests for Lyme disease; Background. Tests to determine serum antibody levels - the 2-tier sonicate immunoglobulin M (IgM) and immunoglobulin G (IgG) enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and Western blot method or the IgG of the variable major protein-like sequence-expressed (VlsE) sixth invariant region (C6) peptide ELISA method - are the major tests available for support of the diagnosis of Lyme disease. However, these tests have not been assessed prospectively. Methods. We used these tests prospectively to determine serologic responses in 134 patients with various manifestations of Lyme disease, 89 patients with other illnesses (with or without a history of Lyme disease), and 136 healthy subjects from areas of endemicity and areas in which the infection was not endemic. Results. With 2-tier tests and the C6 peptide ELISA, only approximately one-third of 76 patients with erythema migrans had results that were positive for IgM or IgG seroreactivity with Borrelia burgdorferi in acute-phase samples. During convalescence, 3-4 weeks later, almost two-thirds of patients had seroreactivity with the spirochete B. burgdorferi. The frequencies of seroreactivity were significantly greater among patients with spirochetal dissemination than they were among those who lacked evidence of disseminated disease. Of the 44 patients with Lyme disease who had neurologic, heart, or joint involvement, all had positive C6 peptide ELISA results, 42 had IgG responses with 2-tier tests, and 2 patients with facial palsy had only IgM responses. However, among the control groups, the IgG Western blot was slightly more specific than the C6 peptide ELISA. The differences between the 2 test systems (2-tier testing and C6 peptide ELISA) with respect to sensitivity and specificity were not statistically significant. Conclusions. Except in patients with erythema migrans, both test systems were sensitive for support of the diagnosis of Lyme disease. However, with current methods, 2-tier testing was associated with slightly better specificity. © 2008 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved.
Unilateral hearing disturbance could be an isolated manifestation prior to ipsilateral anterior inferior cerebellar artery infarction; A 50-year-old man presented with a sudden onset of right-sided hearing disturbance. His hearing disturbance improved gradually, however, dysarthria, right-sided facial weakness and dysesthesia, and gait disturbance was developed 11 days after the onset of hearing disturbance. MR imaging revealed fresh infarctions of the right dorsolateral pons and middle cerebellar peduncle localized in the territory of anterior inferior cerebellar artery. Unilateral hearing disturbance could be an isolated manifestation prior to ipsilateral anterior inferior cerebellar artery infarction. © 2008 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
Unusual primary manifestations of multiple sclerosis; Objectives: The aim of this study is to describe patients with unusual symptoms that were primary manifestations of multiple sclerosis (MS). Patients and methods: We report 21 multiple sclerosis patients who presented unusual initial pictures (acute brachial pain n=4, headache n=6, ptosis n=1, oculomotor nerve palsy n=1 Deripheral facial palsy n=1, throat pain n=1, hypoglossal nerve palsy n-1, visual field defect n=2, epilepsia n=2, and coma n=2) as the first manifestations in the absence of other obvious symptoms or signs. Results: Investigations demonstrated changes highly suggestive multiple sclerosis on magnetic resonance imaging, cerebrospinal fluid analysis and electrophysiological, tests. All cases completely or partially recovered after high-dose corticosteroid therapy. These patients have been followed up for 5 years. Conclusion: In this study, we discuss possible correlations between clinical disturbances and neuroradiological abnormalities and show some rare or previously undescribed manifestations in multiple sclerosis. © NZMA.
Facial reanimation by transposition of the masseter muscle combined with tensor fascia lata, using the zygomatic arch as a pulley; We have created a new way of reanimating the face, involving transposition of the masseter muscle combined with tensor fascia lata, and using the zygomatic arch as a trochlea to reconstruct the inferior facial paralysis. We used it on five patients who had facial palsy after excision of malignant parotid tumours. The wide skin defect that exposed the masseter muscle after total parotidectomy was reconstructed with a free flap. This method differs from those of other methods of transposing the masseter muscle in that force is applied at an upper lateral angle. Our method provided dynamic raising of the upper lip, the corner of the mouth, and the nasolabial fold in four patients. We consider it to be useful, particularly for prompt surgical reconstruction of facial palsy after total parotidectomy with a wide defect in the skin of the cheek.
Optimizing Results in Endoscopic Forehead Rejuvenation; Endoscopic forehead rejuvenation has several advantages over traditional open techniques. First, large incisional scars are avoided. Second, the chances of forehead elongation are less. However, the technique requires a significant learning curve for best results. Suboptimal results may occur and are typically due to underresection or uneven resection of the glabellar musculature, overdissection of the medial periosteum, and under or overcorrection when repositioning of the lateral brow. This article reviews the pertinent anatomy and techniques for endoscopic forehead rejuvenation, and describes the authors' technique for more consistent, predictable results. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Outcome of mobile ear surgery for chronic otitis media in remote areas; Objectives: The Inuit of Greenland, Canada and Alaska suffer from chronic otitis media (COM). In Greenland these patients used to be referred to Denmark for ear surgery. This was expensive and unsatisfactory, and the results were poor. A mobile ear surgery project was developed. Design: The study is longitudinal and prospective with follow-up. Subjects and Methods: The 274 patients were selected according to severity of COM and hearing loss. Only air conduction (AC) audiometry was obtained. Median age was 27 years and 55% were females. Results: Closure rates at three weeks, one year, and two years were 67 percent, 72 percent, and 76 percent, respectively. Median AC pure tone average improvement was 15 dB and 12 dB after one year and two years, and 73 percent and 67 percent were satisfied. Outcome was associated with quality of the surgical skills (P < 0.002). We found marked spontaneous fluctuations between the follow-ups. Conclusion: The results of mobile ear surgery in Greenland are acceptable. Mobile ear surgery may be implemented in areas with limited access to health care, eg, in developing countries. © 2008 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
Electrical stimulation facilitates rat facial nerve recovery from a crush injury; Objective: To study the effect of electrical stimulation on accelerating facial nerve functional recovery from a crush injury in the rat model. Study Design: Experimental. Method: The main trunk of the right facial nerve was crushed just distal to the stylomastoid foramen, causing right-sided facial paralysis in 17 Sprague-Dawley rats. An electrode apparatus was implanted in all rats. Nine rats underwent electrical stimulation and eight were sham stimulated until complete facial nerve recovery. Facial nerve function was assessed daily by grading eyeblink reflex, vibrissae orientation, and vibrissae movement. Results: An electrical stimulation model of the rat facial nerve following axotomy was established. The semi-eyeblink returned significantly earlier (3.71 + 0.97 vs 9.57 + 1.86 days post axotomy) in stimulated rats (P = 0.008). Stimulated rats also recovered all functions earlier, and showed less variability in recovery time. Conclusion: Electrical stimulation initiates and accelerates facial nerve recovery in the rat model as it significantly reduces recovery time for the semi-eyeblink reflex, a marker of early recovery. It also hastens recovery of other functions. © 2008 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
Tetanus-diphtheria-acellular pertussis vaccination of adults in the USA; Pertussis is an important cause of morbidity and mortality, and its incidence has been increasing in adolescents and adults over the past two decades. Waning immunity in adolescents and adults may be partially responsible. Adults can suffer significant illness from pertussis and its complications, such as pneumonia, rib fractures and syncope. Moreover, adults serve as a source of disease for infants, who are more vulnerable to severe complications and even death. The economic burden of pertussis is substantial, in terms of both medical and nonmedical costs. Fortunately, the burden of pertussis disease can now be safely and effectively reduced by vaccinating adults with tetanus-diphtheria-acellular pertussis (Tdap) vaccine. Further research is needed to elucidate the role of vaccination in pregnant women and those over 65 years of age, and also to determine whether further booster doses of Tdap are needed. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Wegener's granulomatosis: An update on diagnosis and therapy; Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is a unique clinicopathological disease characterized by necrotizing granulomatous vasculitis of the respiratory tract, pauci-immune necrotizing glomerulonephritis and small-vessel vasculitis. Owing to its wide range of clinical manifestations, WG has a broad spectrum of severity that includes the potential for alveolar hemorrhage or rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis, which are immediately life threatening. WG is associated with the presence of circulating antineutrophil cytoplasm antibodies (c-ANCAs). The most widely accepted pathogenetic model suggests that c-ANCA-activated cytokine-primed neutrophils induce microvascular damage and a rapid escalation of inflammation with recruitment of mononuclear cells. The diagnosis of WG is made on the basis of typical clinical and radiologic findings, by biopsy of involved organ, the presence of c-ANCA and exclusion of all other small-vessel vasculitis. Currently, a regimen consisting of daily cyclophosphamide and corticosteroids is considered standard therapy A number of trials have evaluated the efficacy of less-toxic immunosuppressants and antibacterials for treating patients with WG, resulting in the identification of effective alternative regimens to induce or maintain remission in certain subpopulations of patients. Recent investigation has focused on other immunomodulatory agents (e.g., TNF-α inhibitors and anti-CD20 antibodies), intravenous immunoglobulins and antithymocyte globulins for treating patients with resistant WG. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Paclitaxel in the neoadjuvant treatment for adeno carcinoma of the distal esophagus (AEG I). A comparison of two phase II trials with long-term follow-up; Introduction: We report a comparative analysis of 2 sequential, prospective phase II trials on the efficacy of platinum/leucovorin/5-fluorouracil (PLF) +/- paclitaxel (T-PLF) in the neoadjuvant treatment of adenocarcinoma of the esophagus (AEG I). Patients and Methods: Inclusion criteria were histologically proven, locally advanced AEG I stage uT3/4 anyN cM0/M1a. 67 patients were treated with either PLF (n = 32) or T-PLF (n = 35). Paclitaxel (80 mg/m 2) was added to PLF on days 1, 15, and 29. Primary endpoint was the response. Additionally, 5-year survival was analyzed. Results: The study population was well balanced, apart from an imbalance in clinical cM1a (33.3% PLF vs. 8.6% T-PLF; p = 0.01). Histopathological response rates (23.3% PLF vs. 25.0% T-PLF) showed no significant difference. Clinical response rates were improved for T-PLF (21.9 vs. 45.7%; p = 0.04). Median overall survival for clinical and histopathological responders was significantly improved for T-PLF (p = 0.005, p = 0.01), but not for PLF (p = 0.08, p = 0.25). Median overall survival was better with T-PLF without reaching statistical significance (18.9 months PLF vs. 43.1 months T-PLF; p = 0.27). Toxicity was slightly increased by paclitaxel. No treatment-related deaths occurred. Conclusion: Our data failed to demonstrate statistically significant superiority of the T-PLF regimen except for clinical response. However, there was a trend towards improved survival. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Simultaneous Guillain-Barré syndrome and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis in the pediatric population; Few cases of simultaneous acute demyelination of the peripheral and central nervous systems are reported. Four patients diagnosed as having Guillain-Barré syndrome and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis during the same hospitalization are described herein. Two patients manifest an atypical form of Guillain-Barré syndrome, with magnetic resonance imaging of the head showing acute disseminated encephalomyelitis. A third patient has acute disseminated encephalomyelitis and develops Guillain-Barré syndrome during his hospitalization. A fourth patient demonstrates transverse myelitis that evolves into Guillain-Barré syndrome, with demyelination seen on brain magnetic resonance imaging. All patients are treated with intravenous immunoglobulins or corticosteroids. Three patients have a favorable outcome; 1 patient has a chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy. Guillain-Barré syndrome and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis can occur simultaneously in the pediatric population. This may be explained by a shared epitope between peripheral and central nervous system myelin. Further research is necessary to better describe this entity and its prognosis. © 2008 Sage Publications.
Miller fisher syndrome, internal and external ophthalmoplegia after flu vaccination; Case report: Miller Fisher Syndrome (MFS) is the most frequent variant of the Guillain-Barré Syndrome. It is characterised by the classic triad of ophthalmoplegia, ataxia and areflexia. We present a case of a patient who developed these clinical findings 5 days after flu vaccination. Discussion: Miller Fisher Syndrome is an unusual condition seen in ophthalmologic clinical practice. Although respiratory and digestive infections have been reported as antecedent infectious agents in MFS, it has not previously been described in relation to the flu vaccine.
Facial nerve palsy after chemotherapy for maligant lymphoma; Patients with malignant tumors may develop cerebral nerve disorders due to the invasion of tumor cells, infection, and side effects of medication. We report 2 cases in which peripheral facial paralysis developed after completion of chemotherapy for malignant lymphoma. The histological type in both of the 2 cases was diffuse large B cell lymphoma, and the clinical stage was IA. One patient underwent R-CHO (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, and adriamycin) and the other R-CHOP (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, adriamycin, and prednisolone), respectively. Both developed facial paralysis on the right side, one 66 days and the other 31 days after chemotherapy was completed. Although the symptom disappeared after dexamethasone administration of in one patient, drooping mouth on the right side remained in the other despite administration of valacyclovir hydrochloride and prednisolone. The major cause of peripheral facial paralysis was herpes simplex zoster virus (HSV), and concomitant therapy with adrenocortical steroid and antiviral drug is considered effective. When paralysis develops after chemotherapy with an anticancer drug, it is necessary to keep tumor cells from invading the central nervous system, to check for infection caused by HSV, and to start treatment as early as possible because the time from the paralysis development to the start of treatment may adversely affect prognosis.
Bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cell transplantation does not improve quality of muscle reinnervation or recovery of motor function after facial nerve transection in rats; Recently, we devised and validated a novel strategy in rats to improve the outcome of facial nerve reconstruction by daily manual stimulation of the target muscles. The treatment resulted in full recovery of facial movements (whisking), which was achieved by reducing the proportion of pathologically polyinnervated motor endplates. Here, we posed whether manual stimulation could also be beneficial after a surgical procedure potentially useful for treatment of large peripheral nerve defects, i.e., entubulation of the transected facial nerve in a conduit filled with suspension of isogeneic bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (BM-MSCs) in collagen. Compared to control treatment with collagen only, entubulation with BM-MSCs failed to decrease the extent of collateral axonal branching at the lesion site and did not improve functional recovery. Post-operative manual stimulation of vibrissal muscles also failed to promote a better recovery following entubulation with BM-MSCs. We suggest that BM-MSCs promote excessive trophic support for regenerating axons which, in turn, results in excessive collateral branching at the lesion site and extensive polyinnervation of the motor endplates. Furthermore, such deleterious effects cannot be overridden by manual stimulation. We conclude that entubulation with BM-MSCs is not beneficial for facial nerve repair. © 2008 by Walter de Gruyter.
Effect of acupuncture at three acupoints of eye on Bell palsy; OBJECTIVE: To probe the effect of acupuncture at three acupoints of eye on Bell palsy. METHODS: Seventy-six cases were randomly divided into a routine acupuncture group and a Yan three needling group, 38 cases in each group. The routine acupuncture group were treated with electroacupuncture (EA) at routinely selected acupoints including Yifeng (TE 17), Dicang (ST 4), etc. and the Yan three needling group were treated by EA at the routinely selected acupoints combined with acupuncture at three acupoints of eye including Jingming (BL 1), Shangming, Chengqi (ST 1). The intensity on 0.05 ms in the intensity/time (I/t) curve for frontal ventral fronto-occipital muscle and orbicular muscle of mouth at the affected side was used for assessment criteria of course of disease, and frontal ventral fronto-occipital muscle restoring the raising eyebrow action and orbicular muscle of mouth restoring to House-Brackmann grade I and II were regarded as the therapeutic time limit. RESULTS: Routine EA treatment combined with acupuncture at the 3 acupoints of eye could significantly increase clinical therapeutic effect on Bell palsy with a cured rate of 89.5%, which was better than 65.8% in the routine acupuncture group (P<0.05), and the therapeutic cycle was shorted. CONCLUSION: Acupuncture at the 3 acupoints of eye can significantly improve Bell palsy and promote recovery of functions of facial nerves.
Facial paralysis: Pathophysiology and rehabilitaiton; To rehabilitate patients with facial nerve paralysis means to prevent facial synkinesis and contracture during the first 4 months after the onset. Pathophysiology of the facial malfunction is derived from the characteristics of the facial nerve and mimetic muscles with lack of neural fascicles and muscle spindles and Golgi tendon organs, respectively. Facial synkinesis and contracture result from aberrant regeneration over the mimetic muscles following neurotmesis on Seddon's classification, hyperexcitability of the facial nucleus following the facial dysfunction, and physiologically constant facial movements including blinking, eating, and talking. It is indispensable to suppress aberrant regeneration from the onset with no gross facial exercises, frequent manual massage with stretching and touching, and eye lid opening exercise with the levator palpebrae superior muscle or an antagonist of the orbicularis oculi muscle. With these techniques, a new physical approach fundamentally keeps facial nucleus excitability and aberrant regeneration suppressed. In contrast, muscle strengthening exercises have been conventionally used to treat flaccid facial paralysis with electrical nerve and/or muscle stimulation to accentuate axonal regeneration and to prevent atrophy. We compared the efficacy of the two physical approaches between the conventional and the suppression or massage, for patients with ENoG being less than 30 % at 2 weeks after the onset. The conventional group consisted of 28 patients with a mean age of 56.9±11.5 years and the massage group 25 patients with a mean age of 53.0±16.2 years. Etiologies consisted of Bell's palsy 37 and Ramsay Hunt syndrome 16. Clinical outcome evaluated by the Sunnybrook facial grading system in one year after the onset showed that the suppression or massage group was significantly superior to the conventional group with higher composite score and less resting asymmetric and synkinetic socres.
Neurobrucellosis: Report of a case with CVA manifestation; Although neurological symptoms in brucellosis are frequent, central nervous system (CNS) involvement is uncommon. A 42-year-old man was admitted with an episode of faint without loss of consciousness, right hemi paresis, diplopia and headache lasting for four days. The neurological examination revealed left hemi paresis. Limitation of gazing in left eye in lateral view was seen (partial paresis of 6th cranial nerve). The results of laboratory examinations show positive Wright and Coombs Wright in blood and C.S.F. In the brain CT scan hydrocephaly and in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) some brain atrophy, few high signal foci in the deep with mater had been detected. Treatment included concurrent administration of three drugs: doxycycline, rifampicin and co-trimoxazole. This patient fully recovered. We suggest that Neurobrucellosis (NB) should always be sought in young patients with ischemic stroke, especially if they do not have any additional risk factors for stroke and live in an endemic area for brucellosis, even if they do not have other systemic signs of brucellosis.
Temporalis myofascial flap for primary cranial base reconstruction after tumor resection; Objective: To evaluate the use of the temporalis myofascial flap in primary cranial base reconstruction following surgical tumor ablation and to explain technical issues, potential complications, and donor site consequences along with their management. Design: Retrospective case series. Setting: Tertiary referral center. Participants: Forty-one consecutive patients receiving primary temporalis myofascial flap reconstructions following cranial base tumor resections in a 4-year period. Main Outcome Measures: Flap survival, postoperative complications, and donor site morbidity. Results: Patients included 37 males and 4 females ranging in age from 10 to 65 years. Two patients received preoperative and 18 postoperative radiation therapy. Patient follow-up ranged from 4 to 39 months. The whole temporalis muscle was used in 26 patients (63.4%) and only part of a coronally split muscle was used in 15 patients (36.6%). Nine patients had primary donor site reconstruction using a Medpor® (Porex Surgical, Inc., Newnan, GA) temporal fossa implant; these had excellent aesthetic results. There were no cases of complete flap loss. Partial flap dehiscence was seen in six patients (14.6%); only two required surgical d6bridement. None of the patients developed cerebrospinal leaks or meningitis. One patient was left with complete paralysis of the temporal branch of the facial nerve. Three patients (all had received postoperative irradiation) developed permanent trismus. Conclusions: The temporalis myofascial flap was found to be an excellent reconstructive alternative for a wide variety of skull base defects following tumor ablation. It is a very reliable, versatile flap that is usually available in the operative field with relatively low donor site aesthetic and functional morbidity. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Dialysis disequilibrium syndrome presenting as a focal neurological deficit.; We report a patient suffering from chronic kidney disease who presented to us with severe pulmonary edema. His clinical, laboratory, and sonological parameters were suggestive of end-stage renal disease. Hemodialysis was initiated, and after 48 hours (3 sessions of hemodialysis) he became drowsy and a neurological examination revealed left upper limb monoplegia with left facial palsy. Urgent computerized tomography scan of the brain revealed diffuse hypodensity in the cerebral white matter bilaterally, and brain magnetic resonance imaging showed diffuse hyperintensity in the cerebral white matter bilaterally, right internal capsule and external capsule on fluid attenuated inversion recovery and T2 sequences (hypointense on T1 sequence). He made a gradual but complete neurological recovery and was discharged 2 weeks later with normal neurological status. A repeat brain magnetic resonance imaging on follow-up 6 weeks later revealed complete resolution of the white matter abnormalities.
Computed tomography-guided percutaneous trigeminal tractotomy-nucleotomy; OBJECTIVE: The destruction of the descending trigeminal tractus in the medulla is known as trigeminal tractotomy (TR), whereas the lesioning of the nucleus caudalis is known as trigeminal nucleotomy (NC). Trigeminal TR and/or NC procedures can be used in a large group of pain syndromes, such as glossopharyngeal, vagal, and geniculate neuralgias, atypical facial pain, craniofacial cancer pain, postherpetic neuralgias, and atypical forms of trigeminal neuralgia. METHODS: In this study, anatomic and technical details of the procedure and the experience gained from 65 patients over the course of 20 years are discussed. Patients' pain scores and Karnofsky Performance Scale scores were evaluated pre- and postoperatively (postoperative Day 1). RESULTS: The best results were obtained in the second-largest group (vagoglossopharyngeal neuralgia, n = 17) and in geniculate neuralgia (n = 4). Patients with atypical facial pain (n = 21; 13 women, eight men) accounted for the largest group to undergo computed tomography-guided TR-NC surgery; pain relief was achieved in 19 of these patients. In the third-largest group (craniofacial and oral cancer pain, n = 13), 11 of 13 patients were successfully treated with TR-NC. Four of five patients with failed trigeminal neuralgia were also effectively treated with TR-NC. CONCLUSION: We propose that computed tomography-guided TR-NC provides direct visualization of the target-electrode relation and can be considered a first-step procedure in patient management. In view of its high efficacy, low complication rate, and minimal invasiveness, computed tomography-guided trigeminal TR-NC is a safe and effective procedure in the treatment of intractable facial pain syndromes.
Accelerated recovery of facial nerve function and anatomy in a model of Bell's Palsy is mediated by the regenerative immunophilin ligands FK506 and GM284; Introduction: FKBPs also known as immunophilins, are a family of gene products defined by their ability to bind the immunomodulory drug FK506 and its non-immunosuppressive derivatives that include V10, 367 and GPI-1046. GM284, a novel synthetic nonimmunosuppressive FK506 derivative that binds with nanomolar affinity to FKBP52, has been shown to promote functional regeneration in a sciatic nerve crush model. In the present study we investigated the ability of these drugs to improve anatomical regeneration in a facial paralysis model of Bell's Palsy. Objectives: This study was undertaken to compare the ability of FK506 and GM284 to promote functional and anatomic regeneration in an animal model of Bell's Palsy. Results: Daily, systemic treatment with FK506 or GM284 promoted facial nerve regeneration by 10 days, with initial functional recovery elicited as early as 5 days with GM284 treatment and 6 days with FK506 treatment. In contrast, we observed neither functional nor anatomic recovery in the vehicle treated group. The activity of GM284 and FK506 on in vivo recovery indicates this class of drugs accentuates the normal events in regenerative biology in a variety of nerve injury models. Conclusions: The results indicate that immunophilin ligands can promote functional regeneration and recovery of the motor components of the facial nerve in a model of for Bells Palsy. Furthermore, these studies suggest that GM284 may be a possible therapeutic modality for facial paralysis. © GCNN Limited. All rights reserved.
Temporary suspension of acute facial paralysis using the s-s cable suture (medical U&A, Tokyo, Japan); For a treatment of facial paralysis, suture suspension of soft tissue is considered effective due to its less invasiveness and relatively simple technique, with minimal bruising and rapid recovery. However, suture suspension effect may not last for a long period of time. We obtained good outcome with temporary static suture suspension in 5 cases of severe facial paralysis in the intervening period between the onset of paralysis and expected spontaneous recovery. We used the S-S Cable Suture (Medical U&A, Tokyo, Japan), which was based on the modification of previously established method using the Gore-Tex cable suture originally reported by Sasaki et al in 2002. Because of the ease of technique and relatively strong lifting capability of the malar pad, we recommend it as a useful procedure for a patient suffering acute facial paralysis with possible spontaneous recovery for an improved quality of life by the quick elimination of facial distortion. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Endoscopic treatment of subcondylar fractures; Objectives/Hypothesis: To evaluate the effectiveness of endoscopic treatment of subcondylar fractures, highlighting an improved technique of repair that facilitates ease of repair. Study Design: A retrospective review. Methods: All subcondylar fractures treated by the author with the improved endoscopic technique from 2001 to 2007 were reviewed. Results: A total 34 subcondylar fractures were initially treated with the outlined technique. Thirty-three of 34 were successfully managed with the endoscopic technique alone. There were no instances of facial nerve paralysis or palsy noted. There were two instances of malocclusion that were believed to be minor in the 27 of 34 patients who made themselves available for 6 week follow-up. Both of these patients had associated multiple maxillofacial fractures repaired. Average operative time from ramus incision start to completion of plate fixation for the subcondylar fracture was 32 (range, 21-49) minutes. Conclusions: The outlined technique results in improved ease of rigid endoscopic fixation of subcondylar fractures in the majority of patients. © 2008 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Update on managing Bell's palsy; Each year in the UK, around 1 in 5,000 people develops Bell's palsy - idiopathic unilateral lower motor neurone facial weakness of rapid onset. 1 Of those who are not treated, about 16% end up with permanent moderate to severe weakness, which can result in facial dysfunction and disfigurement, and psychological difficulties.2-5 There has been longstanding controversy about what, if any, treatment should be given, with potential alternatives including corticosteroids, antiviral drugs, acupuncture and physiotherapy.6 We last reviewed this condition in 2006, indicating that "published trials on the efficacy of drug treatments have been poor and no firm conclusions can be drawn about the benefit of any single drug", and "it is unclear what place, if any, acupuncture and physiotherapy have in the management of patients with Bell's palsy". 6 Here we update our conclusions in the light of recently published evidence.
Efficacy of superficial temporal artery-middle cerebral artery anastomosis with routine postoperative cerebral blood flow measurement during the acute stage in childhood moyamoya disease; Object: Surgical revascularization for moyamoya disease prevents cerebral ischemic attacks by improving cerebral blood flow (CBF). It is undetermined, however, how rapid increase in CBF affects chronic ischemic brain during the acute stage in childhood moyamoya disease. Materials and methods: The present study includes nine consecutive cases of patients with childhood moyamoya disease (2∼8 years old, 6.2 in average), who underwent superficial temporal artery - middle cerebral artery (STA-MCA) anastomosis on 17 hemispheres. We prospectively performed single-photon emission computed tomography 1 and 7 days after 17 surgeries. The follow-up period ranged from 12 to 37 months (24.9 in average). Results: The outcome of 17 surgeries was excellent (disappearance of transient ischemic attack) in 14 hemispheres (82.4%) and good (reduction of transient ischemic attack) in three hemispheres (17.6%). No patient suffered peri-operative infarction, except for one (5.9%) manifesting as pseudolaminar necrosis in a part of the cerebral cortex supplied by STA-MCA bypass at the subacute stage, which did not affect his long-term neurological status. One patient (5.9%) presented with transient facial palsy due to hyperperfusion, which resolved within several days. No patient manifested permanent neurological deterioration during the follow-up period. Conclusion: The STA-MCA anastomosis is a safe and effective treatment for childhood moyamoya disease. We recommend routine CBF measurement for avoiding surgical complications including both cerebral ischemia and hyperperfusion. © Springer-Verlag 2007.
Clinical experience with osteosynthesis of subcondylar fractures of the mandible using TCP® plates; Aim: To evaluate the clinical and radiological results obtained with a new kind of osteosynthesis device (Modus TCP® plates, Medartis, Basel, Switzerland), especially designed for low subcondylar fracture (LSCF) and high subcondylar fracture (HSCF) of the mandible in association with the high submandibular approach (HSMA). Method: A prospective clinical and radiological study was carried out over a 41-month period. All adult patients suffering from a displaced LSCF or HSCF who consented to the surgical treatment were included in the study. All fractures were operated on using an HSMA and were stabilised using a 4- or 9-hole TCP® plate. No intermaxillary fixation was used and a soft diet was started on the 1st postoperative day. Clinical examinations and control X-rays were carried out on the 10th postoperative day, in the 1st, the 3rd and, at least, in the 6th postoperative months. Material: Sixty-four patients (12 females, 52 males - mean age: 28.3) with a total of 75 fractures (54 LSCF, 21 HSCF) were included in the study. Mean postoperative follow-up was 14 months. Results: In the 6th postoperative month, all fractures were consolidated in 79% of the cases in an anatomical position. A secondary displacement of the fracture occurred in 6.6% of the cases. Plate fracture was not observed. Dental occlusion remained unchanged in 94% of the patients. The mandibular movements (mouth opening, protrusion, lateral movements on the unfractured and fractured side) had normal mean values (49.5, 10.4, 12.8, 12.1 mm, respectively). These movements were symmetrical in 95% of the patients. No patient complained about articular pain or noise. No facial nerve palsy was noticed, not even a transiently one. All patients but one found the scars acceptable. Conclusion: TCP® plates, in association with HSMA, were found to be an efficient osteosynthesis device for stabilising subcondylar fractures. © 2008 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Management of peripheral facial nerve palsy; Peripheral facial nerve palsy (FNP) may (secondary FNP) or may not have a detectable cause (Bell's palsy). Three quarters of peripheral FNP are primary and one quarter secondary. The most prevalent causes of secondary FNP are systemic viral infections, trauma, surgery, diabetes, local infections, tumor, immunological disorders, or drugs. The diagnosis of FNP relies upon the presence of typical symptoms and signs, blood chemical investigations, cerebro-spinal-fluid-investigations, X-ray of the scull and mastoid, cerebral MRI, or nerve conduction studies. Bell's palsy may be diagnosed after exclusion of all secondary causes, but causes of secondary FNP and Bell's palsy may coexist. Treatment of secondary FNP is based on the therapy of the underlying disorder. Treatment of Bell's palsy is controversial due to the lack of large, randomized, controlled, prospective studies. There are indications that steroids or antiviral agents are beneficial but also studies, which show no beneficial effect. Additional measures include eye protection, physiotherapy, acupuncture, botulinum toxin, or possibly surgery. Prognosis of Bell's palsy is fair with complete recovery in about 80% of the cases, 15% experience some kind of permanent nerve damage and 5% remain with severe sequelae. © 2008 The Author(s).
Congenital aural atresia: Transmastoid approach; an old technique with good results; Objective: Congenital aural atresia prevents sound conduction to the inner ear, so the child may suffer learning problems. Transmastoid approach is a safe method to create functional pathway by which sound can reach the cochlear fluids but it leaves mastoid cavity which may be problematic. The purpose of this study is to assess the feasibility of improving hearing in those patients on the expense of mastoid cavity. Methods: Forty children with congenital aural atresia were included in this study. All had functioning cochlea on evoked response audiometry and normal cochlear morphology with pneumatized mastoid on CT scan. Transmastoid approach was used for reconstruction of the external auditory canal with covering of the newly created canal using split thickness skin graft. Reconstruction of the tympanic membrane was carried out by temporalis fascia graft. Follow-up of the patients for 3 years was carried out. Results: Surgical success is considered on restoration of hearing and maintenance of a patent, infection-free ear canal. This study showed a successful hearing result in 85% of patients at 3 months postoperatively, this result diminished to 65% after 3 years. The incidence of canal restenosis was 17.5%; the narrowing was in the outer cartilaginous part. No cases developed facial nerve paralysis or sensorineural hearing loss postoperatively. Conclusions: Congenital aural atresia is one of the most difficult and challenging surgeries for the otologic surgeon. However, in the hands of experienced otologists, repair of this deformity can be performed safely and with predictable results using transmastoid approach. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Complications of surgical treatment of mandibular prognathism; Negative emotions due to violate facial appearance resulting from dentofacial disharmony may affect psychological status and general life adjustment of the patient. This is the origin of clinicians' great responsibility for satisfying result of surgical treatment in patients with mandibular prognathism. The aim of the study was evaluation of incidence of intraoperative and postoperative complications during surgical treatment of mandibular prognathism with bilateral mandibular sagittal ramus osteotomy or mandibular bilateral vertical ramus osteotomy and defining predisposing factors. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A sample of 37 patients with mandibular prognathism operated in Department of Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery in Lódź from May 2001 to February 2006 was included into the study. The patients were underwent surgery with mandibular bilateral sagital osteotomy (intraoral approach) or mandibular vertical ramus osteotomy (extraoral approach). Demographic data (gender and age) and medical data (method of surgery, time of hospitalization) were collected. Intraoperative and postoperative complications were recorded as well acceptance of scar. RESULTS: Facial nerve paralysis immediately after surgery and 6 months after surgery was observed in group of patients operated with vertical ramus osteotomy (6 and 3 patients respectively to time), and released completely after 12 months. Early and permanent paraesthesia was recorded more often in group of patients operated with sagittal split ramus osteotomy (respectively 14/17 and 2/17 for early and permanent paraesthesia) in contrast to 3 of 20 patients operated with vertical ramus osteotomy. Permanent (12 months postoperatively) paraesthesia within third branch of trigeminal nerve were diagnosed more often in patients over 25 years old. 3 patients operated with sagittal split ramus osteotomy demonstrated unilateral wound healing problems and 4 patients operated with vertical ramus osteotomy demonstrated wound healing problems and it was related to unacceptable cicatrix. CONCLUSIONS: 1. Frequency of intraoperative and postoperative complications in surgical treatment of mandibular prognathism is independent on patients' gender and age. 2. The choice of sagittal split ramus osteotomy is related to higher probability of paraesthesia within lower lip immediately after surgery, but the early risk of facial nerve paralysis is greater after extraoral vertical ramus osteotomy.
Intradermal vaccine delivery: Will new delivery systems transform vaccine administration?; There has been a recent resurgence of interest in intradermal vaccine delivery. The physiological advantages of intradermal vaccine delivery have been known for some time, but the difficulties associated with performing an intradermal injection have historically limited its use. New delivery systems currently in development facilitate convenient intradermal vaccination, unlocking the potential advantages of this delivery route, and potentially transforming vaccine delivery. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A rare complication of labor epidural analgesia; This case describes a patient who developed a complete right hemiparesis with ptosis of eyelid, trigeminus and facial paresis following a routine epidural analgesia for labor. A subdural deposit of the local anaesthetic might be the cause of these symptoms. The pathogenesis of these symptoms as well as the diagnoses and treatment of the condition is discussed.
Case 18-2008: A 68-year-old man with headache and visual changes after liver transplantation; A 68-year-old man was admitted to the hospital because of headache and loss of vision in the right eye, 31/2 months after orthotopic liver transplantation. Four weeks after transplantation, headaches and jaw claudication developed, followed by blurred vision in the right eye. Two weeks before admission, an ophthalmologist began therapy with prednisone; symptoms improved and then worsened 2 days before admission. On admission, additional diagnostic studies were performed. Copyright © 2008 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved.
Endolymphatic sac papillary tumor: A case report and review; Endolymphatic sac papillary tumor (endolymphatic sac adenoma, temporal-mastoid bone adenoma or adenocarcinoma, low-grade adenocarcinoma of potential endolymphatic sac origin, aggressive papillary tumor of the temporal bone, Heffner's tumor) is a rare lesion that involves the temporal bone. This tumor usually appears alone, but in 11-30% of afflicted individuals, it is accompanied by von Hippel-Lindau disease. Endolymphatic sac papillary tumors are destructive tumors that exhibit locally aggressive behavior. They slowly grow into the posteromedial section of petrous temporal bone. The main symptoms produced by these lesions include hearing loss and cranial nerve deficits. Endolymphatic sac papillary tumors develop in two principal patterns that histopathologically form follicular and papillary or solid structures. Those two patterns are usually manifested in the same tumor. Immunochemical analysis of these tumors usually reveals cytokeratin, vimentin, epithelial membrane antigen, and (less frequently) S-100 protein and neuron-specific enolase. Local excision is curative for endolymphatic sac papillary tumors. The currently favored method of treatment consists of excision and long-term follow-up. The role of adjuvant radiotherapy as treatment is controversial. This case report describes an endolymphatic sac tumor in a 22-year-old woman without von Hippel-Lindau disease who had a number of complaints, including deafness in her left ear, complete left-sided facial paralysis, and hoarseness of approximately 8 years' duration. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Parotid gland metastasis from glioblastoma multiforme: A case report and review of the literature; We describe a rare case of glioblastoma multiforme with extracranial metastasis to the right parotid gland. A 58-year-old man presented with a parotid tumor and facial paralysis 15 months after craniotomy and partial lobectomy for glioblastoma multiforme of the right temporal lobe. Diagnosis was confirmed by ultrasound guided core-needle biopsy. By this means, a second hospitalization with open surgical biopsy of the parotid gland under general anesthesia for diagnosis only was avoided in this obviously palliative situation. The possible mechanisms of metastasic spread in this highly aggressive tumor and its diagnostic investigation are discussed and compared with the literature. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Temporal Bone Fracture: Evaluation and Management in the Modern Era; Temporal bone fractures occur from high-energy mechanisms, typically but not limited to motor vehicle accidents. However, as the automotive industry continues to introduce improved safety measures, violence and falls account for a larger proportion of cases. Given the great forces involved, temporal bone fractures rarely occur in isolation and initial evaluation must focus on the fundamental ABCs of Advanced Trauma Life Support with special attention to Glasgow Coma Scale, intracranial injury, and cervical spine injury. Subsequent evaluation relies on physical examination, high-resolution CT, and electrodiagnostic testing to address the neurotologic consequences of temporal bone fracture, including cerebrospinal fluid leak, facial nerve injury, and injury to the peripheral hearing and balance organs. Management algorithms must address immediate (eg, ABCs, neurosurgical issues), short-term (eg, cerebrospinal fluid leak, facial nerve injury, hearing loss), long-term (eg, facial nerve injury, hearing loss, vestibular injury), and delayed (eg, encephalocele, cholesteatoma, late meningitis) issues. This article reviews the current state of temporal bone fracture evaluation and management with special attention to mechanisms of injury, clinical presentations and emergency evaluation, and diagnostic workup, including the evolution of radiographic fracture classification systems and electrodiagnostic testing. Discussion of treatment approaches address management of immediate, short-term, long-term, and delayed complications. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Facial Nerve Paralysis; Emotions are communicated through facial expression. Happiness, confusion, and frustration can be expressed with a slight smile, eyebrow shift, or wrinkled nose. Injury to the facial nerve and subsequent inability of perform volitional mimetic movement can provoke anxiety. This article explores the causes, treatment, and prevention of facial nerve paralysis. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Sudden Hearing Loss; Sudden sensorineural hearing loss is a medical emergency in search of an appropriate treatment. Almost all aspects of this disease process are disputed in the literature. The natural course of the disease process has not been well defined, although spontaneous recovery in a percentage of patients appears well accepted. Little scientific data exist to develop an evidence-based treatment protocol. The more common elements of treatment in the United States include oral steroid therapy, transtympanic steroid therapy, and potentially oral antiviral therapy. Other therapies are used with great frequency, and their potential should not be discounted. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prospective Evaluation of Closed Treatment of Nondisplaced and Nondislocated Mandibular Condyle Fractures Versus Open Reposition and Rigid Fixation of Displaced and Dislocated Fractures in Children; Purpose: The purpose of the study was to evaluate open reposition and internal fixation of displaced or dislocated child mandibular condyle fractures, and closed treatment of nondisplaced, nondislocated fractures of the condyle with long-term follow-up outcomes. Patients and Methods: Twenty-four patients less than 14 years of age were included from 2000 to 2005. Classes II to V after Spiessl and Schroll, eg, displaced or dislocated fractures were surgically treated; Class I and VI nondisplaced, nondislocated fractures were treated closed. At yearly intervals, facial symmetry, pain, nerve function, bone repositioning, scarring, and reossification were evaluated. Incisal opening, protrusion, laterotrusion and sonographic condylar translation were measured in mm. Results: Nineteen (79%) patients presented for follow-up: Class I, 8; Class II, 3; Class III, 0; Class IV, 2; Class V, 5; and Class VI, 1. After 1 year, 11 patients (58%) presented for follow-up; after 2 years, 4 (21%) patients, and after 5 years, 4 (21%) patients presented for follow-up. The reasons for not presenting for follow-up given by the parents upon telephone interview were no symptoms and absent motivation. All patients exhibited sufficient opening; 1 Class IV patient had insufficient translation; 3 patients had opening deflection; 2 patients' partial facial nerve paresis subsided after 1 year; in 2 cases broken osteosyntheses were removed. Vertical and horizontal condyle support was successfully reconstructed; considerable bone resorption occurred in Class V; failure rate was 4 (17%). Of 5 Class V, 3 were failures (60%). Conclusions: The evaluated treatment rationale attained 83% treatment success; Class V should be repositioned with careful mobilization to not risk impaired perfusion and considerable remodeling. Patient number is limited; a negative bias for follow-up can be supposed, eg, symptom-free patients avoided a follow-up interview. Prospectively small, rigid, mainly intraosseous and hopefully resorbable osteofixation should be assessed. © 2008 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Facial nerve palsy secondary to middle-ear lipoma; Objective: We present the first reported case of a middle-ear lipoma presenting with facial nerve palsy. We review the available literature on middle-ear lipomas and alert the surgeon to the possibility of a lipoma occurring in this location. Case report: A 33-year-old man presented to our unit with a right-sided, House-Brackmann grade two, lower motor neurone facial palsy. A computed tomography scan revealed abnormal soft tissue in the epitympanic recess, extending to the region of the geniculate ganglion. At middle-ear exploration, a lump of fatty tissue was found filling the anterior middle-ear cleft, juxtaposed to the horizontal portion of the facial nerve. The patient's facial palsy resolved within a few weeks of surgery. Conclusion: Lipomas are a rare but real differential diagnosis of a mass in the middle ear. Early imaging is advised. © 2008 Copyright JLO (1984) Limited.
Möbius syndrome in a neonate after mifepristone and misoprostol elective abortion failure; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of a child born with Möbius syndrome following exposure in utero to mifepristone and misoprostol for elective abortion. CASE SUMMARY: In the seventh week of pregnancy, a woman was administered mifepristone 600 mg and, 2 days later, misoprostol 400 μg for abortion. One month later, despite significant metrorrhagia, an ultrasound examination showed ongoing gestation. At 33 weeks and 3 days of gestation, the woman gave birth to a male with left facial palsy, microretrognathia, and axial hypotonia related to Möbius syndrome. DISCUSSION: Möbius syndrome is characterized by unilateral or bilateral palsy of the abducens (VI) and facial (VII) cranial nerves. Other cranial nerves (eg, the hypoglossal [XII]), craniofacial or orofacial anomalies, and limb malformations are often associated. The etiology of the Möbius syndrome remains largely unknown and probably Involves multiple factors. The most likely etiological hypothesis is disruption of the developing vascular system, with transient ischemia (particularly In the vertebral arteries) and fetal hypoxia. A teratogenic cause of Möbius syndrome has been suggested. The critical period for the development of Möbius syndrome following teratogen exposure appears to be 5-8 weeks of gestation. To date, mifepristone alone does not appear to have induced Möbius syndrome. In contrast oral or vaginal misoprostol administration can lead to a significant increase in Doppler-measured uterine artery resistance and may induce uterine contractions. If these occur during the critical embryonic period, they may cause flexion in the areas of the sixth and seventh cranial nerves and decreased blood flow. CONCLUSIONS: Ineffective use of mifepristone and misoprostol in the first trimester of pregnancy may be associated with a risk of Möbius syndrome, primarily due to misoprostol activity. Women with ongoing pregnancy after failed abortion with misoprostol administration should be informed of this risk.
Therapeutic uses of botulinum toxin: From facial palsy to autonomic disorders; Background: The therapeutic uses of botulinum toxin have been expanding due to deeper knowledge of its molecular behaviour and different mechanisms of action. Objective: To present suggested doses of Botox and Dysport for controlling the muscle hyperkinetic activity in facial palsy in the perioral area and to review other uses. Methods: An extensive updated literature review on the success and limits of the botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT) therapeutic treatments. Results/conclusion: BoNT can be considered to be the preferred single method for many disorders; it has substituted for some conventional surgical methods and it can be associated with other therapies to increase overall treatment performance. Depending on the disorder, the lack of permanent effect causes no major inconvenience. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Cintredekin besudotox in treatment of malignant glioma; Background: Interleukin-13 (IL-13) receptors are overexpressed in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). The presence of IL-13 binding sites in GBM and their absence in normal brain tissue validates IL-13 receptor as an important target in human GBM. Objective: This review discusses the bench-to-bedside experience with a recombinant cytotoxin composed of human IL-13 and a truncated form of Pseudomonas exotoxin A (PE38QQR), delivered via convection-enhanced delivery (CED), in GBM treatment. Methods: The authors review publications regarding the laboratory research and clinical development of IL-13-directed therapies and summarize the future of IL-13-targeted cytotoxin. Conclusion: The IL-13 receptor remains an important potential target in GBM, and preliminary experience with the IL-13-PE38QQR cytotoxin (also called cintredekin besudotox) has helped to pave the way for study of CED as an important means of drug delivery to malignant gliomas. Ongoing analysis of recently completed clinical trials will determine the future of this agent and its potential therapeutic targets. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Treating nerves: A call to arms; The process of proving that new treatments for peripheral nerve diseases work has often been slow and inefficient. The lack of adequate evidence for some existing treatments has been highlighted by Cochrane systematic reviews. This article uses four different conditions to illustrate the need for more research. Both corticosteroid injections and surgical decompression of the median nerve are efficacious in carpal tunnel syndrome, but whether corticosteroid injections avoid the need for operation needs to be discovered. Corticosteroids are efficacious for Bell's palsy, but the role of antiviral agents needs clarification, which should come from ongoing trials. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) and plasma exchange are both efficacious in Guillain-Barré syndrome, but corticosteroids are not. More trials are needed to discover the best dose of IVIg in severe cases and whether mild cases need treatment. In chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy, corticosteroids, IVIg and plasma exchange are all efficacious, at least in the short term, but trials are needed to discover whether and which other immunosuppressive agents help. The Peripheral Nerve Society has formed a standing committee, the Inflammatory Neuropathy Consortium (http://pns.ucsd.edu/INC.htm), to facilitate the trials needed to answer the remaining questions in the inflammatory neuropathies. © 2008 Peripheral Nerve Society.
A phase 1 study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a recombinant HIV type 1 subtype C adeno-associated virus vaccine; A novel prophylactic AIDS vaccine candidate, consisting of single-stranded DNA for HIV-1 subtype C gag, protease, and part of reverse transcriptase genes, enclosed within a recombinant adeno-associated virus serotype-2 protein capsid (tgAAC09) induced T cell responses and antibodies in nonhuman primates. In this randomized, dose escalation phase I trial, HIV-uninfected healthy volunteers (50 in Europe, 30 in India) received a single intramuscular injection of tgAAC09 at 3 × 109 DNase resistant particles (DRP) (n = 16), 3 × 1010 DRP (n = 23), 3 × 1011 DRP (n = 25), or placebo (n = 16). Twenty-one participants in Europe received a second (boost) dose of 3 × 1011 DRP tgAAC09 or placebo at least 24 weeks after the first injection. The vaccine was safe and well-tolerated after initial and boost vaccination. Local and systemic reactogenicity was experienced by 13-25% of participants and was not dose related. No vaccine-related serious adverse events were reported. Modest HIV-specific T cell responses were detected in 7/64 vaccinees (40-385 SFC/106 PBMC), with 16% (4/25) responders in the highest dose group. All responses were to Gag epitopes. tgAAC09 appears to be safe, well-tolerated, and modestly immunogenic. Further evaluation of higher doses of tgAAC09 and boost injections is ongoing in Africa. © 2008 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Abdominal acupuncture (fu zhen): Energetics and clinical applications; The Abdominal Acupuncture (AA) system is an innovatory microsystem based on traditional acupuncture meridian theory. AA theory proposes that the Abdominal Meridian System (AMS) with Shenque REN-8 at its centre forms the fundamental regulating system of the human body. This article explores the basic theory and methods of AA, and is illustrated with two case histories from the author's own practice.
Facial paralysis of infectious origin in patients receiving cochlear implants; Peripheral facial paralysis during cochlear implant surgery appears in 0.43 % of adults and 0.39 % of children. Peripheral facial paralysis secondary to acute otitis media is very rare in adults, while the incidence in children remains between 0.19 % and 0.45 %. We present 3 cases of patients who underwent cochlear implant surgery at our department, and who presented peripheral facial paralysis secondary to acute otitis media. The procedure is similar to facial paralysis secondary to acute otitis media in children. Treatment consists of parenteral antibiotic and corticosteroid treatment. Prognosis is favourable, with a total recovery of facial function in 1 or more months.
Unilateral facial paralysis after treatment of secondary syphilis.; Bell's palsy is an acute facial paralysis of unknown etiology. Infections including syphilis have been implicated as causes for peripheral facial paresis. The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction is an acute worsening of skin manifestations and systemic symptoms occurring after administration of antimicrobial therapy for spirochetal infections. Although rare, neurological signs can present as part of the Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction. The authors report a case of Bell's palsy experienced by a patient shortly after treatment with penicillin for secondary syphilis and propose that this acute unilateral peripheral facial paralysis was a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction in response to therapy.
Paradoxical brain embolism in a young man with isolated pulmonary arteriovenous fistula; We herein report a case of ischemic stroke due to paradoxical brain embolism in a young man, a trumpet player. Extensive diagnostic investigations revealed the presence of an isolated pulmonary arteriovenous fistula as the only risk factor for stroke. The peculiarity of this case is the early onset of neurological symptoms in the absence of Hereditary Hemorrhagic Teleangiectasia. The Authors suppose the repeated Valsalva maneuvers as a possible factor promoting fistula enlargement and symptoms development. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008.
Evolution of surgical approaches in the treatment of petroclival meningiomas: A retrospective review; OBJECTIVE: We examined the surgical approaches used at a single institution to treat petroclival meningioma and evaluated changes in method utilization over time. METHODS: Craniotomies performed to treat petroclival meningioma between September of 1994 and July of 2005 were examined retrospectively. We reviewed 46 patients (mean follow-up, 3.6 yr). Techniques included combined petrosal or transcochlear approaches (15% of patients), retrosigmoid craniotomies with or without some degree of petrosectomy (59% of patients), orbitozygomatic craniotomies (7% of patients), and combined orbitozygomatic- retrosigmoid approaches (19% of patients). In 18 patients, the tumor extended supratentorially. Overall, the rate of gross total resection was 43%. Seven patients demonstrated progression over a mean of 5.9 years. No patients died. At 36 months, the progression-free survival rate for patients treated without petrosal approaches was 96%. Of 14 patients treated with stereotactic radiosurgery, none developed progression. CONCLUSION: Over the study period, a diminishing proportion of patients with petroclival meningioma were treated using petrosal approaches. Utilization of the orbitozygomatic and retrosigmoid approaches alone or in combination provided a viable alternative to petrosal approaches for treatment of petroclival meningioma. Regardless of approach, progression-free survival rates were excellent over short-term follow-up period.
Laqve (wry mouth) considered in Avicenna's renowned treatise the Canon of Medicine; Hemi-facial spasm, facial paralysis, and trigeminal neuralgia are prevailing signs and symptoms with which physicians have been coping for thousands of years. Ibn Sina (known as Avicenna in the West), who was among the leading figures during medieval ages and influenced the upcoming periods in the Eastern and Western hemispheres for long time, focused also on these crucial problems. In his principal medical work, the Canon of Medicine, Avicenna underlined the significance of wry mouth-related disorders and wrote a precise chapter over this topic with the heading "Laqve." However, the term "laqve" is usually accepted only as facial paralysis in most of historical texts. Further detailed analysis of the text reveals that, all the abovementioned signs and symptoms are considered under the same heading. Therefore, the descriptions articulated by famous physician Avicenna pose great merit from the point of historical view of neurological sciences. The main aim of this article is to reintroduce essential parts of the text by adding comments over specific descriptions, and consequently, to make the text more comprehensible for today's scientists.
Retrospective review of 242 consecutive patients treated surgically for parotid gland tumours; Objective: To compare the trends and specific outcomes of patients treated surgically for parotid neoplasms between 1994 and 2005 with those of patients who were treated between 1985 and 1993 at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto and to identify preoperative indicators of malignancy. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed that included all patients who received treatment from 1994 to 2005 at Mount Sinai Hospital. The results of this review was compared with those of another group at the same institution. Results: The study included 242 patients. Of these patients, 183 (75.6%) had benign neoplasms, 51 (21.1%) had malignant neoplasms, and 8 (3.3%) had inflammatory or lymphatic lesions. The most common associated symptoms were swelling (17.4%) and pain (16.5%). Only 5.8% of patients presented with facial weakness; however, the likelihood of malignancy was high (64.3%). Total parotidectomy was reserved for 26.4% of patients; the majority (68.2%) received a subtotal parotidectomy. Common postoperative complications included temporary facial nerve palsy (23.6%), Frey syndrome (12.4%), and salivary fistula (5.0%). Analysis of the correlation between fine-needle aspiration and final cytology revealed that fine-needle aspiration sensitivity and specificity were 60.0% and 96.1%, respectively. Comparison of these results with the other study at our institution revealed no significant differences in patient predictors or outcomes. Conclusions: These results were compared with those of a previous study conducted at the same institution between 1985 and 1993. There was no significant deviation from former trends. The presenting symptoms of facial nerve weakness and lymphadenopathy were found to be strong indicators of malignant disease. Facial pain was found not to be a reliable prognostic feature for malignancy.
Effects of exercises on bell's palsy: Systematic review of randomized controlled trials; OBJECTIVE:: This study examined the effects of facial exercises associated either with mirror or electromyogram (EMG) biofeedback with respect to complications of delayed recovery in Bell's palsy. PATIENTS:: Patients with unilateral idiopathic facial palsy were included in this review. INTERVENTIONS:: Facial exercises associated with mirror and/or EMG biofeedback as treatment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE:: Report of facial symmetry, synkinesis, lip mobility, and physical and social aspects. RESULTS:: Four studies of 132 met the eligibility criteria. The studies described mime therapy versus control (n ≤ 50), mirror biofeedback exercise versus control (n ≤ 27), "small" mirror movements versus conventional neuromuscular retraining (n ≤ 10), and EMG biofeedback + mirror training versus mirror training alone. The treatment length varied from 1 to 12 months. CONCLUSION:: Because of the small number of randomized controlled trials, it was not possible to analyze if the exercises, associated either with mirror or EMG biofeedback, were effective. In summary, the available evidence from randomized controlled trials is not yet strong enough to become integrated into clinical practice. © 2008, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Pseudotumour of the temporal bone: A usual cause of otorrhoea and facial palsy; An inflammatory pseudotumour of the temporal bone is a rare, idiopathic, fibro-inflammatory lesion which mimics malignancy. Although such a lesion is known to occur elsewhere in the body such as the liver, abdominal viscera, pelvis, thorax and the upper respiratory tract, the involvement of the temporal bone is extremely unusual. We present such a case in a 60-year-old man, which provided a great diagnostic challenge. We review the key radiological and histological results that confirmed the diagnosis and demonstrated for the first time that oral steroids alone may completely resolve the condition. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Extracapsular lumpectomy and SMAS flap for benign parotid tumours: An early outcome in a small number of cases on Frey's syndrome and facial nerve dysfunction; Parotidectomy is the most common approach for benign salivary neoplasms. The aim of the present study was to retrospectively analyse no. 34 extracapsular lumpectomies (ELs) performed with superficial musculoaponeurotic system (SMAS) flaps on 32 patients for benign parotid tumours. Based on the extent of the surgical defect the surgical resection was associated with sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle rotation flap in 8 patients, superficial temporal artery fascial flap (STAFF) in 2, and temporalis muscle rotation flap in 2. None of the patients affected by pleomorphic adenoma or Warthin's tumour had a complete facial palsy. Only 1 patient (2.9%) had a postoperative transient partial facial paralysis with incomplete eye closure. Neither haematoma formation, nor wound infection was observed, while seroma formation occurred in only 1 patient (2.9%). No cases of Frey's syndrome occurred. An SMAS flap should be performed in primary postparotidectomy reconstruction; a temporoparietal fascia flap (TPFF) if a major defect is anticipated, or when the SMAS has to be resected; an SCM muscle flap covered by an SMAS flap is the method of choice in more extensive rare defects. © 2008 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Spectrum of skull base tumors in children and adolescents: A series of 42 patients and review of the literature; Objective: This study aims to co TRIBUTE to the collective experience with the treatment of those skull base tumors exceptionally arising in children and adolescents. Materials and methods: We retrospectively reviewed 42 patients younger than 19 years and operated on for a skull base tumor between 1992 and 2002. We analyzed data regarding patient age, histology, tumor location, extent of resection, postoperative complications, and adjuvant therapies. Long-term outcomes were also tracked (functional sequelae, recurrence, mortality). Conclusion: The median age was 13.75 years. Twenty-two patients harbored a malignant tumor. Gross total resection was achieved for 78% of cases. Transient postoperative cerebrospinal fluid leak or infection affected ten patients, suggesting the need for reconstructive techniques. Nineteen patients received adjuvant therapy. Recurrence rate was 47%. At the end of the follow-up (median = 63 months), 14% of patients had a neurological deficit and 30% were dead. Middle cranial base tumors were associated with a poor prognosis. © Springer-Verlag 2008.
Surgical management of facial vascular anomalies: Role of intraoperative seventh nerve monitoring; Surgical management of facial hemangiomas, the most common childhood neoplasms and infiltrating facial vascular malformations, has the risk of injury to the facial nerve and remains controversial. The aim of this study was to analyze the use of the commercially available Neurosign 100® Nerve Monitor in those cases of facial vascular anomalies where resection was considered the appropriate treatment. On a prospective basis, six consecutive patients with deep (so-called infiltrating) vascular anomalies of the face (two hemangiomas, three lymphatic malformation, one lymphatico-venous malformation) were enrolled in this study. During surgical preparation, electromyographic (EMG) activity of the muscles innervated by the facial nerve was monitored. The variables collected included the patient's sex, age at surgery, location of the lesion and depth, prior treatment, diagnostic workup, site of skin incision, operating time, operative and postoperative complications, and reconstructive outcome. All lesions were resected without major bleeding. Postoperatively, all patients showed regular, symmetrical function of the facial nerve. The mean operating time was 136.7 min (range 90 to 240 min). During the preparation using surgical instruments, EMG activity was noted both as a graphic signal showing facial nerve activity and as an acoustic signal. In all patients, the branches of the facial nerve were identified clinically by electrode stimulation at 30 Hz. Postoperatively, all patients had improvement of facial asymmetry and deformity; preoperative pain episodes and functional impairments resolved completely. Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring provides feedback regarding the location, extent, and ongoing functional status of the facial nerve in the surgical management of infiltrating benign lesions such as hemangiomas and vascular malformations. Besides an overall distinct indication for surgery, we recommend its use for prevention of iatrogenic facial nerve injury. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Excellent response to letrozole in brain metastases from breast cancer; Breast cancer with multiple parenchymal brain metastases carries an extremely poor outcome. Cranial radiotherapy improves survival by only a few months and the role of systemic therapy is marginal and largely unexplored. We report a patient with recurrent carcinoma of breast presenting with multiple bilateral cervical nodes and brain metastases manifesting as a right hemiparesis and facial nerve palsy, who was treated with palliative whole brain irradiation and letrozole. At the follow up at 20 months, neurological function had fully recovered, and both cerebral and extracerebral lesions had completely resolved, with calcification of the cerebral lesions. This report suggests that letrozole has beneficial effects both in extracranial and intracranial disease in hormone responsive metastatic breast cancer. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Vertebrobasilar ischemia after cervical spine manipulation: A case report; Introduction: The most serious accidents after cervical spine manipulation are vertebrobasilar ischemia. Their incidence is underestimated. Their risk of apparition is lower if the contraindications are respected and if they are realised according to suitable practice. Case report: Mrs B, 39 years old, was an active smoker and had migraine for 10 years ago. One day, she presented an unusual headache associated with neck pain that was treated by a cervical spine manipulation. Seven hours after, she developed an alternate syndrome with a right sensory motor defect, a cerebellar syndrome, a pyramidal syndrome and a left defect of cranial nerves. The arteriography showed a thrombosis of the basilar trunk and a dissection of the left vertebral artery. A thrombolysis "in situ" was realized six hours and a half after the onset of the neurological defects. After eight months of rehabilitation, there were still a paralysis of the right upper limb, of the cranial nerves and a cerebellar syndrome but the patient was able to walk with two crutches and can eat by herself. Discussion: Several risk factors were present in this case and there was also a major contraindication to manipulations: unusual acute occipital headache. Given the long period between the onset of neurological symptoms and the confirmation of the diagnosis, intravenous thrombolysis could not be done. Unfortunately, after eight months, important neurological sequelas persisted. In order to avoid this type of accident after cervical manipulations, it is necessary to realize a strict medical examination and to implement the recommendations from the French society of manual and orthopaedic osteopathic medicine (Société française de médecine manuelle orthopédique et ostéopathique [SOFMMOO]). © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
[Surgical treatment in otogenic facial nerve palsy].; To study the character of facial nerve palsy due to four different auris diseases including chronic otitis media, Hunt syndrome, tumor and physical or chemical factors, and to discuss the principles of the surgical management of otogenic facial nerve palsy. The clinical characters of 24 patients with otogenic facial nerve palsy because of the four different auris diseases were retrospectively analyzed, all the cases were performed surgical management from October 1991 to March 2007. Facial nerve function was evaluated with House-Brackmann (HB) grading system. The 24 patients including 10 males and 14 females were analysis, of whom 12 cases due to cholesteatoma, 3 cases due to chronic otitis media, 3 cases due to Hunt syndrome, 2 cases resulted from acute otitis media, 2 cases due to physical or chemical factors and 2 cases due to tumor. All cases were treated with operations included facial nerve decompression, lesion resection with facial nerve decompression and lesion resection without facial nerve decompression, 1 patient's facial nerve was resected because of the tumor. According to HB grade system, I degree recovery was attained in 4 cases, while II degree in 10 cases, III degree in 6 cases, IV degree in 2 cases, V degree in 2 cases and VI degree in 1 case. Removing the lesions completely was the basic factor to the surgery of otogenic facial palsy, moreover, it was important to have facial nerve decompression soon after lesion removal.
Bilateral internal carotid artery dissections related to pregnancy and childbirth; We illustrate a 35 years old woman presenting with acute left hemiplegia three weeks after caesarean section. Cerebral MRI demonstrated acute right frontoparietal ischemic stroke, while angiographic investigations provided acute occlusion of the proximal right internal carotid artery due to a dissection and two additional dissections of the proximal and distal contralateral internal carotid artery. A skin biopsy revealed alterations like in some types of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. Pregnancy, caesarean section, and possibly hormonal implicated connective tissue changes may have contributed to the dissections. Remarkably a second pregnancy with a close ultrasonographic vascular monitoring two years later succeeded upon caesarean section without complications, which gives an important input in the gestational guidance of risk patients. © I. Holzapfel Publishers 2008.
Nanotechnology in vaccine delivery; With very few adjuvants currently being used in marketed human vaccines, a critical need exists for novel immunopotentiators and delivery vehicles capable of eliciting humoral, cellular and mucosal immunity. Such crucial vaccine components could facilitate the development of novel vaccines for viral and parasitic infections, such as hepatitis, HIV, malaria, cancer, etc. In this review, we discuss clinical trial results for various vaccine adjuvants and delivery vehicles being developed that are approximately nanoscale (< 1000 nm) in size. Humoral immune responses have been observed for most adjuvants and delivery platforms while only viral vectors, ISCOMs and Montanide™ ISA 51 and 720 have shown cytotoxic T cell responses in the clinic. MF59 and MPL® have elicited Th1 responses, and virus-like particles, non-degradable nanoparticles and liposomes have also generated cellular immunity. Such vaccine components have also been evaluated for alternative routes of administration with clinical successes reported for intranasal delivery of viral vectors and proteosomes and oral delivery of a VLP vaccine.
Tick-borne encephalitis in Styrian children from 1981 to 2005: A retrospective study and a review of the literature; Background: Tick-borne encephalitis in children appears to be more benign than in adults and shows also a more favourable outcome. Only some authors report of sequelae like paralysis, paresis or seizures and behavioural abnormalities. The aim was to describe the clinical features of tick-borne encephalitis in children with special attention to sequelae and to review the literature. Methods: Retrospective review of all charts of children with serologically confirmed tick-borne encephalitis hospitalised in Styria between 1981 and 2005. Results: One hundred sixteen children were diagnosed with tick-borne encephalitis. Ninety-two children (79.3%) developed meningitis and 24 (20.7%) meningoencephalitis. Eleven patients with meningoencephalitis showed somnolence, 5 confusion, 5 tremors, 2 facial palsy, 1 ataxia, 1 epileptic seizure and 1 hemi paresis. Seven patients had to be admitted to the intensive care unit. Two children (1.7%) developed long time neurological sequelae: one epileptic seizure with requirement of antiepileptic therapy and one left-sided hemi paresis. One hundred twelve children had been not and 3 incompletely vaccinated against tick-borne encephalitis. Only one child had been fully vaccinated according to the Austrian vaccination schedule. Conclusion: Our study provides further evidence that tick-borne encephalitis in children has a substantial morbidity and in single cases severe long-time neurological sequelae are observed. © 2008 The Author(s).
External auditory exostoses: Evaluation and treatment; Objective: To determine (1) if external auditory exostosis (EAE) severity in a surgical exostosis population differs between ears and (2) the incidence of complications from postauricular canalplasty for EAE. Study Design: A retrospective review. Subjects and Methods: Three hundred twenty-seven patients (401 ears) underwent drill canalplasty for EAE from 1990 to 2006. EAE severity was graded, and air and bone thresholds were used to evaluate hearing changes. Results: There were no significant differences in surgery rate or severity between right and left ears (71% grade 3 in both ears), with 95 percent grade 3 in operated ears. Prolonged healing occurred in 4.5 percent, with 1 TM perforation (0.2%). Sensorineural hearing at 4 kHz worsened slightly (mean change = 3.7 dB, P ≤ 0.001), with 4.8 percent worsening >15 dB (maximum 30 dB), but sensorineural bone average was unchanged (mean = 0.2 dB). EAE recurred in 8 of 91 ears with long-term follow-up, occurring up to 15 years postsurgery. Conclusions: EAE severity in surgical patients does not differ between right and left ears. Drill canalplasty via the postauricular approach minimizes complications. © 2008 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
SPG11 - The most common type of recessive spastic paraplegia in Norway?; Background - Hereditary spastic paraplegias (HSP) are neurodegenerative diseases mainly characterized by lower limb spasticity with additional neurological symptoms and signs in complicated forms. Among the many autosomal recessive forms, SPG11 appears to be one of the most frequent. Objective - Our objective was to select potential SPG11 patients based on phenotypes in our material, identify eventual disease-causing variants with the collaboration of laboratories abroad, estimate the frequency and spectrum of SPG11-mutations and describe their associated phenotypes. Material and Methods - Two isolated cases and two affected members of one family with cognitive impairment and confirmed thin corpus callosum on magnetic resonance imaging were selected from our database for inclusion into a multicenter study. Results - Mutations were found in the two isolated cases but not in the proband of the family. Conclusion - We present the first SPG11-HSP in the Norwegian population. SPG11 should be suspected in patients with isolated or recessive HSP, thin corpus callosum and mental retardation. Copyright © 2008 The Authors.
Severe tissue necrosis following intra-arterial injection of endodontic calcium hydroxide: a case series; We present 2 cases of intra-arterial injection of endodontic calcium hydroxide via the root canal system of molar teeth. Nonsetting calcium hydroxide paste was used as a temporary dressing during endodontic treatment and in both cases delivered via an injectable syringe technique. Retrograde flow of the calcium hydroxide occurred along the artery until its origin where orthograde flow continued to the capillary bed. Case 1 demonstrates calcium hydroxide injected into the distal root canal of a lower second molar resulting in its distribution to the external carotid bed and case 2 demonstrates calcium hydroxide injected into the palatal root of an upper second molar with flow into the infraorbital artery. In both cases this resulted in severe clinical signs and symptoms ending in tissue necrosis. Long-term sequelae included scarring, deformity, and chronic pain. This case series illustrates the high toxicity of calcium hydroxide when displaced into vessels and soft tissues. Caution should be exercised when using injectable systems for endodontic calcium hydroxide. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Safety and efficacy of botulinum toxin therapy in otorhinolaryngology: Experience from 1,000 treatments; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to analyze the safety and efficacy of botulinum toxin (BTX) therapy in a series of 1,000 treatments on 261 consecutive patients at the University Department of Otorhinolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Cologne, Germany. STUDY DESIGN/METHODS: A prospective computer database was analyzed, and all patient charts were reviewed retrospectively. In doing so, the main focus was put on patient characteristics, treatment methods, efficacy, unwanted side effects, and reinjection rate. RESULTS: A total of 16 different indications were treated with BTX belonging to the categories of focal dystonias, focal hyperhidrotic syndromes, and cosmetic dermatology. The overall morbidity was 1.3%, exclusively consisting of minor side effects. These were all reversible and mostly caused by paralysis of adjacent musculature. We did not observe any severe complications. Three (1.2%) patients developed a secondary nonresponse to BTX type A (BTX-A). Their treatment was continued with BTX type B. In 2.8% of treatments, patients thought the clinical effect was weak and returned for reinjection within 4 weeks after the first treatment. CONCLUSION: The experience from the largest patient series known confirms that BTX-A injections are the therapy of choice for many forms of focal hyperhidrotic syndromes, focal dystonia, and hyperfunctional lines. It is an effective and safe treatment with only minor side effects. For optimal individual results, a thorough documentation of each treatment is necessary. Dosages should be as low as possible to reduce the probability of a patient developing a secondary nonresponse. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Functional muscle transfer and the variance of reinnervating axonal load: Part I. The facial nerve; BACKGROUND: Results of functional muscle transfer for the treatment of facial palsy vary. Surgical technique in such cases remains constant, with only the selected ramus of the buccal branch of the facial nerve changing. In this study, different-sized branches of the facial nerve were used to reinnervate a constant-sized muscle flap to see whether this might explain the spectrum of clinical results seen. METHODS: Twenty-four New Zealand White rabbits were divided into two groups of 12 animals. The rectus femoris muscle was raised as a free flap and transplanted to the cheek, after being coapted to a large (buccal) or small (marginal mandibular) branch of the facial nerve. Physiological testing of the flaps and histological examination of the muscle and motor nerve were undertaken. Half the animals from each group were euthanized at 6 months and the remaining at 9 months. In all cases, the contralateral rectus femoris muscle served as the control. RESULTS:: Improved physiological results were noted in the groups reinnervated by the larger nerve at both time points. Significant improvement in force production was also noted between time points in the large nerve group. These results were confirmed by histological studies. CONCLUSION: Varying sizes of reinnervating axonal load may be responsible for the varied outcomes observed clinically and may also explain the phenomenon of late-onset tightening. ©2008American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Guillain-Barré syndrome variant: Presenting with myalgias and acute facial diplegia; A patient with no significant medical history presented with myalgias, lower extremity weakness, and facial diplegia. Upon review of systems, the patient denied any other problems. Physical examination results were remarkable for weakness in the right leg and bilateral facial diplegia. Radiological and laboratory studies were unremarkable. Lumbar puncture revealed albuminocytological dissociation. The combined history, physical examination, and lumbar puncture results established a presumptive diagnosis of Guillain-Barré syndrome. The patient began a 5-day course of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy. At the end of the 5-day course, the patient had recovered 85% of her facial muscle function and experienced complete relief of her myalgias. Upon discharge, the patient was referred to physical therapy for improvement of her facial muscle impairment.
Neurological complications of herpes simplex virus type 2 infection; Herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2) infection is responsible for significant neurological morbidity, perhaps more than any other virus. Seroprevalence studies suggest that as many as 45 million people in the United States have been infected with HSV-2, and the estimated incidence of new infection is 1 million annually. Substantial numbers of these persons will manifest neurological symptoms that are generally, although not always, mild and self-limited. Despite a 50% genetic homology between HSV-1 and HSV-2, there are significant differences in the clinical manifestations of these 2 viruses. We herein review the neurological complications of HSV-2 infection. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Review of the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia with gamma knife radiosurgery; Background: Trigeminal neuralgia is a debilitating condition caused by compression of the trigeminal nerve, ganglions, or divisions. Gamma knife radiosurgery has been increasingly used in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia as a non-invasive alternative to microvascular decompression and rhizotomies. Methods: We reviewed the medical literature regarding outcomes, time course, and prognostic factors for successful pain control in gamma knife radiosurgery. The dosimetry, target, complications of treatment, as well as perceived quality of life in treatment were also reviewed. Results and Conclusion: The growing body of literature suggests that the low rates of complications of gamma knife radiosurgery, coupled with the high success rates and patient satisfaction, allow it to be increasingly used as primary intervention for trigeminal neuralgia for appropriate patients. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Overview of facial paralysis: Current concepts; Facial paralysis represents the end result of a wide array of disorders and heterogeneous etiologies, including congenital, traumatic, infectious, neoplastic, and metabolic causes. Thus, facial palsy has a diverse range of presentations, from transient unilateral paresis to devastating permanent bilateral paralysis. Although not life-threatening, facial paralysis remains relatively common and can have truly severe effects on one's quality of life, with important ramifications in terms of psychological impact and physiologic burden. Prognosis and outcomes for patients with facial paralysis are highly dependent on the etiologic nature of the weakness as well as the treatment offered to the patient. Facial plastic surgeons are often asked to manage the sequelae of long-standing facial paralysis. It is important, however, for any practitioner who assists this population to have a sophisticated understanding of the common etiologies and initial management of facial paralysis. This article reviews the more common causes of facial paralysis and discusses relevant early treatment strategies. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Treatment considerations in facial paralysis; Facial nerve paralysis and its sequelae are devastating to patients. For the reconstructive surgeon, the management of the patient with facial paralysis is challenging. There is a lack of consensus regarding the initial management. Then, there is the dizzying array of treatment options for each patient, including nonoperative observation, nerve transfers, static slings, dynamic muscle transfers, and chemodenervation. The appropriate timing of any intervention is often not clear. In this article, we will briefly outline some important considerations for the facial plastic surgeon in the management of facial paralysis. This includes the relevant anatomy and the initial evaluation. An overview of treatment options, with suggestions for the appropriate use of each option, is then provided. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Free tissue transfer for the treatment of facial paralysis; Long-standing facial paralysis requires the introduction of viable, innervated dynamic muscle to restore facial movement. The options include regional muscle transfer and microvascular free tissue transfer. There are advantages and disadvantages of each. Briefly, the regional muscle transfer procedures are reliable and provide immediate return of movement. However, the movement is not of a spontaneous mimetic nature. Free tissue transfer, in contrast, offers the possibility of synchronous, mimetic movement. It does, however, require a prolonged healing time in comparison with that of regional muscle transfer. The choice is made by physician and patient together, taking into account their preferences and biases. Muscle-alone free tissue transfer is our preferred option for reanimation of uncomplicated facial paralysis without skin or soft tissue deficits. Combined muscle and other tissue (most are skin flap) is another preferred option for more challenging complex facial paralysis with skin or soft tissue deficits after tumor excision. Gracilis flap is the author's first choice of muscle transplantation for both reconstructions. From 1986 to 2006, gracilis functioning free muscle transplantation (FFMT) was performed at Chang Gung Memorial Hospital for facial reanimation in 249 cases of facial paralysis. The main etiology is postoperative complication and Bell's palsy. The innervating nerve comes mostly from contralateral facial nerve branches, few from ipsilateral facial nerve due to tumor ablation, and from ipsilateral motor branch to masseter or spinal accessory nerve due to Möbius syndrome. We have evolutionally used a short nerve graft (10 to 15 cm) to cross the face in the first stage; after a 6- to 9-month waiting period, gracilis FFMT was performed for the second stage of the reconstruction. The technique of evolution has shown encouraging results to achieve the goal of rapid restoration and fewer scars on the donor leg. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Dynamic muscle transfer in facial reanimation; Dynamic muscle transfers offer the hope of improved facial support and symmetry, with volitional movement. These are most commonly employed for reanimation of the oral commissure to produce a smile. In addition, muscle transfers have been used successfully to reestablish eye closure. Facial paralysis of long-standing duration presents challenges quite distinct from paralysis that is managed early after onset. It is in this situation, most commonly, that dynamic muscle transfers are used. In this respect, the alternative is free tissue transfer. Each of these two options have advantages and disadvantages. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Static procedures for the management of the midface and lower face; Facial reanimation for facial paralysis continues to be an evolving field in facial reconstruction. Static procedures in the management of mid and lower facial paralysis include the use of facial slings made from autologous tissue, freeze-dried acellular human dermis, and expanded polytetrafluoroethylene. A newly described suspension technique using a multivector suture suspension stands to expand the tools that can be used by the reconstructive surgeon. This article describes and contrasts each of these techniques. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Management of the brow in facial paralysis; Management of the brow remains a challenging, important, and gratifying area in the care of facial paralysis patients. Aged facial paralysis patients generally require surgical management of brow ptosis. Young facial paralysis patients occasionally require surgical management of brow ptosis. Indications for surgical management, treatment options, and surgical approach are discussed. Consideration of factors such as age, forehead furrows, skin type, duration of paralysis, and degree of visual impairment are discussed in the context of treatment planning. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
The evaluation and treatment of lower eyelid paralysis; The lower eyelid conforms precisely across its length to the complex topography of the cornea, conjunctiva, and globe. Along with the upper eyelid, it protects the eye from foreign bodies, prevents desiccation, and helps circulate the tear film from its origin in the lacrimal gland to its drainage at the lacrimal puncta. Paralysis of the lower eyelid may result in ectropion, lid laxity, epiphora, and lagophthalmos. This article presents a structural approach to the evaluation and treatment of lower eyelid paralysis and describes the surgical procedures designed to correct the three-dimensional anatomic abnormalities underlying this disorder. These procedures are frequently performed in conjunction with upper lid procedures that are described in a previous article by Bergeron and Moe in this issue of the journal. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Management of synkinesis; Facial synkinesis is one of the most distressing consequences of facial paralysis. Synkinesis refers to the abnormal involuntary facial movement that occurs with voluntary movement of a different facial muscle group. The pathophysiologic basis of facial synkinesis is likely multifactorial although the predominant mechanism appears to be aberrant regeneration of facial nerve fibers to the facial muscle groups after facial nerve injury. Patients experience hypertonic contractures and synkinetic movements such as eye closure with volitional movement of the mouth or midfacial movement during volitional or reflexive eye closure. Synkinesis can cause functional limitation with activities such as eating, drinking, smiling, and may even lead to social isolation. Evaluation of synkinesis is primarily subjective with facial grading scales such as the Sunnybrook scale. Objective measures of synkinesis using computerized video analysis show promise although no objective techniques are currently widely used. The most common therapeutic modalities for the treatment of facial synkinesis include (1) botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) injections for selective chemodenervation of affected muscle groups and (2) facial neuromuscular retraining. Biofeedback using mirrors or electromyography has been used both for the treatment and prevention of facial synkinesis. Other treatment options include surgical therapies, such as selective neurolysis or myectomy, although these have been rendered nearly obsolete with the advent of BTX-A. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Facial rehabilitation: A neuromuscular reeducation, patient-centered approach; Individuals with facial paralysis and distorted facial expressions and movements secondary to a facial neuromotor disorder experience substantial physical, psychological, and social disability. Previously, facial rehabilitation has not been widely available or considered to be of much benefit. An emerging rehabilitation science of neuromuscular reeducation and evidence for the efficacy of facial neuromuscular reeducation, a process of facilitating the return of intended facial movement patterns and eliminating unwanted patterns of facial movement and expression, may provide patients with disorders of facial paralysis or facial movement control opportunity for the recovery of facial movement and function. We provide a brief overview of the scientific rationale for facial neuromuscular reeducation in the structure and function of the facial neuromotor system, the neuropsychology of facial expression, and relations among expressions, movement, and emotion. The primary purpose is to describe principles of neuromuscular reeducation, assessment and outcome measures, approach to treatment, the process, including surface-electromyographic biofeedback as an adjunct to reeducation, and the goal of enhancing the recovery of facial expression and function in a patient-centered approach to facial rehabilitation. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Facial paralysis: Research and future directions; Facial paralysis has fascinated physicians through the centuries. Management of the condition has evolved extensively over the past 50 years, relying largely upon neural repair techniques and static techniques prior to the 1940s, followed by heavy emphasis on regional muscle transfer by the 1970s. With the advent of the operating microscope and the development of microinstrumentation, in the mid-1970s free tissue transfer became technically feasible, and new techniques quickly ensued that introduced functioning muscle as a viable and valuable option in the management of the paralyzed face. These techniques have been subject to continual refinement to improve their reliability and reduce morbidity. In the modern era of evidence-based medicine, the field of facial nerve management has expanded exponentially with critical questions that will help future facial reanimation surgeons refine the approach for patients with acute and long-standing facial paralysis. This article will discuss current research areas with respect to assessment and management of the facial nerve patient, as well as future surgical outcomes. We will also present the state of both clinical research and contemporary basic science issues relevant to facial nerve disorders. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
The evaluation and treatment of upper eyelid paralysis; Patients with upper lid paralysis suffer from a loss of the blink reflex/response in the affected eye, leaving the eye vulnerable to a host of predatory insults. Partial or total impairment of the orbicularis oculi muscle, lagophthalmos, disruption of the lacrimal apparatus, upper lid retraction, and the unopposed pull of gravity on the surrounding paralyzed tissues all contribute to increased corneal exposure and an increased risk of exposure keratitis. Management of the upper lid in these patients must therefore focus on restoration of the effects of the blink reflex/response and prevention of corneal exposure. Relevant anatomy and pathophysiology are discussed. The initial treatment is supportive, with surgery reserved for those patients that fall into two categories: those who have failed nonsurgical treatment to protect the cornea and those who have been treated effectively with conservative measures but are faced with the prospect of long-term or permanent paralysis. A variety of surgical procedures that may be classified as either static or dynamic are discussed. Standard static procedures include lid loading and tarsorrhaphy, whereas the palpebral spring implant and the temporalis muscle transfer are classified as dynamic. The goal of the corrective procedures is to allow complete eye closure, thereby providing corneal protection, with minimal (1 mm or less) ptosis in the open position. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Möbius syndrome: A case with oral involvement; Möbius syndrome is a rare congenital condition that is characterized clinically by paralysis of a group of cranial nerves. It presents diverse manifestations that can have negative repercussions on the quality of life of affected individuals. This article presents a clinical case of a child with the syndrome and addressed the clinical manifestations and difficulties experienced during dental treatment. Knowledge of the etiopathological aspects and clinical manifestations of the condition is essential to perfecting treatments that aim to improve the quality of life of such individuals and their families.
Complete facial palsy following surgery for acoustic nerve neurinoma: Evolution and associated ophthalmological complications; Objective: To evaluate the fraction of patients recovering to normal function after complete facial nerve paralysis secondary to acoustic neuroma surgery, and also to address the ophthalmologic complications associated with it and the therapeutic options. Material and method: We performed a retrospective review of 30 cases operated on in our department for acoustic neuroma and who, despite anatomical preservation of the facial nerve, developed a complete post-operative facial nerve paralysis (grade VI of House-Brackmann [HB]). We analyzed the evolution of the facial paralysis in relation to the tumour size, patient age, surgical approach and localization of the tumour. In addition, we studied the ophthalmologic complications and their treatment. Results: Only 5 of the 30 cases studied (16.6 %) recovered to normal facial nerve function (HB grade I). We observed a tendency for a poor recovery of the cases with tumour size bigger than 2 cm, males, those older than 65 years and lesions resected by the translabyrinthine approach. Only 1 patient presented serious ophthalmologic complications. Conclusions: Our study reveals that only a small percentage of patients achieve total recovery of facial function. We have to be on the alert to ocular complications in this kind of patient.
Sudden-onset bilateral hearing loss: Case report; An ischaemic infarction of the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) is usually associated with vertigo, hearing loss, facial palsy, nystagmus, or truncal ataxia; it is often accompanied by other brainstem or cerebellar signs. Sudden-onset bilateral hearing loss without associated neurological symptoms is infrequent in the literature. We report a case of sudden bilateral hearing loss, later diagnosed as AICA infarction without other symptoms.
Cranial neuralgias: From physiopathology to pharmacological treatment; Cranial neuralgias are paroxysmal painful disorders of the head characterised by some shared features such as unilaterality of symptoms, transience and recurrence of attacks, superficial and "shock-like" quality of pain and the presence of triggering factors. Although rare, these disorders must be promptly recognised as they harbour a relatively high risk for underlying compressive or inflammatory disease. Nevertheless, misdiagnosis is frequent. Trigeminal and glossopharyngeal neuralgias are sustained in most cases by a neurovascular conflict in the posterior fossa resulting in a hyperexcitability state of the trigeminal circuitry. If the aetiology of trigeminal neuralgia (TN) and other typical neuralgias must be brought back to the peripheral injury, their pathogenesis could involve central allodynic mechanisms, which, in patients with inter-critical pain, also engage the nociceptive neurons at the thalamic-cortical level. Currently available medical treatments for TN and other cranial neuralgias are reviewed. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008.
Neuroborreliosis; Borrelia burgdorferi infection is a frequent disease in our country. The neurological complications of this infection are found essentially in the early dissemination stage and in the late stage of the disease. Neuroborreliosis symptoms are most often characterized by radiculalgia resisting to treatment, sometimes associated to a cranial neuropathy, predominantly facial The evolution is satisfactory under adapted antibiotherapy. This antiobiotherapy remains necessary despite the fact that most neuroborreliosis complications resolve spontaneously. Treatment permits to avoid the appearance of late complications or of possible extraneurological symptoms.
Angiosarcoma of the temporal bone; Angiosarcoma of the temporal bone is an extremely rare malignant tumor, which originates from vascular endothelium. We describe a case of a 57-year-old woman, initially presenting with progressive hearing loss, otorrhea as well as facial palsy diagnosed as a mastoiditis elsewhere. After subtotal mastoidectomy histological examination revealed an angiosarcoma of the mastoid. Since the tumor was not completely removed lateral petrosectomy and postoperative radiotherapy were performed. Afterwards the patient developed local recurrence with intracerebral tumor extension. During palliative polychemotherapy the patient developed a pneumonia and deceased. In this manuscript the morphology, imaging characteristics and current treatment options of angiosarcomas of the lateral skull base are reviewed and discussed. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Heerfordt syndrome with unilateral facial nerve palsy: A rare presentation of sarcoidosis; Background: Heerfordt syndrome is rare and is characterized by fever, uveitis, parotid gland enlargement, and facial nerve palsy. We hereby present a case of Heerfordt syndrome with unilateral facial nerve palsy as a presentation of sarcoidosis. History and Signs: A 29-year-old male patient from Sri Lanka presented with eye redness OU, blurred vision OD, fever, headache, night sweat, fatigue, and weight loss (5 kg over 1 month). Examination revealed mild anterior uveitis OU, mild vitritis OD, fundus whitish lesions OU, left otalgia, taste disorders, bilateral parotid gland enlargement, and left facial nerve palsy. Work-up for infection or tumour was negative. Chest computed tomography and transbronchial lymph node biopsy set the diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Therapy and Outcome: The patient recovered completely within 2 months under therapy with prednisone and azathioprine. One year after onset of treatment, no recurrence was noted. Conclusions: Heerfordt syndrome is a rare manifestation of neurosarcoidosis and has to be included in the differential diagnosis of facial nerve palsy. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
A case of suspected multiple sclerosis with transcallosal lesions involving the upper surface of the corpus callosum; A 26-year-old woman noticed gradually progressive, right lower leg weakness over a 1.5-month period. Neurological examination revealed right hemiparesis with slightly increased deep tendon reflexes, Babinski's sign on the right side, loss of position sense in the right leg, and slight loss of superficial sensation in the right toes. MR FLAIR images showed a high intensity area measuring 5 x 2 x 3 cm in the left frontal lobe, extending to the outer surface of the body of the corpus callosum and the adjacent right cingulate gyrus. Gadolinium enhancement was seen along the cortex and the outer surface of the body of the corpus callosum. CSF findings showed no pleocytosis, a protein content of 32 mg/dl, a sugar level of 85 mg/dl, and an IgG index of 0.46. The biopsy specimen obtained from the superior frontal gyrus showed perivascular cuffing of T-lymphocytes and some B-lymphocytes, as well as multiple small foci of demyelination. Starting on the second day of admission, the patient was treated with methylprednisolone pulse therapy (1,000 mg/day for 3 days); she was then switched to oral prednisolone (20 mg/day). Thereafter, the patient had two clinical relapses: one was due to a lesion in the dorsal part of the medulla oblongata associated with a disturbance of deep sensation in both hands, and the other was due to a lesion involving the right internal capsule, the globus pallidus, and the caudate nucleus associated with left facial nerve palsy. Visual evoked potentials suggested a demyelinating lesion in the right optic nerve. We suspected a diagnosis of multiple sclerosis based on the presence of more than two clinical episodes of neurological deficits with identifiable lesions on MRI. Multiple sclerosis should be considered in the differential diagnosis of lesions located in the outer part of the corpus callosum and transcallosal bilateral hemispheres on MRI, even though inner callosal lesions are common in multiple sclerosis.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the external auditory canal; Objectives: This study aims to analyze the treatments, prognostic variables, and outcomes of patients with squamous cell carcinomas (SCC) of the external auditory canal (EAC) and middle ear treated in our department over a 15-year period. Design: A retrospective analysis of 19 patients treated in our department between 1990 and 2006. The patients were staged according to the Pittsburgh classification. Patients were treated with either a lateral (LTBR) or an extended temporal bone resection (total or subtotal). Parotidectomy was performed in patients with suspected clinical or radiological invasion and postoperative radiotherapy was the adjuvant treatment in most patients in advanced stages. Results: The overall 5-year survival was 37%. There were no patients in stage I. The survival rates were 100%, 25%, and 16% for stages II, III, and IV, respectively. Facial nerve paralysis (p=0.007) and lymph node involvement (p=0.006) were associated with decreased survival rates. Conclusion: SCC of the temporal bone are rare but have a poor prognosis. Lymph node involvement and facial nerve palsy are associated with a poorer outcome. These tumors must initially be treated radically, for which an early diagnosis is important.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome presenting as simple otitis externa; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is a rare complication of herpes zoster in which reactivation of latent varicella zoster virus infection occurs in the geniculate ganglion, causing otalgia, auricular vesicles and peripheral facial paralysis. Because these symptoms do not always present at the onset, this syndrome can be misdiagnosed. We report the case of a patient who was diagnosed with simple otitis externa after presenting to the emergency department (ED) with a 3-day history of right-sided otalgia. Her condition subsequently evolved to include right-sided auricular vesicles and right-sided facial weakness. She presented to the ED again after 2 days and was correctly diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. We describe the clinical presentation, diagnostic findings and management of this uncommon but important entity.
Beyond cat scratch disease: Widening spectrum of Bartonella henselae infection; Bartonella henselae was discovered a quarter of a century ago as the causative agent of cat scratch disease, a clinical entity described in the literature for more than half a century. As diagnostic techniques improve, our knowledge of the spectrum of clinical disease resulting from infection with Bartonella is expanding. This review summarizes current knowledge regarding the microbiology, clinical manifestations, diagnostic techniques, and treatment of B henselae infection. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma with a frozen globe; A 42-year-old previously healthy woman presented with a 5-week history of headache, facial numbness, proptosis, motility restriction, and visual loss. CT showed soft-tissue infiltration involving the posterior ethmoids, pterygopalatine fossa, and posterior inferior orbit. Histopathologic analysis of a biopsy specimen disclosed a highly aggressive and undifferentiated neoplasm with an immunophenotype and ultrastructural features consistent with an epithelial origin, which was most consistent with a diagnosis of sinonasal indifferentiated carcinoma. The tumor was unresectable and the patient was started on a course of radiation and chemotherapy. ©2008 The American Society of Opthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Inc.
Conservative management of acute mastoiditis in children; Objective: To review the current management of acute mastoiditis with critical emphasis on the role of myringotomy. Design: A retrospective chart review. Setting: Tertiary-care, university affiliated children's hospital. Patients: One hundred and forty-four consecutive children hospitalized for acute mastoiditis between the years 1991 and 2002. Interventions: All children were treated with parenteral antibiotics (conservative management). Myringotomy was performed at the discretion of the otolaryngologist on-call. Main outcome measures: Comparing outcomes of children with or without myringotomy regarding hospital stay, complications and the need for surgical interventions. Results: Myringotomy was performed in 34.6% of episodes. The children who underwent myringotomy were found to be significantly younger (22.4 compared to 28.8 months, p = 0.028) and had more complications (n = 17 vs. n = 8, p < 0.001). Complications overall occurred in 16.3% of episodes. Performing myringotomy had no significant effect on the duration of hospital stay. Children pretreated with antibiotics underwent significantly less myringotomies p = 0.027. There were no significant differences between children who underwent myringotomy and those who did not with regard to WBC count, or ESR. Conclusions: These findings suggest that myringotomy may not be required in all cases of acute mastoiditis. Parenteral antibiotics is sufficient in most cases. Criteria for myringotomy may include a younger age. Conservative management resulted in good outcomes in this series. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acyclovir plus steroid vs steroid alone in the treatment of Bell's palsy; Purpose: The pathogenetic mechanism of Bell's palsy is thought to involve herpes simplex virus reactivation within the geniculate ganglion, followed by inflammation and entrapment of the nerve at the meatal foramen. We therefore compared the therapeutic effect of acyclovir plus steroid vs steroid alone, in combination with physical therapy, in patients with Bell's palsy. Materials and methods: In a double-blind, randomized, prospective trial, 91 patients were randomized to treatment with acyclovir and prednisone (44 patients) or prednisone alone (47 patients). All patients underwent physical therapy. The follow-up period was greater than 6 months or encompassed the period of complete recovery from paralysis. House-Brackmann grade was evaluated 2 and 6 months after onset, with complete and satisfactory recovery defined as House-Brackmann grades I and II, respectively. Results: The overall recovery rate of patients treated with steroid and acyclovir (93.1%) was greater than that of patients treated with steroid alone (85.1%), but the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: The benefit of acyclovir in Bell's palsy has not been definitively established. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Temporal disconnection as an alternative treatment for intractable temporal lobe epilepsy: Techniques, complications and results; Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is the most common form of intractable partial epilepsy in adults. Surgery (lobectomy or amygdalohippocampectomy) is effective in most patients. However, some complications can occur and brain shift, hematoma into the post operative cavity and occulomotor nerve palsy have been reported due to the surgical technic. We report the technique, safety and efficacy of temporal disconnection in nonlesional TLE. Forty-seven patients (18 males, 29 females; handedness: 12 left, 33 right; aged 35 years ± 10; mean duration of epilepsy: 24 ± 10 years) underwent temporal disconnection (20 left, 27 right) guided by neuronavigation. Sixteen patients (35 %) underwent additional presurgical evaluation with SEEG. The outcome was assessed using Engel's classification. At the two-year follow-up, 85 % of the patients were seizure-free (Engel I), 26 (58 %) of whom were Ia. Postoperative persistent morbidity included mild hemiparesis (n = 1), mild facial paresis (n = 1), quadranopsia (n = 23) and hemianopia (n = 1). Verbal memory worsened in 13 % of cases when the disconnection was performed in the dominant lobe. MRI follow-up showed two cases of nonsymptomatic thalamic or pallidal limited ischemias, two cases of temporal horn-cystic dilatation, one requiring surgical reintervention without sequelae. There was one case of postoperative phlebitis. In the seizure-free patient group, postoperative EEG showed interictal temporal spikes at three months, one year and two years located in the anterior temporal region. Temporal disconnection is effective, prevents the occurrence of subdural cyst and hematomas in the temporal cavity, prevents the occurrence of oculomotor palsy, and limits the occurrence of quadranopsia. However, comparative studies are required to evaluate temporal disconnection as an alternative to lobectomy in nonlesional TLE. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
[The first experience with gold eyelid implants in facial nerve palsies].; The authors in a clinical study refer about their first experience of gold eyelid implants application in lagophthalmos treatment in facial nerve (cranial nerve VII) palsies. The implant, thanks its weight and the gravitation, facilitates to the patients to close their interpalpebral fissure. The implants are implanted in to the subcutis of the upper eyelid and are sutured to the anterior surface of the tarsal plate. The aim of the surgery is to lower the risk of the damage of the eye due to the exposure keratopathy and to allow the patients to control better the eyelid function. The gold as a material is well tolerated by the human body. The shape of the implant and the way of application ensure good functional results. Altogether 5 adult patients were operated on at the Department of Ophthalmology. The House-Brackmann score was used to evaluate the effectiveness of the surgery, or the stage of the closing of the interpalpebral fissure before and after the surgery. This score evaluates the palpebral sphincter function according the grade of involvement. The selection of the implants, their indication and surgery procedure are discussed.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Case report and review of the literature; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is characterized by a triad of signs: oedema of the face and lips, recurrent peripheral facial nerve paralysis, and fissured tongue (lingua plicata). Monosymptomatic or oligosymptomatic forms of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome are common. Aetiology is still unclear. Genetic, autoimmune and infectious factors have been proposed. The authors present a case of a 40-year-old man with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome treated with good effect by combination therapy consisting of intralesional injection of triamcinolone, and oral dapsone. The authors also review the literature of clinical presentation and current treatment of this rare syndrome.
Management of complications in cochlear implantation; Conclusion. Cochlear implantation (CI) remains a safe procedure with a low complication rate. Nevertheless, advances in surgical techniques and the optimization of treatment modalities would further reduce complications. Objective. To assess the complications of CI and describe the management of each complication encountered at our hospital. Patients and methods. This study involved 720 patients that underwent implantation from November 1988 through April 2007. Mean age at implantation was 13.6 years (range 12 months to 83 years). Patients were followed up regularly with a mean follow-up of 42 months (range 4-81 months). Results. No death was attributed to device implantation. Major complications included: device failure in 12 patients, misplaced electrodes in 4, hematoma in 3, flap necrosis in 3, magnet displacement in 2, facial nerve twitching in 2, electrode exposure in 2, external auditory canal keratoma in 1, immediate facial nerve paralysis in 1, and skin flap irritation due to the suture material in 1. The overall major complication rate was 4.2% (30/720), and there were 37 minor complications (5.1%), which were resolved by conservative treatment or minor intervention. Minor complications included temporary vertigo in 17 patients, facial twitching in 11, hematoma in 4, subcutaneous emphysema in 3, and temporary facial nerve paralysis in 2. © 2008 Taylor & Francis.
MRI features of mandibular osteomyelitis: practical criteria based on an association with conventional radiography features and clinical classification; Objectives: The aims of this study were (1) to assess the diagnostic power of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for mandibular osteomyelitis through comparison with conventional techniques and (2) to establish practical MRI diagnostic criteria in relation to treatment and clinical outcome. Study design: In 55 subjects, clinically suspected as mandibular osteomyelitis, signal intensities (SI) were evaluated on T1-weighted/short T1 inversion recovery (STIR) images. Results: Forty-seven subjects were definitively diagnosed as having osteomyelitis by pathology studies or clinical course. For the acute or subacute stage, positively associated appearances were low SI on T1-weighted image and extensive high or focal high SI on the STIR image. For chronic stage, appearances of low SI on both T1-weighted and STIR images should be added to those for the acute or subacute stage. These findings support the at-present accepted imaging diagnostic criteria based on bony changes for detection of osteomyelitis. Conclusion: This study confirms that T1-weighted/STIR images are useful for the detection of mandibular osteomyelitis. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Subtle Presentation of Isolated Brainstem Injury in a Child With Minor Head Injury; Fallen television sets can cause significant injuries in toddlers. We report the case of a child with a focal brainstem injury who presented with subtle physical examination findings, which eventually led to aspiration and airway compromise. This case illustrates the importance of maintaining a high index of suspicion and performing a careful physical examination in traumatized, preverbal children who sustain an apparently minor head injury. The limitation of computed tomography studies in detecting brainstem injury is also discussed. © 2008 American College of Emergency Physicians.
Gait analysis outcomes of percutaneous medial hamstring tenotomies in children with cerebral palsy; BACKGROUND: Hamstring lengthening procedures are commonly performed on children with cerebral palsy (CP) to improve gait. The purpose of this study was to determine the efficacy of percutaneous hamstring tenotomy surgery for children with ambulatory CP. METHODS: In this retrospective study, subjects were included if they had a diagnosis of CP and had computerized gait analysis data collected before and after surgery. Subjects were not included in the study if they had any open hamstring lengthening on the same side. Other concomitant lower extremity surgeries were not exclusionary. Short- and long-term follow-up groups were established: if the time from their surgery to their gait laboratory was less than 18 months, they were placed in the short-term follow-up group, and if the time from their surgery to their gait laboratory was greater than 18 months, they were placed in the long-term follow-up group. RESULTS: The results demonstrated that for short- and long-term groups on preoperative to postoperative analysis, there was significantly improved knee extension at initial contact, increased velocity, increased stride length, improved overall gait as indicated by a decrease in a 16 variable multivariate index (Gillette Gait Index), and a decreased popliteal angle. For the short-term group only, additional significant findings included increased peak knee extension in stance and reduced plantar flexion at initial contact. The absolute values of peak knee extension in stance and plantar flexion at initial contact were equivalent at follow-up for the short- and long-term groups. Increased anterior pelvic tilt was also significant for the short-term follow-up group only. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study demonstrate that the minimally invasive technique of percutaneous hamstring tenotomy is effective in improving key dynamic gait parameters for individuals with CP for a short period, and these benefits are maintained in the long term. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level IV. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Cranial neuropathy as a presenting sign of recurrent aggressive skin cancer; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to identify and characterize recurrent skin cancers of the head and neck presenting with cranial neuropathies and to review the presentation and the management for this rare subset of cutaneous neoplasms. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective review was performed for all patients with previous related cutaneous neoplasms presenting with cranial neuropathies referred to a single academic tertiary-care head and neck tumor program from 1999 to 2007. Six cases of head and neck carcinoma with demonstrable cranial neuropathy were identified and analyzed by clinical history, radiographic and surgical findings, and treatment and survival data. A review of the literature, pertinent anatomy, imaging studies, and surgical/nonsurgical management are summarized for these aggressive neurotropic malignancies. RESULTS: Cranial neuropathy was the presenting symptom of recurrent disease in all six patients. Four presented with multiple cranial neuropathies. All exhibited neuropathy of the trigeminal nerve (cranial nerve V). The tumors involved were squamous cell carcinoma (4) and melanoma (2). All patients were multiply symptomatic, presenting with a mean of three neurologic symptoms, including facial numbness (5), facial paralysis or weakness (3), facial pain (3), diplopia (3), paresthesia (3), hearing loss (1), or formication (2). Symptoms were present for an average of 7 months prior to diagnosis of perineural recurrence. Cranial nerve involvement was confirmed in all patients by magnetic resonance imaging, and five patients manifested histologic evidence of perineural tumor infiltration. Treatment consisted of various combinations of surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy for five patients, and one patient declined any intervention. Death rate subsequent to disease was 50%, and follow-up has continued within our institution on all patients for an average of 25.5 months (range, 3-72 months). CONCLUSION: Cranial neuropathy is a rare presentation of recurrent cutaneous neoplasms of the head and neck. Given this infrequent occurrence and shared features of presentation, these highly morbid tumors are often mistakenly diagnosed as Bell's palsy or trigeminal neuralgia. Our findings corroborate previous reports of diagnostic delay, increased tumor burden, and worsened morbidity and mortality associated with such cutaneous malignancies. The critical utility of radiologic imaging for staging and tumor delineation are also supported by our institutional data. © 2008 by the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery, Inc.
Peripheral facial palsy secondary to middle-ear overpressure; Facial baroparesis is an ischemic neurapraxia of the facial nerve. It occurs after airplane trips or prolonged diving. This paralysis is due to the tympanic promontory. Several promoting factors have been identified, including tubal dysfunction, hypotension, and neurotropic virus. Simple maneuvers can make it disappear : yawning, swallowing, or a Toynbee maneuver. Treatment is based on normobaric or even hyperbaric oxygen therapy. During airplane flights, the paralysis often disappears at landing. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Symptomatic Treatment of Huntington Disease; Summary: Huntington disease (HD) is a progressive heredoneurodegenerative disease manifested by chorea and other hyperkinetic (dystonia, myoclonus, tics) and hypokinetic (parkinsonism) movement disorders. In addition, a variety of psychiatric and behavioral symptoms, along with cognitive decline, contribute significantly to the patient's disability. Because there are no effective neuroprotective therapies that delay the progression of the disease, symptomatic treatment remains the cornerstone of medical management. Several classes of medications have been used to ameliorate the various symptoms of HD, including typical and atypical neuroleptics, dopamine depleters, antidepressants, antiglutamatergic drugs, GABA agonists, antiepileptic medications, acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, and botulinum toxin. Recently, surgical approaches including pallidotomy, deep brain stimulation, and fetal cell transplants have been used for the symptomatic treatment of HD. The selected therapy must be customized to the needs of each patient, minimizing the potential adverse effects. The primary aim of this article is to review the role of the different therapies, both available and investigational, for the treatment of the motor, psychiatric, behavioral, and cognitive symptoms of HD, and to examine their impact on the patient's functionality and quality of life. © 2008 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc.
Clinical applications of natural killer T cell-based immunotherapy for cancer; Human invariant Vα24 natural killer T (NKT) cells are a novel, distinct lymphocyte population, characterized by an invariant T-cell receptor Vα24 chain paired with Vβ11. Vα24 NKT cells are activated by a specific glicolipid ligand, α-GalCer, and rapidly produce a large amount of Th1 and Th2 cytokines, thereby modulating other immune cells such as antigen-specific CD4 and CD8 T cells, NK cells, and dendritic cells. Recent studies have shown that NKT cells play pivotal regulatory roles in many immune responses, including antitumor immunity. We herein review the quantitative alteration and functional deterioration of circulating Vα24 NKT cells in various cancer-bearing patients. We also summarize the recent progress in the clinical studies of NKT cell-based tumor immunotherapy. Novel immunological results including the increased peripheral blood Vα24 NKT cells and IFN-producing cells after the immunotherapy were revealed. The details of the safety profile and the antitumor responses were also disclosed. Although the objective clinical responses still remain unclear, some encouraging results have emerged. Therefore, NKT cell-based immunotherapy may potentially be an effective strategy for the treatment of cancer patients. © 2008 Japanese Cancer Association.
The preauricular subtemporal approach for transcranial petrous apex tumors; OBJECTIVE: To review our series of 51 patients with transcranial petrous apex tumors who were surgically managed through a preauricular subtemporal approach. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective analysis of patient medical records. SETTING: Tertiary care academic medical center. PATIENTS: All patients with transcranial petrous apex tumors who were surgically treated between July 1988 and July 2005 with a preauricular subtemporal approach. INTERVENTION: The preauricular subtemporal approach with preservation of hearing was used in all 51 cases. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The degree of tumor resection and long-term results. RESULTS: Total tumor resection was achieved in 45 patients, and tumor was left in the cavernous sinus in 6 cases. Magnetic resonance imaging surveillance revealed no recurrent tumor in 36 patients, stable residual disease in 5 cases, and regrowth of tumor in 10 individuals (mean follow-up, 8.8 yr). DISCUSSION: The postauricular infratemporal fossa approach allows adequate exposure to the petrous apex but with the expense of conductive hearing deficit. The preauricular subtemporal approach allows wide access for transcranial petrous apex tumors with preservation of hearing. Tumor control using this approach was achieved in 41 (80%) of 51 of the patients in this series. © 2008 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Bilateral simultaneous facial nerve palsy: Clinical analysis in seven cases; OBJECTIVE: To analyze clinical manifestations and prognosis of bilateral simultaneous facial nerve palsy (BS-FNP). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective case review with current follow-up wherever possible. SETTING: Tertiary referral centers. PATIENTS: Patients (n = 7; 4 women and 3 men; mean age, 37 yr; range, 18-58 yr) diagnosed with BS-FNP at the time of their first visit. INTERVENTION: Therapy with systemic corticosteroids and antiviral agents and outpatient follow-up for 1 month to 4 years after discharge. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Assessment of recovery from FNP using the House-Brackmann grading system. RESULTS: The occurrence rate of BS-FNP of total FNP cases for the past 10 years was 0.4%. All patients showed palsy more severe than House-Brackmann Grade IV and similar grades of FNP bilaterally. Patients complained of the involvement of the other side within 1 to 6 days of the involvement of 1 side (mean period, 3.4 d). Bell's palsy was the most common cause (5 of 7; 71.4%), the other 2 being infectious mononucleosis and Ramsay Hunt syndrome zoster sine herpete (1 of 7; 14.3% each). Although most patients recovered completely within 1 to 6 months, 1 with a positive Varicella zoster virus immunoglobulin M titer showed bilateral House-Brackmann Grade II FNP after recovery. No recurrence was noted during the follow-up period. CONCLUSION: Bell's palsy is the most common cause of BS-FNP in authors' centers. Although BS-FNP may show more severe paralysis, the overall prognosis in most cases is as good as that in unilateral FNP, excluding life-threatening or traumatic cases. Differential diagnosis is very important because the treatment outcome of BS-FNP depends on the cause. © 2008 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Misoprostol and pregnancy: Risk of malformations; • Misoprostol, a synthetic prostaglandin E1 analogue, is used to treat gastric and duodenal ulcers, and, in combination with mifepristone, for medical abortion. • The French and American summaries of product characteristics, based on data submitted to the relevant regulatory agencies, mention no teratogenicity in animals. However, some studies showed malformations in rats and rabbits. • Severe malformations have been reported in countries where misoprostol is frequently used for abortion without medical supervision despite its poor efficacy when used alone. The malformations included cranial nerve defects (especially pairs 6 and 7, characteristic of the Möbius syndrome) and various limb abnormalities. • Malformations, including one case of Möbius syndrome, have been reported in France after medically supervised use of misoprostol. • In practice, when a patient wishes to continue a pregnancy after a failed attempt at drug-induced abortion, she needs to be informed of the risk to her unborn child. Cranial nerve defects are rarely detectable by sonography, however thorough. In addition, misoprostol has a negative risk-benefit balance in the prevention or treatment of gastroduodenal ulcers in young women.
Isolated bilateral facial paralysis revealing AIDS: A unique presentation; HIV is a recognized etiologic agent in the development of peripheral facial paralysis (PFP). In most cases, the paralysis appears in the acute phase of the HIV infection, and its prognosis is similar to Bell's palsy. Other etiologic agents are generally involved in the development of the paralysis in the later stages of the disease. Bilateral facial palsy is a rare clinical entity in HIV infection. Only 19 cases have been reported. A case of facial diplegia revealing AIDS is described in this review. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of such an advanced state of the disease in a previously asymptomatic patient. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Microvascular decompression for trigeminal neuralgia in elderly patients; Object. Although microvascular decompression (MVD) for patients with medically refractory trigeminal neuralgia (TN) is widely accepted as the treatment of choice, other "second-tier" treatments are frequently offered to elderly patients due to concerns regarding fitness for surgery. The authors sought to determine the safety and effectiveness of MVD for TN in patients older than 75 years of age. Methods. The authors performed a retrospective review of medical records and conducted follow-up telephone interviews with the patients. The outcome data from 25 MVD operations for TN performed in 25 patients with a mean age of 79.4 years (range 75-88 years) were compared with those of a control group of 25 younger patients with a mean age of 42.3 years (range 17-50 years) who underwent MVDs during the same 30-month period from July 2000 to December 2003. Results. Initial pain relief was achieved in 96% of the patients in both groups (p = 1.0). There were no operative deaths in either group. After an average follow-up period of 44 and 52 months, 78 and 72% of patients in the elderly and control groups, respectively, remained pain free without medication (p = 0.74). Conclusions. Microvascular decompression is an effective treatment for elderly patients with TN. The authors' experience suggests that the rate of complications and death after MVD for TN in elderly patients is no different from the rate in younger patients.
Neuroinvasion by Mycoplasma pneumoniae in acute disseminated encephalomyelitis; We report the autopsy findings for a 45-year-old man with polyradiculoneuropathy and fatal acute disseminated encephalomyelitis after having Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia. M. pneumoniae antigens were demonstrated by immunohistochemical analysis of brain tissue, indicating neuroinvasion as an additional pathogenetic mechanism in central neurologic complications of M. pneumoniae infection.
Facial nerve motor evoked potentials elicited by transcranial electrical stimulation for intraoperative monitoring; Objective: To determine whether monitoring facial nerve motor evoked potentials (FNMEPs) elicited by transcranial electrical stimulation during skull base tumor surgery is useful for predicting facial nerve outcome. Methods: We analyzed FNMEP findings in 31 patients with skull base tumor. Surgery was performed twice in 2 of the 31 patients because of tumor regrowth. FNMEP monitoring was conducted 33 times in the present study. Corkscrew electrodes positioned at C3 or C4 and Cz were used to deliver supramaximal stimuli (140-550V). FNMEPs were recorded from the orbicularis oculi and oris muscles. Correlation between the final-to-baseline FNMEP ratio and postoperative facial nerve function (House & Brackmann grade) was examined. Results: Valid FNMEPs were obtained in 26 of the 33 (78.8%) recordings from the orbicularis oculi muscle and in 31 of the 33 (93.9%) recordings from the orbicularis oris muscle. Facial nerve function correlated significantly with the FNMEP ratios in the orbicularis oculi (r= -0.52, N=26, p<0.01) and orbicularis oris (r= -0.60, N=31, p<0.001) muscles. An FNMEP ratio of -50% consistently predicted immediate postoperative facial palsy, although the degree of palsy differed among the patients. Conclusions: Intraoperative FNMEP monitoring is useful for predicting facial nerve function after skull base surgery.
Multiple cranial nerve involvement in Bannwarth's syndrome; Bannwarth's syndrome is a tick-transmitted neurological disease caused by spirochetes of the Borrelia burgdorferi group. Neurological manifestations of the disease occur after skin erythema and include: neuritic pain, lymphocytic pleocytosis without headache and sometimes cranial neuritis. We present the case of a man who complained of a neurological syndrome without evidence of tick bite and concurrent manifestation of the infection, for whom serological analysis only revealed the infection after testing repetitive specimens. We discuss the need to start early therapy when clinical manifestations are suggestive of the disease in endemic areas. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2008.
Observation on therapeutic effect of acupuncture combined with He-Ne laser radiation on facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To compare therapeutic effects of acupuncture combined with He-Ne laser radiation and western medicine on facial paralysis. METHODS: Ninety-seven cases were randomly divided into an acupuncture with laser group (n=55) and a medication group (n=42). The acupuncture with laser group were treated by acupuncture at main points, Dicang (ST 4), Jiache (ST 6), Sibai (ST 2), Qianzheng, Xiaguan (ST 7), Yingxiang (LI 20), Yangbai (GB 14), Yuyao (EX-HN 4), Yifeng (TE 17), Hegu (LI 4), in combination with He-Ne laser radiation; the medication group were treated with routine western medicine including intravenous dripping of low molecular dextran, compound Danshen and ATP injections, intramuscular injection of VitB1 and VitB12 , and oral administration of oryzanol and prednisone. Seven days constituted one course. After two courses their therapeutic effects were observed. RESULTS: The cured rate was 81.8% in the acupuncture with laser group and 45.20% in the medication group with a significant difference between the two groups(P<0.01). CONCLUSION: The therapeutic effect of acupuncture combined with He-Ne laser radiation on facial paralysis is better than that of routine medication.
Insulin-like growth factor-I (rhIGF-I) therapy of short stature; The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the use of subcutaneously injected rhIGF-I in late 2005 for treatment of children with severe short stature from growth hormone (GH) insensitivity due to genetic defects in the GH receptor or postreceptor mechanisms or from the development of GH inactivating antibodies. The approval was based on 15 years experience treating these rare conditions with rhIGF-I. Because of the very small numbers of children with these conditions, there has been an effort to justify and promote broader use for rhIGF-I. Attempts to identify GH unresponsiveness in children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) have yielded only a handful of patients with rare genetic disorders. IGF-I treatment for unequivocal GH insensitivity improves but does not correct growth failure, in contrast to the typical experience with GH replacement of GH deficiency. This emphasizes the importance of direct effects of GH at the growth plate, including the stimulation of maturation of cartilage precursor cells and local production of IGF-I, effects that cannot be duplicated by exogenous administration of rhIGF-I. Adverse effects testify to the more than adequate delivery of administered rhIGF-I to other tissues; these include lymphoid hyperplasia, coarsening of the facies, and increased percentage body fat. The absence of convincing evidence of GH insensitivity in a substantial number of children with ISS, the limited ability of endocrine IGF-I to restore normal growth in those with unequivocal GH unresponsiveness, the suppression of endogenous GH (and thereby, local GH effects on growth) that occurs with IGF-I administration, the risk profile, and the absence of data on efficacy in other than proven severe GH insensitivity, led the Drug and Therapeutics Committee of the Lawson Wilkins Pediatric Endocrine Society to conclude that rhIGF-I use is only justified in conditions approved by the FDA and that other growth promotional use should only be investigational. Nonetheless, substantial numbers of children are being treated with rhIGF-I off-label, exuberant estimates of potentially eligible patients are projected, and several uncontrolled clinical trials have been undertaken which are not based on sound preliminary data or established growth principles, and a single four-arm study begun comparing monotherapy with rhGH to combination rhGH with three dosages of rhIGF-I as a single daily injection, a means of administration of rhIGF-I that has not been tested. © Freund Publishing House Ltd., London.
Infratemporal facial nerve schwannoma; Facial nerve schwannomas are infrequent benign neoplasms that present a challenge in diagnosis and management. We report a case of a 61-year-old woman who presented with left-sided progressive facial nerve paralysis of one-year duration. Computed tomography of the temporal bone snowed a tissue mass in relation with the tympanic segment of the facial nerve with destructive changes in the facial recessus region. Magnetic resonance images before and after gadolinium injection revealed a contrast-enhancing mass lesion in the tympanic cavity. The tumour was removed totally through an infratemporal approach; as the tumour could not be distinguished from the nerve a segment of facial nerve was sacrificed. Histopathological diagnosis was schwannoma arising from the facial nerve. At the end of two-year follow-up, the patient had a moderately severe facial nerve dysfunction. Consensus recognises total resection with facial nerve sacrifice is the best treatment for these tumours. We discuss the currently accepted management approach as well as the treatment modalities for recovering facial function.
A combination vaccine against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella; A new combination vaccine against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (MMRV) from GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals has recently been approved in Europe. It combines the components from two well-established, live, attenuated vaccines against measles, mumps and rubella. This review presents a summary of the development of this MMRV vaccine from published clinical studies. Seroconversion rates and antibody titers after the first and second dose are similar to those observed after concomitant administration of the MMR and varicella vaccines. Furthermore, the clinical profile of this combination vaccine, in terms of injection-site and general tolerability, is similar to that of the component vaccines. A higher incidence of low-grade fever has been noted following the first dose of MMRV vaccine, although it is no different from component vaccines following the second dose. MMRV vaccines were recommended in Germany in 2006 for administration in two doses to children aged 11-14 months and 15-23 months. They offer a convenient way to implement varicella vaccination and to achieve high vaccine coverage rates mirroring those of MMR vaccines. For other countries considering introducing these vaccines, the advantages for children, parents and healthcare providers of protecting against four diseases in a single vaccine should be noted. Copyright 2008 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved.
Modified IDARAM chemotherapy regimen for primary central nervous system lymphoma: Experience of three cases; The use of radiotherapy (RT) with chemotherapy has improved disease free survival and control in primary central nervous system lymphoma (PCNSL). We have encountered three patients with histologically documented central nervous system lymphoma. In all patients pathological diagnosis was B-cell lymphoma. We modified IDARAM regimen to R-IDARAM to enhance and optimize chemotherapeutic components for the treatment of PCNSL. We made three changes: (i) we added rituximab 375 mg/m2 day 1; (ii) increased dose of MTX from 2 to 3 g/m2; and (iii) administered two additional courses of R-IDARAM after cranial RT. Following complete staging after course 2, radiotherapy was applied at a dosage of 3600-4140 cGy in conventional schedule (180 or 200 cGy per day) to whole brain (with 3600 cGy to eyes in one case because of eye involvement) and then 2 additional courses of R-IDARAM (totally four courses) chemotherapy regimen were applied. Complete remission (CR) was achieved after first two cycles of R-IDARAM in patient 1 and 3 and after four cycles in patient 2. Currently, three patients have been alive for 29, 10, 15 months respectively. Currently there is no standard treatment modality for PCNSL. Increased dosage of MTX, adding rituximab and consolidation of the IDARAM to R-IDARAM regimen may improve disease control and outcome in PCNSL patients. © W. S. Maney & Son Ltd 2008.
Orolingual angioedema as complication after rt-PA in stroke patient treated with ACE inhibitor; A 75-year-old right-handed woman was admitted to our hospital because of sudden onset of consciousness disturbance. She had taken angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor for hypertension. A neurological examination showed consciousness disturbance, total aphasia, right central facial palsy and right hemiparesis. Diffusion-weighted imaging revealed hyper-intense lesions in the middle cerebral artery territory, particularly in the insular cortex. Magnetic resonance angiography demonstrated occlusion of the left middle cerebral artery. Electrocardiogram monitoring during hospitalization detected an atrial fibrillation. Therefore, we diagnosed her as cardioembolic stroke. She was treated with intravenous alteplase of 0.6 mg/kg. Sixty minutes after alteplase infusion, she developed orolingual angioedema. Immediately she was treated with methylprednisolone intravenously, and the angioedema improved. Orolingual angioedema should be considered as a complication associated with alteplase in a patient who has taking ACE inhibitor.
Inadequate use of misoprostol. A public health problem?; Introduction: The prenatal exposition to misoprostol during the first trimester has been associated to congenital malformations. In the last years it has been reported an increase in the detection of defects by vascular disruption associated with prenatal exposition of misoprostol. Methods: It is described the phenotypic characteristics of 7 new patients born in Cali, who consulted the dysmorphology clinic of the HUV since May of 2005 due to the presence of congenital malformations associated with prenatal exposition to misoprostol. Results: The final diagnoses of the 9 patients included in this study are: Moebius syndrome (3), hypoglosia-hypodactilia syndrome (1), cyclopia (1), gastroschisis (1), microcephaly (1), Klippel Fiel sequence (1) and hydranencephaly (1). The exposition to misoprostol appeared during gestation weeks 4 to 14 to doses between 800 and 1,000 μg, Discussion: Recently 11 cases of congenital malformations related to the exposition to misoprostol had been reported in this hospital. These cases were discovered in a period of 4 years; now the present paper reports 7 new cases in a period of 2 years. This fact suggests an increasing tendency to congenital malformations due to the association with misoprostol used as an abortive during the first pregnancy trimester. The observed malformations do not correspond only to Moebius syndrome, but to other vascular disruption defects like gastroschisis, hypoglosia-hypodactilia and hydranencephaly. © 2008 Corporación Editora Médica del Valle.
Unusual forms of spinal tuberculosis; Objective: The incidence of tuberculosis (TB) is increasing in both developing and developed worlds, and children, in particular, represent a high-risk group for acquiring the disease. TB of the central nervous system is the most severe, life-threatening form of TB in infants and children. Approximately 10% of all patients with TB have central nervous system involvement. Materials and methods: We have selected four pediatric cases of unusual spinal TB that presented to our institution during the last 5 years. These include TB arachnoiditis, intramedullary spinal cord tuberculoma, TB spondylitis of the odontoid peg, and one child with tuberculous extradural abscess. Conclusion: TB may involve the intramedullary, extramedullary intrathecal compartment, or the extrathecal vertebral compartment in the form of an arachnoiditis, abscess, and spondylitis, respectively, often with unusual imaging presentations. © Springer-Verlag 2007.
Botulinum toxin type-B improves sialorrhea and quality of life in bulbaronset amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; Background: Sialorrhea is a disabling problem in bulbaronset amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Botulinum toxin (BTX) type A and B have been proposed as alternatives to traditional treatments. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of BTX type B in the treatment of sialorrhea in patients with bulbar-onset ALS. Methods: Open-label prospective study of BTX type B injections in parotids (1000 U) and submandibular (250 U) glands using anatomic landmarks. Primary outcome was rate of responders (improvement > 50% on visual analogue scales (VAS) of severity and disability of sialorrhea) 1 month post-treatment. Other outcomes included subjective (drooling and quality of daily living questionnaires) and objective (cotton roll weights and number of paper handkerchiefs used) evaluations. Safety evaluations included questionnaires regarding brain stem symptoms. Results: Sixteen ALS patients were included. At 1 month the rate of responders was 75% with a mean reduction of 70% in severity and disabling VASs. Fifteen patients (94%) reported some benefit with drooling reduction. In objective measurements there was a reduction over 60% in saliva production and in the number of handkerchiefs used. Onset of effect occurred within 3 days. Most patients reported better quality of living. The most frequent side-effects were viscous saliva, local pain, chewing weakness and respiratory infection. There were no changes in blood pressure or cardiac rate. At 3 months, there was still a positive effect in all outcomes. All patients except one manifested their willingness to repeat treatment. Conclusions: Anatomic guided BTX type B injections seem effective and safe to treat sialorrhea in bulbar-onset ALS. © 2008 Steinkopff-Verlag.
The treatment of Bell's palsy; Sullivan et al. randomised 551 patients within three days of onset of symptoms of Bell's palsy, from 17 hospitals in Scotland, to receive corticosteroids (prednisolone 25 mg bd), aciclovir (400 mg five times daily), both or neither for ten days. Outcome at three and nine months was assessed using the House-Brackman scale, which grades patients from I - full recovery - to VI - total paralysis. A total of 496 patients were assessed at nine months; 94.4% who had received corticosteroids had made a full recovery, compared with 81.6% of patients not receiving corticosteroids. This is both statistically and clinically significant. The adjusted odds ratio is 3.32, translating to a number needed to treat of about 9. There was no difference between the outcome of patients randomised to aciclovir alone or placebo. The combination of aciclovir and corticosteroids was not different from corticosteroids alone. © 2008 Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh.
Speech-language and hearing complaints of children and adolescents with brain tumors; Central nervous system (CNS) tumors generally leave sequelae that may compromise speech, language, swallowing, hearing, and voice functions. This report describes the incidence of speech-language and hearing complaints and disorders in children and adolescents with CNS tumor under treatment at one of the most important Brazilian reference center for pediatric cancer. One-hundred ninety patients were examined for speech-pathology screening and analysis: forty-two percent presented with complaints and symptoms. From the remaining patients, 68% presented clinical symptoms and 32% were actually free from any speech-language and hearing-related symptoms. The high incidence of complaints and symptoms indicate that these patients might benefit from specific rehabilitation interventions. © 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Evaluation of patients with acute vestibular syndrome; Acute vestibular syndrome is characterized by a rapid unilateral injury to either peripheral or central vestibular structures. It consists of severe vertigo, nausea and vomiting, spontaneous nystagmus, and postural instability. In many cases, a peripheral etiology is considered although it may be due to an underlying serious central pathology. The present study was designed to investigate the feasibility of differentiating the cause of acute vestibular syndrome in such patients using clinical, audiovestibular and radiologic tools. We performed a case series study of patients complaining of acute vertigo at a university referring center for hearing and balance disorders. Thirty patients with history of acute vertigo within 3 days onset with no history of previous otological or neurological disorders. Eighteen patients were due to acute peripheral vestibular lesion, 1 due to psychiatric illness under antidepressant drugs and 11 were of central vestibular lesion. The most important step in the diagnosis of acute vertigo is a thorough and detailed history. The common error of carrying out investigations in place of a detailed history is to be avoided. The clinical evaluation has the highest sensitivity and specificity in differentiating central from peripheral vestibular lesions. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Analysis of complications following surgical treatment of benign parotid disease; Background: The objective of the study was to study the incidence of, and risk factors for developing complications following parotidectomy for benign disease, to improve preoperative patient counselling and better inform future surgical management. Methods: An 11-year retrospective review of 162 parotidectomies for benign disease, collecting and analysing data about presentation, investigations, surgical treatment, postoperative facial nerve function, Frey's syndrome and other surgical complications. Results: The mean age at presentation was 58 years. The commonest pathology was benign pleomorphic adenoma (43%), followed by Warthin's tumour (30%) and chronic sialadenitis (22%). Sialadenitis was a significant risk factor for facial nerve palsy and increased the incidence of salivary fistulas. Parotid duct ligation increased the risk of nerve palsy in the distribution of zygomatic and buccal branches. Operations for Warthin's tumour were associated with an increased risk of dysfunction of the cervical branch of the nerve. Half the patients had intraoperative facial nerve stimulation and this did not influence the likelihood of facial paresis. The recovery of facial nerve function showed a biphasic distribution, with 90% of patients having normal function within 12 months, followed by a slower recovery rate for up to 2 years. Conclusion: The incidence of postoperative complications was influenced by the pathology, with inflammatory lesions significantly increasing the risk of facial nerve dysfunction and other complications, but also by variations in surgical practice, such as parotid duct ligation. Overall, the incidence of permanent facial paralysis was less than 2%, but temporary nerve palsy was common at 40%, with most patients regaining normal function within 1 year of the operation. © 2008 The Authors.
Cross-facial nerve graft: past and present; Facial paralysis is a relatively common disorder from which most people recover without complications. However, some are left with significant functional impairment and disfigurement, the treatment of which has challenged physicians for centuries. Within the spectrum of surgical procedures to reanimate the face is cross-facial nerve grafting. This article chronicles the history of cross-facial nerve grafting, including its past and present use, and describes various factors associated with its use. A brief discussion of aetiology and morbidity of facial paralysis and some fundamental surgical options will be presented. A complete review of these topics is beyond the scope of this manuscript. © 2007.
Head Trauma After Instrumental Births; Instrumental vaginal delivery involves the use of the vacuum extractor or obstetric forceps to facilitate delivery of the fetus. It is associated with substantial risk of head injury, including hemorrhage, fractures, and, rarely, brain damage or fetal death. This review article describes the different types, etiology, pathophysiology, risk factors, and clinical features of head trauma after instrumental birth, along with their management and prevention strategies. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Serial 1H-MRS in GM2 gangliosidoses; GM2 gangliosidoses are a group of neuronal storage disorders caused by deficiency in the lysosomal enzyme hexosaminidase A. Clinically, the disease is marked by a relentless encephalopathy. Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) provides in-vivo measurement of various brain metabolites including N-acetyl aspartate+N-acetyl aspartate glutamate (NAA), myo-inositol (mI), choline (Cho) and creatine (Cr). The NAA represents neuronal integrity while elevation in the mI reflects abnormal inflammation and gliosis in the brain tissue. An elevation in the Cho levels suggest cell membrane breakdown and demyelination. We report the clinical and laboratory data in two patients with GM2 gangliosidoses. Serial 1H-MRS evaluations were performed to drive metabolite ratios of NAA/Cr, mI/Cr and Cho/Cr. We acquired the data from four regions of interest (ROI) according to a standard protocol. The results documented a progressive elevation in mI/Cr in all four ROI in patient one and only one ROI (occipital gray matter) in patient 2. We also documented a decline in the NAA/Cr ratios in both cases in most ROI. These results were compared to six age-matched controls and confirmed statistically significant elevation in the mI in our cases. In conclusion, 1H-MRS alterations were suggestive of neuronal loss and inflammation in these patients. 1H-MRS may be a valuable tool in monitoring the disease progress and response to therapy in GM2 gangliosidoses. Elevation in the mI may prove to be more sensitive than the other metabolite alterations. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Diagnosis of ear pain; Many patients in primary care present with ear pain (otalgia). When the ear is the source of the pain (primary otalgia), the ear examination is usually abnormal. When the ear is not the source of the pain (secondary otalgia), the ear examination is typically normal. The cause of primary otalgia is usually apparent on examination; the most common causes are otitis media and otitis externa. The cause of secondary otalgia is often difficult to determine because the innervation of the ear is complex and there are many potential sources of referred pain. The most common causes are temporomandibular joint syndrome, pharyngitis, dental disease, and cervical spine arthritis. If the diagnosis is not clear from the history and physical examination, options include a trial of symptomatic treatment without a clear diagnosis; imaging studies; and consultation with an otolaryngologist. Patients who smoke, drink alcohol, are older than 50 years, or have diabetes are at higher risk of a cause of ear pain that needs further evaluation. Patients whose history or physical examination increases suspicion for a serious occult cause of ear pain or whose symptoms persist after symptomatic treatment should be considered for further evaluation, such as magnetic resonance imaging, fiberoptic nasolaryngoscopy, or an erythrocyte sedimentation rate measurement. Copyright © 2008 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Consensus statement of the European Group on Graves' orbitopathy (EUGOGO) on management of GO; a. All patients with GO should (Fig. 1): Be referred to specialist centers; Be encouraged to quit smoking; Receive prompt treatment in order to restore and maintain euthyroidism. b. Patients with sight-threatening GO should be treated with i.v. GCs as the first-line treatment; if the response is poor after 1-2 weeks, they should be submitted to urgent surgical decompression. c. The treatment of choice for moderate-to-severe GO is i.v. GCs (with or without OR) if the orbitopathy is active; surgery (orbital decompression, squint surgery, and/or eyelid surgery in this order) should be considered if the orbitopathy is inactive. d. In patients with mild GO, local measures and an expectant strategy are sufficient in most cases, but treatment may be justified if QoL is affected significantly. © 2008 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology.
Sequential bilateral hearing loss in multiple sclerosis; Objectives: We describe a case of multiple sclerosis presenting with sequential bilateral hearing loss. Methods: A 46-year-old woman underwent a series of audiological and neurologic evaluations for sequential bilateral hearing losses that occurred 6 months apart. Results: Initially, the patient suffered from sudden left hearing loss, and magnetic resonance imaging documented an enhancing lesion in the left middle cerebellar peduncle. Six months later, another episode of sudden vertigo, right hearing loss, and right facial palsy developed. Magnetic resonance imaging disclosed a new lesion in the right middle cerebellar peduncle. Conclusions: Sequential bilateral hearing loss may be a manifestation of multiple sclerosis. In younger patients with sudden hearing loss, multiple sclerosis should be included in the differential diagnosis. © 2008 Annals Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Emerging vaccines for influenza; Background: Influenza remains one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. The available vaccines are least effective in the populations at greatest risk - children, the elderly, and the immunocompromised. Furthermore, avian influenza and other novel strains have the potential to cause the next influenza pandemic. Research efforts have accelerated worldwide to develop new vaccines to provide better immunity against annual epidemics and a potential pandemic. Objective: To summarize the global research efforts at developing new influenza vaccines, adjuvants, and delivery devices. Method: MEDLINE and Pharmaprojects databases were searched for publications and continuing research on new influenza vaccine technologies. Results/conclusions: Technologies such as DNA vaccines, live recombinant viral vector vaccines, and virus-like particles have shown significant promise for immunogenicity and protection from experimental challenge to influenza. New modalities for vaccine delivery and methods for rapid vaccine production are also being investigated. With the possibility of an influenza pandemic increasing the need to develop new vaccines, the global research community has made large strides to meet this challenge. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Insulin-like growth factor-I treatment of children with Laron syndrome (primary growth hormone insensitivity); Laron syndrome (LS, congenital primary GH insensitivity) is caused by deletions or mutations in the GH receptor gene, resulting in an inability to generate insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I). If untreated, the deficiency of IGF-I results in severe dwarfism, as well as skeletal and muscular underdevelopment. The only treatment is the daily administration of recombinant IGF-I. This review summarizes the present experience by several groups worldwide. The main conclusions are: a. the one or two injections regimen result in the same growth velocity; b. the growth velocity obtained with IGF-I administration is smaller than that observed with hGH in children with congenital isolated GH deficiency; c. overdosage of IGF-I causes a series of adverse effects which can be avoided by carefully monitoring the serum IGF-I and GH levels.
Botulinum toxin and quality of life in patients with facial paralysis; Objectives: To examine the effect botulinum toxin, a potent neurotoxin that causes temporary paralysis of hyperkinetic musculature, has on the quality of life (QOL) in the patient with facial paralysis. We surveyed patients with facial paralysis, using the previously validated Facial Clinimetric Evaluation QOL instrument, before and then again after therapeutic administration of botulinum toxin for the management of their facial hyperkinesis, and performed pair-wise comparisons to determine the effect on patient QOL. Design: Prospective clinical study at an outpatient facial nerve center. Results: The overall Facial Clinimetric Evaluation score improved from a mean (SD) of 51.7 (20.9) in the pretreatment group to 63.7 (17.8) in the posttreatment group (P<.05). Statistically significant improvements were noted in all subdomain scores, including Facial Movement, Facial Comfort, Oral Function, Eye Comfort, Lacrimal Control, and Social Function (P< .05 for all comparisons). Conclusions: Botulinum toxin has a well-established objective benefit in the control of facial hyperkinesis in patients with facial nerve disorders. This study establishes the associated QOL benefit and reaffirms its important role in the multimodality management of patients with facial nerve disorders.
Hegu acupoint of patient with peripheral facial paralysis by electroacupuncture: A functional MRI study; Objective: Using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to study the brain response changes in Hegu acupoint of peripheral facial paralysis by electroacupuncture (EA), and tried to research the mechanism of acupuncture and the function essence of acupoint and reveal function mechanism of puncture from the angle of neurology and brain science we wanted to have an energetic effect on clinical application and modernization of acupuncture and moxibustion. Methods: Six patients with peripheral facial paralysis on the left were screened. Hegu acupoint on the left were acupunctured, functional MRI data were obtained from scanning the whole brain at the same time. Acquired functional data were processed by SPM software and functional responses were established by t-test analysis (P<0.05). Results: Electroacupuncture (EA) hegu on the left induced signal decreases of left cingulate gyrus, bilateral middle frontal gyrus, right middle occipital gyrus; induced signal increases of left postcentral gyrus, right inferior frontal gyrus, right superior temporal gyrus, right insula, left precentral gyrus. Conclusion: There exists some correlation between acupoints stimulation and encephalic region. During Hegu acupoint EA on the left, multi-encephalic regions signal appeared changes and the influenced area is intinately correlated to the effect and indication of acupoint.
Metastatic benign pleomorphic adenoma. Report of a case and review of the literature; Pleomorphic adenoma (PA), originally called mixed tumour, is the most common neoplasm of the salivary glands and is generally accepted as benign biologically. Occasionally PA may give rise to metastasis. The metastasis may develop in a PA in which a malignant transformation occurs, either arising a carcinoma in the PA (carcinoma ex-mixed tumour) or as a carcinosarcoma (so-called true malignant mixed tumour). However, very rare benign PA eventually metastasise, usually after having a previous recurrence, displaying benign histological features as well in the primary tumour as in the metastasis. These tumours have been termed metastatic PA or metastatic mixed tumours. The aim of this paper is to report one case of metastatic histological benign pleomorphic adenoma, and to consider the clinical, pathological and therapeutic consequences of these rare tumours as well as its possible causes and mechanisms for its behaviour. © Medicina Oral S. L. C.I.F.
Electrophysiological diagnosis of facial nerve palsy and hemifacial spasm; We summarise the electrophysiolgical techniques used to investigate the central cortico-facial projections and the facial nerve. These include transcranial magnetic stimulation of the primary motor cortex and the proximal facial nerve, direct electrical stimulation of the distal facial nerve, blink reflex and electromyography. We also describe the lesion patterns in peripheral facial nerve palsy and hemifacial spasm. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Aspergillus mastoiditis with intact tympanic membrane in immunocompetent host; Aspergillus mastoiditis with intact tympanic membrane in immunocompetent host. Aspergillus mastoiditis is a very rare condition usually observed in immunocompromised patients. Masked mastoiditis is defined as a subclinical infectious inflammatory process of the mucosal lining and bony structures of the mastoid air cells with intact tympanic membranes. To our knowledge, our report of a masked Aspergillus mastoiditis occurring in a 71-year-old diabetic woman is only the second case of masked mastoiditis in the literature. Aggressive medical and surgical management are necessary to avoid a fatal outcome from this invasive infection.
A 7th nerve palsy in a child with Langerhans histiocytosis; A 7-year-old girl developed an osteolytic soft tissue mass extending into the right orbital floor and maxillary sinus which was confirmed to be Langerhans cell histiocytosis. Partial lower motor 7th nerve palsy had developed, likely due-to a combination of local swelling from the tumour and the steroids. Copyright © 2008 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Autologous stem-cell transplantation in malignant multiple sclerosis: A case with a favorable long-term outcome; Malignant multiple sclerosis (MS) is a rare but clinically important subtype of MS characterized by the rapid development of significant disability in the early stages of the disease process. These patients are refractory to conventional immunomodulatory agents and the mainstay of their treatment is plasmapheresis or immunosuppression with mitoxantrone, cyclophosphamide, cladribine or, lately, bone marrow transplantation. We report on the case of a 17-year old patient with malignant MS who was treated with high-dose chemotherapy plus anti-thymocyte globulin followed by autologous stem cell transplantation. This intervention resulted in an impressive and long-lasting clinical and radiological response. It is concluded that intensive immunosuppression followed by autologous stem cell transplantation is a viable therapeutic option in patients with malignant MS unresponsive to conventional forms of treatment. © 2008 SAGE Publications Los Angeles, London, New Delhi and Singapore.
Ototoxicity of triethanolamine polypeptide (Cerumenex) in the chinchilla; The use of earwax softeners and cerumenolytics to unblock the external auditory canal is increasing. Although reports on their effectiveness are available, data about their effect on hearing are limited. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of ototopic triethanolamine polypeptide oleate condensate 10% (Cerumenex) on hearing. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective, randomized, controlled trial in a chinchilla animal model. METHODS: Tympanostomy tubes were inserted in five chinchillas, and hearing was assessed with distortion product otoacoustic emissions (DPOAE) between 1 and 9 kHz prior to application and at days 1, 4, 30, and 100 postototopic application of Cerumenex. One ear received Cerumenex; the other ear served as control. Postmortem scanning electron microscopy was performed to assess the cochlear hair cells. RESULTS: A reduction in the mean DPOAE signal was shown in the ears treated with Cerumenex from the first day after treatment and throughout the study. Almost all tested frequencies were affected. Swelling, crusting, and fluid were observed in four of the five experimental ears. One animal also developed facial paralysis in the experimental side. Electron microscopy showed damage of the outer and inner hair cells in the Cerumenex-treated ears. CONCLUSIONS: In the chinchilla, when a tympanic perforation is present, Cerumenex causes a reduction in DPOAE signal and damage to the cochlear hair cells. Caution should be observed when prescribing this agent if the status of the tympanic membrane is unknown. Furthermore, its use without medical prescription should be discouraged because of the risk of ototoxicity and severe inflammatory reaction. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Prognostic value of electroneurography and electromyography in facial palsy; OBJECTIVES: To compare the prognostic value of electroneurography (ENG) and needle electromyography (EMG) to estimate facial function outcome after acute facial palsy. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective study using electrodiagnostic data and medical chart review. METHODS: Two hundred one patients treated 1995 to 2004 were included. Initial and final facial function was established clinically by the House-Brackmann (HB) scale. ENG results were classified into amplitude loss less than 75% and amplitude loss 75% or greater to predict complete recovery and defective healing, respectively. Initial and follow-up EMG results were classified into neurapraxia and predicted complete recovery. In contrast, axonotmesis/neurotmesis and mixed lesions predicted, by definition, defective healing. RESULTS: Initial HB was II to IV in 154 patients and V to VI in 47 patients. The etiology was idiopathic palsy in 139, iatrogenic lesion in 29, traumatic in 18, and herpes zoster in 15 patients. Finally, 134 (67%) patients showed a full recovery. Sixty-seven (33%) patients showed signs of defective healing. ENG presented a sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, positive predictive value (to predict defective healing), and negative predictive value of 60%, 79%, 73%, 59%, and 80%, respectively. The values for the initial EMG were 66%, 98%, 89%, 91%, and 89%. The best results showed the follow-up EMG with 85%, 100%, 97%, 100%, and 96%. EMG results were not classifiable in 32 (16%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: EMG showed higher prognostic values than ENG, especially when repeated during the time course of the facial palsy. ENG might be helpful if the EMG result is not classifiable. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Professor Wu Bing-huang's experiences in acupuncture treatment of facial paralysis; Professor WU Bing-huang's unique experiences in acupuncture treatment of facial paralysis are introduced. He excellently uses anatomical and pathological knowledge of facial nerves, selecting acupoints according to nervous distribution, selecting needling methods according to the nervous trend, selecting acupuncture stimulation amount according to pathological changes and judging prognosis according to affected position.
Petrous temporal bone cholesteatoma: A new classification and long-term surgical outcomes; The goals of this retrospective case review were to analyze the long-term results of surgery for petrous temporal bone cholesteatomas and to propose a new classification system for these lesions. Patients with a surgically confirmed petrous temporal bone cholesteatoma were treated at Addenbrooke's Hospital, a tertiary referral center. Postoperative facial function, hearing, residual/recurrent cholesteatoma, and other complications were assessed in relation to preoperative signs, intraoperative findings, and surgical approach. Between 1983 and 2004, 43 patients were treated. There were no perioperative deaths. There was no long-term recurrence in 95.4% of the patients, possibly because of meticulous surgical technique, bipolar diathermy, and use of the laser to denature the cholesteatoma matrix that was adherent to the dura. At presentation, 95% of the patients had no socially useful hearing in the affected ear. Facial nerve function, however, was usually preserved. Both direct anastomosis and nerve grafting can improve facial nerve function from House-Brackmann grade VI to grade III if the palsy is not longstanding. Four patients had cerebrospinal fluid leakage; other complications were rare. The proposed classification facilitates surgical planning and predicts the postoperative outcome with regards to hearing.
Phase I clinical trial with desoxypeganine, a new cholinesterase and selective MAO-A inhibitor: Tolerance and pharmacokinetics study of escalating single oral doses; Desoxypeganine (DOP) is a natural alkaloid that has been characterized as a Cholinesterase inhibitor and a selective inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A. DOP has been investigated for its potential utility in the pharmacological treatment of alcohol abuse and as a smoking cessation aid. The aim of this clinical trial was to evaluate the tolerance and single-dose pharmacokinetic profile of DOP in healthy human volunteers. The study was an open-label, dose-escalation, phase I clinical trial involving the administration of increasing single oral doses of DOP (50, 100, 150 and 200 mg). The study was conducted according to the Declaration of Helsinki and Good Clinical Practice. Eighteen healthy adult volunteers (8 males and 10 females, age ranging 20-30 years) were recruited. DOP was administered sequentially, escalating in single doses of 50, 100, 150 and 200 mg in four experimental sessions with a washout period of at least 1 week between them. Progress to the next dose was allowed only if the previous dose was tolerated. Pharmacokinetic parameters were determined using noncompartmental methods. Clinical and analytical safety was assessed throughout the study, and QTc intervals were measured at regular intervals. The main pharmacokinetic parameters and renal excretion are described. No serious adverse events were registered, and none of the subjects discontinued the study because of lack of tolerance. All the adverse events recorded were mild to moderate and increased with the dose. The ECG measurements revealed that even at a higher dose, the QTc interval remained below the safety threshold. In summary, this first phase I study indicates that DOP has linear and dose-proportional pharmacokinetics, satisfactory oral bioavailability and plasma half-life and renal excretion. Also, DOP has shown an adequate safety profile that allows the continuation of clinical development. Copyright 2008 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved.
A case for immunization against nosocomial infections; Immunization is a highly effective public health measure that reduces the incidence of infectious diseases, yet there has been relatively little effort toward the development of vaccines for nosocomial infections. Many nosocomial infections originate on mucosal surfaces (e.g., respiratory or gastrointestinal mucosa). As patients who are hospitalized once are more likely to be hospitalized again, we propose a prime-boost immunization strategy, whereby a priming dose of vaccine for a nosocomial infection is administered mucosally. Upon readmission, a parenteral boost would elicit a rapid immune response locally and systemically. Such a strategy could reduce or ameliorate nosocomial infections and perhaps limit dissemination of nosocomial pathogens. Thus, a more aggressive effort to develop vaccines for nosocomial infections is warranted. © Society for Leukocyte Biology.
Brain abscesses in Malawian children: Value of CT scan; The clinical presentation and management of brain abscess in three HIV-uninfected Malawian children are reported. One case was associated with staphylococcal empyema and severe malarial anaemia and another case with chronic suppurative otitis media and mastoiditis. The third case had no identified extracranial focus of infection. These cases illustrate the difficulties of diagnosis and management of brain abscesses in the resource-poor setting where other causes of encephalopathy caused by infection are common, and highlight the value of neuro-radiological imaging. © 2008 The Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine.
Typhoid fever presenting as acute cerebellar ataxia and severe thrombocytopenia; Typhoid fever being a systemic infection can present in a multitude of ways, involving various systems. Here we describe a case of typhoid fever presenting with acute cerebellar ataxia and marked thrombocytopenia. This atypical presentation is not common in typhoid fever and can lead to misdiagnosis as well as a delay in the initiation of appropriate therapy. Prompt clinical improvement and the return of platelet counts to normal were noted after the patient was started on IV Ceftriaxone.
Bilateral simultaneous facial nerve paralysis: A case presentation; Bilateral simultaneous facial nevre paralysis (FNP) is an extremely rare clinical entity. FNP might be a special finding in a symptom complex of a systemic disease. Acquired FNP can occur in several diseases of infectious, neoplastic, autoimmune, metabolic, traumatic and neurologic origin. A 20-year-old man applied to our clinic with the complaints of weakness of facial muscles, chewing difficulty, dry eye and undescribed sense on his face. In physical examination, his nasolabial folds and forehead wrinkles bilateraly flatted and he could not close his eyelids. Bell's Phenomenon was bilaterally positive. Systemic examinations and laboratory results did not revealed any pathological finding which could explain the etiology. He was diagnosed as idiopathic bilateral simultaneous facial nevre paralysis (FNP) grade 5 in House Brackmann classification system. Methyl prednisolon (60 mg/day for 10 days) and 30 pyhsical treatment and rehabilitation sessions were performed but he was not sufficiently improved. After three months, there was no sufficient recovery of bilateral cranial nerves functions, and the patient was accepted as bilateral facial nerve demage. Because of etiological and prognostic features, bilateral simultaneous FNP should be currently evaluated. Copyright © 2008 by Türk Tibbi Rehabilitasyon Kurumu Derneǧi.
Quackery in head and neck cancer; Most human beings will do almost anything to prolong their existence or to relieve the suffering of disease. Others will do anything to exploit these desires by selling what they claim to be pain killing remedies or life prolongation nostrums. We present three cases of head and neck cancer patients; two used complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) prior to presenting to our service and the third declined conventional treatment to seek CAM instead. We discuss here the diagnosis, the time delay between CAM and commencement of conventional treatment, and the outcome in each case. Our aim is to define Quacks and to heighten public awareness of the potential harm they can cause.
The clinical diagnostic utility of transcranial magnetic stimulation: Report of an IFCN committee; The review focuses on the clinical diagnostic utility of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). The central motor conduction time (CMCT) is a sensitive method to detect myelopathy and abnormalities may be detected in the absence of radiological changes. CMCT may also detect upper motor neuron involvement in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The diagnostic sensitivity may be increased by using the triple stimulation technique (TST), by combining several parameters such as CMCT, motor threshold and silent period, or by studying multiple muscles. In peripheral facial nerve palsies, TMS may be used to localize the site of nerve dysfunction and clarify the etiology. TMS measures also have high sensitivity in detecting lesions in multiple sclerosis and abnormalities in CMCT or TST may correlate with motor impairment and disability. Cerebellar stimulation may detect lesions in the cerebellum or the cerebellar output pathway. TMS may detect upper motor neuron involvement in patients with atypical parkinsonism and equivocal signs. The ipsilateral silent period that measures transcallosal inhibition is a potential method to distinguish between different parkinsonian syndromes. Short latency afferent inhibition (SAI), which is related to central cholinergic transmission, is reduced in Alzheimer's disease. Changes in SAI following administration of cholinesterase inhibitor may be related to the long-term efficacy of this treatment. The results of MEP measurement in the first week after stroke correlate with functional outcome. We conclude that TMS measures have demonstrated diagnostic utility in myelopathy, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and multiple sclerosis. TMS measures have potential clinical utility in cerebellar disease, dementia, facial nerve disorders, movement disorders, stroke, epilepsy, migraine and chronic pain. © 2007 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Chordoid glioma: Report of two rare examples with unusual features; Background. Chordoid glioma, a rare tumour of the third ventricle, represents a distinct clinico-pathologic entity. Thirty nine examples have been described in the literature, mostly in females and in the third ventricle. The clinical presentation is variable but they tend to occur mostly in adults. There is only one report of a chordoid glioma in a 12 year old child. Finding. This paper describes two examples of chordoid glioma in a seven year old female child and a 70 year old male respectively. Radiologically, the paediatric chordoid glioma was located in the juxtaventricular region in the occipital horn of the lateral ventricle and was of mixed density whereas the adult patient had a typical third ventricle location with homogenous contrast enhancement. Gross total surgical removal was achieved in both but the adult patient died post-operatively due to intra ventricular bleeding and bacterial meningitis. The younger patient is doing well at the last follow up two years post-operatively. Microscopically, both showed the classic morphology of chordoid glioma. Ultrastructural examination was suggestive of ependymal differentiation. Conclusion. The younger age and unusual location are some of the rare features which need documentation and have not been described earlier. We propose that chordoid glioma is a variant of an ependymoma (WHO grade II) which arises from tanycytes and should be included in the WHO classification of brain tumors. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Facial paralysis due to an occult parotid abscess.; Facial paralysis associated with benign diseases of the parotid gland is very rare. It has been reported in approximately 16 cases of acute suppurative parotitis or parotid abscess. We presented a 45-year-old woman who developed facial paralysis secondary to an occult parotid abscess. Initially, there was no facial paralysis and the signs and symptoms were suggestive of acute parotitis, for which medical treatment was initiated. Three days later, left-sided facial palsy of HB (House-Brackmann) grade 5 developed. Ultrasonography revealed a pretragal, hypoechoic mass, 10x8 mm in size, causing inflammation in the surrounding tissue. Fine needle aspiration biopsy obtained from the mass revealed polymorphonuclear leukocytes and lymphocytes. No malignant cells were observed. The lesion was diagnosed as an occult parotid abscess. After a week, the mass disappeared and facial paralysis improved to HB grade 4. At the end of the first month, facial paralysis improved to HB grade 1. At three months, facial nerve function was nearly normal.
[Effects of CD4+ T cell transplantation on facial motoneuron survival in nude mice model with facial nerve axotomy].; To investigate the specific T cell subpopulation and the relationship with facial motoneuron in immune deficiency mouse model with facial nerve paralysis, so as to find information for new strategy of facial palsy treatment. Firstly, purifying the CD4+ T cell from wild type mouse and reestablishing the immune function of nude mouse by infusing the CD4+ T cell through the tail vein a week before the surgery. Then the all nude mouse (BALB/c background) and wild type mouse (BALB/c background) were subjected to a right facial nerve axotomy. Then the mouse was studied by application and assessment with fluorogold retro tracer at specific time. After collecting the slices of brain stem three days post the operation, the facial motoneurons was observed under fluorescence microscope, then analyzed and counted with the software Image Pro Plus5. 1. The number of survival facial motoneuron in the group with CD4+ T cell transplantation and control group was (3444.5 +/- 84.2, x +/- s) and (3013.2 +/- 65.3) respectively. There was significant difference of the number of survival facial motoneurons between nude mouse transplanted with CD4+ T cell and PBS at three days post the operation (t = 5.52, P = 0.0003). But there was no significant difference of survival facial motoneurons between nude mouse transplanted with CD4+ T cell and wild type mouse three days post the operation (t = 0.49, P = 0.6347). It was the transplantation of CD4+ T cell that rescued the survival facial motoneuron to the level of wild type. CD4+ T cell have the ability to rescue the injuring facial motoneuron from death. It may suggest that there is a critical role of the specific T cell subpopulation in facial nerve repair and regeneration.
Pharmacological treatment of Bell's palsy: Favourable effects of prednisolone-based therapy now demonstrated; Bell's palsy accounts for two-thirds of all acute facial palsies. Presumed reactivation of the herpes simplex virus and concurrent swelling of the facial nerve prompted the use of antivirals in combination with corticosteroids, although evidence supporting the effectiveness of this approach was weak. A recently published randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial assessed the effectiveness of adding valacyclovir to prednisolone; another larger primary-care-based study compared treatment with prednisolone, acyclovir or both with placebo. In patients with severe or complete facial palsy, the addition of valacyclovir improved the chance of complete recovery, but as this study was single-blinded, results should be interpreted with caution. Early treatment with prednisolone (25 mg twice daily for 10 days) significantly improved the chance of complete recovery at 3 and 9 months. Acyclovir, given alone or in addition to prednisolone, did not show any benefit.
Cartilage-hair hypoplasia; Cartilage-hair hypoplasia is a rare, autosomal recessive primary immunodeficiency disorder characterized by predominantly T-cell deficiency and metaphyseal chondrodysplasia. The authors summarize current knowledge on molecular genetics, diagnostic characteristics and therapeutic options of this inherited immunodeficiency.
Manktelow's test for the use of botulic toxin; We are reporting the use of a xylocain test before the injection of botulinal toxin within the "facial paralysis and botulinal toxin" multidisciplinary consultation of the Caen regional hospital. Our assessment is about 16 patients tested. This test is based on a digital film and a questionnaire. It is often proposed when toxin is first used. It influences the patient's choice. It permits a better understanding of the toxin action by the patient, it reassures. It is reliable for the practitioner even though we do not have a mathematical correlation between the xylocain volume and the botulinal toxin volume. Simple and far, it is a help for the patient and the practitioner before a delicate injection of botulinal toxin. © 2007.
Rigid Versus Semirigid Fixation for Condylar Fracture: Experience With the External Fixation System; Purpose: Although mandibular condylar fractures are very common, the treatment remains controversial. Many techniques of reduction and many devices have been suggested. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the advantages and drawbacks of semirigid fixation compared with rigid fixation using an external fixation system. Patients and Methods: Between 1990 and 2005, 137 patients (83 males, 54 females; median age, 24.2 years; 116 with monocondylar fracture and 21 with bicondylar fracture) were treated with an external fixation system (Mand-X-Fix, Leibinger, Germany). In these cases, the distal fragment was dislocated medially and out of the glenoid cavity (stadium IV of MacLennan). Results: At the 12-month follow-up, 91% of treated patients regained their pretrauma occlusion with good functional results (maximum mouth opening: 100% >30 mm, 81% >35 mm, 59% >40 mm; articular pain: <2%; clicking: <7%) and morphostructural results (fragment overlap significant in 2% of cases, light in 53% of cases, and absent in 45% of cases) and a very low rate of complications in the immediate postsurgical period (temporary paresis of the facial nerve: <7%; infection of the surgical wound: <2%). No long-term facial palsy was noted. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that a semirigid fixation technique, represented by the external fixation system, seems to be a better approach to treating condylar fractures with luxation out of the glenoid fossa. © 2008 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Peripheral Neuropathy in Pregnancy; Peripheral neuropathy, mononeuropathy and polyneuropathy, are not common in pregnancy. When complaints occur, however, even if minor, they can be bothersome to the pregnant woman. Peripheral nerve function may threaten the mother and fetus in various ways during gestation. Quick recognition and treatment efforts should therefore be the clinician's goal. This article reviews peripheral neuropathy in pregnancy. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 infection: Overview on relevant clinico-pathological features; Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 (HSV-1) is a nuclear replicating enveloped virus, usually acquired through direct contact with infected lesions or body fluids (typically saliva). The prevalence of HSV-1 infection increases progressively from childhood, the seroprevalence being inversely related to socioeconomic background. Primary HSV-1 infections in children are either asymptomatic or following an incubation period of about 1 week gives rise to mucocutaneous vesicular eruptions. Herpetic gingivostomatitis typically affects the tongue, lips, gingival, buccal mucosa and the hard and soft palate. Most primary oro-facial HSV infection is caused by HSV-1, infection by HSV-2 is increasingly common. Recurrent infections, which occur at variable intervals, typically give rise to vesiculo-ulcerative lesions at mucocutaneous junctions particularly the lips (herpes labialis). Recurrent HSV-1 infection within the mouth is uncommon in otherwise healthy patients, although in immunocompromised patients, recurrent infection can be more extensive and/or aggressive. The diagnosis of common herpetic infection can usually be based upon the clinical history and presenting features. Confirmatory laboratory diagnosis is, however, required when patients are, or may be, immunocompromised. © 2007 The Authors.
Insulin administration may trigger pancreatic β-cell destruction in patients with type 2 diabetes; Insulin administration causes various types of immune response to insulin. However, there have been no reports that insulin administration triggers pancreatic β-cell destruction in diabetic patients. We evaluated three patients who had suffered from type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance for 5-30 years. After an episode of diabetic mononeuropathy or poor glycemic control, they started human insulin therapy. All the patients' serum or urinary C-peptide levels were preserved before insulin therapy, whereas within a few months they rapidly declined to below detection limits. A high titer of insulin antibody was detected at or after the development of insulin deficiency. Shortly after the initiation of insulin therapy, two of the patients developed an insulin allergy. Autoantibodies to GAD65 or IA-2 were negative throughout the clinical course in two cases, but transiently positive in one case. In a histological examination of pancreas tissue obtained by a pancreatic biopsy in one case, mononuclear cell infiltration into the islets was observed. They all had a type 1 diabetes high-risk HLA class II haplotype in Japanese, and class I alleles of the insulin gene VNTR. The above findings suggest that insulin administration may have triggered pancreatic β-cell destruction in these patients. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Recurrent facial nerve paralysis: An unusual presentation of fibrous dysplasia of the temporal bone; Facial nerve paralysis (FNP) is a rare occurrence in fibrous dysplasia (FD) of the temporal bone (FDTB). Eight such cases have been described in the literature. In none of these cases was the FNP the presenting symptom, and in all, a direct etiology for the paralysis was identified. We present the first case of recurrent, unilateral FNP as the sole otological manifestation of FDTB. We discuss possible etiological factors for the paralysis favoring a compressive, transient ischemia of the facial nerve. The authors suggest adding FDTB to the differential diagnosis of recurrent FNP. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm: analyses of operative complications in 1582 consecutive patients; Background: Microvascular decompression is the most reliable treatment for HFS, but it may cause complications. The aim was to identify factors affecting the prognosis after MVD and to establish appropriate means to reduce complications. Method: We retrospectively reviewed 1524 patients with HFS who underwent MVD and were followed for more than 6 months since January 1987. The mean follow-up duration was 30.9 months (6-197 months). Results: The effect of MVD was satisfying (excellent or good) in 94.6% (n = 1442). The failure and recurrence rates were 2.1% (n = 32) and 0.4% (n = 6), respectively. Postoperative complications were noted in 545 (35.8%) patients. Among them, facial palsy, hearing deficit, and low cranial nerve palsies were found in 18.6% (n = 283), 7.2% (n = 109), and 2.8% (n = 43), respectively. However, permanent facial weakness, hearing deficit, and lower cranial nerve palsies such as hoarseness and dysphagia were encountered in 1.2% (n = 18), 2.1% (n = 32), and 0.1% (n = 2), respectively. The more immediate and severe the facial palsy was, the more permanent it remained, with statistical significance (P < .05). There was a trend that the more immediate and severe the hearing deficit was, the more permanent the deficit remained, without statistical significance (P = .673). Conclusion: Early (occurrence within 24 hours after operation) and severe cranial nerve deficits, including facial, hearing, and lower cranial nerve deficits after MVD, entail the risk to stay permanent. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Viral etiology for inner ear diseases: Proven, unproven, unlikely; This is a revision article that deals with the broad field of inner ear disease caused by viral infections. Some of these entities have been proven to have a viral etiology. Others have strong evidence in favor of a viral causation but still cannot be considered as a viral disease. Finally, other entities are suggestive of a viral etiology but when the whole body of evidence is considered one concludes that a viral etiology is indeed unlikely. We review the literature and add our own experience in this subject. Clearly, the most important evidence about this subject came from the study of temporal bone histopathology. Certainly, we can learn much more if we continue to collect and study temporal bone specimens histopathologically. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Experimental studies for the improvement of facial nerve regeneration; Using a combination of the following, it is possible to investigate procedures to improve the morphological and functional regeneration of the facial nerve in animal models: 1) retrograde fluorescence tracing to analyse collateral axonal sprouting and the selectivity of reinnervation of the mimic musculature, 2) immunohistochemistry to analyse both the terminal axonal sprouting in the muscles and the axon reaction within the nucleus of the facial nerve, the peripheral nerve, and its environment, and 3) digital motion analysis of the muscles. To obtain good functional facial nerve regeneration, a reduction of terminal sprouting in the mimic musculature seems to be more important than a reduction of collateral sprouting at the lesion site. Promising strategies include acceleration of nerve regeneration, forced induced use of the paralysed face, mechanical stimulation of the face, and transplantation of nerve-growth-promoting olfactory epithelium at the lesion site. © 2007 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Myxoma of the middle ear-a rare cause of facial palsy; In case of the co-occurrence of facial palsy and inflammation-like symptoms of the same ear, the differential diagnosis is focused on viral (herpes zoster) or bacterial diseases. We report a patient for whom the surgical exploration of the middle ear revealed a benign tumor: a myxoma. These neoplasias are rare tumors in the head and neck region. The typical tumor site is the atrium of heart. In the ear, the tumor grows slowly and remains asymptomatic unless it irritates structures such as the facial nerve or the vestibular organ. Histologically, the tumor presents a "myxoid" matrix that is rich in acid mucopolysaccarides. The treatment of choice is complete surgical resection. Using the case presented, we discuss the causality between the tumor and the facial palsy, although during the operation the bony canal of the nerve was found to be intact. In any cases with clinically and radiologically unclear findings of the ear in connection with facial palsy, surgical exposure should be considered. © 2006 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Monitoring the safety of annual and pandemic influenza vaccines: Lessons from the US experience; Annual use of influenza vaccines represents the largest vaccine campaign conducted in the USA. Recent expansions in influenza vaccine recommendations suggest a move toward 'universal' vaccination strategies. Although a great deal of safety data has been accumulated, concerns remain regarding rare, serious adverse events following immunization. A proven association between the 1976-1977 swine influenza vaccine and Guillain-Barré syndrome halted that particular national vaccination campaign. Recently, annual influenza vaccines have been associated with novel adverse events, for example, oculorespiratory syndrome in Canada. Any vaccine used against an influenza strain of pandemic potential will have an incompletely described safety profile. Thus, the challenge of influenza vaccine safety is to detect new safety concerns that may arise during seasonal campaigns, while preparing vaccine safety systems for the timely detection of adverse events in the setting of a pandemic. © 2008 Future Drugs Ltd.
Dilatation of Virchow-Robin perivascular spaces: Report of 3 cases with different localizations; We report on three different cases with Virchow-Robin spaces, including one with extreme widening causing hydrocephalus. In one patient we have performed neuroendoscopic cyst fenestration to resolve the problem. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Rasmussen encephalitis; Rasmussen syndrome or Rasmussen encephalitis is a rare, progressive gray matter disease of childhood. A case of 4-year-old boy is reported here, who presented with recurrent episodes of status epilepticus of simple partial fits along with progressive left sided hemiplegia. EEG showed focal discharges from right hemisphere. Serial MRI brain showed progressive atrophy of right cerebral hemisphere with dilatation of ipsilateral ventricle.
Diagnosis of peripheral facial palsy by transcranial magnetic stimulation; The clinical application of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for prognostic evaluation of peripheral facial palsy is discussed. Because the recovery of motor nerve function is determined by the degree of wallerian degeneration and degenerated nerve fibers are not responsive to electrical stimulation, examinations using electrical stimulation are important for the accurate prognostic evaluation of peripheral facial palsy. However, when the facial nerve is stimulated peripheral to the injury site, the prognosis cannot be estimated correctly until the wallerian degeneration is complete at the site of stimulation. Thus, the results of the nerve excitability test (NET) and electroneurography (ENoG) are not significant for the prognostic evaluation until 7-10 days after the onset of the palsy. When the coil of the magnetic stimulator is placed on the temporal portion at a point 6 cm above and 3 cm behind the external auditory meatus, the facial nerve can be stimulated around the fundus of the internal auditory meatus, which is the central site of the injury in most cases of facial palsy. In normal subjects, the magnetically evoked compound muscle action potential (CMAP) recorded from the electrodes placed on the orbicularis oris muscle is similar to the CMAP in ENoG. But the latency of the CMAP evoked by TMS delays about 1 msec compairing with the CMAP in ENoG. Although the CMAP evoked by TMS can be recorded in about a half of the patients and the amplitude is very low in the early stages of palsy, 83% of the patients showing a response evoked by TMS in the early stages show good prognosis. Patients with a good prognosis can thus be identified using TMS even in the early stages of palsy. The sensitivities and specificities of the examinations used for prognostic evaluation, such as the scoring system for facial movements, NET, stapedial reflex and TMS, are also discussed.
Deep brain stimulation for involuntary movements; In an attempt to control hypokinetic and hyperkinetic movement disorders, deep brain stimulation (DBS) has been developed during the last two decades by several investigators. In 1987, Benabid and his colleagues suggested the usefulness of high-frequency stimulation of the ventral intermediate nucleus of the thalamus for treating drug-resistant tremors and avoiding the adverse effects of thalamotomy. Since then, DBS has been used as an alternative to functional neurosurgery for movement disorders, and more recently, it has been applied to the treatment of epilepsy, obsessive-compulsive disorders and cluster headache, in addition to other applications in experimental models. In regard to the treatment of movement disorders, recent clinical studies have demonstrated that DBS affords great benefits in terms of improvement of the activities of daily living in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD), essential tremor, dystonia and poststroke hyperkinetic movement disorders. We have treated patients with movement disorders by DBS of the thalamic nuclei ventralis oralis (Voa/Vop) et intermedius (Vim), globus pallidus internus (GPi), and subthalamic nucleus (STN). The site of permanent electrode placement was identified using magnetic resonance imaging and multiunit extracellular recording. The implantable pulse generator was internalized after postoperative test stimulation for one week. The stimulation parameters were modified by physicians at each follow-up visit on the basis of the findings on neurological examination, as well as the patient's report concerning the activities of daily living. The advantages of DBS include reversibility and controllability of stimulation. In addition, DBS carries a smaller risk of side effects, particularly when employed bilaterally. Thalamic DBS is useful for controlling tremor that is unresponsive to medication. DBS of the STN and GPi improves the motor functions in PD patients, mainly during the off-period. Moreover, STN-DBS attenuates levodopa-induced dyskinesia through reducing the requirement of DOPA, whereas GPi-DBS directly attenuates DOPA-induced dyskinesia. In addition, GPi-DBS is very useful for controlling the symptoms of idiopatic generalized dystonia. According to reports, DBS is associated with few serious adverse effects associated with DBS. In general, the operative mortality is less than 1%. The incidences of hemorrhage are in the range of about 1-6%, and the incidences of device-related complications, such as infection or skin erosion, are in the range of 3-26%. DBS is clinically effective in well-selected patients and should be considered as a treatment option for patients with medically refractory movement disorders. Despite its clinical usefulness, the mechanism underlying the efficacy of DBS is still unclear. There is no proof currently that long-term DBS can reset neural networks or induce profound modifications of functional organization. Several researchers have proposed hypotheses concerning the mechanism underlying the efficacy of DBS, including 1) jamming of neural transmission, 2) direct inhibition of spike initiation at the level of the membrane that may be due to the activation of inhibitory terminals, 3) functional changes due to a decrease or increase in the amount of neurotransmitter released, and 4) retrograde activation of upstream neural structures. From the viewpoint of basic neuroscience, the development of DBS is intriguing. Investigation regarding the mechanism underlying the efficacy of DBS may provide clues for further clarification of various processes in the central nervous system.
Randomized controlled study on reinforcing method of acupuncture for treatment of Bell's palsy at restoration stage; OBJECTIVE: To observe clinical therapeutic effect of reinforcing method of acupuncture on Bell's palsy at restoration stage. METHODS: One hundred and sixty cases were randomly divided into two groups: an observation group and a control group, 80 cases in each group. The observation group were treated by acupuncture with lifting-thrusting-twirling reinforcing method, and the control group by acupuncture without needling manipulation. The therapeutic effect, and changes of palsy index, degree of palsy and ENoG were observed. RESULTS: Reinforcing method of acupuncture could significantly improve palsy index, degree of palsy and maximal wave amplitude of ENoG; the cured and markedly effective rate was 91.3% in the observation group and 75.0% in the control group with a very significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: The reinforcing method of acupuncture can increase the therapeutic effect on Bell's palsy at restoration stage.
On the surgical treatment of facial paralysis in the early nineteenth century; SUMMARY: The treatment of facial paralysis is generally considered to have been nonsurgical until the end of the nineteenth century. However, the authors discovered recently that already in the 1840s the celebrated German facial reconstructive surgeons Dieffenbach and von Langenbeck applied the technique of subcutaneous myotomy to healthy facial muscles to reestablish balance in the chronically paralyzed faces of their patients. They performed their operations at a time when anesthesia, asepsis, antisepsis, and antibiotics had not yet been introduced into surgery. It is concluded that Dieffenbach and von Langenbeck were the first, in recorded history, to develop a surgical way to treat irreversible facial paralysis. As their principles are still being used in surgical practice, they cannot be regarded as antiquated, which illustrates the difficulties that reconstructive surgeons still experience in the treatment of irreversible facial paralysis. ©2008American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Treating common ear problems in pregnancy: What is safe?; In everyday practise, more than 80% of pregnant women receive one at least medication, often for ENT causes. The aim of the present paper is to review the literature on safety and administration of medical treatment for ear diseases, in pregnant women. The literature review includes Medline and database sources. Electronic links, related books and written guidelines were also included. The study selection was as follows: controlled clinical trials, prospective trials, case-control studies, laboratory studies, clinical reviews, systematic reviews, metanalyses, and case reports. The following drugs are considered relatively safe: beta-lactam antibiotics (with dose adjustment), macrolides (although the use of erythromycin and clarithromycin carries a certain risk), and acyclovir. Non-selective NSAIDs (until the 32nd week), nasal decongestants (with caution and up to 7 days), intranasal corticosteroids, with budesonide as the treatment of choice, first generation antihistamines, or cetirizine (third trimester) and loratadine (second and third trimester) from the second generation, H 2 receptor antagonists (except nizatidine) and proton pump inhibitors (except omeprazole), can be used to relieve patients from the related symptoms. Meclizine and dimenhydrinate, as antiemetics in vertigo attacks; metoclopramide, vitamin B6 and ginger rhizome, alternatively. Low-dose diazepam and diuretics in severe cases of Meniere's disease (with caution). Systemic administration of prednisone and prednisolone can be considered in selected cases. By contrast, selective COX-2 inhibitors, betahistine and vasodilating agents are contraindicated in pregnancy. Since otologic and neurotologic manifestations during pregnancy tend to seriously affect the quality of life of the expectant mothers, ENT surgeons should familiarise themselves with the basic guidelines and safety precautions for any related medication, in order to provide appropriate treatment. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Innovations in ambulatory care: Screening, treatment and iatrogenicity; This year we have selected six studies useful for the day to day practice. A mammography in women 40 to 19 years of age should be evaluated taking into account the patient's profile and the possible risks and benefits of this exam. In patients over 65 years of age, a systematic atrial fibrillation screening, with pulse rate measuring then ECG (if irregular beat) should be realised on a regular basis. The risks for complications following colonoscopies do exist, especially after biopsies/polypectomies and this risk should be discussed. Long term proton pump inhibitor treatment is a risk factor for hip fracture. It is important to treat high blood pressure problems in the elderly, but the orthostatic risks should be adressed. A corticoid treatment started quickly for Bell's palsy is efficient.
What's new in ENT for the practionner in 2007?; Importance of biofims, detected on adenoids. Incidence of post-tonsillectomy hemorage increased in summer and winter, interst of a systematic hearing screening in newborns, proven interst of nasal irrigation in cases of rhino-sinusitis, correlation between obesity and nasal obstruction, interst of nasal evaluation in cases of Wegener, importance of reffered otalgia with normal eardrum as an indicator for ENT tumors, observation of neurinomas inpatients over 65 years, higher and earlier recurrence of T3T4 tumors, while T1T2 tumors of the upper aerodigestive tract reccur mostly in the 4th year. Therapeutic impact of 18FDG-PET/CT in the management of iodine-negative recurrence of differentiated thyroid carcinoma, interest of parotid gland biopsy in the diagnosis of patients with primary Sjogren's syndrome.
Complications following cochlear implantation in patients with anomalous inner ears: Experiences in Asan Medical Center; Conclusion. Although the rate of postoperative complications was higher in patients with anomalous inner ears than in patients with normal inner ears, most were minor and could be managed conservatively. These findings suggest that cochlear implantation (CI) is safe even for patients with anomalous inner ears in experienced hospitals. Objective. To report complications encountered in patients with various types of anomalous inner ears undergoing CI in Asan Medical Center. Patients and methods. We retrospectively analyzed 388 patients who underwent CI between April 1999 and July 2006; of these, 80 patients had various inner ear anomalies. Immediate complications were defined as those occurring within 1 week of implantation and delayed complications as those occurring after 1 week. Minor and major complications were defined by severity requiring further management. Results. Of the 80 patients with anomalous inner ears, 20 cases (25.0%) had postoperative complications, including 5 (6.3%) with major complications: facial nerve palsy, recurrent meningitis, device failure, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leakage. Re-implantations were performed in three patients (3.8%). © 2008 Taylor & Francis.
Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome in 2 HIV-infected patients receiving antiretroviral therapy; We describe 2 human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients who developed hypertension and severe neurological abnormalities while receiving successful antiretroviral therapy. Neuroimaging findings were characteristic of reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome, a brain-capillary leak syndrome with hypertension and endothelial damage. We discuss the role of antiretroviral therapy-associated metabolic alterations in endothelial damage, hypertension, and reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome. © 2007 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome treated with clofazimine; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a triad of facial palsy, lingua plicata and chronic orofacial swelling. Mono- and oligosymptomatic forms are common and cheilitis granulomatosa is often considered a monosymptomatic form of MRS. In advanced stages the histological findings are noncaseating granulomas. The etiology remains unclear and treatment is difficult. A few uncontrolled studies have shown corticosteroids and clofazimine to be effective. We report on a 31 -year-old man with complete MRS who responded well to treatment with clofazimine.
Traumatic ossicular dislocations: etiology and management; Objective: This study was conducted to discuss the etiologic factors, clinical-radiologic findings, and surgical outcomes in patients with traumatic ossicular pathology. Material and methods: Thirty-two patients with conductive hearing loss due to trauma were retrospectively analyzed. Their mean age was 24.56 ± 7 years. The average delay from injury until treatment was 5.7 years. Air and bone conduction hearing thresholds were measured by pure tone audiometry on initial admission, at 1 month postoperatively and during follow-up at 6-month intervals. Mean follow-up time is 3.2 years. The hearing threshold was calculated as the mean value of the threshold for 500, 1000, 2000, and 3000 Hertz. All patients were evaluated by high-resolution computerized tomography of the temporal bone at axial and coronal sections before the surgery. Results: Traffic accident was the common cause of injury. Seven patients had temporal bone fracture. Six patients had facial paralysis ranging between House-Brackmann grades II and IV. Incudostapedial disarticulation was the most common ossicular pathology. Closure of air-bone gap within 10 and 20 decibels was observed in 37.6% and 71.9% of the patients, respectively. There is an improvement of 10 decibels or more in the hearing threshold of 27 (84.3%) patients. Conclusions: Head trauma can be associated with ossicular disruption, which should be suspected in patients with conductive hearing loss that persists after a healing process of 2 months. The diagnosis can be best confirmed by tomography. Hearing results after immediate or delayed ossiculoplasty are apparently satisfying, although late cases are assumed to be associated with adhesion or fibrosis. © 2008.
Verrucous carcinoma of the temporal bone; Verrucous carcinoma is a highly differentiated variant of squamous cell carcinoma. In the literature, 11cases of primary verrucous carcinoma of the temporal bone have been reported. We present a 48-year-old woman who had undergone radical mastoidectomy because of chronic otitis media 20 years ago; consequently, verrucous carcinoma occurred in the mastoid cavity. We discuss verrucous carcinoma of the temporal bone with the review of literature. © 2008.
Cerebrovascular accident during cisplatin-based combination chemotherapy of testicular germ cell tumor: An unusual case report; Even though testicular nonseminomatous germ cell tumors (NSGCTs) usually have a good prognosis and high curability rates, unpredicted complications owing to chemotherapy regimens might complicate the course. Modalities that are commonly used to cure NSGCTs have well-known side effects. Thromboembolism, which is infrequently associated with germ cell tumors and the vascular toxicity of chemotherapeutics, causes morbidity and mortality. We report a young testicular NSGCT patient, without any known underlying risk factor, who experienced an unpredicted cerebrovascular accident after he received cisplatin-based combination chemotherapy. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Automatic three-dimensional quantitative analysis for evaluation of facial movement; The aim of this study is to present a new 3D capture system of facial movements called FACIAL CLIMA. It is an automatic optical motion system that involves placing special reflecting dots on the subject's face and video recording with three infrared-light cameras the subject performing several face movements such as smile, mouth puckering, eye closure and forehead elevation. Images from the cameras are automatically processed with a software program that generates customised information such as 3D data on velocities and areas. The study has been performed in 20 healthy volunteers. The accuracy of the measurement process and the intrarater and interrater reliabilities have been evaluated. Comparison of a known distance and angle with those obtained by FACIAL CLIMA shows that this system is accurate to within 0.13 mm and 0.41°. In conclusion, the accuracy of the FACIAL CLIMA system for evaluation of facial movements is demonstrated and also the high intrarater and interrater reliability. It has advantages with respect to other systems that have been developed for evaluation of facial movements, such as short calibration time, short measuring time, easiness to use and it provides not only distances but also velocities and areas. Thus the FACIAL CLIMA system could be considered as an adequate tool to assess the outcome of facial paralysis reanimation surgery. Thus, patients with facial paralysis could be compared between surgical centres such that effectiveness of facial reanimation operations could be evaluated. © 2007 British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons.
A supratentorial primitive neuroectodermal tumor in an adult: A case report and review of the literature; Supratentorial primitive neuroectodermal tumors (sPNET) occurring in adults are rare. Only 56 such cases have been previously reported. This report documents a 56-year-old male who presented with the chief complaint of right facial palsy. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed left frontal and bilateral periventricular lesions. Surgery was performed for the frontal mass, which was histologically diagnosed to be sPNET. An immunohistochemistry assay for CD99, and a fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) assay for t(11;22) translocation revealed this PNET to be a central PNET. This case was the first case to detect a central PNET using both immunohistochemistry and the FISH assay in adult sPNET. Though radiation therapy was performed, an MRI performed 2.5 months after the surgery revealed a regrowth of the tumor. The patient died 5 months after surgery. This case report is accompanied by a review of 57 cases of adult sPNET. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
CSF IgH gene rearrangement analysis in isolated post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder of the central nervous system; Isolated post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorder (PTLD) of the central nervous system is rare and its diagnosis can be challenging. A biopsy is usually required in order to distinguish the disease from opportunistic infections. We present a case in whom immunoglobulin heavy chain gene rearrangement analysis of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) was instrumental in establishing the diagnosis. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
Vagus Nerve Stimulation for Epilepsy and Depression; Many patients with epilepsy suffer from persistent seizures despite maximal antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. Chronic, intermittent vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) has proven to be a safe, effective option for patients suffering from refractory seizures who are not candidates for surgical resection. Although only a small minority of patients will be entirely seizure-free, VNS as an adjunct to medical therapy does appear to provide a significant amount of improvement in quality of life. Reports of antidepressant effects independent of seizure control, along with the use of multiple AEDs in the treatment of depression, has led to the investigation of VNS as a potential adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder. Both the number of severely depressed patients refractory to available pharmacologic options and the need for repeated treatments and significant side effects associated with electroconvulsive therapy have heightened the interest in VNS for this patient population. Pilot studies of VNS for depression have shown impressive response rates; however, the effect appears to be gradual in onset, as demonstrated by the lack of a favorable response in a short-term, randomized controlled study. Investigation is thus needed to establish the potential role of VNS as an adjunctive treatment for severe depression. © 2008 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc.
Transforming growth factor β and wound healing in human cholesteatoma; OBJECTIVE: Cholesteatoma is a nonmalignant, destructive lesion of the temporal bone that gradually expands and causes complications by the erosion of the adjacent bony structures. The consequences can be as severe as facial paralysis and intracranial complications. Until now, surgery has been the only treatment of choice. The pathogenesis of cholesteatoma remains controversial. Current concepts postulate that cholesteatoma may be a wound-healing process, although formal proof is lacking as of yet. Several reports provide evidence for the involvement of transforming growth factor (TGF)β in both normal and abnormal wound healing. STUDY DESIGN: The expression of TGFβ, the activated form of its intracellular effector, phosphorylated-Sma-Mad (pSmad)2, its natural inhibitor, Smad7, and target gene extra domain A-positive fibronectin (EDA-FN) were examined. METHODS: Quantitative immunohistochemical analysis was performed using an image analysis system. RESULTS: In 12 cholesteatoma and control samples, protein expressions showed consistent relationships among TGFβ, nuclear pSmad2, and Smad7. We found concordant expressions of TGFβ and nuclear pSmad2 in cholesteatoma epithelium and its control. Epithelial Smad7 expression was significantly reduced in cholesteatoma when compared with control epithelium (P = .04). In cholesteatoma extracellular matrix (ECM), a significantly increased TGFβ, and nuclear pSmad2 was demonstrated (P < .01). Smad7 expression in the ECM was comparable in cholesteatoma and its control. EDA-FN deposition in cholesteatoma ECM was excessive, whereas EDA-FN expression was absent in controls. CONCLUSION: Our results confirm reports of in vitro experiments and support the concept that cholesteatoma behaves as a chronic wound healing process. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Clearance of a status aurae migraenalis in response to thrombendarterectomy in a patient with high grade internal carotid artery stenosis; We report a patient with high grade internal carotid artery (ICA) stenosis who had frequent migrainous aura-like symptoms for a period of 3 weeks (Latin; status aurae migraenalis). This syndrome has been described previously but it was unclear whether ischaemic damage was associated with it. Using MRI, we demonstrated widely scattered focal laminar cortical infarcts. Importantly, after ICA thrombendarterectomy, the status aurae migraenalis abruptly ceased which supports the concept that high grade ICA stenosis can be the cause of status aurae migraenalis.
Transient facial palsy in two cases of benign, very rare middle ear tumors (carcinoid tumor and myxoma); OBJECTIVE: Presentation of the clinical features of 2 very rare middle ear tumors in which the guiding symptom was facial palsy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Illustrative case reports about a myxoma and a carcinoid tumor of the middle ear associated with peripheral facial palsy. RESULTS: The facial palsy was transient in either case, and its pathomechanism is open for discussion. In both cases, the initial symptoms were typical for an inflammatory process. Moreover, both tumor entities are typically found in organs other than the ear; if located in the middle ear, those neoplasms grow rather superficially. In those cases, a surgical exposure of the middle ear is indicated. CONCLUSION: The etiopathology of an acute peripheral facial palsy is often hard to identify. If the facial weakness starts together with symptoms suggesting an inflammatory process, the differential diagnosis may be focused first on diseases like herpes zoster oticus and a severe course of acute purulent otitis media. We report the cases of 2 rare middle ear tumors causing facial palsy. Treatment of choice should be complete surgical excision. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The relationship between acute mastoiditis and antibiotic use for acute otitis media in children; Objective: To determine the relationship between prior antibiotic use and the development of acute mastoiditis (AM) in children. Design: Retrospective review. Setting: Tertiary pediatric center. Patients: We identified 129 patients with AM who were admitted to our center between 1996 and 2005. Main Outcome Measure: Proportion of children who developed AM. Results: A total of only 67 patients (51.9%) had undergone any antimicrobial treatment prior to hospital admission. In 1996, 64% of patients with AM had received antibiotics for acute otitis media (AOM) prior to admission (n=7 of 11), but this percentage had steadily decreased to 27% by 2005 (n=4 of 15). The yearly number of cases of AM treated in our institution has remained stable over this period. A subperiosteal abscess was identified in 45 patients (34.9%), while the remainder (n=84) had postauricular inflammation only (65.1%). Nineteen patients with a subperiosteal abscess (42%) and 48 patients without a subperiosteal abscess (57%) had undergone prehospitalization antimicrobial therapy for suppurative AOM. There was no significant difference in antibiotic use between the numbers of patients with or without a subperiosteal abscess. Regarding the sensitivity of bacteria isolated from patients with a subperiosteal abscess, only 1 patient was infected with an organism that was not sensitive to the prehospitalization antibiotic prescribed. Conclusion: Use of antibiotics to treat suppurative AOM in children might not influence the subsequent development of AM. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Malignant tumors of the ear and temporal bone: A study of 27 patients and review of their management; Objective: To evaluate the management of patients with malignant tumors of the ear and temporal bone. Design: Retrospective analysis of data. Setting: Radcliffe Infirmary, Oxford, United Kingdom. Participants: Twenty-seven patients were classified into two groups according to the site of origin of the tumor: (1) superficial (17 tumors): tumors arising from the skin of the pinna, parotid, and temporomandibular joint area; (2) deep (10 tumors): tumors arising in the ear canal and temporal bone. Main Outcome Measures: Treatment modality, complications, recurrence rate, disease-free interval, and survival. Results: The mean follow-up period was 25 months (0 to 60), and the median overall survival 46 months (0 to 102). Complications occurred in 6 patients (22%). The 3-year survival was 38% (95% confidence interval [CI], 19 to 58%), and the 5-year survival 19% (95% CI, 3 to 35%). Conclusions: There were insufficient data to demonstrate any difference in survival or disease-free interval related to the site of tumor origin (superficial versus deep tumors). There were independent differences in survival in favor of both performing parotidectomy and usin postoperative radiotherapy, but neither reached significance at the 0.05 level. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Neuroretinitis with coexistent Bell's palsy; • Aim: To report an unusual case of neuroretinits with coexistent Bell's Palsy. • Methods: A case report. • Results: A 16-year-old boy presented with right eye blurring of vision for one week. It was associated with high fever and facial asymmetry. The visual acuity of the right eye was 6/60 and the left eye was 6/6. Funduscopy of the right eye showed swollen and hyperemic optic disc with presence of macular star. There was also left lower motor neuron nerve palsy. Humphrey visual field perimetry showed small paracentral scotoma with enlargement of blind spot. Complete blood count showed neutrophilia with increased erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR). Serology for syphilis, toxoplasmosis, Lyme disease and cat-scratch disease was negative. Herpes simplex virus, Herpes zoster virus, and human immunodeficiency virus investigations were negative. Rickettsia was also negative. MRI of the brain and orbit were normal without demyelinating lesion. He was started with high dose intravenous methylprednisolone 250mg four times per day for three days. He was then discharged home with oral prednisolone 1mg/kg for another 11 days. During the follow-up, the visual acuity was improved to 6/6 after six months with slightly pale disc. The Bell's palsy was also improved without obvious facial asymmetry. • Conclusion: It is important for clinician to examine other cranial nerves in optic neuritis. Although neuroretinitis with coexistent facial nerve palsy is a rare condition, thorough examinations and investigations should be made to exclude the important infective causes. Optic neuritis with coexistent facial nerve palsy responds well to the high dose steroids.
Emotional facial palsy following striato-capsular infarction; Emotional facial palsy (EFP) is a rare condition in which facial paresis is only apparent during reflex movements of the hemiface, such as smiling and laughter. We report the case of a 32-year-old man presenting with EFP as the main symptom of a small striatocapsular infarction. Our case strongly suggests that the anterior arm of the internal capsule is part of the corticonuclear tract that is involved in emotional facial motility.
Clinical trials with intracerebral convection-enhanced delivery of targeted toxins in malignant glioma; Currently used targeted toxins are recombinant molecules specifically binding to surface receptors overexpressed on tumor cells. These recombinant proteins consist of a tumor-selective ligand coupled to a truncated peptide toxin. Ligands may bind to tumor-associated molecules with receptor signaling properties, such as epidermal growth factor receptor, transferrin receptor, and interleukin-13 or interleukin-4 receptors. The toxin part of the molecule in all clinically used toxins is a modified bacterial polypeptide fused to one of the above ligands. Targeted toxins are very effective against tumor cells resistant to radiation and chemotherapy. They are far more potent than any known chemotherapy drug. Targeted toxins have shown an acceptable profile of toxicity and safety in early clinical studies and have demonstrated some evidence for tumor response. Currently, phase 3 trials with some targeted toxins are underway and final results are still pending. This review summarizes the study protocols and key findings of the most important clinical studies with targeted toxins in malignant glioma patients. It offers in addition an outlook into future areas of development of targeted toxins, such as improved delivery modes and non-invasive imaging of toxin distribution. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
What's in the literature?; I have been the beneficiary for many years of the wisdom that my colleague, Dr. Lawrence Phillips, has distilled into this section through his astute summaries of the neuromuscular literature. It is with enthusiasm and gratitude, but with some trepidation, that I assume this responsibility at the request of the Editor in Chief as Dr. Phillips moves on to other responsibilities. I hope that readers continue to find this section useful. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Suprasellar germinoma and late perioptic seeding; PURPOSE. To report an unusual case of optic nerve seeding 12 years following treatment of a suprasellar germinoma. METHODS. Observational case report. RESULTS. A 34-year-old woman presented with a 3-week history of subjective right eye visual loss. She had been diagnosed with a suprasellar germinoma at 22 years of age, which had been partially excised and radiated (5400 cGy). The tumor had shown complete radiographic regression without neurologic sequelae. Pertinent findings on current examination included right eye visual acuity of 20/150, right relative afferent papillary defect, and optic nerve pallor in the right eye. In addition, partial left facial paralysis was noted. Examination was otherwise unremarkable including 20/20 acuity in the left eye. Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated abnormal enhancement and thickening of both optic nerves and along the course of the left V and VII cranial nerves. Serum levels of α-fetoprotein and β-HCG were abnormal, consistent with metastatic germinoma. Following two cycles of chemotherapy (VIP-etoposide, ifosfamide, and cisplatin), visual acuity returned to 20/20 bilaterally, with corresponding radiographic improvement and normal cerebrospinal fluid cytology. CONCLUSIONS. Perioptic subarachnoid seeding may occur over a decade after presumed successful treatment of germinomas, suggesting the importance of lifelong observation. © Wichtig Editore, 2008.
New classification of rating facial nerve dysfunction.; In consideration of the complexity of the physiopathology of the facial nerve and to get a standard model of classification of his dysfunction, it appears evident the necessity in the clinical practice to have a rapid, simple and easy system. Grading of facial function is necessary for evaluating and communicating the spontaneous course and the results of medical and surgical treatment. Different grading scales have been proposed but none has been universally accepted; the author revises the principal systems of classification and proposes a new and easy model.
Glioblastoma multiforme incorrectly diagnosed as ADEM in children; Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis is an acute demyelinating disorder of the central nervous system, characterized by an encephalopathy, multifocal grey matter and white matter involvement. Pediatric high-grade gliomas represent a heterogeneous group of tumors accounting for 15-20% of all pediatric brain tumors. We describe two children who were incorrectly diagnosed as acute disseminated encephalomyelitis initially, but subsequently found to have glioblastoma multiforme. The cases would exemplify the diagnostic difficulties in acute disseminated encephalomyelitis. © 2008 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Ten years of adverse drug reaction reports for the multiple sclerosis immunomodulatory therapies: A Canadian perspective; Adverse drug reaction (ADR) reporting is essential in the post-marketing surveillance of drugs, detection of serious adverse reactions, and has been the basis for drug withdrawals. The study aimed to examine ADR reporting patterns to the multiple sclerosis (MS) immunomodulatory drugs (IMD) in Canada. All ADRs reported to the Canadian ADR Monitoring Program (CADRMP) from 1965 to March 2006 (n = 193 208) were accessed and ADRs in which an IMD for MS (beta-interferon or glatiramer acetate) was the suspected drug extracted (n = 888 reports were dated March/96-March/ 06). Almost half of all IMD ADRs reports (438/888) were sourced through the patient compared to 14.9% (10 649/71 373) of all ADRs reported to CADRMP over the same period. Of IMD ADR reports, 88.7% (788/888) were directed through the manufacturer compared to 57.7% (41197/71373) of all ADRs. Encouragement to others involved in patient care, such as pharmacists, nurses and physicians might enhance reporting of MS ADRs. Despite the limitations of ADR reporting data, previously unpublished case reports in several understudied MS populations were detailed: paediatrics (≤16 years old, n = 4), the elderly (≥65 years, n = 23) and during pregnancy (n = 12). In addition, 46 deaths suspected by the reporter as being related to IMD treatment were detailed as well as three possible drug interactions. © 2008 SAGE Publications.
Bell's palsy - A rare association with hepatitis A; Bell's palsy is a unilateral lower motor neuron (LMN)type of facial paralysis. Various aetiological agents are associated with it including hepatitis A virus, the rare one. This association is found in our case, hence reported due to its rarity.
Facial palsy in Kawasaki disease: Report of two cases; Facial palsy is an unusual complication associated with Kawasaki disease, with only a few published case reports. We report two patients with typical Kawasaki disease and facial palsy. Both had coronary artery aneurysms and were treated with intravenous immunoglobulin. The facial palsy resolved completely over the next several months in both patients. Coronary artery aneurysms resolved completely in one patient, and the other has not regressed to normal till now. The incidence of coronary artery aneurysm appears to be higher in the handful of reported cases of Kawasaki disease with facial palsy.
Effectiveness of physiotherapy treatment in peripheral facial palsy. A systematic review; Aim. To make a review and analysis of articles that used physical therapy methods for peripheral facial paralysis (PFP). Materials and methods. The articles were searched in MEDLINE, EMBASE, PEDro y CINAHL data bases. The inclusion criteria used for the selection of the articles were: randomized controlled trials, studies in which patients suffered from PFP, studies in which physical therapy interventions were used for PFP treatment, studies published in periodic journals in between the years of 1970 and 2007, studies published in English. There were two independently reviewers that assessed the quality of the studies thanks to the Jadad scale and finally selected six randomized controlled trials. Results. Four of six selected articles showed acceptable methodological quality and five of them described movement and facial symmetry improvements, as so as prevention and decrease of synkinesis. Conclusions. The results of our systematic review study can be very helpful for clinical decision purposes and further clinical trials. However, we consider that it's necessary to reproduce all of the studies selected but with certain methodological adjustments. We recommend that further studies investigate the most effective treatment parameters for adequate PFP treatment. © 2008, Revista de Neurología.
Fibrous dysplasia of the temporal bone complicated by cholesteatoma and thrombophlebitis of the transverse and sigmoid sinuses: A case report; Fibrous dysplasia is a benign condition that can affect the skull and facial bones and cause a broad spectrum of otolaryngologic conditions. We present the case of a boy with polyostotic fibrous dysplasia with involvement of the temporal bone that was first diagnosed when he was 9 years old. His condition eventually became complicated by cholesteatoma and thrombophlebitis of the left transverse and sigmoid sinuses, and he died of his disease at the age of 19 years. We discuss these and other complications of fibrous dysplasia of the temporal bone and their management. Copyright © 2008 Ear, Nose & Throat Journal All rights reserved.
Adverse events associated with intranasal influenza vaccine in the United States; Methods: The goal of this review was to analyze the post-vaccination adverse effects associated with Live Attenuated Influenza Vaccine (LAIV) compared to those of the Injectable Trivalent Inactivated Vaccine (TIV) in patients with egg allergy and asthma. PubMed, Ovid, and Google searches were conducted. Searched articles relating to allergic reactions, asthma or food allergy, and LAIV were reviewed. Results: Similar or superior efficacy of LAIV compared to TIV was reported by various studies. Respiratory symptoms were the most common adverse events following both vaccinations. Although no evidence was found of a direct causal relationship between intranasal influenza vaccine and anaphylaxis due to egg allergy, a number of cases of anaphylaxis were reported. To date, there are no studies directly comparing the frequency of anaphylactic reactions between the two vaccines. Conclusions: The safety of LAIV in individuals with unstable asthma and egg allergy has not been established and it should be avoided in these populations. For patients with unstable asthma, TIV should remain the therapy of choice. © SAGE Publications, Inc.2008.
Post-traumatic stroke in children with good clinical recovery: Report of three cases; Stroke resulting from traumatic brain injury in children is uncommon. Three such cases are reported here, to bring this entity to attention and to highlight their good prognosis. Possible mechanisms that may lead to stroke in children following head trauma are discussed No other causes of stroke were identified, and magnetic resonance angiography and Doppler ultrasound ruled out injury to the carotid vessels in all three cases. © 2008 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Anterior chemodenervation of levator palpebrae superioris with botulinum toxin type-A (Botox®) to induce temporary ptosis for corneal protection; Aim: To evaluate the effectiveness of anterior chemodenervation of levator palpebrae superioris with Botulinum toxin type A (Botox®) to induce temporary ptosis for corneal protection, and assess the incidence of superior rectus underaction. Methods: Prospective interventional case series. Patients with ocular surface pathology requiring temporary tarsorrhaphy underwent transcutaneous anterior chemodenervation of levator palpebrae superioris with Botox®. The onset and duration of ptosis, corneal healing, and superior rectus underaction was evaluated. Results: Ten eyes of 10 patients underwent transcutaneous anterior chemodenervation of levator muscle. Five patients had Bells palsy with exposure keratopathy, four patients had persistent epithelial defect, and one had neurotrophic ulcer. The median age at presentation was 30 years. Median dose of Botulinum toxin injection was 12.5U (range 10-15U). The mean palpebral fissure height of 9 mm (SD±2.1 mm) before injection, reduced to 2.8 mm (SD±1.9 mm) at 1-week post-injection. More than 50% reduction in palpebral fissure height was seen in nine out of 10 eyes (90%, 95% CI 71.4-100%) at 1 week, seven of nine eyes (77.8%, 95% CI 50.6-100%) at 2 weeks, and two of nine eyes (22.2%, 95% CI 0-49.4%) at 4 weeks, and returned to pretreatment level after mean duration of 9.2 weeks (range 5-16 weeks). Superior rectus underaction was not noted in any of the patient (95% CI 0-30%). Corneal pathology improved in all cases. Conclusion: Anterior chemodenervation of levator palpebrae superioris with Botulinum toxin type A (Botox®) induces significant temporary ptosis and aids in corneal healing. Anterior placement of the toxin injection may avoid superior rectus underaction.
Accidental transtumoral microparticle embolization of eloquent brain areas in a case of large temporofrontal meningioma; We report a case of transtumoral diapedesis of microparticles during preoperative embolization of a large symptomatic temporofrontal meningioma, resulting in severe neurological deficit. In retrospective analysis of angiographic images, the pattern of supply to the tumour was found to be predictive for wide anastomotic channels connecting the dural and pial supply, thereby increasing the risk of the procedure. Recognising this pattern can prevent this rare cause of complication in a still controversial procedure.
An alternative treatment for facial nerve tumors: Short-term results of radiotherapy; A review of medical records of patients undergoing radiotherapy for facial nerve tumors was undertaken to determine subsequent facial nerve results, hearing results, and tumor control. Two patients with facial nerve tumors received this treatment. Facial nerve function remains excellent in one patient and significantly improved in the other. Neither tumor demonstrated growth. Current philosophies of facial nerve schwannoma management attempt to balance tumor control with facial nerve function. Radiotherapy for these tumors appears to preserve short-term facial function and may be a viable alternative to surgical management. © 2008, Vendome Group, LLC. All rights reserved.
Peripheral facial palsy in the past: Contributions from Avicenna, Nicolaus Friedreich and Charles Bell; This study provides historical documents of peripheral facial palsy from Egypt, Greece and Rome, through the middle ages, and the renaissance, and into the last four centuries. We believe that the history of peripheral facial palsy parallels history of the human race itself. Emphasis is made on contributions by Avicenna and Nicolaus Friedreich. Controversies about the original clinical description by Charles Bell are also discussed.
Facial nerve schwannoma presenting as a mass in the middle cranial fossa: Typical neuroradiological patterns for a preoperative diagnosis; Facial nerve schwannoma is a rare primary neurogenic tumour that may originate anywhere along the VIIth nerve course. The clinical presentation is highly dependent on the location of the lesion along the nerve course and this makes the pre-operative diagnosis difficult without radiologic examination. The most common presentation is facial palsy and even though tumours are responsible for only 5% of facial palsies, if a patient does not recover within six months a complete work-up for neoplasm is recommended. On the basis of clinical presentation and imaging characteristics radiologists should try to make a preoperative diagnosis, to help in the patient's management and possibly to plan the surgical approach. We describe the case of a successful preoperative diagnosis of facial nerve schwannoma. The aim is to describe the main CT and MRI findings which may help the radiologist to establish a correct differential diagnosis.
Caregivers or care providers: Who should assess motor function in cerebral palsy?; The aim of this study was to investigate correlation between gross motor performance and gross motor capability of children with cerebral palsy (CP). A total of 106 participants comprising 53 (34 male and 19 female) children with CP aged between 1 and 12 years and their 53 primary caregivers were consecutively recruited from the University College Hospital Ibadan and Oni Memorial Children Hospital Ibadan, Nigeria. The gross motor capability was assessed in the clinic by a physiotherapist (care provider) using the Gross Motor Function Classification System (GMFCS) while the gross motor performance was assessed by the primary caregivers in their home environment using the Gross Motor Function Classification System Family Questionnaire (GMFCSFQ). Scores obtained from the GMFCS and GMFCSFQ were correlated using the Spearman correlation statistic at α = 0.05. Findings revealed that majority (94.3%) of the caregivers were mothers and the remainder, grandmothers (5.7%). A statistically significant positive correlation between the GMFCS and GMFCSFQ scores in all the children with cerebral palsy (P = 0.82, P = 0.00), those with quadriplegic CP (P = 0.70, P = 0.00) and hemiplegic CP (P = 0.79, P = 0.00). However a positive but non-significant correlation was observed in those with diplegic CP (P = 0.74, P = 0.26). The study outcome suggests that both the caregivers and the care providers of children with hemiplegic and quadriplegic CP would turn in similar judgment while assessing motor function in this group of patients. Apparent feminization of care giving role for CP was also revealed in this study. © 2008 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome: A rare complication of hypertensive encephalopathy in children; Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome is a recently defined cliniconeuroradiologic entity, rarely reported in children. Hypertensive encephalopathy is the most common cause. A 4-year-old boy presented with reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome manifested by headache, seizures, coma, papilledema and facial paralysis complicating severe arterial hypertension. Computed tomography scan of the brain showed bilateral low-density areas corresponding to the frontal, parietooccipital white matter and to the internal capsula. Blood pressure was controlled within 4 days and clinical recovery was obtained within 5 days. Magnetic resonance imaging, performed 2 months later, was normal. The arterial hypertension was caused by renal scars of bilateral vesico-renal reflux. The clinical course, pathophysiology and neuroimaging features of reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome in children are discussed. © 2008 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Facial nucleus up-regulation of brain-derived neurotrophic factor mRNA following electroacupuncture treatment in a rabbit model of facial nerve injury; Background: The effect of acupuncture treatment on peripheral facial nerve injury is generally accepted. However, the mechanisms of action remain poorly understood. Objective: To validate the effect of acupoint electro-stimulation on brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) mRNA expression in the facial nucleus of rabbits with facial nerve injury, with the hypothesis that acupuncture treatment efficacy is related to BDNF. Design, time and setting: Peripheral facial nerve injury, in situ hybridization, and randomized, controlled, animal trial. The experiment was performed at the Laboratory of Anatomy, Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine from March to September 2005. Materials: A total of 120 healthy, adult, Japanese rabbits, with an equal number of males and females were selected. Models of peripheral facial nerve injury were established using the facial nerve pressing method. Methods: The rabbits were randomly divided into five groups (n = 24): sham operation, an incision to the left facial skin, followed by suture; model, no treatment following facial nerve model establishment; western medicine, 10 mg vitamin B1, 50 μ g vitamin B12, and dexamethasone (2 mg/d, reduced to half every 7 days) intramuscular injection starting with the first day following lesion, once per day; traditional acupuncture, acupuncture at Yifeng, Quanliao, Dicang, Jiache, Sibai, and Yangbai acupoints using a acupuncture needle with needle twirling every 10 minutes, followed by needle retention for 30 minutes, for successive 5 days; electroacupuncture, similar to the traditional acupuncture group, the Yifeng (negative electrode), Jiache (positive electrode), Dicang (negative electrode), and Sibai (positive electrode) points were connected to an universal pulse electro-therapeutic apparatus for 30 minutes per day, with disperse-dense waves for successive 5 days, and resting for 2 days. Main outcome measures: Left hemisphere brain stem tissues were harvested on post-operative days 7, 14, 21, and 28 under a dissecting microscope. Neuronal appearance in the facial nucleus was observed following Nissl staining. BDNF mRNA expression in the facial nucleus was determined using in situ hybridization. Results: A total of 120 rabbits were included in the final analysis. In the model group, the nucleolus was asymmetric with cell body swelling, and the number of Nissl bodies decreased. With increasing time, there were more Nissl bodies in the western medicine, traditional acupuncture, and electroacupuncture groups, in particular the electroacupuncture group. However, the number of Nissl bodies remained less than in the sham operation group. The number of BDNF-positive neurons in the facial nucleus was significantly greater in the western medicine, traditional acupuncture, and electroacupuncture groups, compared with the model group (P < 0.01). The number of BDNF-positive neurons in the facial nucleus of reached a minimum in the electroacupuncture group on post-surgery day 21, and increased by day 28, but remained less than control levels. Conclusion: Electroacupuncture at acupoints increased BDNF expression in the facial nucleus, alleviated neuronal injury in the facial nucleus, and promoted facial nerve regeneration. The effect was superior over traditional acupuncture and western medicine.
Otogenic intracranial complications; Objective: The aim of the study was to present cases of otogenic intracranial complications that were diagnosed and treated in our clinic. Material and Methods: Nine cases who presented to the Kocaeli University Medical Faculty Ear-Nose-Throat clinic between 2004 and 2007 were reviewed. All patients were males and the age of the patients ranged from 18 to 75 years. Temporal bone CT, cranial MRI, neurootological examination, hematological and odiologic examinations were performed routinely in each case. MR venography was performed in six patients. Results: Seven cases who developed complications had chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma. Granulation tissue was detected during the operation in two patients. Four patients had dual complications and overall 13 complications developed. The complications included 5 lateral sinus thrombosis, 2 temporal lobe brain abscesses, 2 meningitidis, 2 perisinusoidal abscesses, 1 cerebellar abscess, and 1 otitic hydrocephalus. 5 patients with cholesteatoma underwent radical mastoidectomy and radical mastoidectomy was performed in the remaining two. A case with bilateral mastoiditis, which caused menengitis underwent bilateral simple mastoidectomy. Modified radical mastoidectomy was performed in the patient with no cholesteatoma. We performed additional surgical procedures according to the type of complications. Medical treatment was administered to the patients pre- and postoperatively. Two patients had ataxia, facial paralysis and hearing loss. None of the patients died. Conclusion: Intracranial complications of chronic otitis media have high mortality and morbidity rates. Early diagnosis and treatment of these complications has great importance for society health. Copyright © 2008 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis in the rabbits using laser welding; The aim of this study is to compare laser nerve welding of hypoglossal-facial nerve to microsurgical suturing and a result of immediate and delayed repair, and to evaluate the effectiveness of laser nerve welding in reanimation of facial paralysis of the rabbit models.The first group of 5 rabbits underwent immediate hypoglossal-facial anastomosis (HFA) by microsurgical suturing and the second group of 5 rabbits by CO2 laser welding. The third group of 5 rabbits underwent delayed HFA by microsurgical suturing and the fourth group of 5 rabbits by laser nerve welding. The fifth group of 5 rabbits sustained intact hypoglossal and facial nerve as control. In all rabbits of the 4 different groups, cholera toxin subunit B (CTb) was injected in the epineurium distal to the anastomosis site on the postoperative sixth week and in normal hypoglossal nerve in the 5 rabbits of control group. Neurons labeled CTb of hypoglossal nuclei were positive immunohistochemically and the numbers were counted.In the immediate HFA groups, CTb positive neurons were 1416 ± 118 in the laser welding group (n = 5) and 1429 ± 90 in the microsurgical suturing group (n = 5). There was no significant difference (P = 0.75). In the delayed HFA groups, CTb positive neurons were 1503 ± 66 in the laser welding group (n = 5) and 1207 ± 68 in the microsurgical suturing group (n = 5). Difference was significant (P = 0.009). There was no significant difference between immediate and delayed anastomosis in the laser welding group (P = 0.208), but some significant difference was observed between immediate and delayed anastomosis in the microsurgical suturing group (P = 0.016). Injected CTb in intact hypoglossal neurons (n = 5) were labeled 1970 ± 165. No dehiscence was seen on the laser welding site of nerve anastomosis in all the rabbits as re-exploration was done for injection of CTb.This study shows that regeneration of the anastomosed hypoglossal-facial nerve was affected similarly by either laser welding or microsurgical suturing in immediate repair; however, the welding was more effective especially in delayed repair. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Cranial dermoid and epidermoid Tumors; Objectives: To assess the surgical out come of patients with intracranial epidermoid/dermoid tumors. Material and Methods: This descriptive observational study was conducted in department of Neurosurgery, Lady Reading Hospital Peshawar from May 2003 to March 2007. Patient with radiologically diagnosed epidermoid/dermoid tumors based on CT and MRI findings were selected. Detailed history and clinical features along with radiological findings were documented. Operative and histopathological details were noted. Results: A total of 13 patients with dermoid/epidermoid tumor were analyzed. There were 8 males and 5 females with age ranged for 4 to 48 years with mean age of 30.2±13 years. The clinical features like trigeminal neuralgia, dimness of vision and papilloedema were commonly noted. Four lesions were supratentorial and 09 were infra-tentorial. In supratentorail tumors, two were in sylvian fissure, one in temporal, and one in lateral ventricular area. Among infratentorial, 6 were in cerebello-pontine angle and 3 were in midline fourth ventricular area. Histological findings showed epidermoid in 10 and dermoid in 03 cases. Postoperative complications noted were CSF leakage in 2 (15.4%) cases, seizures and facial palsy in 1 patient (7.7%) each. Two patients died during the study period due to post operative complications. Conclusion: Dermoid/epidermoid are tumors of 2nd and 3rd decade of life, midline are dermoid while laterally located are epidermoid tumors. Safe resection is the only treatment option available.
Cranial dermoid and epidermoid tumors; Objectives: To assess the surgical out come of patients with intracranial epidermoid / dermoid tumors. Material and Methods: This descriptive observational study was conducted in department of Neurosurgery, Lady Reading Hospital Peshawar from May 2003 to March 2007. Patient with radiologically diagnosed epidermoid / dermoid tumors based on CT and MRI findings were selected. Detailed history and clinical features along with radiological findings were documented. Operative and histopathological details were noted. Results: A total of 13 patients with dermoid / epidermoid tumor were analyzed. There were 8 males and 5 females with age ranged for 4 to 48 years with mean age of 30.2+13 years. The clinical features like trigeminal neuralgia, dimness of vision and papilloedema were commonly noted. Four lesions were supratentorial and 09 were infra-tentorial. In supratentorail tumors, two were in sylvian fissure, one in temporal, and one in lateral ventricular area. Among infratentorial, 6 were in cerebello-pontine angle and 3 were in midline fourth ventricular area. Histological findings showed epidermoid in 10 and dermoid in 03 cases. Postoperative complications noted were CSF leakage in 2 (15.4%) cases, seizures and facial palsy in 1 patient (7.7%) each. Two patients died during the study period due to post operative complications. Conclusion: Dermoid / epidermoid are tumors of 2nd and 3rd decade of life, midline are dermoid while laterally located are epidermoid tumors. Safe resection is the only treatment option available.
Bell's palsy: Combined treatment of famciclovir and prednisone is superior to prednisone alone; There is insufficient evidence concerning the efficacy of antiviral treatment of Bell's palsy (BP). We therefore compared the efficacy of prednisone and famciclovir to prednisone treatment alone in BP. A total of 167 consecutive patients with untreated acute BP were included. Severity of BP was evaluated using the House-Brackmann scale (HBS) and virus antibody tests (herpes simplex virus, varicella zoster virus) were performed. Patients admitted on even dates were treated with prednisone ("P group") and patients admitted on odd dates were treated with prednisone and famciclovir ("P+F group"). 117 patients completed the follow-up after 3 months or later (67 P/51 P+F). While most patients showed at least partial recovery with both treatment types, improvement of at least 4 grades in the HBS was more common in the "P+F group" (29.4 % vs. 11.9 %), whereas smaller changes of less than 3 grades were more common in the "P group" (29.9 % vs. 17.6 %; Chi-square test, p = 0.02). Patients with complete BP (HBS grade of 5 or 6) had significantly better chances of reaching normal function if treated with famciclovir additionally instead with prednisone alone (73.7 % vs. 47.1 %; Cochran-Armitage trend test, p = 0.03). These results suggest that the combined treatment of famciclovir and prednisolone should be considered (at least) in patients with severe BP. © 2008 Springer.
Bell's palsy; INTRODUCTION: Bell's palsy is characterised by an acute, unilateral, partial or complete paralysis of the face, which may occur with mild pain, numbness, increased sensitivity to sound, and altered taste. Bell's palsy remains idiopathic, but a proportion may be caused by reactivation of herpes viruses from cranial nerve ganglia. Bell's palsy is most common in people aged 15-40 years, affecting 1 in 60 in their lifetime. Most make a spontaneous recovery within 1 month, but up to 30% have delayed or incomplete recovery.
Leonard Barend Willem Jongkees, editor-in-chief of the Dutch Journal of Medicine 1971-1982; Leonard Barend Willem Jongkees (1912-2002) specialised in otorhinolaryngology and was appointed professor of otorhinolaryngology at the University of Amsterdam in 1950. He published over 400 papers and gained international fame with his research on equilibrium disorders, facial nerve paralysis, and deafness. In 1971 he became editor-in-chief of the Nederlands Tijdschrift voor Geneeskunde (Dutch Journal of Medicine). He objected to the increasing attention for social issues such as abortion, contraception, and euthanasia during the 1970s, which in his opinion did not belong to the medical domain. Nevertheless, he organised an important round-table conference on euthanasia in 1980 under the auspices of the editorial board of the Journal.
Static facial reanimation for elderly patients; Introduction: The purpose of this study was to present static facial reanimation procedure that were performed for the patients with permenant unilateral facial paralysis and to comment on the indications and long term results of this treatment modality. Materials and Method: The patients who have permenant peripheral facial paralysis due to total parotidectomy with radical neck dissection were included in the study. The treatment of choice for all patients was facial suspension with autologous fascia lata and gold-weight implant to upper eyelid. The oral and ocular sphincteric functions and symmetry of the face were evaluated postoperatively. Results: Patients were followed up between 6-52 (average: 35.16) months. The comers of the mouth were at the same level in all patients while all of them could close their eyes at the last visit. Conclusion: Static facial reanimation is an effective treatment option with minimal morbidity for the patients with permenant peripheral facial paralysis that could not be treated by dynamic surgical procedures or for those who are not suitable candidates for dynamic procedures.
"All that palsies is not Bell's [1]"-The need to define Bell's palsy as an adverse event following immunization; Bell's palsy has been reported as an adverse event following immunization (AEFI). Review of the published literature reveals that several characteristics have been used to describe Bell's palsy, which differ significantly from author to author. Evidently, the definition of "Bell's palsy" remains controversial, and consensus between different medical subspecialties is urgently needed. The Brighton Collaboration has formed an international working group with representatives of neurology, otorhinolaryngology, pediatrics, electrophysiology, pharmacology, pharmaceutical and biotech industry as well as regulatory agencies to create a case definition of Bell's palsy as an AEFI. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Severe sleep-disordered breathing in a patient with Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome: Polysomnographic findings; Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere (BVVL) syndrome is a rare disorder with clinical features that include progressive bilateral sensorineural deafness and a variety of cranial nerve impairments. Respiratory compromise has been observed in most familial and sporadic cases; however, few studies have been published regarding sleep-disordered breathing in this syndrome. We report the unique case of a 16-year-old girl with the clinical features of BVVL syndrome who presented with bilateral sensorineural hearing loss and then progressively developed paralysis of the 7th and 9th-12th cranial nerves. More importantly, she presented with the unusual feature of severe sleep-disordered breathing. A polysomnographic study showed evidence of dominant central sleep apnea, and the majority of apneic episodes more likely occurred in stage 2 during NREM sleep. The central sleep apnea was associated with rapid respiratory deterioration and death. This report raises the fact that a patient with BVVL syndrome may present with severe sleep-disordered breathing as a life-threatening condition, which emphasizes the need for greater attention to the early detection of potential sleep-disordered breathing in these afflicted with the BVVL syndrome for optimal clinical management. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A follow up study of spastic diplegia in Shiga Prefecture - Ambulatory function and career course after school age; This study investigated the changes in ambulatory function in individuals with spastic diplegia from 6 (the age at which children start going to elementary school in Japan) to 18 years of age (the age at which children leave high school) in Shiga Prefecture. Sixty-two patients with spastic diplegia (19-28 years of age, born between 1977 and 1986) were studied. Ambulatory function at 18 years of age was compared with that at 6 years of age. Ambulatory ability tended to improve up to 9 years of age, and was maintained at its optimal level between the age of 9 and 11. In some patients, ambulatory function decreased thereafter. Of 62 patients, 43 (69%) attained unaided ambulation, and 48 (77%) could walk with or without the use of crutches by the age of 18. Those who could walk unaided at the age of 6 years (39 of 62;63%) maintained independent ambulation at the age of 18 years, although some complained of pain and/or fatigue. Employment at 18 years of age was limited to individuals who could walk with or without crutches. Of two wheelchair-bound patients, one went on to study at the university level and the other went on to a special school. When children with spastic diplegia reached age 18, their career course correlated with the degree of mental retardation. Individuals without mental retardation were employed or went on to higher education.
The third suture in MACS-lifting: making midface-lifting simple and safe; Background: The minimal access cranial suspension (MACS)-lift is a short scar rhytidectomy with vertical purse string suture suspension of the facial tissues. It exists in a simple and extended version. The simple MACS-lift achieves a vertical lifting of neck and lower half of the face with two purse string sutures. The action of a third, malar suture gives additional correction of the middle third of the face, and results in the extended MACS-lift. Objective: To draw attention to the power and advantages of the 'third' malar suture in the extended MACS-lift in achieving volumetric restoration of the midface, softening of the nasolabial fold and enhancing support of the lower eyelid. Methods: The core principle of this technique is the use of strong purse string sutures in a pure antigravitational direction for correction of the ageing neck and lower two-thirds of the face. In a simple MACS-lift the neck is corrected by a first narrow vertical purse-string suture. The volume of jowls and cheeks is repositioned in a cranial direction with a second, slightly oblique purse string suture. To achieve better control over the midface an extended MACS-lift is performed by adding a third malar vertical purse string suture between the paracanthal area and the malar fat pad. Results: 557 MACS-lift procedures have been performed by the two senior authors, of which 183 were simple and 374 extended. A retrospective review of this technique revealed high patient satisfaction, only one major complication and a minor complication rate of 6%. Both versions of the technique deliver a vertical vector correction of sagged facial features. The third suture restores the volume of the midface and malar mound and provides strong support of the lower eyelid. Conclusions: The third suture in the MACS-lift short scar rhytidectomy produces a natural midface lifting through a short scar, with adequate softening of the nasolabial fold and good support of the lower eyelid. © 2007 British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons.
Significance of electromyography to predict and evaluate facial function outcome after acute peripheral facial palsy; The prognostic value of electromyography (EMG) and its significance to estimate facial function outcome after acute facial palsy is still unclear. We retrospectively analysed the EMG reports of 494 patients with acute facial palsy treated from 1995 to 2005 in a tertiary referral centre. Initial and final facial functions were assessed by the House-Brackmann (HB) scale. Serial EMG results were classified into neurapraxia, axonotmesis/neurotmesis, mixed lesion, complete recovery, defective healing, or not classifiable. Initial HB was II-IV in 321 patients and V-VI in 173 cases. The aetiology was idiopathic palsy in 294, iatrogenic lesion in 86, traumatic in 52, Herpes zoster in 37, and of various origin in 25 patients. EMG revealed neurapraxia in 300 patients, axonotmesis/neurotmesis in 95 patients, and mixed lesion in 23 cases. EMG was not meaningful in 76 patients. The follow-up time ranged from 0.3-264 months. Final EMG revealed a full recovery in 160 patients, whereas 219 patients showed signs of defective healing. In 155 patients, EMG was not significant to classify the final outcome. The predictive EMG value for poor outcome was 77-86% and for recovery 53%. The mean EMG recovery time was 2.3 months. Mean time for defective healing was 4.3 months. Final HB was normal (HB I) in 323 patients, HB II-IV in 115 patients, and V-VI in 46 patients. We conclude that EMG has a high predictive value for unfavourable outcome after acute facial palsy. EMG is more sensible to detect signs of defective healing than clinical evaluation of facial function. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Bell's palsy and pregnancy; Objective: To describe the epidemiology, pathophysiology, presentation, treatment, and prognosis of Bell's palsy (BP) in pregnancy. Results: The incidence of BP in pregnant women is not significantly greater than expected compared to all women of childbearing age. There is a high incidence of cases in the third trimester and corresponding low incidence during early pregnancy. Conclusion: There is no conclusive evidence that the etiology of BP in pregnancy is different than in nonpregnant patients. Altered susceptibility to herpes simplex viral reactivation during pregnancy is the most likely explanation for concentration of cases in the third trimester. Outcome may be poorer in pregnant patients, though historically, treatment is often withheld from these patients. Significance: Management of BP in pregnancy can mirror that of nonpregnant individuals with the exception of first-trimester cases. © 2007 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
Lung, bone, skeletal muscles and cutaneous metastases from adenoid cystic carcinoma of the parotid gland: A case report and review of the literature; Adenoid cystic carcinoma is the second most common malignancy of the major and minor salivary glands after mucoepidemoid carcinoma. The risk of distant metastases is approximately 20-50%. Although bone, the central nervous system and the other organs may become involved, the lungs are favored sites for metastases. Skeletal muscle and cutaneous metastases from adenoid cystic carcinoma of the parotid gland are extremely rare. In this case, a 40-year-old man with lung and bone metastases followed by skeletal muscle and cutaneous metastases from adenoid cystic carcinoma of the right parotid gland is presented. © Humana Press Inc. 2007.
Complications of acute mastoiditis in children; Objective. The incidence of complications resulting from acute otitis media has significantly decreased since the introduction of antibiotics. The use of antibiotics has lead to decrease in the complications of acute mastoiditis as well as the mortality of the disease. The purpose of the study was to review our experience in the diagnosis and treatment of complications of acute mastoiditis in children. Study design. Retrospective clinical study. Material and methods. We present a retrospective study of 70 children with extracranial and intracranial complications of acute mastoiditis who were treated in the period from 1968 to 2006 at Department of Otolaryngology, Medical University of Gdansk. Their treatment has been documented with long period of otologic follow-up. Results. Extracranial complications occurred in 41 (30,4%) of treated acute mastoiditis cases, and subperiostal abscess was the commonest one in 37 (90,2%) patients. Intracranial complications occurred in 29 (21,4%) of acute mastoiditis cases and facial paralysis was the commonest one in 14 (40,0%) cases, followed by sigmoid sinus thrombosis and perisinus abscess. Ear cultures grew in patients with otogenic complications, the most often Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus sp. and Pseudomonas aeruginosa were found. Mastoidectomy with myringotomy resolved the disease in 46 (65.7%) children, only myringotomy in 6 (8.6%) and canal wall down mastoidectomy in 18 (25.7%) children. Complete resolution was achieved in all cases. Conclusion. The persistent othorrea, otalgia and headache, prolonged high fever, neurological signs were the most common symptoms associated with the development of intracranial complications of acute mastoiditis in children. Computed tomography and MRI are necessary tools for diagnosis and surgery planning in every case of latent mastoiditis. Antibiotic treatment of acute mastoiditis does not prevent otogenic complications. Extracranial or intracranial complications of acute mastoiditis need surgical treatment and prolonged antibiotic therapy. The present study found evidence for decreased incidence of mastoiditis and their suppurative complications during last years. © 2007 by Polskie Towarzystwo Otorynolaryngologów - Chirurgów Głowy i Szyi.
Widerspread septic peripheral emboli from acute Enterococcus faecalis aortic valve endocarditis in a 39-year-old patient, drug addict; Enterococci have emerged in the last decades as a major cause of nosocomial or common infections and Enterococcus faecalis is responsable for 80% of all enterococcal infection. Actually, E. faecalis is the third-most-common cause of bacterial endocarditis overall and predisposing risk factors are the existence of a prosthetic valve, the age, or a previous endocarditis. Among the complications of infective endocarditis, systemic emboli are an ominous prognostic sign. Infective endocarditis still carries high morbidity and mortality rates for the patients requiring intensive care unit admission. The choice and optimal timing depend on many factors like the tolerance of the underlying cardiac disease. Indications for urgent surgical intervention are heart failure, systemic emboli, and uncontrolled sepsis despite a first adequate antibiotic therapy associating aminopenicilline and gentamicine. We report the case of a 39-year-old patient, drug-addict, admitted to the emergency department due a respiratory insuffiency, acute abdominal pain and left brachiofacial palsy and who presented a acute native aortic valve endocarditis with renal, splenic and cerebral emboli and required an urgent mechanical valvular prosthese implantation associating to a right colostomy. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Intralesional injections of Citoprot-P® (recombinant human epidermal growth factor) in advanced diabetic foot ulcers with risk of amputation; To investigate the efficacy and safety of recombinant human epidermal growth factor (rhEGF) in advanced diabetic foot ulcers (DFU) A double-blind trial was carried out to test two rhEGF dose levels in type 1 or 2 diabetes patients with Wagner's grade 3 or 4 ulcers, with high risk of amputation. Subjects were randomised to receive 75 (group I) or 25 μg (group II) rhEGF through intralesional injections, three times per week for 5-8 weeks together with standardised good wound care. Endpoints were granulation tissue formation, complete healing and need of amputation. Safety was assessed by clinical adverse events (AEs) and laboratory evaluations. Forty-one patients were included. After 5-8 weeks of treatment, 83% patients in the higher dose group and 61% in group II achieved useful granulation tissue covering more than 98% of the wound area. At long-term assessment, 13 (56.5%) patients healed in group I and 9 (50%) in group II. The mean time to complete healing in group I was 20.6 weeks (95% CI: 17.0-24.2) and 19.5 weeks (16.3-22.7) in group II. After 1-year follow-up, only one patient relapsed. Amputation was not necessary in 65% and 66.7% of groups I and II, respectively. The AEs rates were similar. The most frequent were sepsis (33%), burning sensation (29%), tremors, chills and local pain (25% each). rhEGF local injection enhances advanced DFU healing and reduces the risk of major amputation. No dose dependency was observed. © 2007 The Authors.
Myectomy and botulinum toxin for paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve: A series of 76 cases; BACKGROUND: Paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve is frequently seen in patients with oromandibular reconstructions or facial palsy. However, deformities caused by overpulling of the depressor muscles of the contralateral lower lip without being antagonized by the diseased counterpart is often quite conspicuous. Depressor myectomy of the contralateral lower lip therefore provides a method for correcting the dynamic deformity. METHODS: Seventy-six patients with paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve were treated with either surgical depressor myectomy of the lower lip (25 patients), depressor myectomy with subsequent botulinum toxin injection (eight patients), or only chemical depressor myectomy with botulinum toxin injections (43 patients). RESULTS: Good to fair results were always achieved, with near balance of the lower lip during mouth opening and in facial expressions. Surgical myectomy may still result in recurrence in eight patients (24 percent), which will necessitate further treatment with botulinum toxin injections. CONCLUSIONS: Using myectomy for paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve can be an effective treatment for this significant deformity. Chemical myectomy with botulinum toxin injection is a safe and convenient mode of treatment; however, the disadvantage is that it needs repeated injections and costs more. ©2007American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Development of an intraoral device for facial muscle retraining and its clinical application.; The aim of this work was to develop a facial neuromuscular retraining technique for cases of facial palsy, involving an easy-to use intraoral device that allows correcting abnormal neuromuscular patterns and improving esthetics. Facial palsy is a motor alteration of multiple origin that results in facial asymmetry. Treatment remains controversial to date and includes, surgical anastomosis and decompressive and plastic surgery, corticosteroids therapy, injection of botulinum toxin, and administration of other medicinal drugs. Physical therapy involving electrical stimulation and feedback are also used to retrain facial muscles. A removable thermopolymerized acrylic intraoral device with wrought wire clasps was developed and constructed. The device was used on a patient with facial palsy who was instructed to wear it 4 times a day during 20 minutes and perform exercises in front of the mirror, trying to coordinate the action of the device with the smile movement on the unaffected side of the face. Digital photographs of the patient were taken during smile movement and at rest with and without the device, and movements of the oral commissures were compared using specific software. Results showed anatomic and nonanatomic indices of facial motion for the lower part of the face with the device to be 1.77 and 0 respectively. The device improved facial symmetry during rest by opposing traction forces of the contralateral muscles, resulting in a better position of the filtrum during rest, and allowed the patient to exercise smile movements at home.
A method of selecting acupoints for acupuncture treatment of peripheral facial paralysis by thermography; The purpose of this study is to select acupoints for acupuncture treatment of peripheral facial paralysis according to the temperature on the face of the patient detected by thermogram, to determine an objective acupoint selection method for acupuncture treatment. In the test group of 60 cases of facial paralysis, the infrared thermogram on the face was detected at the first visit, and then acupuncture was given at the acupoints on the affected side with a temperature difference of over 0.5°C from the healthy side for one therapeutic course, and in each successive course the acupoints were re-determined according to the results of thermogram examination and were administrated till the end of the total therapeutic course, and 120 cases of the control group were treated with acupuncture at conventionally selected acupoints. The results showed that the cured and basically cured rate was 90.0% (54 cases) in the test group and 77.5% (93 cases) in the control group with a significant difference between the two groups (p < 0.05); and the total sessions of acupuncture were less and the course of treatment was shorter in the test group than those in the control group (both p < 0.001). The utilization rate of the acupoints selected by facial thermogram in the test group was in order of Dicang (ST 4, 92.3%), Yingxiang (LI 20, 90.6%), Taiyang (EX-HN 5, 85.5%), Yangbai (GB 14, 76.6%), Quanliao (SI 18, 72.3%), and so on. In conclusion, acupuncture at the acupoints selected by thermogram for treatment of facial paralysis in the cured rate, the therapeutic course and sessions of acupuncture is significantly superior to acupuncture at the conventionally selected acupoints, and the thermogram-aided acupoint selection method is beneficial to objectivity and modernization of acupoint selection for acupuncture and moxibustion treatments. © 2007 World Scientific Publishing Company: Institute for Advanced Research in Asian Science and Medicine.
Closed reduction, open reduction, and endoscopic assistance: Current thoughts on the management of mandibular condyle fractures; The management of fractures of the mandibular condyle continues to be controversial. This is in part attributable to a misinterpretation of the literature from decades prior, a lack of uniformity of classification of the various anatomical components of the mandibular condyle, and a perceived potential to cause harm through the open approach based in part on the surgeon's lack of a critical examination of the literature. This review explores the key historical articles that deal with the management of mandibular condyle fractures, and those modern-day contributions that represent the state of the art. The authors' intention was to provide the reader with an objective summary of the management of this form of injury, to place its management into a modern-day perspective, and perhaps to minimize the perception of controversy. ©2007American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Surgical management of pediatric brain tumors; Brain tumors are the most common cause of cancer-related death and the second most common form of cancer in pediatric patients. Many of these tumors are treated primarily with surgery, either alone or in combination with radiation or chemotherapy. Recent advances have lead to greater survival and decreased morbidities in childhood brain tumor patients. A full understanding of the biology and primary treatment modalities for the particular tumor are essential for any professional treating these patients, including the neurosurgeon. Each tumor type has features in common with, and unique from, other tumors that need to be understood prior to undertaking a rational treatment plan. This article summarizes some of these features. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd.
Correlation between MRI and operative findings in Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Purpose: To investigate the correlation between gadolinium enhanced magnetic resonance image (MRI) results and surgical findings of facial nerves in Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Materials and Methods: From 1995 to 2004, MRI was performed on 13 patients with Bell's palsy or Ramsay Hunt syndrome, who were offered with surgical decompression of the facial nerve through the middle cranial fossa approach Gadolinium enhanced MRI was performed on all patients and the enhancement of the facial nerve was evaluated by radiology specialists. Operative findings including the degree of the ficial nerve segment swelling were examined. Furthermore, the time interval from the onset of palsy to surgery was evaluated. Resulls: Swelling of facial nerve segments was found in patients with enhanced facial nerves from MRI. The swelling of the facial nerve in the labyrinthine segment in particular was identified in all patients with enhanced labyrinthine segments in MRI. The intraoperative swelling of geniculate ganglion of facial nerve was found in 78% of patients with enhanced facial segment in MRI (p=0.01). The intraoperative swelling of tympanic segment was observed from fourth to ninth weeks after the onset of palsy. Conclusion: MRI enhancement of facial nerves in Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome is associated with the extent of intratemporal lesions of facial nerves, especially in the labyrinthine segment.
A pilot study of delayed versus immediate serial casting after botulinum toxin injection for partially reducible spastic equinus; BACKGROUND: Serial casting is often prescribed after botulinum toxin injections to improve joint ranges of motion and to potentiate the decrease in hypertonia. The aim of this study was to compare delayed versus immediate serial casting as an adjunct to botulinum toxin therapy for partially reducible spastic equinus. METHODS: Twelve children who presented spastic equinus associated with mild gastrosoleus contracture took part. Five of them had a diagnosis of spastic diplegia, whereas 7 had a diagnosis of congenital hemiplegia. Children were randomized to immediate serial casting (same day) or delayed serial casting (4 weeks later) after botulinum toxin injection to their gastrosolei. Casts were replaced weekly for 3 weeks. RESULTS: Three children complained of pain that required recasting in the immediate casting group versus none in the delayed casting group (P = 0.08). At 3 months, there was a 27-degree improvement in the fast dorsiflexion angle (Tardieu R1) in the delayed casting group versus 17 degrees in the immediate casting group (P = 0.029). At 6 months, a 19-degree improvement persisted in the delayed group compared with 11 degrees in the immediate group (P = 0.010). CONCLUSIONS: There is a clear benefit in delaying serial casting after the injection of botulinum toxin in the recurrence of spasticity at the gastrosoleus that may also offer an advantage regarding the incidence of painful episodes associated with casting. Most importantly, reducing the recurrence of spasticity by delayed serial casting may offer the possibility of decreasing the frequency of botulinum toxin reinjections. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level II. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Complications of otitis media in children in the era of antibioticotherapy; Otogenic complications in children occur most commonly secondarily to acute otitis media. Intratemporal complications are predominant and mastoiditis is most frequently seen. Meningitis in the course of acute otitis media is the most common intracranial complication. Complications of chronic otitis media are rare today, but can be more difficult to diagnose, because antibiotics may mask symptoms and change clinical presentation. Antibiotic use, however, has not completely eradicated the otogenic complications and ENT doctors should remember about this possibility. © 2007 by Polskie Towarzystwo Otorynolaryngologów - Chirurgów Głowy i Szyi.
The results of surgical treatment of the facial nerve paralysis; Paralysis of the facial nerve reveales some symptoms which are very unfavourable for esthetic point of view (deformity of the face with incompetence of the palpebal function). It is recognized as the one of the most invalidity for humane life. There are many surgical techniques to reconstructive facial nerve such as: decompression, end to end or side to end anastomosis with hypoglosal, glosopharyngeal, axesorius or mandibular nerves. Reconstruction technique depends upon the extent of injury, the availability of the proximal stump and time since injury and duration of muscle denervation. In the presence of facial paralysis electrodiagnostic tests should be performed before surgery and every 3 mounts after, during rehabilitation, which play also the most important role in recovery. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The authors present the outcome of the surgical treatment of the facial nerve paresis in 31 patients cured in the Silesian Department of Laryngology in Katowice from 1991 to 2002. The reasons of the paresis were otitis media with cholesteatoma and granuloma in 18 cases, head trauma in 2 patients and iatrogenic impairment after ear operations in 11 cases. The decompression of the facial nerve was done in 20 patients, anastomosis end to end in 3, crossover anastomoses between the facial nerve and the hypoglossal nerve was done in 1 case, and transplantation of auricular major nerve in 7 cases. RESULTS: The outcome was good in 20 patients (64.5%), satisfactory in 10 patients (32.3%) and non satisfactory in one case (3.2%). CONCLUSION: In our material the most of cases was caused by otitis media with cholesteatoma. The best outcome was obtained after decompression of the facial nerve. The rehabilitation before and after surgery play the very important role in the recovery.
Fine-tuning glycemic control using computerized downloading software: A case-based approach; Diabetes self-management is not always the simplest of tasks. Patients with diabetes do not have a functioning pancreas. They rely on their knowledge to guide them through the complex decisions that must be made continually. Glycemic variability is not always a result of patient noncompliance. In fact, most patients are attempting to maintain normal glycemia. Imagine the frustrations that our patients feel when they do not understand why their blood glucose levels vary so greatly, even if they eat the same foods and participate in the same type of physical activities each day. As physicians, we should provide our patients with the best opportunities, tools, and technologies available to minimize their exposure to glycemic variability, oxidative stress, and long-term diabetes-related complications. SBGM is an essential component in diabetes care. Incorporating computerized software into our practices so that we are able to fine-tune our prescribed treatments is an inexpensive and efficient way to improve the quality of our patients' lives. © 2007 Elsevier Inc.
Acupuncture for Bell's palsy; Background: Bell's palsy or idiopathic facial palsy is an acute facial paralysis due to inflammation of the facial nerve. A number of studies published in China have suggested acupuncture is beneficial for facial palsy. Objectives: The objective of this review was to examine the efficacy of acupuncture in hastening recovery and reducing long-term morbidity from Bell's palsy. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Trials Register, MEDLINE (January 1966 to April 2006), EMBASE (January 1980 to April 2006), LILACS (from January 1982 to April 2006) and the Chinese Biomedical Retrieval System (January 1978 to April 2006) for randomised controlled trials using 'Bell's palsy' and its synonyms, 'idiopathic facial paralysis' or 'facial palsy' as well as search terms including 'acupuncture'. Chinese journals in which we thought we might find randomised controlled trials or controlled clinical trials relevant to our study were handsearched. We reviewed the bibliographies of the randomised trials and contacted the authors and known experts in the field to identify additional published or unpublished data. Selection criteria: We included all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials involving acupuncture in the treatment of Bell's palsy irrespective of any language restrictions. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors identified potential articles from the literature search and extracted data independently using a data extraction form. The assessment of methodological quality included allocation concealment, patient blinding, differences at baseline of the experimental groups and completeness of follow-up. Two review authors assessed quality independently. All disagreements were resolved by discussion between the review authors. Main results: Six studies including a total of 537 participants met the inclusion criteria. Five of them used acupuncture while another one used acupuncture combined with drugs. No trials reported on the outcomes specified for this review. Harmful side effects were not reported in any of the trials. Flaws in study design or reporting (particularly uncertain allocation concealment and substantial loss to follow-up) and clinical differences between trials prevented conclusions about the efficacy of acupuncture. Authors' conclusions: The quality of the included trials was inadequate to allow any conclusion about the efficacy of acupuncture. More research with high quality trials is needed. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Vaccines for preventing typhoid fever; Background: Two typhoid vaccines are commercially available, Ty21a (oral) and Vi polysaccharide (parenteral), but neither is used routinely. Other vaccines, such as a new modified, conjugated Vi vaccine called Vi-rEPA, are in development. Objectives: To evaluate vaccines for preventing typhoid fever. Search strategy: In December 2006, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library 2006, Issue 3), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and mRCT. We also searched relevant conference proceedings up to 2004 and scanned the reference lists of all included trials. Selection criteria: Randomized and quasi-randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing typhoid fever vaccines with other typhoid fever vaccines or an inactive agent (placebo or vaccine for a different disease). Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently applied inclusion criteria and extracted data. We computed vaccine efficacy per year of follow up and cumulative three-year efficacy, stratifying for vaccine type and dose. We calculated relative risks (RR) and efficacy (1-RR as a percentage) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results: Of the 17 included RCTs, 10 evaluated efficacy (Ty21a: 5 trials; Vi polysaccharide: 4 trials, Vi-rEPA: 1 trial), and 11 reported on adverse events. Ty21a vaccine (3 doses). According to one trial (20,543 participants), this vaccine provided statistically significant protection in each of the first three years (one: 35%, 95% CI 8% to 54%; two: 58%, 95% CI 40% to 71%; three: 46%, 95% CI -6% to 72%), and the cumulative efficacy for 2.5 to 3 years was 48% (95% CI 34% to 58%). Four cluster-RCTs that did not adjust for clustering were not included in the meta-analyses. Compared with placebo, this vaccine was not associated with an increased rate of fever, vomiting, diarrhoea, nausea or abdominal pain, headache, or rash. Vi polysaccharide vaccine (1 dose). This vaccine provided protection in year one (68%, 95% CI 50% to 80%; 99,979 participants, 3 trials) and year two (60%, 95% CI 31% to 76%; 142,555 participants, 2 trials), but not in year three (11,384 participants, 1 trial). The three-year cumulative efficacy was 55% (95% CI 30% to 70%; 11,384 participants, 1 trial). Compared with placebo, there was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of fever or erythema, but local swelling was more common with the vaccine. Vi-rEPA vaccine (2 doses). In one trial of 12,008 participants, this vaccine provided protection in year one (94%, 95% CI 75% to 99%) and year two (87%, 95% CI 56% to 96%). Cumulative efficacy at 46 months (3.8 years) was 89% (95% CI 76% to 97%). No swelling or erythema occurred in the vaccine or placebo group; fever was more frequent in the vaccine group. Authors' conclusions: The licensed Ty21a and Vi polysaccharide vaccines are efficacious. The new and unlicensed Vi-rEPA vaccine is as efficacious and may confer longer immunity. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Facial nerve I: Embryology, anatomy, examination and location; The facial palsy (FP) is the most frequent cranial neuropathy. FP not only disturb eating or drinking, it's an important social problem, because our face is one of the most important elements in social communication. Although the most frequent etiology of facial palsy is a frigore o idiopathic, the FC could be the expression or consequences of several diseases that have an specific treatment. In this article we analyze FP from embryological, anatomical and semiological point of view.
Ear-nose-throat manifestations in inflammatory bowel diseases; Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) refer to a group of chronic inflammatory disorders involving the gastrointestinal tract and are typically divided into two major disorders: Crohn's disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC). CD is characterized by noncontiguous chronic inflammation, often transmural with noncaseating granuloma formation. It can involve any portion of the alimentary tract and CD inflammation has often been described in the nose, mouth, larynx and esophagus in addition to the more common small bowel and colon sites. UC differ from CD in that it is characterized by contiguous chronic inflammation without transmural involvement, but extraintestinal manifestations of UC have also been described. During the last few years many authors have reported serious complications of IBD manifesting in the ear-nose-throat (ENT) and influencing disease morbidity. The present article reviews the most important ENT manifestations in IBD patients.
Buccal cavity hemineglect syndrome; Background and purpose: Hemineglect is a group of behavioural sysmptoms in a person with right hemispheric (mostly vascular) lesion. The aim of the study was to determine whether there are, besides other hemineglect syndrome symptoms, signs of buccal hemineglect syndrome in patients with right hemispheric stroke lesion. Material and methods: The reference population comprised 20 patients (12 female and 8 male), aged 51-78 years after fight hemispheric stroke. Control group consisted of 20 age anal sex matched people after left hemispheric stroke. They had no speech disturbances in a degree making verbal contact or fulfilling protocol specific tests impossible. Patients with multiple stroke history, pseudobulbar syndrome, buccofacial apraxia, mental impairment, dementia and severe facial nerve paresis were excluded. All patients were examined after the acute phase of stroke. Motor deficit was assessed using neurological examination and was based on National Institute of Health Stroke Scale. Evaluation of spatial hemineglect was done using visual, motor tests and perception tests (reading, writing and body image tests). Anosognosia was assessed using specially selected test procedures. Evaluating buccal hemineglect we performed: chewing and swallowing organs examination with extinction assessment, exploration of taste, exploration of swallowing to check for dribbling, choking, stasis of the saliva or food in a mouth cavity. Results: Buccal hemineglect was usually concomitant with other hemineglect symptoms resulting from the lesion of the right hemisphere. Clinical signs associated with this condition consisted of: impaired swallowing (food retention, food debris in the left side of buccal cavity, drooling from the left angle of the mouth and choking), taste and sensory disturbances in the left hemibuccal space. These disturbances were incorrectly diagnosed initially. Conclusions: Buccal hemineglect is frequent phenomenon in subjects with other hemineglect syndrome symptoms. Proper rehabilitation can reduce the number of complications and greatly improve the neglected functions. © Aktualn Neurol 2007.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome misdiagnosed as recurrent Quincke's oedema; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is characterized by cheilitis granulomatosa, congenital plicated tongue and recurrent peripheral facial nerve palsy. Differential diagnosis of MRS includes Quincke's oedema, allergic and toxic contact facial dermatitis, recurrent viral (Herpes simplex mostly) or bacterial infections as well as neoplasms. We present the case of a 32-year old woman who for 3 years experienced periodically subsiding painless oedema of the face and both lips. Lesions were diagnosed as recurrent Quincke's oedema and were treated with antihistamine agents and glucocorticoids with a slight improvement. Allergic history, skin prick tests and patch tests were negative. The patient linked every intensification of the symptoms with an outbreak of labial herpes infection. Six years ago, the patient experienced left-sided transient facial and radial nerve palsy. At admission clinical examination showed labial herpes, oedema of upper and lower lip and plicated tongue. Based on the case history and clinical picture MRS was diagnosed and recurrent Herpes simplex infections were considered as an exacerbating factor. The presented case of MRS, incorrectly treated for many years as Quincke's oedema, demonstrates the necessity of complex management of the symptoms reported by the patient and reflects the diagnostic difficulties of this rare condition.
Pediatric parotidectomy. Indications and complications; Objectives: To evaluate the surgical results of pediatric parotid gland masses with specific attention to complications. Methods: A retrospectively review of medical records n = 21 aged one to 18 years who underwent parotidectomy at Doernbecher Children's Hospital, Portland, Oregon, USA from 1993 to 2003. The exclusion criteria were as follows; age above 18 years, incision and drainage of parotid abscess, biopsy of parotid lesions. Results: Twenty-one children who underwent parotidectomy were included in the study. Seventeen had superficial parotidectomy and 4 had total parotidectomy. One patient had bilateral separate superficial parotidectomy. Sixteen lesions were non-neoplastic. Facial nerve monitor was used in 10 patients. The most common lesions were atypical mycobacterium and first branchial cyst anomaly (5 each). Over all complication raw was 47.6%. The most common complication was temporary facial nerve palsy (33%) followed by ear lobule numbness and Frey's syndrome (14% each). Recurrence occurred in one patient with polycystic disease of the parotid. Duration of follow-up ranged from 3 months to more than 7 years. Conclusion: Parotidectomy in children can present some difficulties for the otolaryngologist. The mutilating complication of facial nerve palsy in childhood can be devastating especially for benign diseases. Parotid surgery in children should be limited to units with appropriate expertise in this challenging field.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension. Atypical presentation; Objectives: To describe the clinical features of 5 patients with rare atypical presentation of idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), and propose the possible mechanism of this atypical presentation. Methods: We carried out a retrospective study of 5 patients admitted at King Khalid National Guard Hospital, Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with IIH during the period from January 2001 to December 2005. All were females with their age ranges from 24 to 40 years. The clinical presentations, and the laboratory and imaging studies were analyzed. The opening pressures of the lumbar puncture tests were documented. Results: All patients were presented with headache. One had typical pain of trigeminal neuralgia, and one with neck pain and radiculopathy. Facial diplegia was present in one patient, and 2 patients had bilateral 6th cranial neuropathy. Papilledema was present in all patients except in one patient. Imaging study was normal in all patients, and they had a very high opening pressure during lumbar puncture, except in one patient. All patients achieved full recovery with medical therapy in 6 to 12 weeks with no relapse during the mean follow up of 2 years. Conclusions: Atypical findings in IIH are rare and require a high index of suspicion for early diagnosis.
Facial palsy; Facial palsy represents apparently a trivial mononeuropathy, which is considered to be identical with Bell's palsy, the idiopathic facial palsy. It is ordinarily a manifestation of nuclear impairment or direct lesion of the facial nerve, a mononeuropathy, of an infectious or inflammatory origin. A relation between minimally 50 % peripheral facial palsies with herpes simplex virus 1, varicella zoster virus and bacterial infections, particularly borrelias and mycoplasmas, has been proved. Central and nuclear palsies are described with regard to complicated and underestimated differential diagnostics. The basic data on the heterogeneous entity of diseases associated with impairments of the intermediofacial nerve concerning infectious, demyelinating diseases, vascular, metabolic and degenerative diseases, tumors and injuries, are given. Data on epidemiology, etiology and diagnostic methods: laboratory, electrophysiological, neuroimaging, serological-immunological, and molecular-biological are presented. A survey of therapeutic procedures based on the use of anti-herpetic drugs, antibiotics, corticosteroids, symptomatic drugs and rehabilitation summarizes discrepant opinions of the effectiveness of therapy/management and clinical trials, which prevailingly do not meet the requirements of the evidence-based medicine.
Electrophysiological examination of the facial nerve; Electrophysiological examination is used to test the motor fibres of the facial nerve and forms part of the diagnostic algorithm for its acute and chronic lesion. The basic test battery consists of direct electrical stimulation, blink reflex, needle EMG and magnetic stimulation. Comprehensive evaluation of the obtained data is necessary to localise the lesions in the peripheral and/or central part of the motor pathways. The examination is important for differential diagnostics of the etiology of the nervous lesion and for a more precise prognosis of the trend in the facial nerve paresis depending on the severity of affection of the nerve. In the case of a chronic lesion, i.e. facial hemispasm, the examination objectivises the paroxysms of involuntary, clonic and synchronous twitches of facial muscles. The tests provide the necessary information for the indication of conservative (rehabilitation) or surgical treatment both at the acute stage and during subsequent conservative therapy.
Primary cholesteatoma of the middle ear and petrosal bone; Petrosal cholesteatomas are rare lesions, which may be primary or acquired in nature. We report a case of primary cholesteatoma in petrous bone occurring in 51-year old woman who presented with a unilateral facial nerve palsy and conductive hearing loss, despite normal tympanic membrane appearance. Early diagnosis was facilitated by computed tomography scanning and magnetic resonance imaging. Complete cholesteatoma removal was accomplished using a transtemporal supralabyrinthine approach, which allowed hearing preservation. Facial nerve function is the main complication of these lesion. We suggest that use of CT scanning and MRI in unilateral conductive hearing loss may allow the earlier detection of the most cases of petrosal cholesteatomas. © 2007 by Polskie Towarzystwo Otorynolaryngologów - Chirurgów Głowy i Szyi.
Clinical forms of neuroborreliosis among hospitalized patients in the years 2000-2005; The aim of the study. To evaluate the frequency of clinical forms as well as laboratory and neuroimaging results of patients with diagnosed neuroborreliosis in the years 2000-2005 due to neuroborreliosis Material and methods. The records of 125 patients at the age of 21-83 (mean 49 years) treated in the years 2000-2005 in the Department of Infectious Diseases and Neuroinfections, Medical University, Bialystok were subject to retrospective analysis. Diagnosis was based on case history along with a clinical picture and presence of antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi, using ELISA test (Borrelia IgM and Borrelia IgG recombinant Biomedica). The subject of the detailed analysis was demographic data, clinical symptoms as well as subjective complaints, results of neurological examinations, the results of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) parameters and results of serologic tests. Results. The most frequent clinical symptoms observed were: headaches 71%, vertigo 44%, meningeal symptoms 22% and neurological paresis 27% (including facial palsy-23%). Inflammatory changes in CSF in the form of increased proteins concentration and pleocytosis were present among 34% of patients. In all cases the antibodies against B. burgdorferi were present in CSF in diagnostically significant titer. Serum presence of antibodies antiborrelia IgM was found with 55% of patients and anibodies antiborrelia IgG with 76% of patients. 17% of patients suffering from neuroborreliosis were also coinfected with tick-borne encephalitis virus. Along with the neurological symptoms, which were crucial to diagnosis, general symptoms coexisted, such as: weakness 35%, arthralgia 54% and nausea 17%. In the analyzed period of time neuroborreliosis was diagnosed in a 13% of hospitalized patient suffering from borreliosis. Conclusions. Absence of erythema migrans does not exclude existence of neuroborreliosis. Symptoms that may suggest presence of neuroborreliosis are not only neurological symptoms such as facial palsy, but also memory and concentration disorders and general symptoms.
Congenital cranial dysinnervation disorders; Congenital cranial dysinnervation disorders (CCDDs) are responsible for 1-2% of infant strabismus cases. Insufficient innervation and misinnervation of aberrant nerve fibres lead to motility restrictions and synkinesis. We present the most common CCDDs and explain their pathogenesis and the resulting clinical features. Furthermore, we emphasize essential diagnostic steps and treatment aspects. © 2007 Springer Medizin Verlag.
[Otologic manifestations of Wegener's granulomatosis].; To evaluate the clinical features, pathologic diagnosis and laboratory test of otologic manifestation in Wegener's granulomatosis (WG). Fourteen eases of WG with ear involvement were reviewed. The clinical course, method of treatment and outcomes in all cases were evaluated. Diagnosis of WG was made when the patients had clinical findings, clear histologic findings and a positive titer of antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (ANCA). RESULTS In all 14 cases, the most frequent finding was chronic otitis media Sensorineural hearing loss was present in 1 case and facial nerve paralysis was present in 2 cases separately. There were 5 patients whose otologic manifestations were the primary involvement of WG. Fourteen cases had positive histologic diagnosis of WC while 13 cases were confirmed positive for ANCA. All patients were treated with glucocorticoids, immunosuppressive drugs, and finally got marked improvement. WG should he included in the differential diagnosis in cases of atypical inflammatory states of the ear, facial nerve paralysis and sensorineural hearing loss. Early diagnosis was made basing on the histologic findings and a positive titer of ANCA. Appropriate treatment were important to improve the otologic manifestations of WG.
Laser stapedotomy - The up-to-date solution of otosclerotic stapes fixation; Development of surgical treatment of otosclerotic stapes fixation has been one of the success stories of otology for the past five decades. Nowadays not only stapedectomy and partial stapedectomy, but stapedotomy can also be considered a well established otological procedure. Aim: To introduce this minimally invasive surgical technique into the Hungarian otolaryngology practice, to gain useful experiences, and to analize the hearing improvements and postoperative complications. Methods: The authors give account of their first clinical experiences with 14 patients with KTP laser assisted stapedotomies using the self-crimping Nitinol piston. A total of 14 patients (11 females, 3 males) who have undergone the procedure between March 2006 and April 2007 were reviewed. The average age of the patients was 42,2 years, 6 procedures were carried out on left ears and 8 on right ones. The average length of follow-up was 9 months (ranged from 6 weeks to 1 year). Results: Pure tone audiograms documented a hearing threshold improvement of 21,5 dB averaged across 0,5-1-2-3 kHz frequencies. The air-bone gap improvement averaged on the same frequencies was 18,7 dB. After an average 9 months postoperative follow-up period, the average air-bone gap was < 10 dB in 85% of the patients, however, < 20 dB in 100% of the patients. As for the average air conduction result: it was < 30 dB in each patient exept for one. In this series, neither facial nerve paresis nor high frequency deterioration of the bone conduction thresholds was reported in the postoperative follow-up period. Conclusions: Based on the authors' favourable experiences and the review of the literature, KTP laser assisted stapedotomy with the use of Nitinol piston has several advantages: 1) the laser-activated memory effect of the piston prevents the disadvantages of the crimping manouvre made around the long process of the incus; 2) vertigo, experienced in the early postoperative periode is milder and takes shorter time, reducing the length of hospitalisation; 3) the procedure is cost-effective and minimally invasive; 4) application of KTP laser assures bloodless operating field and minimal cochlear trauma; 5) migration of the prosthesis can be prevented, the degree of the surrounding granulation is less; 6) high frequency hearing improvement can be achieved in the long run; 7) the frequency and seriousness of complications is less, therefore this technique can be reccommended for unexperienced ear surgeons, too; 8) the procedure can be used in difficult situations, too, e.g.: in the presence of stapedial artery, obliterative otosclerosis, flooring footplate, abnormal position of the facial nerve in the middle ear, revision cases; 9) the interindividual differences of hearing results are much less. Based on their favourable initial experiences, the authors plan to conduct a long-term follow-up on greater number of patients.
Cochlear implantation safety and reliability in paediatric cases; The objectives were to assess device failure cases, as well as the early postoperative, late postoperative and medical complications occurring after paediatric cochlear implantation, and to discuss the causes and treatments associated with cochlear implant reliability and management. A retrospective study of 272 consecutive cochlear implantations and 21 cochlear re-implantations was carried out in a tertiary referral centre. All children, implanted between 1989 and September 2005, were studied and all complications and their associated treatments were systematically reviewed with a maximum follow-up of 16 years. The risk of complication was compared to age at time of implantation. Numbers of re-implantations were calculated relative to follow-up times to determine the cochlear implant survival rate. Finally, percentage of electrode deactivation was evaluated according to the implant length. The overall rate of complications was 16.91% (46/272). The rate of cochlear re-implantation was 7.72% (21/272), the risk of device failure or performance decrement was 7.36% (20/272) and the risk of severe infection (eventually requiring explantation of the internal device) was 1.10% (3/272). Revision surgery without cochlear re-implantation was performed in 2.94% of the cases. Fifty per cent of re-implantations took place before three years of implant use and 80% of the re-implantations occurred before the fourth year of implant use. The percentage of electrode deactivations increased after the sixth year following implantation. Complication rates were similar regardless of age at implantation. Cochlear implantation remains a safe surgical technique with device failure representing the most common complication. Pain, facial stimulation and head traumas are more frequently noticed in children than adults. Conversely, vertigo and tinnitus are less frequent in children than adults. Long-term follow-up of cochlear implant patient populations allows detection of device failures and electrode deactivations. © 2007 Taylor & Francis.
Partial parotidectomy - Alternative method in surgical management of parotid gland Warthin tumours; 82 patients with lymphadenoma of parotid gland treated with surgery in Department of Oncological Surgery Cancer Center, Gliwice in the period of 1986-2004 were retrospectively analyzed. They were about 22% of all patients with parotid gland tumors operated in that period. In almost 70% of cases partial parotidectomy with facial nerve preservation was performed as a treatment of choice. In that group DFS was over 95%. Local recurrence occurred in less then 5%, only in cases with multiple tumor in histopathological examinations. Quality of life parameters were also analyzed. In the analysis complications rate increased with the extension of surgical treatment. It revealed in the postoperative cosmetic defect evaluation. Partial resection of the parotid gland could be useful method of surgical treatment of lymphadenoma selected cases. It allows to achieve the same results as classic parotidectomy with lower risk of significant complications. In analyzed group the local recurrence was always combined with multilesional growth of the tumor. © 2007 by Polskie Towarzystwo Otorynolaryngologów - Chirurgów Głowy i Szyi.
Immunocompetent children account for the majority of complications in childhood herpes zoster; In a 2-year-long active surveillance conducted in all German pediatric hospitals, the incidence of hospitalization because of herpes zoster and the clinical picture of complications in children were assessed. Herpes zoster resulted in hospitalization of 244 children, 78 of whom were considered to be immunocompromised. Zoster ophthalmicus (n = 29), meningoencephalitis (n = 22), and zoster oticus (n = 23) (11 cases had Ramsay Hunt syndrome) accounted for 59% of all complications (n = 115). The incidence of hospitalization suggests that at least 1 in every 100 children with herpes zoster is hospitalized and that at least 1 in every 250 immunocompetent children with herpes zoster is hospitalized with complications. © 2007 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America.
Neurological manifestation of HIV infection in Nigerians; Nervous system complications commonly accompany HIV infection and are associated with significant morbidity and mortality. HIV incidence has been progressively increasing in Nigeria, yet the neurological manifestations of the disease have not been systematically studied in Nigerians. This study aimed to describe the nature and frequency of neurological manifestations associated with HIV infection in a sample of 202 Nigerians. This was a prospective study of patients with documented HIV infection who attended a referral centre clinic in Abuja in 2003. A personal history, general and neurological examinations, and other relevant medical investigations were carried out for all subjects. A mini mental-state exam was carried out with those willing to cooperate. In all, 89 patients (44%) were diagnosed with at least one neurological disorder. Herpes zoster and cognitive impairment were the most frequent, each present in 12.3% of the study group. Peripheral neuropathy and facial palsy were also present, in 10.4% and 3.9% of subjects, respectively. Brain mass lesions, seizure disorder, cryptococcal meningitis, cord compression syndrome, and trigeminal neuralgia were also documented. There was no significant difference demographically between subjects with or without neurological impairment. Future studies in this area should utilise nerve conduction studies and more detailed testing of cognitive function to further characterise the neurological manifestations of HIV infection. Copyright © NISC Pty Ltd.
Necrotizing otitis externa in a 5-month-old infant; This report presents the case of a healed 5-month-old infant with necrotising (malignant) bilateral otitis externa from acute mastoiditis on the right side and sepsis caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection. Despite of immediately performed mastoidectomy, targeted antibiotics and intensive local treatment, two third of both external auditory canal's epithelium had shown subcutaneous concentric necrosis and ejection which have been removed with repeated necrectomies. After the remission of inflammatory symptoms, successful bilateral auditory canal reconstructions were performed. The observed right peripheral facial paresis at the beginning of disease remained stationary. The patient healed with residual symptoms after 2 months of treatment. Neither immune deficiency, nor diabetes could have been proven.
Lagophthalmic keratopathy; Exposure keratopathy is a non-infectious keratitis which follows any pathological process that limits eyelid closure, thus leaving the cornea unprotected during blinking or during sleep. Lagophthalmos is most frequently determined by peripheral facial nerve palsy and by exophthalmos/proptosis. The therapeutical approach includes both etiological and symptomatic treatment, as well as the treatment of corneal lesions, an attitude often associated with a good functional prognosis.
Unexpected exit of a cochlear implant electrode through the wall of the basal turn of the cochlea - A report on two patients; We describe the unusual complication of the cochlear implant electrode eroding through the lateral bony wall of the cochlear basal turn in 2 different patients. This complication, occurring during life, has not been previously described in the literature. Radiological investigations were vital in making this diagnosis. We also discuss the likely pathophysiology behind this complication. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Co-infection with Mycoplasma pneumoniae and cytomegalovirus resulting in an acute demyelinating polyneuropathy in a pediatric patient; A co-infection with Mycoplasma pneumoniae and cytomegalovirus (CMV) resulting in an acute demyelinating polyneuropathy is reported in an immunocompetent girl. Two months following a respiratory infection, the patient showed a symptomatology consisting of weakness in lower limbs, followed by facial asymmetry and arm weakness. Serum M. pneumoniae antibodies were elevated and active CMV infection was diagnosed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) performed on cerebrospinal fluid. Treatment with oral clarithromycin, intravenous immunoglobulins and ganciclovir was associated with rapid improvement and complete recovery. It is very probable that clinical findings were secondary to the reactivation of CMV caused by persistent M. pneumoniae infection in the respiratory tract. This may be the first report in the pediatric literature of a co-infection of M. pneumoniae and CMV resulting in peripheral nervous system involvement.
The origin and application of experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis; Experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) is a model of the neuroimmune system responding to priming with central nervous system (CNS)-restricted antigens. It is an excellent model of post-vaccinal encephalitis and a useful model of many aspects of multiple sclerosis. EAE has been established in numerous species and is induced by priming with a large number of CNS-derived antigens. As a consequence, the pathogenesis, pathology and clinical signs vary significantly between experimental protocols. As I describe in this Timeline article, the reductionist approach taken in some lines of investigation of EAE resulted in a reliance on results obtained under a narrow range of conditions. Although such studies made important contributions to our molecular understanding of inflammation, T-cell activation, and MHC restriction, they did not advance as effectively our knowledge of the polyantigenic responses that usually occur in CNS immunopathology and autoimmunity. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the middle ear masquerading as Bell's palsy; We describe the case of a 28-year-old woman who presented with an acute dense left facial paralysis. Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated enhancement of the labyrinthine portion of the facial nerve, and Bell's palsy was the presumed initial diagnosis. After 2 months without recovery despite receiving steroid and antiviral therapy, the patient underwent further workup. Computed tomographic scan demonstrated a mass lesion adjacent to the tympanic portion of the facial nerve, and electromyography showed active denervation and prominent fibrillation potentials. Surgical excision of the tumor was performed with decompression and sparing of the facial nerve. Histologically, the tumor proved to be an inflammatory pseudotumor (IPT). At the 3-year follow-up, the patient had an improvement in her facial nerve function, progressing to a House-Brackman grade III. An IPT can masquerade as Bell's palsy with sudden complete facial paralysis. Failure to obtain even slight recovery in Bell's palsy should prompt further workup, including appropriate imaging, to assess for a mass lesion. Confusion of an IPT with a nerve-based tumor on frozen section and imaging could lead to inappropriate resection and cable grafting of the facial nerve. Therefore, the relationship between an IPT and facial nerve paralysis is vital and must be recognized for treatment and to maximize postoperative facial nerve function. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Neuromuscular diseases in pregnancy; Neuromuscular disease in pregnancy is a broad topic and includes focal neuropathies that occur with increased incidence during pregnancy and the puerperium, as well as preexisting inherited neuropathies or myopathies and chronic autoimmune diseases such as myasthenia gravis and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. Although the precise etiology of the focal neuropathies is not completely understood, they do seem to be a direct effect of pregnancy or delivery. In most cases, prognosis for complete recovery is good. The incidence of inherited and autoimmune neuromuscular diseases in women of childbearing age is relatively rare, and our knowledge of their impact in pregnancy is limited. Most are able to deliver healthy infants; however, these patients present specific challenges to the neurologist and obstetrician. The most recent literature on this topic is reviewed. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
A Stroke of Bad Luck: Left Ventricular Pacemaker Malposition; Lead wire malposition is thought to be a rare complication of both permanent and temporary pacemaker implantation. The actual incidence and prevalence are unknown because of lack of reporting, which complicates consistency in treatment. Potential safeguards to prevent complications as a result of lead malposition are readily available, effective, and inexpensive, but underused. An 80-year-old white man presented to our institution with right-arm paresthesias and weakness, as well as facial numbness, 4 months after undergoing single-chamber pacemaker placement by an outside hospital because of tachybrady syndrome. Computed tomography scan of the head revealed a recent ischemic stroke. Electrocardiography revealed right bundle-branch block morphology of paced beats. Chest radiography raised the suspicion of lead malposition because of the posterior deflection of the lead wire on the lateral view. Transesophageal echocardiography conclusively demonstrated a pacemaker lead wire that transversed the aortic valve into the left ventricle without the presence of thrombus. The patient underwent successful removal of the device with a transcatheter approach, and a replacement pacemaker was placed for symptomatic bradycardia. It was recently suggested that echocardiography is not able to adequately detect thrombi on lead wires and that all patients with stroke should undergo open heart surgery for device extraction. We think that this does not adequately incorporate the significant comorbidities for some patients in the risk-benefit decision-making processes and that a transcutaneous approach is reasonable for patients without evidence of thrombi who are poor surgical candidates for an open heart procedure. A 12-lead electrocardiogram should be performed on every patient after pacemaker insertion. If right bundle-branch block morphology of paced beats is noted, chest radiography including a lateral view should be ordered. If there is any ambiguity regarding lead placement, echocardiography should be performed for determining lead malposition. © 2007 American Society of Echocardiography.
Iodine supplementation during pregnancy: a public health challenge; Iodine deficiency remains the most frequent cause worldwide, after starvation, of preventable mental retardation in children. It causes maternal hypothyroxinemia, which affects pregnant women even in apparently iodine-sufficient areas, and often goes unnoticed because L-thyroxine (T4) levels remain within the normal range, and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) is not increased. Even a mild hypothyroxinemia during pregnancy increases the risk of neurodevelopmental abnormalities, and experimental data clearly demonstrate that it damages the cortical cytoarchitecture of the fetal brain. The American Thyroid Association (ATA) recommends a supplement of 150 μg iodine/day during pregnancy and lactation, in addition to the use of iodized salt. We discuss the importance of iodine supplementation to ensure adequate T4 levels in all women who are considering conception and throughout pregnancy and lactation. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Actinomycosis of the temporal bone with labyrinthine and facial nerve involvement; OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate the clinical, radiologic, and pathologic findings of actinomycosis of the temporal bone. STUDY DESIGN: Case report and literature review. METHODS: Analysis of a case through medical records and literature review. RESULTS: Actinomycosis is a rare cause of subacute-chronic suppurative infection of the temporal bone. We present an 11-year-old male with a history of ciliary dyskinesia presenting with a 6-week history of right-sided otorrhea, otalgia, and a 1-week history of progressive facial weakness. Final histopathology revealed a diagnosis of actinomycosis. A review of the literature showed 25 cases of temporal bone actinomycosis. This is the first reported case of actinomycosis causing facial nerve palsy and labyrinthine invasion. Effective treatment includes aggressive surgical debridement followed by long-term administration of appropriate antibiotic. CONCLUSIONS: Actinomycosis can be a cause for bone erosive lesions of the temporal bone and can result in significant morbidities. Prompt tissue diagnosis with suspicion for nonmalignant causes of bone erosive disease can help in implementing appropriate treatment. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Transorbital orbitocranial penetrating injury due to bicycle brake handle in a child; Transorbital orbitocranial penetrating injuries (TOPI) are relatively rare and can be caused by a variety of unusual objects. Diagnosis of TOPI should be based on a detailed history and evaluation of available investigations as the penetrating injury may be overlooked. In the present case, a child sustained a penetrating injury with the brake handle of a bicycle due to the accidental fall of the bicycle on him and was managed conservatively. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG.
Hepatic pseudocyst as a result of ventriculoperitoneal shunts: Case report and review of the literature; Hepatic pseudocyst formation is a rare intra-abdominal complication of ventriculoperitoneal shunts. The presence of an intracranial tumor and a history of central nervous system infection are major risk factors for the development of this complication. Hepatic pseudocysts secondary to ventriculoperitoneal shunts can be classified as intra- and extra-axially growing cysts. On abdominal computed tomography images, extra-axially growing pseudocysts are typically surrounded by a fine annulus that shows continuity to hepatic parenchyma. For treatment of extra-axially growing hepatic pseudocysts, surgical unroofing of the cyst and repositioning of the catheter is an effective method if there is no shunt infection and/or dysfunction. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG.
Extracranial carotid arteries aneurysms in children. Single-center experiences in 4 patients and review of the literature; Background: Extracranial carotid artery aneurysms (ECAAs) are very rare conditions in children but carry a great potential of thromboembolic episodes and ruptures. Methods: To determine the clinical and therapeutic characteristics of ECAA in children in our department, we reviewed the patients' records and completed the data from phone correspondence, written survey, and clinical examination. Results: From January 1981 to June 2006, 4 patients younger than 18 years were surgically treated for ECAA in our department. They were 3 boys and 1 girl. A medical history of tonsillectomy was reported in 3 patients. The aneurysm was symptomatic in all of the patients, local signs being present in every patient. The aneurysm caused hemispheric symptoms in 1 patient and finally stroke. The aneurysms were located in the common carotid artery, in the external carotid artery, and 2 in the internal carotid artery. The cause was congenital, mycotic, and traumatic (post tonsillectomy); for 1 patient, the etiology remained unknown. Aneurysm resection and interposition with vein graft were performed in 3 patients. The external carotid artery aneurysm was resected without reconstruction. There was no perioperative death or stroke. During the early follow-up period, 1 patient had a transient dysphagia and another a transient facial palsy. The patient with preoperative stroke remained with a neurologic deficit. All these patients were followed since the operation. The patient operated on in 1981 is asymptomatic after 25 years, but the graft became occluded 3 years after the operation. The patient who had recurrent attacks is still with residual neurologic deficit. The 2 other patients are without complains; the reconstructions remain patent. Conclusion: Although very rare, ECAA can be encountered even in the pediatric population. The past medical history may reveal a tonsillectomy, although the relation may not be easy to establish. Local signs may be accompanied by hemispheric thromboembolic complications, rupture, and bleeding. Therefore, surgical treatment is indicated, but can be challenging according to the anatomical location of the aneurysm. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A case of brainstem encephalitis following multiple cranial neuropathy in a hepatocellular carcinoma patient-association with cytomegalovirus and varicella-zoster virus infection; A 72-year-old male with liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma experienced general fatigue. Four days later he was admitted to our hospital because of dizziness, dysbasia and left facial palsy (day 1). On day 6, a neurological examination revealed left trigeminal neuralgia, left medial longitudinal fasciculus (MLF) syndrome, skew deviation, hypacusia, tongue deviation and left limb ataxia. Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain including diffusion-weighted imaging showed previous lacunar infarctions at the left thalamus and pons. The immunological investigation for viral infection in his serum samples showed high titers of IgM antibody against cytomegalovirus (CMV). Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) investigation revealed mononuclear pleocytosis, elevated protein levels and high titers of IgG antibody against the varicella-zoster virus (VZV). Anti-CMV antibody measurement and CMV-DNA detection by the polymerase chain reaction in CSF revealed that the central nervous system (CNS) was not infected by CMV. We diagnosed this case as brainstem encephalitis following multiple cranial neuropathy associated with CMV and VZV infections. The neurological symptoms gradually improved with aciclovir and prednisolone therapy. The titers of antibody for CMV in his serum samples normalized 4 months later after onset. Although there was no evidence of CMV infection in the CNS was obtained, parainfection or autoimmune mediated responses followed by viral infections might have led to brainstem encephalitis with multiple cranial nerve involvements in our patient.
Wegener's granulomatosis in ENT: Clinical presentation, diagnosis and therapy; Introduction: Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is a vasculitis that effects the upper and lower part of the respiratory tract and the kidneys. Untreated the disease results in death within weeks or months. The diagnosis is based on clinical criteria, level of antineutrophil cytoplasmatic antibodies (ANCA) and signs of granulomatous necrotizing vasculitis in histology. Methods: A case of an 18-year-old woman with initially symptoms of bilateral " mastoiditis" and weakness of her facial nerve is described. In this case ANCA levels remained normal for 3 months and persistent otological symptoms were predominant. The further clinical course was characterized by neurological problems (Palsy Nn. VII, IX, XII and thrombosis of the right sigmoid sinus). The initial therapy consisted of Prednisone 100 mg and Cyclophosphamide 100 mg daily. The patient has been treated successfully with Methotrexate 20 mg 1 x/week and Prednisone 15 mg/die for 4 months now. Conclusion: A common clinical presentation of WG involves the upper respiratory tract. Therefore ENT-specialists should be familiar with the disease. Especially in cases of persistent signs of bilateral "Mastoiditis" and neurological symptoms WG should be ruled out as differential diagnosis. A close interdisciplinary cooperation is essential for therapy and follow-up, because systemic involvement is the limiting prognostic factor. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with isolated immunoglobulin E hypogammaglobulinaemia; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare disorder classically presenting with a triad of recurrent orofacial swelling, facial palsy and a fissured tongue. This case report describes a case of MRS in a patient with isolated immunoglobulin E (IgE) hypogammaglobulinaemia. The 52-year-old woman presented with puffy eyelids, lower lip swelling and right facial nerve palsy. Fissures of the tongue were also noted. On investigation she was found to have a markedly low serum IgE level. This case report clearly indicates that IgE-mediated reactions do not play a significant role in the development of MRS. Copyright © 2007 Field House Publishing LLP.
Effect of treatment plan quality on outcomes after radiosurgery for vestibular schwannoma; Object. The goal in this study was to review the effects of treatment plan quality on outcomes after radiosurgery for vestibular schwannoma (VS). Methods. Between July 1988 and August 2005, 390 patients were treated. The results of this experience have been published recently. In this study the authors looked at dosimetry variables: conformity of treatment plan and steepness of dose gradient, in the same group of patients. Over the duration of this study, dosimetry evolved from a single isocenter with marginal conformity to multiple isocenters with high conformity. Multivariate statistics were used to determine the effects of these variables on tumor control and on two types of complication, facial weakness and facial numbness. Results. The 5-year actuarial tumor control was 91%. Dosimetry had no effect on tumor control. Eighteen patients (4.6%) reported new-onset facial weakness and 14 (3.6%) reported new-onset facial numbness. Since 1994, when peripheral treatment doses were lowered to 1250 cGy, only three (1%) of 298 patients have experienced facial weakness and two (0.7%) of 298 have experienced facial numbness. Statistical analysis confirms, as in the prior study, that treatment volume and treatment dose are significant predictors of both facial weakness and facial numbness. In this model, prior tumor growth was also significant. Dosimetry, however, is definitely not a significant predictor of either complication. Conclusions. Treatment dose appears to be much more important than treatment plan quality in the prevention of facial numbness or weakness after radiosurgery for VS.
Transient facial nerve palsy after topical papaverine application during vestibular schwannoma surgery: Case report; Some evidence in the literature supports the topical application of papaverine to the cochlear nerve to prevent internal auditory artery vasospasm and cochlear ischemia as a method of enhancing the ability to preserve hearing during acoustic neuroma surgery. The authors report a case of transient facial nerve palsy that occurred after papaverine was topically applied during a hearing preservation acoustic neuroma removal. A 58-year-old woman presented with tinnitus and serviceable sensorineural hearing loss in her right ear (speech reception threshold 15 dB, speech discrimination score 100%). Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated a 1.5-cm acoustic neuroma in the right cerebellopontine angle (CPA). A retrosigmoid approach was performed to achieve gross-total resection of the tumor. During tumor removal, a solution of 3% papaverine soaked in a Gelfoam pledget was placed over the cochlear nerve. Shortly thereafter, the quality of the facial nerve stimulation deteriorated markedly. Electrical stimulation of the facial nerve did not elicit a response at the level of the brainstem but was observed to elicit a robust response more peripherally. There were no changes in auditory brainstem responses. Immediately after surgery, the patient had a House-Brackmann Grade V facial palsy on the right side. After several hours, this improved to a Grade I. At the 1-month follow-up examination, the patient exhibited normal facial nerve function and stable hearing. Intracisternal papaverine may cause a transient facial nerve palsy by producing a temporary conduction block of the facial nerve. This adverse effect should be recognized when topical papaverine is used during CPA surgery.
Treatment of Frey's syndrome with botulinum toxin; Background: Frey's syndrome or Gustatory sweating was first described by Baillarger in 1853. Lucie Frey had described a patient as "auriculotemporal syndrome" in 1923. The explanation for this symptom has been an aberrant regeneration of postganglionic parasympathetic fibers feeding the parotid gland that are severed during parotidectomy. After parotidectomy, these cholinergic parasympathetic fibers regenerate and anastomosis with postganglionic sympathetic fibers that supply vessel and sweat gland of the skin. According to a recent study, the treatment of Frey's syndrome has no treatment of choice. The authors investigated the effectiveness of botulinum toxin type A in the treatment of Frey's syndrome for the first time in Thai patients. Material and Method: The present study was a prospective non-randomized, exploratory study. Nine patients with a median involvement skin area of 4.2 cm2 (1-16.3) were injected intradermal with botulinum toxin type A 2 unit in every 1 cm2 of involved skin. The mean total dose was 10.6 units (range 2-32 unit). Results: All of the patients showed improvement after 4-7 days. Five patients have no Gustatory sweating. In the same way, four patients present with a dramatic decrease in Gustatory sweating. When comparing the skin involvement area, indicated by Minor's iodine starch test and calculated by program ImageJ 1.34s, between before and after injection of botulinum toxin type A using sign test, the result is statistically significant with p = 0.0039. The result lasted for 9.2 months (7-10 months). Conclusion: Intradermal injection of botulinum toxin type A for patients with Frey's syndrome is not only effective with no side effect but also minimally invasive. The present report supports that intradermal injection of botulinum toxin type A should be the treatment of choice for Frey's syndrome.
Acute myelitis and Lyme disease; Introduction. Acute myelitis accounts for 4 to 5 percent of all cases of neuroborreliosis. In the literature, simultaneous spinal MRI and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) investigations are presented for only 8 cases. We describe here 3 cases of acute Lyme myelitis. Method. In a cohort of 45 patients with neuroborreliosis, diagnosed between January 1998 and January 2005, 3 had acute myelitis. Clinical, biological and radiological data were studied. Case reports. The three patients had motor, sensorial and sphincter involvement. Extra-spinal involvement, such as fever and headache for one, facial nerve palsy for the second and subarachnoid hemorrhage for the third, was also noted. Pleocytosis varied from 10 to 520 white cells per mm3. Lyme serology was positive in CSF for all. Intrathecal anti-Borrelia antibody index was positive or intermediate for all three patients. Spinal cord MRI revealed a large hyperintense zone involving more than 3 vertebral segments. Myelitis was central, posterior or transverse in the axial plane. The clinical course was favorable after a three-week course of appropriate antibiotics. Conclusion. These 3 cases and the others from the literature show the diversity of the clinical and radiological features of acute myelitis: transverse, central or posterior myelitis. Thus, Lyme serology in CSF in indicated for patients presenting acute myelitis, particularly in endemic areas. © 2007. Elsevier Masson SAS.
Polymyositis and cranial neuropathy; Background. Polymyositis with cranial neuropathy has been rarely reported. Case reports. We describe here three cases of polymyositis with trigeminal or facial neuropathy. Patients had muscular weakness, myalgia, rhabdomyolysis, endomysial infiltration with necrosis and regeneration at biopsy of muscle and, for two of them, a myopathic pattern at electromyogram. Two patients had also a Sjögren's syndrome and anti-nuclear antibodies. Anti-JO1 antibodies were presents in only one case. The outcome for one patient was good with corticosteroids alone. One other improved with the adjunction of immunoglobulin. The third one had a macrocheilia, a facial diplegia, antibodies against voltage-gated potassium channels and a neuromyotonia secondary to a paraneoplastic syndrome. He died after one year despite a treatment by corticosteroids and immunoglobulin. Patients fulfilled the diagnosis of polymyositis according to clinical, electromyographic, biological and histopathologic criteria. For the two patients with Sjögren's syndrome, the question of a primitive or a secondary Sjögren's syndrome remains unknown. Conclusion. The occurrence of a cranial neuropathy in polymyositis should make us looking for an association with paraneoplastic syndrome or connective tissue disease. © 2007. Elsevier Masson SAS.
Human papilloma virus immunization in adolescent and young adults: A cohort study to illustrate what events might be mistaken for adverse reactions; BACKGROUND: The large-scale implementation of human papilloma virus (HPV) immunization will be followed by cases of autoimmune diseases occurring in temporal association with immunizations. To anticipate events that might be mistakenly assumed to be caused by immunization, their prevalence was monitored before vaccine introduction. METHOD: Cohort study carried out within a database of female adolescents (n = 214,896) and young adults (n = 221,472) followed in the pre-HPV vaccine era (2005), computing rates of emergency consultations, hospitalizations and outpatient consultations, and estimation of risks of coincident associations. RESULTS: Immune-mediated conditions were a frequent cause (10.3%) of emergency room consultation by adolescent girls. Nonallergic immune-mediated conditions affected 86 per 100,000, diabetes ranking first. In 2005, 53 per 100,000 adolescents and 389 per 100,000 women were hospitalized for diseases of presumed autoimmune origin, thyroiditis being the most frequent diagnosis. If HPV immunization had been used with 80% coverage, 3 per 100,000 adolescents would have required emergency care for asthma/allergy within 24 hours and 2 per 100,000 for diabetes within 1 week of an injection. The risks of hospitalization in temporal association with immunization are 4 times higher for thyroiditis than for multiple sclerosis or Guillain-Barré's syndrome, and more than 20 times higher in young women than in adolescents. CONCLUSION: The distinction between HPV vaccine-caused adverse reactions and events only observed by chance in temporal association is difficult. The prior use of population-based data allows for identification of issues of potential concern, for monitoring the impact of large-scale interventions and for addressing rapidly vaccine-safety issues that may compromise vaccine programs. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome associated with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in a perinatally acquired human immunodeficiency virus-infected young adult; Perinatally infected children represent a large proportion of the youth living with human immunodeficiency virusinfection/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS). Because of nonadherence to treatment, an increasing number of perinatally acquired HIV-infected adolescents and young adults are showing virologic failure and immune suppression. We report a case of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy secondary to immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome in a perinatally HIV-infected young adult, occurred shortly after the revision of an antiretroviral regimen. The patient showed marked improvement with the combination of corticosteroid and antiretroviral treatment. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Hemifacial spasm: A neurosurgical perspective; Hemifacial spasm (HFS) is characterized by tonic clonic contractions of the muscles innervated by the ipsilateral facial nerve. Compression of the facial nerve by an ectatic vessel is widely recognized as the most common underlying etiology. HFS needs to be differentiated from other causes of facial spasms, such as facial tic, ocular myokymia, and blepharospasm. To understand the overall craniofacial abnormalities and to perform the optimal surgical procedures for HFS, we are to review the prevalence, pathophysiology, differential diagnosis, details of each treatment modality, usefulness of brainstem auditory evoked potentials monitoring, debates on the facial EMG, clinical course, and complications from the literature published from 1995 to the present time.
Mealtime 50/50 basal + prandial insulin analogue mixture with a basal insulin analogue, both plus metformin, in the achievement of target HbA1c and pre- and postprandial blood glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes: A multinational, 24-week, randomized, open-label, parallel-group comparison; Background: In people without diabetes, ∼50% of daily insulin secretion is basal and the remainder is postprandial. Hence, it would be expected that insulin replacement therapy in a 50/50 ratio with each meal would mimic physiologic insulin secretion better than treatment with once-daily basal insulin in patients with diabetes mellitus. Using lispro mix (LM) 50/50 before meals may be a logical approach to achieving glycemic targets (glycosylated hemoglobin [HbAlc] and pre- and postprandial blood glucose [BG] concentrations) in these patients. Objective: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that treatment with a premixed insulin analogue containing 50/50 basal + prandial insulins administered before each meal would achieve lower overall and mealtime glycemic control than once-daily basal insulin analogue, both plus metformin (Met), in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: This 24-week, randomized, open-label, parallel-group trial was conducted at 38 sites across Australia, Greece, India, The Netherlands, Poland, Puerto Rico, and the United States. Male and female patients aged 35 to 75 years with type 2 diabetes mellitus and an HbA1c level of 6.5% to 11.0%, who were receiving metformin and/or a sulfonylurea with a stable dose of 0 to 2 daily insulin injections over the previous 3 months were eligible. Patients were randomly assigned to receive LM50/50 (50% insulin lispro protamine suspension [ILPS] and 50% lispro) TID plus metformin (to a maximally tolerated daily dosage of 500-1000 mg BID) (LM50/50 + Met) or insulin glar-gine QD at bedtime plus metformin (500-1000 mg BID) (G + Met) for 24 weeks. With LM50/50 + Met, the insulin dose was titrated to target a fasting BG (FBG) level of <6.7 mmol/L (<120 mg/dL) and a 2-hour post-prandial BG (PPBG) level of <8.0 mmol/L (<144 mg/dL). © 2007 Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Tumors and pseudotumors of the endolymphatic sac; This article reports on the presentation, diagnosis, management, and treatment outcomes of lesions of the endolymphatic sac in patients treated at a tertiary neurotology referral center. It summarizes survival results in the largest series groups and presents a new diagnostic entity of pseudotumor of the endolymphatic sac. The study includes retrospective review of all patients diagnosed with lesions of the endolymphatic sac within our practice between 1994 and 2005 as well as review of the literature. The primary outcome measure was survival, and the secondary outcome measure was disease-free survival following definitive resection. Postoperative complications were assessed. Survival characteristics of the largest reported case series groups were reviewed. Five cases of endolymphatic sac lesions were identified. Of these, three were true endolymphatic sac tumors and two were inflammatory pseudotumors of the endolymphatic sac. All three of the endolymphatic sac tumors patients survived (100%), and two of the three had disease-free survival (67%). Two of three patients maintained persistent facial paresis postoperatively. Both patients with benign pseudotumors survived (1000%). Our study concluded that endolymphatic sac tumors are rare neoplasms of the temporal bone that, although locally aggressive and invasive, have excellent prognosis for survival with complete resection. We report a new entity of pseudotumor of the endolymphatic sac that mimics true sac tumors in every respect on presentation but which is non-neoplastic in origin. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Primary central nervous system lymphoma presenting as bilateral tumors of the internal auditory canal; The increasing incidence of central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma in the general population, especially in young adults with AIDS, should alert the otolaryngologist that in future there will be an even greater incidence of this rare disease. It may be responsible for hearing loss accompanied by other neurological deficits. CNS lymphoma often has a rapidly progressive course. Early diagnosis and rapid therapy are crucial for a better prognosis. We report a case of primary CNS lymphoma involving both internal auditory canals that presented with sudden deafness and disequilibrium accompanied by facial and abducens nerve palsy. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Aripiprazole for the treatment of psychoses in institutionalized patients with alzheimer dementia: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled assessment of three fixed doses; To assess the efficacy and safety of aripiprazole for psychosis associated with Alzheimer dementia (AD). Methods: In this double-blind, multlcenter study, 487 institutionalized patients with psychosis associated with AD were randomized to placebo or aripiprazole, 2,5 or 10 mg/day. Primary)' efficacy assessment was the mean change from baseline to week 10 on the Neuropsychiatrie Inventory-Nursing Home (NPI-NH) version Psychosis Subscale score. Secondary measures included NPI-NH Total, Clinical Global Impression-Severity of Illness (CGI-S), Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) Core and Total, and the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI) scores. Results: Aripiprazole 10 mg/day showed significantly greater improvements (mean change [2 x SD]) than placebo on the NPI-NH Psychosis Subscale (-6.87 [8.6] versus -5.13 [10.0]; F = 6.29, df= 1, 422, p = 0.013 by analysis of covariance [ANCOVA]); CGI-S (-0.72 [1.8] versus -0.46[1.6]; F= 4.68, df=l, 419, p = 0.031 [ANCOVA]); BPRS Total (-7.12 [18.4] versus -4.17 [21.6]; F =4.72, df= 1, 399, p = 0.030 [ANCOVA]); BPRS Core (-3-07 [6.9] versus -1.74 [7.8]; F = 7.30, df= 1, 407,p = 0.007 [ANCOVA]); CMAI (-10.96 [22.6] versus -6.64 [28.6]; F= 5.23, df= 1, 410, p = 0.023 [ANCOVA]), and NPI-NH Psychosis response rate (65 versus 50%; x* = 5-52, df= 1, p = 0.019 [CMH]). Aripiprazole 5 mg/day showed significant improvements versus placebo on BPRS and CMAl scores. Aripiprazole 2 mg/day was not efficacious. Cerebrovascular adverse events were reported: aripiprazole 2 mg/day, N= 1; 5 mg/day, N = 2; 10 mg/day, N = 4; placebo, N = 0. No deaths in any group (aripiprazole 2 mg/day, 3%; 5 mg/day, 2%; 10 mg/day, 7%;placebo, 3%) were considered to be treatment-related. Conclusion: Aripiprazole IO mg/day was efficacious and safe for psychosis associated with AD, significantly improving psychotic symptoms, agitation, and clinical global impression. However, clinicians should be aware of the safety considerations of atypical antipsychotic uses in this population. © 2007 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
The neurotropic herpes viruses: herpes simplex and varicella-zoster; Herpes simplex viruses types 1 and 2 (HSV1 and HSV2) and varicella-zoster virus (VZV) establish latent infection in dorsal root ganglia for the entire life of the host. From this reservoir they can reactivate to cause human morbidity and mortality. Although the viruses vary in the clinical disorders they cause and in their molecular structure, they share several features that affect the course of infection of the human nervous system. HSV1 is the causative agent of encephalitis, corneal blindness, and several disorders of the peripheral nervous system; HSV2 is responsible for meningoencephalitis in neonates and meningitis in adults. Reactivation of VZV, the pathogen of varicella (chickenpox), is associated with herpes zoster (shingles) and central nervous system complications such as myelitis and focal vasculopathies. We review the biological, medical, and neurological aspects of acute, latent, and reactivated infections with the neurotropic herpes viruses. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland in children; Objective: To evaluate the presentation, imaging characteristics and treatment outcome of pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid in the pediatric population. Design: Retrospective study with institutional review board approval. Setting: Tertiary care pediatric medical center. Methods: An extensive review of medical records with regard to presentation, imaging, histopathology, complication, recurrence and prognosis on patients 18 years or younger presenting from 1983 to 2005. Results: Eleven patients (six females, five males) were identified. The most common presentation was an asymptomatic mass. Preoperative imaging was done on nine patients: MRI (N = 6), CT (N = 3), ultrasound (N = 2), and sialogram (N = 1). Initial treatments included: superficial parotidectomy (N = 5), total parotidectomy (N = 3), excisional biopsy followed by superficial parotidectomy (N = 2), and excisional biopsy (N = 1). There were two recurrences (18%); one presenting 7 months following excisional biopsy who underwent superficial parotidectomy and one occurred 3 years following total parotidectomy requiring revision parotidectomy and radiation. Other complications included: transient facial nerve paresis (N = 5; 45%) and permanent weakness (N = 1; 9%). The patients were followed an average of 18 months. Conclusions: Pleomorphic adenoma is one of the most common tumors of the parotid in children. The most common presentation is an asymptomatic mass. A preoperative evaluation with MRI or CT scan can be helpful in determining the extent of the lesion and surgical planning. Complete excision via superficial or total parotidectomy with preservation of facial nerve is the treatment of choice. Long-term follow up is recommended, though was difficult in a tertiary care center. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute mastoiditis in children: The "Ferrara" experience; Objective: This study aims to investigate the clinical features and outcomes of acute mastoiditis in children referred to the ENT/Audiology Department of the University of Ferrara from January 1994 to December 2005. It also aims to discuss risk factors and to find predictors for surgery. Methods: A retrospective study on case sheets of children with an acute mastoiditis diagnosis was carried out. Fifty-five cases fulfilled the inclusion criteria: they presented otoscopical evidence of acute otitis media and inflammatory findings of the mastoid area such as post-auricular swelling, redness or tenderness, protrusion of the auricle and/or radiological findings. Results: Twenty-six patients were only treated with antibiotic therapy, tympanocentesis alone was performed in 11 cases; in 5, a ventilation tube was positioned. Mastoidectomy was performed in 13 patients. The group who underwent mastoidectomy had a median hospital stay of 15 days (5-54), in this group were found the following complications: 1 meningitis, 1 meningo-encephalitis, 1 lateral and sigmoid sinus thrombosis, 1 facial palsy. Conclusion: the incidence of otomastoiditis does not seem to be decreasing, on the contrary, in some countries, it seems to be on the increase. Our experience cannot confirm a real increase of the incidence but we noted periodic variations during the time of observation. It is important, that careful attention is paid to the clinical assessment of children who are 2-years old or under, as they seem to be more exposed to the risk of clinical complications; therefore, it is highly recommended that the otologist and the paediatrician collaborate closely. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Feasibility and Efficacy of Percutaneous Transcatheter Intraarterial Chemotherapy with Paclitaxel in Albumin Nanoparticles for Advanced Squamous-Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity, Oropharynx, and Hypopharynx; Purpose: In view of the promising results of a phase I trial, this phase II trial was conducted to study the efficacy and safety of intraarterial induction chemotherapy with a novel nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel formulation in advanced head and neck cancer. Materials and Methods: Sixty previously untreated patients with locally advanced squamous-cell carcinoma (SCC) of the oral cavity, oropharynx, or hypopharynx in stage T3/4 and any nodal stage received two to four cycles of nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel by infusion into the external carotid artery or one of its branches, without premedication, at an initial dose of 230 mg/m2 and subsequently a reduced dose of 150 mg/m2. Response was evaluated by physical examination and multidetector computed tomography in all patients, and also by positron emission tomography with [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose in 38 patients. Definitive treatment was surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or chemoradiation therapy. Results: Intraarterial chemotherapy had a low incidence of complications and produced complete or partial responses in 45 of 60 treated patients (75%). Seven patients (11.67%) had stable disease and eight (13.33%) had disease progression. High-grade bone marrow depression was rare. An unexpected toxicity was reversible facial nerve palsy on the side of infusion, which occurred in six patients at initial dosage. Reduction of the dose eliminated this specific toxicity without any loss of efficacy. Conclusion: The promising response rates and tolerability of intraarterial chemotherapy with nanoparticle albumin-bound paclitaxel justify further investigation of this formulation, alone or in combination with other agents, in advanced SCC of the head and neck. © 2007 SIR.
Inner ear and facial nerve complications of acute otitis media, including vertigo; Acute otitis media is one of the most common diagnoses made in children in the United States. Intracranial and extracranial (intratemporal) complications have greatly decreased in the antibiotic era, but still remain a challenge when they arise. This article addresses two intratemporal complications with significant associated morbidity: facial nerve paralysis/paresis, and labyrinthitis: Epidemiology, pathology, clinical diagnosis, and treatment options are discussed, focusing on an evidence-based approach to diagnosis and management. In addition, the future of treatment and current questions regarding otitis media are briefly discussed. © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Treating later facial nerve palsy with the method of combining free graft of de-nerve short extensor muscle of toe with the technique of inducted undermined suture; OBJECTIVE: To explore a more effective operative method for later facial nerve palsy. METHODS: A synthetically operative method of combining free graft of short extensor of toe with the technique of undermined inducted suture was used in 432 cases of later facial nerve palsy. RESULTS: 82% of 432 cases acquired satisfactory effect that consisted of static symmetry and dynamic rough symmetry in facial expression. 12% cases only acquired static symmetry in facial expression but the dynamic symmetry were insufficient. Unsatisfactory results were occurred in 6% cases as both the static and dynamic symmetry of their facial expression were insufficient, which acquired preferable results 2 another suspending operation 8 to 12 months later. 4 cases got post operation infection; through cases happel in foot and 2 in face. All of them were cured by the treatment of drain and antibiotic in 3 weeks. 46% cases were followed up by further consultation or telephone. The longest followed up was period 12 years, while the shortest was 1 year, and the average was 28 months. 93% patients were satisfactory with the results, and 7% patients thought that their facial expression symmetry were insufficient though their facial abnormality were improved obviously. CONCLUSIONS: The synthetically operative method of combining free graft of short extensor of toe with the technique of undermined inducted suture was an effective method for later facial nerve palsy, and most of the patients could acquired satisfactory results. This operative method is good for popularize because of its simple operation, slight tissue injury and fews complication post-operation.
[Misdiagnosis of facial never tumor].; To analyze the misdiagnosis of facial nerve tumor and better understand facial nerve tumor. Twenty-eight patients with facial nerve tumor were undergone surgical treatment during January 1993 to September 2006. Eleven patients had been misdiagnosed. All patients were undergone pure tone audiometry, CT scan or MRI. Facial nerve function was evaluated with House-Brackmann grading system. Eleven cases were misdiagnosed. Two cases were misdiagnosed as parotid tumor preoperatively. They were identified as facial never tumor because the masses originated from facial nerve during the surgery and confirmed by pathological examination. Four cases with unilateral facial nerve paralysis lasting from one year to eight years had been misdiagnosed as Bell palsy. Two cases with recurrent facial nerve palsy were misdiagnosed as Bell palsy. Finally MRI and CT demonstrated a mass at the genicular segment of facial nerve. One case with hearing loss and mass in external acoustic meatus was misdiagnoses as external acoustic meatus neoplasm. It was verified as facial schwannomas by biopsy and CT scan. One case with ear discharge, tympanic membrane perforation, soft tissue mass at epitympanum was misdiagnosed as chronic suppurative otitis media, lump was found close to the horizontal segment of facial nerve intraoperatively, and then it was confirmed as facial schwannomas by pathology. One case with soft tissue mass at mastoid and facial paralysis lasting about one and a half years was misdiagnosed as congenital cholesteatoma preoperatively. After admission, MRI study revealed the mass was involved in the facial nerve and parotid gland, and facial nerve tumor was suspected. All the 11 cases were undergone surgery, and the diagnosis was confirmed pathologically. Facial nerve tumor was rare and unfamiliar with most of Otologists. The present study showed that the three symptoms or signs should be alert: patient presents with facial paralysis does not partially recovered within six months or patient presents with recurrent facial paralysis, CT scan and MRI should be ordered for these patients to rule out space-occupation along facial nerve. Soft tissue mass associates with the horizontal or vertical segment of facial nerve should be distinguished with Cholesteatoma and otitis media while patient complains of facial paralysis. Parotid neoplasm close to facial nerve should be considered it originates from facial nerve.
Meningoradiculitis caused by herpes simplex virus type 2; A 24-year-old immune-competent woman was admitted to hospital with a three-day history of fever and headache. On examination bilateral facial nerve palsy, lumbosacral radicular pain, reduced sacral sensibility and urinary retention were found. Open perianal lesions were suspect for genital herpes. The symptoms were compatible with a meningoradiculitis including a sacral polyradiculitis. On testing, cerebrospinal fluid was found to be abnormal with a lymphocytic cell reaction. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) of cerebrospinal fluid and of the perianal lesions was positive for herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2). An MRI scan showed colouration of part of the cauda equina. The patient was treated by intravenous injections of acyclovir 10 mg/kg t.i.d. for 21 days, after which she completely recovered. HSV-2 infection of the nervous system can cause lymphocytic, and sometimes recurrent meningitis as well as sacral polyradiculitis. It may also occur without any symptomatic genital herpes infection. A positive result from a PCR test of the cerebrospinal fluid confirms this diagnosis. Treatment with acyclovir should be started as soon as possible.
Early treatment with prednisolone or acyclovir in Bell's palsy; BACKGROUND: Corticosteroids and antiviral agents are widely used to treat the early stages of idiopathic facial paralysis (i.e., Bell's palsy), but their effectiveness is uncertain. METHODS: We conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, factorial trial involving patients with Bell's palsy who were recruited within 72 hours after the onset of symptoms. Patients were randomly assigned to receive 10 days of treatment with prednisolone, acyclovir, both agents, or placebo. The primary outcome was recovery of facial function, as rated on the House-Brackmann scale. Secondary outcomes included quality of life, appearance, and pain. RESULTS: Final outcomes were assessed for 496 of 551 patients who underwent randomization. At 3 months, the proportions of patients who had recovered facial function were 83.0% in the prednisolone group as compared with 63.6% among patients who did not receive prednisolone (P<0.001) and 71.2% in the acyclovir group as compared with 75.7% among patients who did not receive acyclovir (adjusted P = 0.50). After 9 months, these proportions were 94.4% for prednisolone and 81.6% for no prednisolone (P<0.001) and 85.4% for acyclovir and 90.8% for no acyclovir (adjusted P = 0.10). For patients treated with both drugs, the proportions were 79.7% at 3 months (P<0.001) and 92.7% at 9 months (P<0.001). There were no clinically significant differences between the treatment groups in secondary outcomes. There were no serious adverse events in any group. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with Bell's palsy, early treatment with prednisolone significantly improves the chances of complete recovery at 3 and 9 months. There is no evidence of a benefit of acyclovir given alone or an additional benefit of acyclovir in combination with prednisolone. (Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN71548196.) Copyright © 2007 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Guillain-Barré syndrome associated with scrub typhus; We report a 42-y-old female with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) who presented with scrub typhus for a duration of 2 weeks. Subsequently, ascending paralysis and facial diplegia developed. GBS was confirmed with nerve conduction studies and cerebrospinal fluid examinations. After administration of intravenous immunoglobulin, symptoms gradually disappeared.
Contralateral hearing loss after vestibular schwannoma surgery: Case report; OBJECTIVE: To describe a case of contralateral hearing loss (CHL) in vestibular schwannoma (VS) surgery and to discuss the factors potentially related with this complication. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 48-year-old man awakened with complete bilateral hearing loss after an uneventful retrosigmoid excision of a 20 mm left-sided VS. The patient had no complaints of vertigo or facial palsy on the contralateral side. The hearing loss proved to be endocochlear in origin and no improvement was observed after a 24-month follow-up period. DISCUSSION: CHL in VS surgery is not commonly reported but can occur frequently as a subclinical phenomenon if it is specially addressed. The cause is a compensatory endolymphatic hydrops generated by the loss of cerebrospinal fluid. In this circumstance, the hearing loss is usually reversible within 3 months, but irreversible cases have been described. Vascular damage to the cochlea can be another explanation in irreversible cases. The significance of other potential factors described in the literature as a cause of CHL in VS surgery is less clear. CONCLUSION: A case of CHL after VS surgery is presented. The hearing loss proved to be endochlear in origin and irreversible in nature. Irreversible damage to the cochlea resulting from loss of cerebrospinal fluid or vascular injury is probably related in this case reported. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Effects of administration of high dose steroids for complete idiopathic facial nerve palsy: Propriety of a second course of steroid therapy; Objective : The purpose of this study was to investigate the existence ot any relationship between the initial or total prednisolone dose and the degree of facial nerve recovery in patients with complete idiopathic facial nerve palsy (Bell's palsy). Materials and methods : This study was carried out on 102 patients with unilateral complete Bell's palsy of no more than 14 days duration. The patients were divided into four study groups : one receiving a single tapering course of steroids after an initial hydrocortisone (HC) dose of 600mg, one receiving a second tapering course of steroids after an initial HC dose of 600mg, one receiving a single tapering course of steroids after an initial HC dose of 1200mg, and one receiving a second tapering course of steroids after an initial HC dose of 1200mg. The following variables were analyzed among the groups : the cure rate, the average time needed to achieve maximum recovery, and the rate of side effects. Results : The total cure rate of the patients was 77%. No significant differences were detected among the groups in terms of the cure rate, average time to achieve maximum recovery, or the side effects rate (P>0.05). Conclusion : High - dose steroid therapy was considered to be somewhat effective in curing complete Bell's palsy. However, there were no correlations between the initial or total steroid dose and the prognosis if a prednisolone equivalent dose of more than 150mg initially, or a total dose of more than 880mg was used. These findings show no significant benefits of treating complete Bell's palsy with a second course of steroids.
Primary and non-primary parotid malignancies: Comparison of treatment modalities and outcomes; Our aim was to report our experience in the management of malignant primary and non-primary parotid neoplasms and to compare the clinical presentations, the treatment modalities and the outcomes in these two groups. We performed a retrospective review of the clinical and surgical data contained in patient files. Between January 1995 and December 2004, 60 patients with malignant parotid tumors were admitted to our department. Two groups were isolated: a group of 42 patients with primary parotid malignancies (group 1) and a group of 18 patients with non-primary parotid malignancies (intra-parotid metastasis and parotid lymphoma), (group 2). We compared the preoperative data, the surgical procedures performed total parotidectomy (TP) versus superficial parotidectomy (SP), the need for sacrificing the facial nerve and postoperative facial nerve function in the two groups. Actuarial survival rates were calculated using the Kaplan-Meier method in combination with the Log Rank test for comparison of the results in the two groups. Preoperative clinical facial nerve impairment was significantly more frequent in group 1 (33%) as compared to group 2 (6%) (P = 0.023). A SP was performed in 15 patients in group 2 while a TP was performed in 37 patients in group 1. The facial nerve was completely or partially sacrificed in 17 cases in group 1 and in only one case in group 2 (P = 0.03). One month after surgery, 18 patients in group 1 had persistent facial nerve dysfunction compared to only one patient in group 2 (P = 0.004). In group 1, the overall 1, 3 and 5-year survival rates were, respectively, 94, 76 and 69%. In group 2, the respective survival rates were 84, 62 and 40% (P = 0.4). This study outlines the differences in clinical presentation, surgical management and outcomes in the two main groups of malignant parotid tumors. The prognosis of facial nerve function was better in non-primary parotid malignancies. SP was the standard surgical option in group 2 patients while a TP was performed in the majority of the patients in group 1. Except when melanoma or lymphoma were present (which require specific treatment), adjuvant radiotherapy had the same indications in both groups when the tumors were high-grade, AJCC stages III and IV or when they had positive margins or lymph node and facial nerve involvement. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Iatrogenic botulism in a child with spastic quadriparesis; Botulinum toxins are potent neurotoxins used in a variety of neurological disorders. Few pediatric reports have been published to date regarding the potential hazards of therapeutic use of botulinum toxins. We describe the case of a 10-year-old boy who developed systemic weakness following treatment of spasticity with botulinum toxin type B. The patient developed iatrogenic botulism with ptosis, facial diplegia, neck flexor and extensor weakness, and profound hypopharyngeal laxity with respiratory compromise from which he eventually recovered. Clinicians should be mindful of the risk for systemic botulism when using local injections of the neurotoxin. © Sage Publications, Inc. 2007.
Bilateral abducens palsies and facial weakness as initial manifestations of a Chiari 1 malformation; PURPOSE. Chiari I malformations are rare, congenital anomalies involving the caudal herniation of the cerebellar tonsils into the upper cervical spinal canal. Osseous abnormalities of the skull permit the extension of the hindbrain below the foramen magnum and engender syringohydromyelia formation. Neuroophthalmic manifestations are not uncommon; nevertheless, this is the first report of concomitant bilateral abducens palsies and facial nerve impairment as presenting manifestations of a Chiari I malformation. CASE REPORT. A 30-year-old black female presented with a recent history of blurred vision and binocular diplopia in both left and right gazes. Headaches, dizziness, and orofacial sensorimotor impairments were noted in conjunction with the onset of her diplopia. No history of surgery, trauma, or systemic illness was elicited. Extraocular motility testing confirmed a complete bilateral abduction deficit. Additional cranial nerve testing revealed bilateral facial nerve weakness and tactile hypesthesia in the perioral region. No taste disturbances were reported. Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging studies revealed a Chiari I malformation with a syringohydromyelia formation in the vicinity of the patient's sixth cervical vertebrae. Foramen magnum decompression surgery was performed. Two months after surgery, abduction capacity was restored along with resolution of symptoms of perioral numbness and signs of facial weakness. CONCLUSION. Bilateral sixth nerve palsies are rare clinical commodities especially when they do not occur in isolation. Intracranial neoplams, trauma, subarachnoid hemorrhaging, demyelinating disease, and meningeal infarcts have all been shown to induce mixed cranial neuropathies. The concomitant bilateral abducens palsy and concomitant facial nerve weakness reported in this case represents an atypical and previously unreported presentation of a Chiari I malformation. © 2007 American Academy of Optometry.
Salivary duct carcinoma: A clinical and histologic review with implications for trastuzumab therapy; Background. Salivary duct carcinoma (SDC) is an aggressive tumor of the head and neck with a poor prognosis. The objective was to study SDC and recommend the use of trastuzumab as adjuvant therapy. Methods. A retrospective chart review of patients seen between 1993 and 2006 was performed. Tumor specimens were examined for HER-2 protein overexpression via immunohistochemistry (IHC) and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) methods. Results. Of the 7 patients with SDC, 57% had tumors arising in the parotid gland, the majority having facial nerve paralysis, 71% with nodal disease, and 43% having recurrence. All samples were HER-2 positive on IHC. Three patients had FISH-positive tumors, recurrent disease, and recieved trastuzumab therapy; 1 of the 3 died after 20 months and a second has shown disappearance of metastatic disease. Conclusions. Trastuzumab is effective in treating HER-2-positive breast cancer. Given immunohistochemical similarities between SDC and ductal carcinoma of the breast, patients with FISH-positive HER-2/neu SDC should be considered for trastuzumab therapy. © 2007 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Brain abscess following intracerebral haemorrhage; A 79-year old male patient developed a brain abscess as infective transformation of a preceding intracerebral haemorrhage after urinary tract infection. The awareness of brain abscess formation at the site of intracerebral haemorrhage is crucial for early diagnosis and treatment of this rare but potentially fatal complication. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Gunshot injuries to the parotid gland: Patterns of injury and primary management; We have treated 16 patients with gunshot injuries to the cheek, 10 of whom had damage to the parotid. There were nine men and one woman, mean age 40 (range 15-65). All injuries were high velocity, and eight had other injuries. We followed them up for a month; three patients required further operation, three had facial palsy, and one lost his hearing on that side. © 2006 The British Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Central Anticholinergic Syndrome: A Case Report; Postoperative central anticholinergic syndrome (CAS) is caused by anticholinergic medications that cross the blood-brain barrier. Medications with central anticholinergic effects block muscarinic cholinergic receptors, resulting in a wide array of symptoms. Symptoms may range from coma to a highly agitated state. CAS may be underdiagnosed because of its varying presentation and lack of awareness. Differential diagnosis for the patient presenting with abnormal neurological signs and symptoms should include CAS after the exclusion of other potential causes. This case report details the occurrence of CAS in a patient in her 20's. A review of CAS including causes, signs and symptoms, incidence, differential diagnosis, and treatment is discussed. © 2007 American Society of PeriAnesthesia Nurses.
Skull base surgery for removal of temporal bone tumors; Conclusion. When selecting the appropriate surgical approach the pathological type of tumor, the physiological status as well as the functional aspects should be considered. Understanding the strengths and weaknesses of each surgical technique and knowledge of the particular tumor biology facilitates selection of the most appropriate surgical approach and a successful outcome. Objectives. The purpose of this study was to review cases that underwent skull base surgery for a variety of tumors that involved the temporal bone. We reviewed a single center's 25-year experience for epidemiologic characteristics, symptoms, treatment type and outcomes. Patients and Methods. The medical records and radiological images of 91 patients, who underwent skull base surgery, were retrospectively reviewed. Results. Among the 91 patients, 61 cases had benign disease and 30 had malignancies. A facial nerve schwannoma was the most common benign intratemporal tumor and a squamous cell carcinoma was the most common malignant tumor. With the facial nerve schwannoma, facial nerve paralysis and hearing loss were the most common presenting complaints; otalgia was the most common presenting symptom for temporal bone cancer. For patients with a glomus tumor, there was a characteristic pulsating tinnitus. A majority of the facial nerve schwannomas were resectable through the transmastoid approach. The infratemporal fossa approach type A was usually required for lower cranial nerve schwannomas and glomus jugulare tumors. However, the fallopian bridge technique with hypotympanectomy was another surgical option. Partial temporal bone resection and subtotal temporal bone resections were performed in cases with temporal bone cancer. The disease free 5-year survival of the temporal bone cancers was 42% and for the squamous cell carcinomas, it was 44%. © 2007 Taylor & Francis.
Modifying IGF1 activity: An approach to treat endocrine disorders, atherosclerosis and cancer; Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) is a polypeptide hormone that has a high degree of structural similarity to human proinsulin. Owing to its ubiquitous nature and its role in promoting cell growth, strategies to inhibit IGF1 actions are being pursued as potential adjunctive measures for treating diseases such as short stature, atherosclerosis and diabetes. In addition, most tumour cell types possess IGF1 receptors and conditions in the tumour microenvironment, such as hypoxia, can lead to enhanced responsiveness to IGF1. Therefore, inhibiting IGF1 action has been proposed as a specific mechanism for potentiating the effects of existing anticancer therapies or for directly inhibiting tumour cell growth.
Diagnosis and management of intracochlear schwannomas; OBJECTIVE: To describe and analyze a series of intracochlear schwannomas. METHODS: From 1987 to 2005, 19 patients with schwannomas involving the cochlea were included in this series. Clinical, audiovestibular, and imaging data concerning initial and follow-up visits were collected. RESULTS: The mean age was 54 years (range, 25-71 yr). The series comprised 10 women and 9 men, 18 solitary tumors and 1 neurofibromatosis Type 2 patient. The mean diagnosis delay was 11 years (range, 1-31 yr). At diagnosis, a total or profound hearing loss (Class D of American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery classification) was noted in 17 patients (89%), and a severe loss (Class C) was reported in 2 patients (11%). Facial paresis was reported in 2 patients (11%; Grades 2 and 4 of House and Brackmann classification). Magnetic resonance imaging showed an involvement of the posterior labyrinth in 8 patients (37%), an extension of the schwannoma to the internal auditory meatus in 8 patients (37%), and a cerebellopontine angle extension in 7 patients (32%). In 11 patients (58%), the schwannoma was removed through a transotic route. In the 8 remaining patients, a watch-and-rescan policy was decided. The postoperative course was uneventful. Postoperative follow-up period was 27 months (range, 6-88 mo). Postoperative facial function was assessed as Grade 1 in 7 patients, as Grade 2 in 4, and as Grade 4 in 1 patient. CONCLUSION: The diagnosis of intracochlear schwannomas can be difficult on magnetic resonance imaging. The diagnosis should be considered in all unilateral hearing losses. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Surgical management of facial neuromas: Lessons learned; OBJECTIVE: Primary tumors of the facial nerve are rare, representing 1% of all intrapetrous lesions. We analyzed the management and surgical outcomes of 16 patients with multisegment facial neuromas treated at our institution during a 16-year period. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective chart review. SETTING: Tertiary referral center. PATIENTS: All patients included in the study had surgical management of their facial neuroma. There were 9 women and 7 men. The mean age was 46 years, with a mean follow-up period of 3 years. INTERVENTION: Surgical excision (n = 15) or decompression (n = 1) of facial neuroma. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Tumor location, presenting symptoms, hearing outcomes, and facial function. RESULTS: Thirteen (81%) patients had facial paresis as their presenting symptom. Unilateral hearing loss was present in 9 (56%) patients. Most tumors (n = 15) involved multiple segments of the facial nerve and ranged in size from 1.5 to 7 cm. Fifteen (94%) patients had the tumor completely excised, and 1 (6%) patient underwent needle decompression of the cystic component of the tumor. The geniculate ganglion was the most commonly involved (11 patients, 69%) segment of the nerve, followed by the labyrinthine and tympanic segments. Despite multiple types of reconstructive options used, the best recovery of facial function was a House-Brackmann Grade III in 12 patients. CONCLUSION: Treatment of facial neuromas depends on the extent of tumor, degree of facial paresis, and hearing function. We advocate complete resection of tumor when facial palsy exists. Patients with normal facial function and hearing may be advised on a more conservative treatment option such as radiologic observation, drainage of any cystic component of the tumor for histologic diagnosis, and/or bony decompression of the tumor. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Cephalic tetanus with left infranuclear facial palsy; We report a case of 11 years old male who developed trismus associated with left infranuclear facial palsy following injury over forehead. Cephalic tetanus was diagnosed. Rarity of the case as well as mild course it ran, though the incubation period was less than seven days, is the reason for this case report. © JAPI.
Human papillomavirus vaccine-recent results and future developments; A subset of human papillomaviruses that infect the anogenital tract and the upper aero-digestive tract is the cause of a number of benign and malignant tumors in these locations, including cervical cancer. Since the past year, a vaccine directed at human papillomaviruses types 6 and 11, the main cause of genital warts, and types 16 and 18, the main cause of cervical cancer, has been on the international market. Another vaccine directed at types 16 and 18 alone is soon expected to be widely available. This review presents the updated, currently available clinical information that has demonstrated the efficacy and safety of these vaccines. It examines the questions remaining on their safety, true efficacy, spectrum of activity, and protection duration. The future directions of the current clinical research and its possible impact on prevention are discussed. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Glomus tumours of temporal bone origin. Study of 17 cases; Objective: The objective of this paper is to make a retrospective analysis in patients with glomus tumours of temporal bone origin. We present the results according to the surgical approach applied in each case. Patients and method: This retrospective study presents the findings in 17 patients with diagnosis of glomus jugulare of the temporal bone, who were observed and treated in our department over a 5-year period (1999 to 2004). We performed a general otolaryngology exam, systemic evaluation and radiological exam. Surgical treatment was performed in 16 cases out of 17. In 1 case treatment with stereotaxic surgery was performed. Results: The surgical approaches were: retroauricular transcanal approach, radical or modified mastoidectomy through facial recess, and infratemporal fossa approach. Pre-operative embolization was used in 11 of our cases. In all cases the diagnosis of glomus tumour was confirmed. The most frequent post-operative complications found were: transitory paralysis of the facial nerve, sensorineural hearing loss, imbalance, paralysis of the IXth and XIth cranial nerves, and salivary fistula. No recurrences were found after 8 years of follow-up. One case of persistence was found in the case treated with radiosurgery. Conclusions: In our series surgery was found as the elective therapy for patients with glomus tumour of the temporal bone with no recurrences after 8 years of follow-up. Pre-operative embolization diminishes surgery time and intraoperative bleeding. Stereotaxic therapy cannot provide tumour growth control. Complications are discussed and compared with the bibliography.
Bell's palsy: Diagnosis and management; Bell's palsy is a peripheral palsy of the facial nerve that results in muscle weakness on one side of the face. Affected patients develop unilateral facial paralysis over one to three days with forehead involvement and no other neurologic abnormalities. Symptoms typically peak in the first week and then gradually resolve over three weeks to three months. Bell's palsy is more common in patients with diabetes, and although it can affect persons of any age, incidence peaks in the 40s. Bell's palsy has been traditionally defined as idiopathic; however, one possible etiology is infection with herpes simplex virus type 1. Laboratory evaluation, when indicated by history or risk factors, may include testing for diabetes mellitus and Lyme disease. A common short-term complication of Bell's palsy is incomplete eyelid closure with resultant dry eye. A less common long-term complication is permanent facial weakness with muscle contractures. Approximately 70 to 80 percent of patients will recover spontaneously; however, treatment with a seven-day course of acyclovir or valacyclovir and a tapering course of prednisone, initiated within three days of the onset of symptoms, is recommended to reduce the time to full recovery and increase the likelihood of complete recuperation. Copyright © 2007 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Solitary fibrous tumor of the buccal space: Treatment with percutaneous cryoablation; Solitary fibrous tumors are rare spindle cell neoplasms that typically occur in the thorax but have been described in various locations within the abdomen and head and neck region. The most common extrapleural site is the oral cavity, but these tumors have been also described in the orbit, nasopharynx, paranasal sinuses, salivary glands, and larynx.1-3 We describe a case of a solitary fibrous tumor of the buccal space successfully treated with percutaneous CT-guided cryoablation.
Cholera toxin, LT-I, LT-IIa and LT-IIb: The critical role of ganglioside binding in immunomodulation by Type I and Type II heat-labile enterotoxins; The heat-labile enterotoxins expressed by Vibrio cholerae (cholera toxin) and Escherichia coli (LT-I, LT-IIa and LT-IIb) are potent systemic and mucosal adjuvants. Coadministration of the enterotoxins with a foreign antigen produces an augmented immune response to that antigen. Although each enterotoxin has potent adjuvant properties, the means by which the enterotoxins induce various immune responses are distinctive for each adjuvant. Various mutants have been engineered to dissect the functions of the enterotoxins required for their adjuvanticity. The capacity to strongly bind to one or more specific ganglioside receptors appears to drive the distinctive immunomodulatory properties associated with each enterotoxin. Mutant enterotoxins with ablated or altered ganglioside-binding affinities have been employed to investigate the role of gangliosides in enterotoxin-dependent immunomodulation. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd.
Anaesthesia for middle ear surgery; Middle eardiseases requiring surgery include otitis media and otosclerosis. General anaesthesia for middle ear surgery requires attention to control of bleeding at the operative field, prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting, the effect of nitrous oxide on middle ear pressure, preservation of the facial nerve, patient positioning and prevention of hypothermia. These issues along with applied anatomy and surgical consideration are discussed in detail during the course of this article. © Copyright 2007 Rila Publications Ltd.
Prognosis for Bell's palsy: A comparison of diabetic and nondiabetic patients; Conclusion. The present study indicates that recovery from Bell's palsy in a diabetic group (DG) is delayed, and the facial movement score remains low in comparison with a nondiabetic group (NDG). More aggressive treatments, such as higher-dose corticosteroid administration and/or facial nerve decompression surgery, might be considered in diabetic patients with severe Bell's palsy. Objectives. The purpose of this study was to reveal prognostic differences for Bell's palsy in the DG and NDG. Patients and methods. The grades of facial palsy in 19 diabetic and 57 nondiabetic patients with Bell's palsy were assessed using the House-Brackmann grading system (HB system). Recovery was defined as grade I. The average of HB system grades and recovery rates were compared in the DG and NDG at the start of the treatment, and 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months after onset. Results. There were no differences in the HB system between the DG and NDG at the start of treatment and at 1 month after onset. However, facial movement in the DG was poorer than that in the NDG at 3 months and 6 months after onset. In terms of the recovery rate, the rate in the DG (52.6%) was much lower than that in the NDG (82.5%) at 6 months after onset. © 2007 Taylor & Francis.
Primary tumours of the facial nerve: Diagnostic and surgical treatment experience in Chinese PLA General Hospital; Conclusions. The commonest manifestation of facial nerve tumours was facial paralysis, followed by hearing loss. During tumour resection facial nerve continuity should be maintained and reconstructed in one stage wherever possible. If this is not a viable option, second-stage surgery should be performed as soon as possible after surgery. Objective. To summarize the clinical characteristics of tumours of the facial nerve and discuss their diagnosis and treatment. Patients and methods. Twenty-two cases of primary facial nerve tumours were reviewed. These cases were confirmed pathologically and treated in the Chinese PLA General Hospital during the period 1986-2003, where the clinical manifestations, diagnosis and treatment of this series were analysed. Results. Among the 22 cases, 14 were facial neurilemmomas, 6 were facial neurofibromas and 2 were facial nerve haemangiomas. The commonest presenting symptom in all cases was facial paralysis (14/22) followed by hearing loss (10/22). Facial paralysis was also the commonest sign of a facial nerve tumour (18/22), followed by a swollen mass in the tympanic cavity (8/22) and a swollen mass in the external auditory canal (5/22). The 22 tumours were totally resected surgically. The function of the facial nerve was normal (grade I) in two cases where the integrity of the nerve was preserved during the operation, grade II in one case and grade III in another case where it was possible to maintain partial continuity of the facial nerve. The facial nerve was reconstructed in one stage when the tumours were resected, with facial-great auricular-facial nerve cable grafting (10 cases) and facial-lateral femoral cutaneous-facial nerve cable grafting (1 case). The facial nerve function consequently recovered to grade II-IV. The second stage facial-hypoglossal nerve anastomosis was carried out in two cases, and facial function consequently recovered to grade II in one case at 3 years and grade III in another with 2 years follow-up. In five cases, the facial nerve remained discontinuous and the facial nerve function showed no recovery (grade VI). © 2007 Taylor & Francis.
Cardioembolic stroke followed by isolated celiac artery thromboembolism; A 78-year-old man with Parkinson's disease, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, and congestive heart failure was admitted to our hospital due to global aphasia and right-sided hemiparesis. A cardioembolic stroke from a left ventricular thrombus was diagnosed; several days later, anticoagulants were started. On the seventh day, the patient suddenly developed severe acidosis and kidney and liver dysfunction. He died the following afternoon. Autopsy revealed an isolated celiac artery embolism from the left ventricular thrombus. This is the first reported case of isolated celiac artery embolism occurring after acute ischemic stroke. © 2007 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
Design of quantified monitoring software for facial movement rehabilitation after facial neural palsy; Aim: Conventional rehabilitation evaluation cannot provide the objective data for analysis. In the whole therapy of facial palsy, monitoring software can periodically monitor the facial movement change of facial paralytics and create real-time evaluation archives for assistant diagnosis of facial neural palsy. Methods: The monitoring rehabilitation software of facial paralysis is developed independently under Visual Basic 6.0 environment. It can gather both video and photos at dynamic and static states. According to the symmetry of face and rules of facial movement, it chooses some feature points of five organs such as eyes, mouth and tongue to describe facial movement track, then compute the feature parameters, which include moving distance, speed, acceleration and slope of angulus oris or canthus. The software also creates an objective data archives for facial paralytic by the parameters selected in the process of moving. Results: The monitor software records measurement results, including moving distance, average speed, maximum speed, average acceleration, maximum acceleration and so on. The change trend of feature parameters during the process assists to diagnose the rehabilitation of facial neural palsy patients. Therefore, the monitoring software can offer an objective and simple analyzing tool for doctors to improve the treatment scheme. Conclusion: The monitor software is an innovation in the monitoring rehabilitation of the facial nerve function after facial neural palsy. It can replace the traditional rehabilitation evaluation methods that focus on the subjective evaluation, and reflect the rehabilitation of facial paralytics objectively.
Randomized clinical trial comparing partial parotidectomy versus superficial or total parotidectomy; Background: In recent decades the treatment of benign parotid tumours has shifted from superficial or total parotidectomy to partial parotidectomy. This study examined whether current surgical techniques improved functional outcomes after surgery for benign parotid tumours. Methods: One hundred and one patients were assigned randomly to conventional (49 patients) or function-preserving (52) surgery. The latter consisted of modified facelift incision, greater auricular nerve preservation, partial parotidectomy and coverage with parotid fascia. Results: The mean duration of operation was 0.7 h shorter and the overall complication rate significantly lower in the functional surgery group. In this group, more patients were satisfied with their scars and facial contours, the auricular nerve sensory recovery rate was high, and transient facial paralysis and Frey's syndrome were infrequent (12 and 6 per cent respectively). Stimulated salivary flow on the operated side decreased to 71.9 per cent after function-preserving surgery compared with 20.7 per cent after conventional operation. There was no tumour recurrence in either group during a mean follow-up of 48 months. Conclusion: Compared with conventional procedures, function-preserving surgery for benign parotid tumours improved cosmetic, sensory and salivary functions, and reduced the duration of surgery and operative morbidity. Copyright © 2007 British Journal of Surgery Society Ltd. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Spinal cord lesions of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in an acquired immunodeficiency syndrome patient; Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) is a deadly demyelinating disease of the central nervous system, which occurs in immunosuppressed individuals. This disease is caused by a reactivation of the polyomavirus JC (JCV). Clinical presentation can be variable from patient to patient as lesions can occur anywhere in the CNS white matter; however, they appear to spare the optic nerves and the spinal cord. The authors present a case of PML in the setting of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) who developed PML lesions in the spinal cord, discovered during the postmortem examination. This finding is significant because PML has recently been diagnosed in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) treated with the novel immunomodulatory medication natalizumab. Indeed, spinal cord lesions are frequent in MS. Therefore clinicians should be aware that in addition to the brain, PML may also affect the spinal cord white matter.
Neck contouring; The features of the aging neck combine accumulated submental fat, platysmal banding, and redundant skin in varying degrees. When these anatomic changes associated with aging are astutely appreciated by the surgeon and patient, safe and effective esthetic neck contouring surgery can be undertaken. The surgical armamentarium for neck contouring entails submental liposuction, platysmal plication, neck lift, and permutations thereof to achieve rejuvenation of the neck. Using adjuvant techniques in concert with accurate clinical diagnosis, careful patient selection, and skillful execution of surgical technique can effectively restore the appearance of the jaw line, cervicomental angle, and neck. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Anatomy of buccal and marginal mandibular branches of facial nerve and its clinical significance; OBJECTIVE: To study the course and distribution of buccal and marginal mandibular branches of facial nerve, and its relevance to the treatment of facial paralysis and the protection of facial nerve during surgery. METHODS: 12 cadaver heads were dissected (24 specimens). The course of the buccal and marginal mandibular branch and the interconnections between them were observed. The relationship of buccal branch to parotid duct, marginal mandibular branch to the inferior border of mandible were studied. With modified Sihler's staining technique, the distribution of facial nerve branches in innervated mimetic muscles was displayed. These anatomic relationships mentioned above were further confirmed during the operation of 40 patients with facial paralysis. RESULTS: Parotid duct had a constant surface landmark. Buccal branch mainly consisted of 2-3 ramifications in 87.5% of the specimens, while marginal mandibular branch was double or single in 95.9% of the specimens. The buccal branch coursed within the distance between 10.7 mm above and 9.3 mm below the parotid duct, and innervated mimetic muscles of midface. The marginal mandibular branch coursed within the distance between 13.4 mm above and 4.8 mm below the lower border of mandible, crossed superiorly the facial artery and innervated mimetic muscles of lower lip. CONCLUSIONS: There is a close relationship of buccal branch to parotid duct and marginal mandibular branch to facial artery and lower border of mandible. With modified Sihler's staining technique, the original 3-dimensional picture of the intramuscular nerve distribution in human mimetic muscles.
[Prevention of facial nerve paralysis induced by herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) in mouse and establishment of a relapse model induced by reactivation of latent HSV-1].; OBJECTIVE: To establish an animal model of Bell's palsy induced by the reactivation of latent herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1), and observe the effect of interferon and IgG on the facial nerve paralysis induced by HSV-1 infection. METHODS Totally 64 four-week-old female Balb/c mice weighted 16-18 gram were selected. Using scratching the surface of bilateral auricles by a 26-gauge needle, 25 microl HSV-1 with a titer of 6.7 x 10(8) PFU/ml was inoculated into the left auricle and the same volume of PBS was placed in the right in order to develop a mouse model of latent HSV-1. In this study, interferon and IgG administration were performed before and after facial nerve paralysis and continued for 3 days. Controls were given normal sodium instead of interferon and IgG, and the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis were compared in the groups interferon and IgG and control. Ciclosporin was given to the mice eight weeks after recovery from facial nerve paralysis caused by inoculation with HSV-1. The HSV-1 DNA in bilateral facial nerve and bilateral trigeminal ganglion after the treatment were examined with polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis. RESULTS There were 10 mice of facial nerve paralysis in the first group. The incidence of facial nerve paralysis was 50% and the duration of facial nerve paralysis was (7.2 +/- 2.2) days. There were 6 mice of facial nerve paralysis in the second group. The incidence of facial nerve paralysis was 30% and the duration of facial nerve paralysis was (4.5 +/- 1.8) days. There were 16 mice of facial nerve paralysis in the control group. The incidence of facial nerve paralysis was 67% and the duration of facial nerve paralysis was (8.9 +/-2.6) days. IgG didn't reduce the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis by statistics analysis (P > 0.05), but interferon reduced the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis (P < 0.05). After administration of ciclosporin, 3/28 of mice developed facial nerve paralysis. The HSV-1 DNA was detected from facial nerve of all the mice of facial palsy. No facial palsy was observed in mice in which no HSV-1 DNA was detected from facial nerve. CONCLUSIONS: Facial nerve paralysis might be caused by reactivation of latent HSV-1, and the reactivation might be related with immunosuppression. Administration of interferon reduces the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis. Administration of IgG can't reduced the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis.
Adenoid cystic carcinoma of the parotid gland presenting as temporal bone neoplasm: A case report; Problem: Temporal bone tumours are rare head and neck cancers that may involve both the parotid and the neck. In cases with concomitant temporal bone and parotid tissue involvement, tumour origin determination can be challenging. A tumour with parotid and temporal bone involvement is usually of temporal origin. The tumour may also be a rare parotid neoplasm with intratemporal invasion through the facial nerve, such as adenoid cystic carcinoma. These are slow-growing, yet locally aggressive tumours marked by late-stage distant metastases. Case report: We describe a case of parotid adenoid cystic carcinoma invading the temporal bone via the facial nerve, presenting as primary temporal bone tumour with parotid tissue involvement. We emphasize the significance of intracranial involvement by perineural invasion. Conclusion: Tumours mimicking temporal bone neoplasms can originate from the parotid tissue and invade through the facial nerve. Preoperative fine needle biopsy evaluation is indispensable for malignancy type determination and surgical planning.
Self-inflicted oral trauma in a baby with Moebius syndrome.; Moebius syndrome (MS) is a rare disorder mainly characterized by bi- or unilateral palsy of the facial and abducens nerves. Among the various orofacial characteristics related to this syndrome, the following are pointed out, difficulty with sucking, tongue malformation, mandibular hypoplasia, saliva drooling, arched palate and micrognathia. In spite of the diversity of oral features described for these patients, self-inflicted oral trauma has not yet been reported. Therefore, the purposes of the present report were to describe an unusual case of a baby with Moebius syndrome who had a parafunctional habit that resulted in a persistent traumatic lesion of the lower lip, and discuss the treatment performed.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Ramsay Hunt syndrome consists of a facial palsy in combination with herpetic eruption of the external auditory meatus, with or without tinnitus, vertigo, and hypoacusis. We report a case of otic herpes zoster with facial palsy.
Early diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with bilateral facial paralysis and bilateral serous otitis media; Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is a multi-system disease characterized by granuloma formation and widespread necrotizing vasculitis. It classically presents with involvement of the upper and lower respiratory tracts and renal system. Facial nerve palsy and otologic manifestations have been reported during the course of the disease but it is extremely rare as the presenting features. In Literature only one case of bilateral facial palsy as presenting sign of WG is reported. The testing of anticytoplasmic antibodies versus neutrophil polymorphonucleate granules (c-ANCA) are highly specific for the diagnosis of WG, being positive in 97% of the cases. The early diagnosis and the timely medical treatment lead to high rates of remission of an otherwise lethal disease. A case of WG presenting with bilateral facial paralysis and bilateral serous otitis media is reported. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Transpetrosal approaches for meningiomas of the posterior aspect of the petrous bone. Results in 43 consecutive patients; Objective: To assess outcome following excision of meningiomas of the posterior aspect of the petrous bone through transpetrosal approaches. Material and method: We carried out a retrospective case-series study in a multidisciplinary tertiary care center on all patients who underwent meningiomas removal from January 1989 to September 2005. Surgical approaches were transpetrosal: widened retrolabyrinthine, translabyrinthine, transotic and transcochlear, occasionally combined with a subtemporal transtentorial approach. Epidemiology, symptoms, preoperative evaluation, surgery, postoperative complications and facial and auditory results were analyzed using standardized grading systems. The Desgeorges and Sterkers classification was used to assess tumor size and location. Results: Forty women and three men underwent surgery (mean age: 56.7). Medium-sized tumors stages 2 and 3 (84%) and AM and P localization (34% and 20.4%) predominated. In 65% of cases, the tumor extended beyond the CPA. Main presenting symptoms were balance disorders (72%) and sensorineural hearing loss (53.5%). Mortality was nil. A preoperative facial nerve paresis was present in 14% of patients. Tumor removal was complete in 79.1% of cases. At 1-year post-op, 73% of patients had a normal or subnormal facial function and 55% had serviceable hearing. A cerebrospinal fluid leakage occurred in 6.9%. Discussion: Posteriorly attached meningiomas are less symptomatic and of better prognosis than medially inserted ones. Transpetrosal approaches are reliable for the removal for all types and sizes of such tumors, and can be easily combined in the same procedure with a subtemporal transtentorial approach to remove extensions to the clivus and tentorium. They offer low morbidity and a high proportion of facial nerve and hearing preservation. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Delayed vestibular evoked responses to the eyes and neck in a patient with an isolated brainstem lesion; Objective: Two recently described tests of the vestibular system, vestibular evoked myogenic potentials (VEMPs) and ocular vestibular evoked myogenic potentials (OVEMPs), test the descending and ascending vestibular brainstem pathways, respectively. We describe a case of a patient in whom these investigations localised the lesion and suggested its nature. Methods: VEMPs (to clicks and short duration galvanic stimulation) and OVEMPs (to clicks) were recorded. Results: Click- and galvanic-evoked VEMPs were delayed on the left side (by ∼5-6 ms), and click-evoked OVEMPs were similarly delayed (by ∼4 ms) following left-sided stimulation. Repeat testing 21 months later showed partial resolution. Conclusions: The observed delays in evoked potentials suggested a demyelinating lesion. Furthermore, the similarity in delayed responses to neck and extraocular muscles was suggestive of a lesion at the root entry zone of the vestibulocochlear nerve. Significance: VEMPs and OVEMPS may thus provide information about the location and nature of lesions affecting central vestibular pathways. © 2007 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Isolated neurosarcoidosis presenting as headache and multiple brain and spinal cord lesions mimicking central nervous system metastases; Sarcoidosis is uncommon in children. Although isolated neurosarcoidosis has been seen in 15% adults with sarcoidosis, pediatric neurosarcoidosis is rarely reported. Neurosarcoidosis may present with cranial neuropathy, including facial palsy, optic nerve or other cranial nerve involvement, peripheral neuropathy, or manifestations of the central nervous system affecting the hypothalamus, pituitary gland, cerebral cortex, cerebellum, meninges, and spinal cord. The useful diagnostic investigations include magnetic resonance imaging of the brain and spinal cord, cerebrospinal fluid studies, brain and meningeal biopsy if feasible, chest radiography to reveal sarcoidosis, angiotensin-converting enzyme level in the serum or cerebrospinal fluid, and Kveim test when available. We herein report a case of isolated brain biopsy-confirmed neurosarcoidosis in a 17-year-old boy presenting with severe unilateral headache and multiple brain and spinal cord MRI lesions mimicking central nervous system metastases. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Early diagnosis of rhinocerebral mucormycosis by cerebrospinal fluid analysis and determination of 16s rRNA gene sequence; A 40-year-old diabetic woman was diagnosed with rhinocerebral mucormycosis. Cerebral mucormycosis is an acute life-threatening disease, which is caused by fungi of the class Phycomycetae. Clinical suspicion and detection of the fungal hyphae in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) led to early diagnosis, subsequently confirmed by immunohistochemistry and molecular analysis of fungal RNA. Early infiltration of the infectious agent into the central nervous system resulted in septic thrombosis of the cavernous sinus, mycotic meningoencephalitis, brain infarctions as well as intracerebral and subarachnoidal hemorrhages. Despite immediate high-dose antimycotic treatment, surgical debridement of necrotic tissue, and control of diabetes as a predisposing factor, the woman died 2 weeks after admission. Although fungal organisms are rarely detectable in CSF specimens from patients with mycotic infections of the central nervous system, comprehensive CSF examination is beneficial in the diagnosis of rhinocerebral mucormycosis. Furthermore, a concerted team approach, systemic antifungal agents and early surgical intervention seem to be crucial for preventing rapid disease progression. © 2007 EFNS.
Partial (one-third) side-to-end hypoglossal-facial anastomosis ensures facial reanimation without tongue dysfunction; Recently, side-to-end hypoglossal-facial anastomosis has been advocated for the treatment of facial nerve paralysis after neurosurgical interventions. However, the treatment of the donor hypoglossal nerve at neurorrhaphy varies from "pure" without epineurial removal to one-half cross-sectional incision. We evaluate the optimal treatment of the donor hypoglossal nerve for side-to-end anastomosis. Two patients with facial nerve paralysis after cerebellopontine tumor removal were treated by partial (one-third) side-to-end hypoglossal-facial anastomosis. Both patients showed facial reanimation without tongue dysfunction. One-third resection of the hypoglossal nerve for partial side-to-end anastomosis is optimal to ensure satisfactory recovery of facial nerve function without hemihypoglossal disturbance. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Cheilitis granulomatosa and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Evaluation of gastrointestinal involvement and therapeutic regimens in a series of 14 patients; Background: Cheilitis granulomatosa and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome are both rare and benign diseases. Because of their granulomatous character, a relationship to Crohn's disease has been suggested. Furthermore, because of their unknown aetiology, treatment is difficult, and evaluation of response is hampered by the natural tendency to spontaneous resolution and recurrence. Objectives and methods: To evaluate gastrointestinal involvement by clinical history, conventional endoscopy, and capsule endoscopy as well as to compare efficacy of treatment modalities on a series of 14 patients, one of the biggest collectives reported. Results: Four patients (4 of 14) were previously, simultaneously, or subsequently diagnosed with Crohn's disease. In six patients (6 of 14) with minor gastrointestinal symptoms as flatulence, occasional constipation, diarrhoea, or admixture of mucus with the stool, we could not detect any signs of inflammatory bowel disease by capsule endoscopy. Nine patients received clofazimine, and eight patients responded to treatment (four complete responses, four partial responses). Two patients were successfully treated with infliximab. Systemic methylprednisone was not successful in two patients. Conclusion: Close to 30% of patients showed an association of cheilitis granulomatosa and Crohn's disease. Forty-three per cent of patients reported minor gastrointestinal irregularities without any detectable changes of Crohn's disease. Clofazimine seems to be an effective treatment, although long-term application is necessary with frequent aggravation in the beginning. Infliximab, an effective drug in Crohn's disease, could be a promising treatment option for severe cases. © 2007 The Authors Journal compilation © 2007 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Amlodipine-induced bilateral upper extremity edema; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of bilateral upper extremity edema associated with amlodipine use in a child. CASE SUMMARY: A previously well and normotensive 6-year-old girl presented with a generalized vasculitis of unknown origin and severe hypertension. Large vessels predominantly affecting the neck, chest, and abdomen were found to be involved, resulting in abnormal arterial circulation and significant blood pressure differences between the upper and lower extremities. Multiple antihypertensive agents were initially required to control blood pressure. She was stabilized and discharged on amlodipine 10 mg each evening, atenolol 50 mg/day, and warfarin. Three days later she was noted to have facial and bilateral upper extremity pitting edema. Laboratory and radiologic assessments for possible etiologies were negative. Discontinuation of amlodipine resulted in resolution of edema. DISCUSSION: As of June 2007, there had been no cases of bilateral upper extremity edema associated with amlodipine use reported in the English literature. Adverse effects of amlodipine, a widely used antihypertensive, have been well reported. These include flushing, headache, and peripheral edema. Lower limb edema is the most common, while periocular and perioral edema have occurred less frequently. Anasarca edema has been described only once in the English literature. According to the Naranjo probability scale, amlodipine was a probable cause of bilateral upper extremity edema in this child. CONCLUSIONS: Bilateral upper extremity edema has been associated with amlodipine use in a child with an abnormal arterial circulation. The edema resolved upon discontinuation of the drug.
Necrotizing external otitis: A report of 46 cases; OBJECTIVES: To define germs involved, clinical presentation, treatment regimen, and prognostic factors in necrotizing external otitis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Retrospective study reviewing a series of 46 patients treated during 10 years in a tertiary care center. Diagnosis was confirmed by using otomicroscopy, computed tomographic and/or magnetic resonance imaging scan and bone scintigraphy (Te 99 and Ga 26 bone scan). Patients were provided ceftazidime and ciprofloxacin intravenously and monitored using a Ga-67 bone scan. The following were assessed: presenting symptoms, general context, bacteriological analysis, imaging protocol sensitivity, complications, delay to healing, and cure rate. RESULTS: Sex ratio was 2.29 (mean age, 73.6 yr). The most common presenting symptoms were otalgia and otorrhea in 97.8 and 91.3%, respectively. Facial paralysis was present in 19.6% of cases. Thirty patients had diabetes mellitus (65.2%), and 8 were immunocompromised (17.4%). Pseudomonas aeruginosa was isolated in 69.2% of cases and was resistant to ciprofloxacin in 18.5%, but was susceptible to ceftazidime in all cases. Four patients died during the treatment (4.4%), but only 2 of disease. The mean delay to healing was 14 weeks (SD, 9.7). Healing rate was 95.6%. No relapse was observed after a mean follow-up of 78.4 weeks (SD, 36.5 wks). Two factors significantly influenced the prognosis: facial paralysis and existence of systemic factors for immune deficiency (p = 0.023 and 0.038, respectively). CONCLUSION: The association of ciprofloxacin and ceftazidime was efficient in countering the increasing resistance of P. aeruginosa to quinolones. We propose a prognostic classification of necrotizing external otitis based on the presence of facial paralysis and/or systemic factors. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Mid-Aortic Syndrome and Renovascular Hypertension in a 14-Year-Old Iraqi Girl: Pitfalls in Diagnosis and Surgical Management; Mid-aortic syndrome remains an uncommon cause of hypertension in the pediatric population. Reported management options include percutaneous intervention, medical management, renal autotransplantation, and bypass of diseased portions of the aorta with prosthetic or autologous conduits. We report a case of a 14-year-old Iraqi female with mid-aortic syndrome, confirmed by both computed tomographic angiography and magnetic resonance angiography. The patient underwent a successful aorto-aortic, aorto-mesenteric, and aorto-birenal artery bypass with a polytetrafluoroethylene graft. Optimal management for this condition is surgical bypass. © 2007 Annals of Vascular Surgery Inc.
Adverse reactions after nonablative radiofrequency: Follow-up of 290 patients; Background: Monopolar radiofrequency has been Food and Drug Administration approved for the noninvasive treatment of periorbital rhytides and wrinkles in 2002 and for full-face treatment in 2004. In order to establish the degree of side effects in our practice, a retrospective review was done. Observations: Seven hundred fifty-seven treatments of nonablative monopolar radiofrequency were done on 290 patients. Two hundred sixty-four patients were women (91%), and 26 were men (9%). Two hundred fifty-nine of these patients were treated for facial lifts. Patients were treated with an average energy setting of 81 J/cm2. Treatments were all done with a 1-cm2 tip that gives a 2.3-s pulse, and 11.49% of treatments were particularly painful for the patient. The appearance of second-degree burns occurred in 2.7% of the treatment sessions. Other less frequent adverse reactions were persistent erythema (1.22%), headache, scarring, edema, fat atrophy, burn in the return pad site, neuralgia, and facial palsy. The occurrence of facial palsy might be a coincidence. Conclusions: In comparison with other studies, we have found a very low incidence of posttreatment erythema and edema. On the other hand, the incidence of second-degree burns is somewhat higher. This might be due to the fact that in other studies higher energy settings have been used but without overlapping pulses. Monopolar radiofrequency is a safe method of treating the skin of the face and neck, and it should be done at moderated energy settings with no immediate overlapping in order to avoid overheating and undesirable side effects. © 2007 Blackwell Publishing.
Parotid abscess: A five-year review - Clinical presentation, diagnosis and management; Parotid abscess is an uncommon complication of suppurative infection of the parotid gland parenchyma, commonly bacterial or viral. Ductal ectasis, primary parenchymal involvement, or infection of the intraparotid or periparotid lymph nodes can result in abscess formation. Parotid abscess may arise from ductal ectasis, primary parenchymal involvement, or infection of the subcapsular lymph nodes. The operative records for all the patients who underwent surgeries in the Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery of the National University Hospital, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between January 2001 and December 2005 were retrospectively reviewed. Our case series comprises 15 patients, with 10 males and five females with a median age at presentation of 51 years old. Diabetes mellitus is a significant comorbid factor, with six patients being diabetics. Among the diabetics, two patients presented with facial nerve palsy and one of them also died due to overwhelming septicaemia. Here, we discuss the presenting symptoms, predisposing factors, investigations, microbiology and complications of this condition. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Surgical treatment of chronic parotid sialadenitis; Objective: To review the results of surgical management of chronic parotid sialadenitis refractory to medical therapy, with particular respect to long-term symptom resolution and development of post-operative complications. Methods: A retrospective review of parotidectomies performed for chronic intractable parotid sialadenitis. Information was collected about presentation, pre-operative investigations, surgical treatment, post-operative complications and outcome. Results: 36 parotidectomies were performed for chronic sialadenitis between 1991 and 2002. Age at presentation was 56±9.6 years, with median symptom duration of 2.3 years. For patients with non-specific presentations, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was the most useful pre-operative investigation. Superficial parotidectomy with duct preservation was the main treatment with a 94 per cent success rate, and near-total parotidectomy was reserved for patients with extensive deep-lobe involvement. Duct ligation significantly increased the risk of transient facial palsy. There was a 56 per cent and 22 per cent incidence of temporary facial paresis and Frey's syndrome, respectively. Conclusions: Controversies exist regarding the optimal pre-operative investigation and surgical treatment of chronic parotid sialadenitis. We advocate magnetic resonance image (MRI) scanning for patients with non-specific symptoms of sialadenitis, and sialography in the presence of reasonable clinical suspicion. We propose superficial parotidectomy without parotid duct ligation as the standard of care, with near-total parotidectomy reserved for extensive deep-lobe disease. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Presentation of Garcin syndrome due to lung cancer; Garcin syndrome consists of unilateral palsies of almost all cranial nerves without either sensory or motor long-tract disturbances and without intracranial hypertension, and it is caused by a malignant osteoclastic lesion at the skull base. A 60-year-old woman presented with dizziness and left facial palsy. Progressive left cranial nerve palsies developed over 2 months until gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging of the brain revealed an intracranial extension of a tumor from the left skull base. A systemic survey revealed adenocarcinoma of the lung, which had metastasized along the skull base. We experienced a rare case of Garcin syndrome due to skull base metastases from lung cancer. © 2007International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer.
Radiation necrosis of the brain after radiosurgery for vestibular schwannoma; Objective: The objective of this study was to obtain a better understanding of radiation-induced brain necrosis after stereotactic radiation therapy for vestibular schwannomas. Study design: We conducted a retrospective case analysis. Setting: The study took place at a tertiary referral center. Patients: We report on the case of a patient treated with stereotactic radiation who developed radiation-induced necrosis of the ipsilateral temporal lobe. Intervention: The various interventions in patients with radiation-induced necrosis include steroid treatment, decompression, and hyperbaric oxygen therapy; these are discussed briefly in this article. Owing to the limited symptoms in our patient, she was observed. Main outcome measure: The outcome measure that we evaluated was radiation-induced necrosis of the brain after stereotactic radiation therapy for a vestibular schwannoma. Results: Patients who undergo stereotactic radiation therapy for vestibular schwannomas are at risk for radiation-induced brain necrosis. Conclusion: We support the development of a national database that would track the long-term complications of stereotactic radiation therapy to help patients make a more informed decision for the treatment of their vestibular schwannomas. © 2007.
Botulinum toxin in facial palsy: An effective treatment for contralateral hyperkinesis; BACKGROUND: The treatment of facial paralysis aims to recover symmetry in both static and dynamic states, which are seriously affected by the progressive contralateral hyperkinesis. Botulinum toxin may be used to reduce facial asymmetry in patients suffering from facial paralysis. METHODS: Eighteen patients (12 female and six male patients) with facial palsy and contralateral hyperkinesis were injected with 112.5 units (0.9 ml) of Dysport (botulinum toxin type A) distributed evenly in the muscles of the perioral area. The patients were examined at 14, 28, 42, 56, 90, 150, and 180 days after the injection. Patients evaluated the degree of improvement at each time point. In addition, three evaluators made static (relaxed state) and dynamic (maximum contraction while smiling) assessments using a series of measurements obtained with a digital caliper, and the mean was used as the reference value. RESULTS: The quantitative analysis demonstrated a significant reduction in hyperkinesis that lasted approximately 180 days. There was a significant or moderate improvement in most of the cases. All of the patients were very satisfied with the treatment. Adverse events were short-lived (mainly during the first 15 days) and related to difficulty in drinking without liquid loss (nine of 18) and difficulty in chewing without food loss (three of 18). CONCLUSION: Injection of botulinum toxin was effective in reducing muscular hyperkinesis in the hemiface opposite that affected by facial paralysis, with mild and short-term side effects. ©2007American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Safety and efficacy of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation performed with limited intraoperative mapping for treatment of Parkinson's disease; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to establish the safety and efficacy of bilateral subthalamic nucleus (STN) deep brain stimulation (DBS) in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients with disabling motor fluctuations performed with an expedient procedure with limited intraoperative mapping. METHODS: Bilateral STN DBS systems were implanted in 110 PD patients. Targeting of STN was achieved with T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging guidance and a stereotactic navigation system confirmed by limited electrophysiological mapping. The safety of the procedure was analyzed in all 110 patients. The efficacy of the procedure was assessed in the practically-defined off medication state in the 72 patients who underwent evaluations 3 to 12 months after electrode implantation. RESULTS: Adverse effects were infrequent and transient with no incidence of death, hemiparesis, or seizure. In the 72 patients, STN DBS reduced total Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale motor scores at the time of the follow-up evaluation by 47% from 43.4 ± 16.1 with stimulators off to 22.8 ± 11.6 with stimulators on (P < 0.001). The changes in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale motor subscores improved as follows: rest tremor, 74% (P < 0.001); rigidity, 58% (P < 0.001); bradykinesia, 37% (P < 0.001); pull test, 35% (P < 0.001); gait, 44% (P < 0.001); axial signs, 42% (P < 0.001); and speech, 13% (P = 0.002). The prescribed total daily levodopa-equivalent dose decreased 45 ± 32%. We averaged 1.3 ± 0.9 electrodes passes per lead implantation. The mean operating time from the mounting of the stereotactic frame to its removal was 5 hours 42 minutes (median, 5 h 25 min; standard deviation, 1 h 12 min). CONCLUSION: This STN DBS surgical technique for PD is expedient with effective outcomes and low complication rates. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
TNF-α inhibition as a treatment strategy for neurodegenerative disorders: New drug candidates and targets; As the average ages of North Americans and Europeans continue to rise; similarly the incidence of "old age" associated illnesses likewise increases. Most notably among these ailments are conditions linked to dementia-related neurodegenerative disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease (AD), Parkinson's disease (PD) and stroke. While in the early stages, these conditions are associated with cellular dysfunction in distinctly different brain regions, thus affecting different neuronal cell types; it is most likely that the final stages share similar cellular and molecular processes leading to neuronal death and ultimately overt clinical symptoms. In this regard, different environmental and genetic triggers ranging from head trauma to protein mutations and toxicological exposure may instigate a cascade of intracellular events that ultimately lead to neuronal death. One strong candidate trigger protein, and thus a potential target for therapeutic manipulation is the potent pro-inflammatory / pro-apoptotic cytokine, tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α). TNF-α is secreted by the brain resident marcophage (the microglial cell) in response to various stimuli. It has been demonstrated to play a major role in central nervous system (CNS) neuroinflammation-mediated cell death in AD, PD and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) as well as several other CNS complications. Recently, agents that modulate the levels of circulating peripheral TNF-α protein have been shown to be worthwhile therapeutic agents with the use of Enbrel (Etanercept) and Remicade (Infliximab), both of which display beneficial properties against rheumatoid arthritis and other peripheral inflammatory diseases. Unfortunately, these agents are largely unable to penetrate the blood-brain barrier, which severely limits their use in the setting of neuroinflammation in the CNS. However, thalidomide, a small molecule drug, can inhibit TNF-α protein synthesis and, unlike larger molecules, is readily capable of crossing the blood-brain barrier. Thus thalidomide and its analogs are excellent candidate agents for use in determining the potential value of anti-TNF-α therapies in a variety of diseases underpinned by inflammation within the nervous system. Consequently, we have chosen to discuss the relevance of unregulated TNF-α expression in illnesses of the CNS and, to an extent, the peripheral nervous system. Additionally, we consider the utilization of thalidomide-derived agents as anti-TNF-α therapeutics in the setting of neuroinflammation. ©2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Corneal astigmatism with upper eyelid gold weight implantation using the combined high pretarsal and levator fixation technique; PURPOSE: To evaluate corneal astigmatism with the combined high pretarsal and levator fixation gold weight implantation technique. METHODS: Twenty-one eyelids of 21 patients with facial nerve palsy were prospectively enrolled. All patients underwent upper eyelid gold weight implantation using the combined high pretarsal and levator fixation technique. Keratometry and automated refraction were performed preoperatively and postoperatively. Five patients were excluded from final analysis because of incomplete keratometry data. The data were analyzed looking for statistically significant changes in lagophthalmos, automated refraction, and keratometry. RESULTS: A statistically significant improvement in lagophthalmos with spontaneous blinking (p = 0.0014), and gentle (p = 0.0016) and forced (p = 0.0027) closure was noted postoperatively. No significant differences were found when comparing preoperative and postoperative automated refraction readings (p = 0.89, p = 0.88), automated refraction axis (p = 0.71), keratometry readings (p = 0.40, p = 0.77), or keratometry axis (p = 0.63). CONCLUSIONS: Implantation of a gold weight in the upper eyelid with the combined high pretarsal and levator fixation technique does not appear to cause a significant change in corneal astigmatism. This is contrary to data for pretarsal gold weight implantation, which does induce significant with-the-rule corneal astigmatism. ©2007The American Society of Opthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Inc.
Eyebrow asymmetry: Definition and symmetrical correction using botulinum toxin A; Background: Some degree of eyebrow asymmetry is present in many patients who request periorbital rejuvenation, although patients are often unaware of minor asymmetries. There are few parameters for defining eyebrow asymmetry and its incidence in otherwise healthy patients in the literature. Objective: We investigated whether bilateral, symmetric chemodenervation of the primary depressors and elevators of the eyebrows results in a symmetrical standstill of the eyebrows in a neutral position. Methods: Measurements of brow height taken in 683 patients who requested reduction of facial rhytids revealed that the minimal amount of asymmetry noticeable to the patients was 2 mm. Between 2002 and 2005, we performed botulinum toxin A injections in a group of 115 patients with eyebrow asymmetry of more than 2 mm who requested aesthetic periorbital rejuvenation; patients with trauma, facial palsy, or previous surgery in the periorbital area were excluded. A total of 30 to 45 units of Botox (Allergan, Irvine, CA) were injected in all patients bilaterally and symmetrically to both brow regions, regardless of their brow height measurements. Results: All 115 patients completed the study. Mean pretreatment brow height was 18.59 mm at the right lateral canthus and 18.55 mm at the left lateral canthus. After treatment, the mean brow height was 21.91 mm on the right site and 21.89 mm on the left site. The decrease in discrepancy between the right and left brow heights resulting from symmetrical Botox treatment was statistically significant (P < .01). In 83 of 115 patients (72.1%), treatment was successful, with success defined as posttreatment asymmetry of either 0 or 1 mm. Conclusions: We propose that bilateral chemodenervation of the primary depressors and elevators of the eyebrows can result in a symmetrical standstill of the eyebrows in the neutral position. The treatment is easy to administer and involves few complications. © 2007 American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery, Inc.
Reconstructive application of the endotine suspension devices; Objective: To illustrate the potential reconstructive opportunities that the Endotine suspension devices can provide for patients with soft tissue ptosis secondary to facial nerve dysfunction, posttraumatic deformity, and postablative deformity. Methods: A review was performed of 23 Endotine midface and eyebrow suspension devices in 10 patients with facial nerve sacrifice, facial trauma, or tumor extirpation. Results: A total of 12 midface and 11 eyebrow suspension devices were used in 10 patients. All patients had improvement in soft tissue support and contour. The mean follow-up time was 10 months (range, 1-24 months). No major complications were noted. One patient had recurrent cellulitis secondary to maxillary sinusitis, and another had recurrent cellulitis that responded to treatment with intravenous antibiotics. The Endotine midface device was resistant to infection and did not require removal in either case. One patient requested revision surgery for resuspension of the eyebrow. Conclusions: The Endotine midface and eyebrow suspension devices have been shown to be excellent methods of fixation in cosmetic eyebrow-lifts and midfacelifts. We have demonstrated that the Endotine device may be a good reconstructive option for patients with soft tissue ptosis in a multitude of scenarios.
Long-term neurological and functional outcome in Nipah virus infection; Objective: Nipah virus (NiV) is an emerging zoonosis. Central nervous system disease frequently results in high case-fatality. Long-term neurological assessments of survivors are limited. We assessed long-term neurologic and functional outcomes of 22 patients surviving NiV illness in Bangladesh. Methods: During August 2005 and May 2006, we administered a questionnaire on persistent symptoms and functional difficulties to 22 previously identified NiV infection survivors. We performed neurologic evaluations and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Results: Twelve (55%) subjects were male; median age was 14.5 years (range 6-50). Seventeen (77%) survived encephalitis, and 5 survived febrile illness. All but 1 subject had disabling fatigue, with a median duration of 5 months (range, 8 days-8 months). Seven encephalitis patients (32% overall), but none with febrile illness had persistent neurologic dysfunction, including static encephalopathy (n = 4), ocular motor palsies (2), cervical dystonia (2), focal weakness (2), and facial paralysis (1). Four cases had delayed-onset neurologic abnormalities months after acute illness. Behavioral abnormalities were reported by caregivers of over 50% of subjects under age 16. MRI abnormalities were present in 15, and included multifocal hyperintensities, cerebral atrophy, and confluent cortical and subcortical signal changes. Interpretation: Although delayed progression to neurologic illness following Nipah fever was not observed, persistent fatigue and functional impairment was frequent. Neurologic sequelae were frequent following Nipah encephalitis. Neurologic dysfunction may persist for years after acute infection, and new neurologic dysfunction may develop after acute illness. Survivors of NiV infection may experience substantial long-term neurologic and functional morbidity. © 2007 American Neurological Association.
Transformation of a pituitary macroadenoma into to a corticotropin-secreting carcinoma over 16 years.; OBJECTIVE: To describe a case of a pituitary macroadenoma that differentiated into a corticotropin (ACTH)-secreting carcinoma with metastasis to the thigh. METHODS: We present a case report with a 16-year follow-up that includes anatomic and endocrine documentation of the history of an ACTH-secreting carcinoma. RESULTS: A 32-year-old woman presented for evaluation in 1989 because of visual field defects. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed a locally invasive 3-cm macroadenoma. She had no clinical signs of cortisol excess. The patient underwent surgical debulking followed by a course of radiation directed to the pituitary. Results from retrospective immunohistochemical staining with antibodies against ACTH, prolactin, and MIB-1 were negative. Postoperatively, she could not be weaned from exogenous steroids without developing symptoms of adrenal insufficiency. In 1995, she developed left facial palsy and diplopia caused by tumor growth. In 1997, the patient developed progressive symptoms of cortisol excess, which continued after exogenous steroid replacement was discontinued. The patient's clinical status continued to deteriorate because of local mass effect from tumor growth and uncontrolled hypercortisolism. She underwent bilateral adrenalectomy in 2003. The patient remained debilitated in a long-term care facility for 2 years when she was found to have a mass on her left hip. Biopsy results of the obturator muscle revealed metastatic tumor of neuroendocrine origin with strong reactivity to ACTH antibodies and MIB-1 labeling in 8% of tumor cell nuclei. CONCLUSION: A pituitary tumor can transform into an ACTH-secreting carcinoma in an indolent manner. Patients with invasive pituitary adenomas require long-term surveillance to monitor for differentiation into pituitary carcinoma.
Acute facial paralysis due to primary squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland; The incidence of primary squamous cell carcinoma in salivary gland tumours is rare. The first presenting symptom of a salivary gland tumour is usually a painless lump1. Acute facial paralysis is uncommon to be the initial presentation. This case report describes a patient of acute facial paralysis due to primary squamous cell carcinoma of parotid gland who was initially incorrectly labelled as a case of Bell's palsy. He was managed successfully with total parotidectomy, neck dissection, facial nerve sacrifice with immediate cable graft reconstruction and fascia lata sling followed by postoperative radiotherapy. The sacrifice of the extra-temporal part of the facial nerve in rare cases can be unavoidable during parotid resections for malignancy when the nerve is grossly involved by the tumour. It is important in this situation that some form of nerve repair and/or facial rejuvenation is undertaken to avoid the unpleasant sequele of facial paralysis2. His postoperative facial symmetry improved at rest and one year later he regained satisfactory eye closure and smile. Not all facial paralysis is Bell's palsy. All patients who are labelled as Idiopathic facial paralysis or Bell's palsy should have adequate clinical evaluation with detailed history and proper physical examination.
Lidloading in facial palsy; Various implants are used to treat paralytic lagophthalmos. Implantation of weights in the upper eyelid (lid loading) to close the lid by gravity is a very established procedure. If correctly performed, the advantages of the procedure include the complete closure of the eyelid without limiting the visual field, a technically simple operation, easy reversibility, and possible combination with other surgical lid corrections. Thus, this method is suitable for both irreversible and reversible facial nerve paralysis. Gold and platinum have, in the meantime, become the established implant material. Although both metals are suited for implantation in the upper eyelid, platinum tends to show better biocompatibility and has a higher density, in which a 10% volume reduction can be achieved compared to common gold implants. Currently available are industrially manufactured rigid gold and platinum implants and a chain made of a platinum-iridium alloy. Based on ultrasound examinations of the upper eyelid tarsus, the flexible chain was designed to ensure an optimal pretarsal fit. First studies indicate that the serious postoperative complications with rigid implants can be considerably reduced with flexible chain implants, although there are no long-term results at present. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Severe complications of herpes zoster; The usual presentation of herpes zoster is as a self-limiting vesicular rash, often accompanied by post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN), its most common complication. However, herpes zoster can give rise to other complications, many of which have unusual presentations and serious sequelae. The incidence and burden of many of these less common complications are poorly understood. Ocular complications of ophthalmic zoster are relatively frequent but, with early antiviral therapy, need not be sight-threatening. Delayed contralateral hemiparesis is a rare complication of ophthalmic zoster that may present as stroke, temporally remote from the zoster episode. Ramsay Hunt syndrome is caused by reactivation of varicella zoster virus (VZV) involving the facial nerve; facial paralysis, ear pain and vesicles in the ear are diagnostic. Facial paralysis in the absence of vesicles may indicate zoster sine herpete, which can be mistaken for Bell's palsy. Herpetic facial palsies may respond to combination therapy with an antiviral plus steroid, but further research is needed to determine the benefit of such treatments.
Development of solitary plasmacytoma in the internal auditory canal and inner ear after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for plasma cell leukemia; Here we report the first case of the development of intracranial solitary plasmacytoma in the inner ear after allogeneic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT) in a 39-year-old Japanese female with primary plasma cell leukemia (PCL). A point to note is that this is not a case on multiple myeloma but on PCL. She was successfully treated with local irradiation and survived more than 6 years from the time of diagnosis and transplantation. This case elucidates the biology of PCL and stresses the need for an individual approach to the clinical management of patients with plasma cell neoplasm undergoing allo-SCT. © 2007 Foundation for Promotion of Cancer Research.
A case of facial palsy as a initial sign of Wegener's granulomatosis; Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is a multi-system disease characterized by granuloma formation and necrotizing vasculitis. It typically involves the upper and lower respiratory tract and kidney. Otologic involvement may occasionally be the initial symptom of WG. A case report of WG was described, which first presented as facial nerve palsy. The combination of facial nerve palsy, sensorineural hearing loss and otitis media was unusual. We should raise suspicion. Early diagnosis is vital if unnecessary surgical exploration is to be avoided. The diagnosis of a WG is made clinically based on clinical findings, histologic confirmation and titres of cytoplasmic pattern antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (c-ANCA)/ Anti-proteinase 3 (Anti-PR3). Immunosuppressive therapy with steroids, cyclophosphamide (CTX) is required for relief. A delay in diagnosis may lead to devastating sequelae, such as facial nerve palsy and hearing loss. WG is a challenging disease for otorhinolaryngologist.
Cerebral vasospasm in shunt infection; Objective: In bacterial shunt infection, CNS inflammation is a frequently observed complication that may cause vascular complications including vasospasms. Here, we describe the first patient with shunt infection-induced cerebral vasospasms. Methods: A 35 year old woman with a ventriculoperitoneal shunt that was implanted years before developed facial nerve palsy and somnolence one week before admission to the hospital. Results: After admission, the shunt was removed, and an external ventricular drainage was inserted. Microbiological analyses revealed coagulase-negative Staphylococcus on abdominal and cranial catheters. Follow-up NMR showed infarctions. Transcranial doppler sonography and cerebral arteriography revealed severe generalized cerebral vasospasms. Inspite of triple-H therapy and intraarterial spasmolysis, bilateral anterior and media artery infarction evolved. The patient was dismissed in a vegetative state. Conclusions: This case shows that severe cerebral vasospasms are a serious complication in patients with bacterial shunt infection that should be considered in patients, that don't improve following adequate antibiotic treatment. © Humana Press Inc. 2007.
A case of Moebius syndrome presenting with congenital bilateral vocal cord paralysis; We describe a female infant with bilateral facial paralysis and abducens palsy. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of Moebius syndrome presenting with congenital bilateral vocal cord paralysis (CBVCP). Although CBVCP can be part of a recognizable syndrome, i.e. Down syndrome, 22q deletion syndrome, Robinow's syndrome and cerebro-oculo-facio-skeletal syndrome, no reports of Moebius syndrome with CBVCP were found in the literature. CBVCP is often associated with central nervous system abnormalities. However, our patient had no detectable brain abnormalities. The etiology of Moebius syndrome remains unknown. It is interesting that the clinical manifestations of Moebius syndrome can include CBVCP. However, the pathophysiology of CBVCP is unknown and further investigations into the etiology of Moebius syndrome are required. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Multilateral scrutiny of the Gülhane mastoidectomy; This study has been conducted in order to analyze the outcomes of a previously described technique for chronic otitis media surgery: the improved radical mastoidectomy with flap (formerly IRMF), which consisted of improved radical mastoidectomy (formerly IRM), inferiorly based fascioperiosteal flap and large meatoconchoplasty (Kahramanyol, Ear Nose Throat J 71:70-77, 1992; Kahramanyol et al., Ear Nose Throat J 79:524-526, 2000). The technique is hereafter referred as the Gülhane mastoidectomy. During a period of 22 consecutive years, 255 patients have been operated on and treated utilizing the technique mentioned above. Despite extensive otologic destruction and concomitant severe complications, the technique rendered impressive outcomes: the cavities became smaller over time and remained healthy, providing good life quality for the patients. Cholesteatoma recurrence was observed in but one patient. The outcomes confirm the value and usefulness of the technique. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
The role of recombinant insulin-like growth factor I in the treatment of the short child; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Commercial preparations of recombinant human insulin-like growth factor I became available in 2005. Off-label use has been promoted because of the paucity of patients having approved indications; I review the background and rationale for such use. RECENT FINDINGS: Attempts to identify growth hormone unresponsiveness in children with idiopathic short stature have been nonproductive. Treatment with insulin-like growth factor I for unequivocal growth hormone insensitivity improves but does not correct growth failure, in contrast to the typical experience with growth hormone replacement of growth hormone deficiency. This emphasizes the importance of direct effects of growth hormone at the growth plate, which cannot be duplicated by administration of recombinant insulin-like growth factor I. Adverse effects testify to the more than adequate delivery of administered recombinant human insulin-like growth factor I to other tissues, including lymphoid hyperplasia, coarsening of the facies, and increased body fat. SUMMARY: In view of the risk profile, the limited ability of endocrine insulin-like growth factor I to restore normal growth, and the suppression of endogenous growth hormone (and therefore local effects on growth) that occurs with insulin-like growth factor I administration, the use of recombinant insulin-like growth factor I should be limited to those with well-documented growth hormone unresponsiveness and severe short stature. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Cystic trochlear nerve schwannoma. Case report; Background: Twenty-six cases of pathologically verified schwannomas of the trochlear nerve have been reported in the literature. Five of them had a large cystic component and a smaller solid portion. Complex skull base approaches have been usually applied for their removal. Case Description: We report on a rare case of cystic trochlear schwannoma in a 52-year-old female patient. The patient presented with double vision, facial palsy, decreased hearing, hemiparesis on the right side, and severe gait instability. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed a 2.5-cm left-sided extra-axial lesion compressing the brain stem at the lower midbrain and upper pontine level. Total resection was performed via a retrosigmoid craniotomy. After the surgery, the neurological deficit diminished considerably. At 28 months follow-up, her only complaint was mild double vision when walking down the stairs and hypesthesia in the right half of her face. Conclusions: This case represents a rare pontomesencephalic lesion removed successfully via the simple retrosigmoid route. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The submental island flap in head and neck reconstruction; The authors describe their experience with the submental island flap for the primary correction of head and neck deformities following oncologic surgery, over the past 5 years. The use of this flap is reported in 12 patients, with a mean age of 67 years, requiring facial or intraoral reconstruction. A brief review of the key points and some refinements in the operative technique are discussed. The reconstruction of defects with a submental island flap was successful in every patient. Complications encountered were one case of temporary palsy of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve and one case of orocutaneous fistula. All the donor site defects were closed primarily. The submental island flap is an excellent choice for the reconstruction of head and neck defects because of its reliability, versatility, colour and texture match, and relative ease of application. © 2007 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Immediate Gore-Tex sling suspension for management of facial paralysis in head and neck extirpative surgery; Objective: We sought to evaluate the functional and aesthetic outcomes of immediate facial reconstruction with a Gore-Tex (expanded polytetrofluoroethylene) sling in irradiated patients undergoing large head and neck tumor extirpation with facial nerve resection. Study Design and Setting: We conducted a retrospective study of 17 patients at two academic institutions who underwent extirpative surgery with immediate Gore-Tex sling reconstruction and completed radiotherapy. Functional and aesthetic results were evaluated at three intervals. Results: All patients had excellent immediate results and good or excellent intermediate-term results. At long-term follow-up, results were good to excellent in 47% and unacceptable in 35% of patients. Conclusion: In irradiated patients undergoing total parotidectomy with immediate facial reconstruction using Gore-Tex slings, early results are excellent, but there is a high incidence of major wound complications and unacceptable results in long-term follow-up. Significance: There is a high rate of late complications associated with immediate facial reconstruction with Gore-Tex slings in irradiated patients. © 2007 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
Distraction osteogenesis in the pediatric population; Objectives: Distraction osteogenesis has been described routinely in the mandible for the advancement of bony segments. Complications, though infrequent, may include postoperative infection, implant extrusion, nonunion of the bony segments, device malfunction, cranial nerve paresis, and premature consolidation. Methods: Seventy-eight distractions of the mandible were performed over 10 years. The technique in placement of these internal microdistraction devices involves making intraoral and extraoral incisions and beginning distraction after a latency period of 3 days. Following this latency period, distraction occurs at 1 mm/day. Results: In this series of patients, distraction was accomplished successfully. There was a 2.6% rate of wound infection in this series; 2.6% also had bony nonunion; 3.8% had premature bony consolidation; and 3.8% had facial nerve complications. In the three patients with facial nerve paresis, we followed the facial nerve clinically and each paresis resolved within 6 months. Conclusions: Distraction of the mandible may be accomplished in the pediatric population. As with any intervention, inherent perioperative complications may still arise. © 2007 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
Duration of antibiotic treatment in disseminated Lyme borreliosis: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter clinical study; Despite rather strict recommendations for antibiotic treatment of disseminated Lyme borreliosis (LB), evidence-based studies on the duration of antibiotic treatment are scarce. The aim of this multicenter study was to determine whether initial treatment with intravenous ceftriaxone (CRO) for 3 weeks should be extended with a period of adjunct oral antibiotic therapy. A total of 152 consecutive patients with LB were randomized in a double-blind fashion to receive either amoxicillin (AMOX) 1 g or placebo (PBO) twice daily for 100 days. Both groups received an initial treatment of intravenous CRO 2 g daily for 3 weeks, followed by the randomized drug or PBO. The outcome was evaluated using the visual analogue scale at the follow-up visits. The final analysis included 145 patients, of whom 73 received AMOX and 72 PBO. Diagnoses of LB were categorized as either definite or possible, on the basis of symptoms, signs, and laboratory results. The diagnosis was definite in 52 of the 73 (71.2%) AMOX-treated patients and in 54 of the 72 (75%) PBO patients. Of the patients with definite diagnoses, 62 had neuroborreliosis, 45 arthritis or other musculoskeletal manifestations, and 4 other manifestations of LB. As judged by the visual analogue scale and patient records, the outcome after a 1-year follow-up period was excellent or good in 114 (78.6%) patients, controversial in 14 (9.7%) patients, and poor in 17 (11.7%) patients. In patients with definite LB, the outcome was excellent or good in 49 (92.5%) AMOX-treated patients and 47 (87.0%) PBO patients and poor in 3 (5.7%) AMOX-treated patients and 6 (11.1%) PBO patients (difference nonsignificant, p = 0.49). Twelve months after the end of intravenous antibiotic therapy, the levels of antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi were markedly decreased in 50% of the patients with definite LB in both groups. The results indicate that oral adjunct antibiotics are not justified in the treatment of patients with disseminated LB who initially receive intravenous CRO for 3 weeks. The clinical outcome cannot be evaluated at the completion of intravenous antibiotic treatment but rather 6-12 months afterwards. In patients with chronic post-treatment symptoms, persistent positive levels of antibodies do not seem to provide any useful information for further care of the patient. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Apophysomyces elegans causing acute otogenic cervicofacial zygomycosis involving salivary glands; Zygomycosis is an invasive, life threatening fungal infection that usually affects immunocompromised hosts. In the head and neck region, rhino-orbito-cerebral zygomycosis is more common than the cervicofacial variety. We report the first case of otogenic cervicofacial zygomycosis caused by Apophysomyces elegans involving the salivary glands, an uncommon site of infection. The case began after a trivial trauma in a diabetic patient and despite surgical debridement and liposomal amphotericin B therapy, the patient died due to extensive involvement and metabolic/hemodynamic complications.
Sarcoidosis of the nervous system; Although sarcoidosis is rarely confined to the nervous system, any neurological features that do occur frequently happen early in the course of the disease. The most common neurological presentation is with cranial neuropathies, but seizures, chronic meningitis and the effects of mass lesions are also frequent. The diagnostic process should first confirm nervous system involvement and then provide supportive evidence for the underlying disease; in the absence of any positive tissue biopsy, the most useful diagnostic tests are gadolinium enhanced MRI of the brain and CSF analysis, although both are non-specific. The mainstay of treatment is corticosteroids, but these often have to be combined with other immunosuppressants such as methotrexate, hydroxychloroquine or cyclophosphamide. There is increasing evidence that infliximab is a safe treatment with good steroid sparing capacity.
Facial palsy and fallopian canal expansion associated with idiopathic intracranial hypertension; OBJECTIVE: Describe neurotologic findings associated with idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective. SETTING: Tertiary referral center. PATIENTS: Case of IIH (>250 mm water) presenting with unilateral facial palsy and enlargement of the fallopian canal on computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. INTERVENTION(S): Oral acetazolamide, corticosteroids, and cerebrospinal fluid drainage. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Intracranial pressure measurement, cranial nerve examination, audiometry, and symptom assessment. RESULTS: Audiometry revealed asymmetric sensorineural hearing loss. Enlargement of the fallopian canal with cerebrospinal fluid was evident on imaging studies. Partial resolution of IIH symptoms was achieved. CONCLUSION: IIH is an enigmatic disease entity. Increased intracranial pressure usually presents with headache and pulsatile tinnitus and is occasionally associated with cranial neuropathies. Abducens palsy is most common, producing diplopia. Cranial nerve involvement is often asymmetric, producing false localizing signs. Facial paralysis is an uncommon sequela of IIH. Treatment of IIH consists of reducing intracranial pressure. Corticosteroids are recommended for treatment of facial paralysis. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Haemangiomas of the geniculate ganglion; About 60 cases have been published since Pulec first described hemangiomas of the geniculate ganglion. They usually cause facial weakness even when they are very small. In cases of insidious evolution of facial paralysis, MRI, and CT are very helpful to rule out these tumors. The treatment is based on complete surgical removal, although it has to be individualized, depending on preoperative facial function and the possibility of complete surgical removal with preservation of the facial nerve.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: A form of pseudoangioedema; Background: Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an unusual cause of facial swelling that can be confused with angioedema. Objective: To describe a young woman with facial swelling initially considered to be angioedema. Methods: A biopsy specimen of the eyelid demonstrated findings consistent with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Results: After reviewing the differential diagnosis of pseudoangioedema, a presumptive diagnosis of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome was made. The patient was successfully treated with infliximab for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Owing to medication adverse effects, infliximab treatment was discontinued. Treatment was then continued with adalimumab, with good effect and without adverse events. Conclusions: We report the case of a patient with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome presenting as angioedema. Furthermore, we report the first successful treatment of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with adalimumab.
Estimating the prognosis of peripheral facial paralysis : IIIIs the minimal nerve excitability test still up to date?; In this retrospective study, we assessed the long-term prognostic value of the minimal nerve excitability test (NET) by comparing the results it yielded with the House-Brackmann (HB) index in patients with the most common types of facial paralysis, Bell's palsy and traumatic facial palsy. Three hundred and fifty patients aged 9-85 years (mean age 42.4 years; 156 male and 194 female), all of whom were treated initially with the same steroid therapy, entered on study. Patients in whom decompression surgery had been performed were excluded so as to avoid falsely optimistic prognoses. The 350 study patients were divided into two groups: group 1 was made up of 250 with Bell's palsy and group 2, of 100 with nonpenetrating traumatic facial palsy following temporal bone fracture. The NET was conducted repeatedly in all patients for 3 weeks from the start of day 3 of treatment, the value recorded on day 14 being used in the evaluation. For each patient, the result of the NET was recorded as 'normal', 'diminished' or 'without response' according to the difference between the two sides of the face. The final HB grading was determined after 1 year to check for the agreement between the electrical prognosis and the clinical outcome and thus the reliability of the prognosis indicated by the NET. The results indicate that a normal NET forecast a satisfactory outcome that could be classed as HB I-II in almost all the patients in both groups. Among patients who had no response on NET, 85% of those with Bell's palsy and 90% of those with traumatic facial palsy failed to recover nerve function. Diminished nerve excitability proved to be a sign of a relatively favourable prognosis: 74% of patients in each group recovered normal facial function. The NET is a method of investigation that is easily applied and can make a positive contribution to the assessment of prognosis in Bell's palsy and in traumatic facial palsy, reflecting the functional state of the facial nerve reliably in most of cases. © 2006 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Lateral sinus thrombosis; We describe four cases of lateral sinus thrombosis secondary to otitis media. They presented with low-grade fever, headache, nausea, vomiting and ear discharge. One patient had facial nerve palsy. CT scan was helpful in managing these patients. They were treated with antibiotics followed by surgery. Two patients had intracranial abscesses and were treated accordingly.
A clinical study of Bell's palsy and factors influencing its prognosis; We encountered 185 patients with Bell's palsy at our hospital between January 2003 and December 2005. Of these patients, 60% visited our department within 3 days of the onset, and 90% within 7 days of the onset ; the interval from onset to hospital visit showed no relation with the severity of the paralysis, Complete recovery was obtained in 85.0% of the patients with steroid or steroid + antiviral treatment. Preservation of the stapedius reflex was a statistically significant predictor of good prognosis, with a high positive predictive value (95.5%). Several factors influencing the prognosis were examined with a Cox's proportional hazards model. The factors considered were the sex of the patients, left / right localization, age, postauricular pain, eye symptoms, taste disorder, underlying diabetes, the Yanagihara facial grading system score, and use of antiviral drugs. The analysis revealed only the Yanagihara score and antiviral drug use as statistically important, with hazard ratios of 1.101 and 1.586, respectively. Although this study had several limitations, steroid + antiviral treatment could yield a better prognosis as compared to steroid treatment alone.
A case of neurofibromatosis type 2 with 50-year follow-up report; Objective: To recognize the predisposing factors, clinical manifestations, diagnosis and treatment of neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF-2). Methods: A case of admitted NF-2 was followed up with clinical and radiological examinations for 50 years and related literatures were reviewed. The clinical and therapeutic processes of the case were summarized. Results: A 53 years old female patient with both sides vestibular nerve schwannomas but without family history was diagnosed as NF-2. She was diagnosed as right vestibular schwannoma when she was 34 years old, and received craniotomy. Due to tumor recurrence, she received γ-knife stereotactic radiosurgery later. When she was 42 years old, a left vestibular schwannoma was found and she received γ-knife treatment again. Tumor recurrence was not seen by radiological follow-up until now. The patient also had right trigeminal schwannoma, multiple meningiomas, meningioma peripheral nerve neurofibromas and extensive nervous system involvement. In recent 20 years, she received operations and γ-knife treatment for many times. The pathologic findings were vestibular nerve schwannoma, trigeminal schwannoma, transitional meningioma, fibrous meningioma, and neurofibroma. Although she suffered with right face hypoesthesia, right ear deafness, right peripheral facial paralysis and IV grade of muscle test on left limbs, she can still take care of herself completely. Conclusion: NF-2 is an autosomal dominant hereditary disease with poor prognosis. Early diagnosis and management of this disease is important for keeping hearing, survival and life quality.
A case of Rossolimo-Melkersson-Rosenthal disease; The article describes Rossolimo-Melkersson-Rosenthal disease (RMRD); historical background and the modern concept of its pathogenesis are presented in brief. The clinical picture of the disease is described in more detail; the variants of the course of the disease and the manifestations of the monosymptomatic, bisymptomatic, and triadic variants are presented. The article contains a clinical observation of a female patient aged 38, whose first symptoms developed at the age of 18 as facial neuritis and left mimic musculature paresis. With time, the patient developed all the three characteristic components of RMRD.
Induction of secretory immunity and memory at mucosal surfaces; Mucosal epithelia comprise an extensive vulnerable barrier which is reinforced by numerous innate defence mechanisms cooperating intimately with adaptive immunity. Local generation of secretory IgA (SIgA) constitutes the largest humoral immune system of the body. Secretory antibodies function both by performing antigen exclusion at mucosal surfaces and by virus and endotoxin neutralization within epithelial cells without causing tissue damage. SIgA is thus persistently containing commensal bacteria outside the epithelial barrier but can also target invasion of pathogens and penetration of harmful antigens. Resistance to toxin-producing bacteria such as Vibrio cholerae and enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli appears to depend largely on SIgA, and so does herd protection against horizontal faecal-oral spread of enteric pathogens under naïve or immunized conditions-with a substantial innate impact both on cross-reactivity and memory. Like natural infections, live mucosal vaccines or adequate combinations of non-replicating vaccines and mucosal adjuvants, give rise not only to SIgA antibodies but also to longstanding serum IgG and IgA responses. However, there is considerably disparity with regard to migration of memory/effector cells from mucosal inductive sites to secretory effector sites and systemic immune organs. Also, although immunological memory is generated after mucosal priming, this may be masked by a self-limiting response protecting the inductive lymphoid tissue in the gut. The intranasal route of vaccine application targeting nasopharynx-associated lymphoid tissue may be more advantageous for certain infections, but only if successful stimulation is achieved without the use of toxic adjuvants that might reach the central nervous system. The degree of protection obtained after mucosal vaccination ranges from reduction of symptoms to complete inhibition of re-infection. In this scenario, it is often difficult to determine the relative importance of SIgA versus serum antibodies, but infection models in knockout mice strongly support the notion that SIgA exerts a decisive role in protection and cross-protection against a variety of infectious agents. Nevertheless, relatively few mucosal vaccines have been approved for human use, and more basic work is needed in vaccine and adjuvant design, including particulate or live-vectored combinations. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Modern management of vestibular schwannomas.; Within the last 3 decades, microsurgery and stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) have become well-established management options for vestibular schwannomas (VSs). Advancement in the management of VSs can be separated into three periods: the microsurgical pioneer period, the demonstration of SRS as a first-line therapy for small and medium-sized VSs, and currently, a period of SRS maturity based on a large worldwide patient accrual. The Marseille SRS experience includes 1,500 patients, with 1,000 patients having follow-up longer than 3 years. A long-term tumor control rate of 97%, transient facial palsy lower than 1%, and a probability of functional hearing preservation between 50 and 95% was achieved in this large series of patients treated with state-of-the-art SRS.
Labial dystonia after facial and trigeminal neuropathy controlled with a maxillary splint; A 27-year-old woman with bruxism suffered a spider bite (Loxosceles rufescens) on the left cheek that caused severe local cellulitis, facial palsy, and painful hyperesthesia over the two lower trigeminal nerve divisions. Facial but not trigeminal neuropathy improved, and she developed a labial dystonia that only corrected while pressing the right medial incisor. A specially designed maxillary splint that continuously pressed it suppressed both dystonia and related spontaneous firing of motor unit potentials in electromyography. Overstimulation of the contralateral trigeminal territory possibly compensated for the altered left trigeminal nerve input, balanced proprioceptive influences at the central inhibitory-excitatory circuitry, and controlled dystonia. © 2007 Movement Disorder Society.
Isolated CNS Whipple disease: Acute onset and relapsing-remitting course; Isolated CNS Whipple disease (WD) carries a poor prognosis, particularly if untreated. We describe 2 patients with isolated CNS WD who presented unusually with an acute onset followed by a relapsing-remitting course. Neither was diagnosed with WD until they had had several relapses.
Repeated relapses of acute myelogenous leukemia in the isolated extramedullary sites following allogeneic bone marrow transplantations; Isolated extramedullary (EM) relapses of acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT) have been reported to be rare, and are usually followed by bone marrow relapses. We report a 49-year-old man with AML with the unfavorable chromosome abnormality 7q-, who was treated by allo-HSCT. Fifteen months after allo-HSCT, the patient initially developed a relapse only in his inguinal lymph nodes, and then bone marrow relapse became evident one month after the EM relapse. Subsequently, the patient received chemotherapy and a second allo-HSCT from another donor, but he suffered another relapse in different EM sites including the skin and central nervous system with a persistently normal marrow. This case is characterized by repeated relapses in isolated EM sites after allo-HSCT and suggests that the anti-leukemic effects of chemotherapy and/or graft-versus-leukemia effects in the EM sites might not be so uniformly effective as that in the marrow. Accordingly, we should be aware that AML relapses can occur repeatedly only in isolated EM sites post allo-HSCT, resulting in treatment failure and a poor prognosis. © 2007 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
Gold weight implantation: Premature and late complications; Purpose: To evaluate the indications, the results and the complications seen in the patients submitted to gold weight implantation to correct paralytic lagophthalmos. Methods: Charts of 20 patients with lagophthalmos secondary to facial nerve palsy of diverse etiologies, which were submitted to gold weight implantation in the upper eyelid of the affected side, were retrospectively examined. Results: The most frequent cause of paralytic lagophthalmos was acoustic neurinoma after surgery (40%). Early and late complications occurred in 40% of the implants. Four patients (20%) presented a local inflammatory reaction in the first 3 months after surgery. Two patients (10%) presented skin and orbicular muscle thinness over the gold weight 4 and 7 years after the implant, respectively. One patient (5%) presented gold weight displacement after 3 years and another patient (5%) had late gold weight extrusion after 10 years. Conclusions: In this series, the complication rate of gold weight implantation was high (40%). The complications were divided into early, possibly related to the material impurity and the late, due to the evolution of the facial nerve palsy that presented a decrease in muscle tonus.
Arachnoid cyst of the cerebellopontine angle associated with gliosis of the eighth cranial nerve; The clinical syndrome produced by a cyst in the cerebellopontine angle (CPA) may closely mimic that of an acoustic neuroma, with sensorineural hearing loss, impaired corneal reflex, and cerebellar signs with increased intracranial pressure. Facial palsy is seldom reported. Gliosis of the eighth nerve is common but its association with CPA arachnoid cyst is very rare and not previously reported. We report a patient with a CPA arachnoid cyst associated with gliosis of the eighth cranial nerve. He presented with right peripheral facial palsy, and gliosis of the eighth nerve was diagnosed intraoperatively. CPA arachnoid cysts should be included in the differential diagnosis of peripheral facial palsy and the eighth cranial nerve should be examined during the resection and fenestration of the arachnoid cyst. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cystic fibrosis presenting with bilateral facial palsy; A 15-week old male infant presented with bilateral lower motor neuron facial palsy of unknown cause. Subsequently his growth deteriorated and he developed progressively worsening cough and wheeze. A diagnosis of cystic fibrosis was confirmed and hypovitaminosis A detected. Improvement of the facial palsy was noted following standard management of cystic fibrosis including vitamin A supplementation. © 2007 European Paediatric Neurology Society.
Cerebellar pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma: case report and literature review; Background: PXA generally has histologic features characteristic of benign biological behavior, although malignant forms have been reported. This neoplasm has also been observed in atypical locations. Methods: The authors report a case of cerebellar PXA with rapid malignant transformation in a 58-year-old woman and review the rare presentations and atypical features of this tumor. Results: Among the "unusual" locations, the most frequent is the cerebellum with 15 cases having been described, 9 in adults, with an average age of 33 years. In contrast, supratentorial forms had a younger age profile (26 years). The time from onset of symptoms to diagnosis was approximately 5.3 months. PXA in the posterior fossa had a higher rate of solid enhancing tumor (9/14). Regarding histologic appearance, two thirds were composite lesions. Conclusions: The clinicopathologic features of cerebellar PXA show some differences from PXA located in the cerebral hemispheres. Recognizing the potential for PXA to present with unusual manifestations, regardless of location, has an obvious impact on the accuracy of diagnosis. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Should a new tuberculosis vaccine be administered intranasally?; Most of the world's population is vaccinated with the only available vaccine against tuberculosis (TB), the Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccine that was developed almost a century ago. Despite the wide coverage of the BCG vaccine, there are great variations in protective efficacy among different study populations. BCG vaccination protects against childhood forms of TB, but this immunity wanes with age, resulting in none, or insufficient, protection against adult pulmonary TB (PTB). PTB is the major disease manifestation of TB in adults and it causes death at the most productive age, further adding to poverty in already impoverished countries. Therefore, new more effective vaccines and novel immunisation strategies are urgently needed. The most common route of TB is by inhalation of tubercle bacilli leading to the establishment of a primary infection in the lung. Immunising through the nasal mucosal surface should therefore have advantage over other routes, as such vaccine administration elicits protective immune responses also in the lung, i.e. at the site of primary infection. Several new TB-vaccine candidates have been evaluated for their protective efficacy in animal models using the mucosal route of immunisation. In formulating such vaccines, the adjuvants and delivery systems are crucially important. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nerve sources for facial reanimation with muscle transplant in patients with unilateral facial palsy: Clinical analysis of 3 techniques; Ninety-one patients with long-standing unilateral facial palsy and submitted to reanimation of the face with muscle transplant were divided into 3 nonrandomized groups: group I: 2-stage facial reanimation, cross face followed by gracilis muscle transplant, 58 patients; group II: 1-stage reanimation with latissimus dorsi muscle transplant, 11 patients (a branch of the facial nerve on the nonparalyzed side of the face was used as the nerve source for reanimation in groups I and II); group III: 1-stage reanimation with gracilis muscle transplant and neural coaptation of the respective nerve and the ipsilateral masseteric branch of the trigeminal nerve, 22 patients. No microvascular complications were observed. The average interval between surgery and initial muscle contractions was 11.1 months, 7.2 months, and 3.7 months in group I, group II, and group III, respectively. The quality (intensity and shape) of the smile, voluntary or involuntary, obtained on the reanimated side in relation to the unaffected side was considered good or excellent in 53.4%, 54.5%, and 86.3% of the patients in groups I, II, and III, respectively. In group I, the average age of the patients with excellent or good results (19.8 + 10.5 years) was significantly lower than that of the patients with fair or poor results or absence of movement (36.5 + 13.3 years). The smile was considered emotional or involuntary in 34% of the patients in group I and 45% in group II. Most of the patients in each group were only able to produce "voluntary smiles". Crossed synkinesis with lip puckering was observed in 48% of the patients in group I and 90% in group II. The results obtained with 1-stage facial reanimation with masseteric nerve were more uniform and predictable than those obtained with the other techniques evaluated in this study. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Electrodiagnostic studies of the facial nerve in peripheral facial palsy and hemifacial spasm; Electrodiagnostic (EDX) assessment is one of the most important aspects in the evaluation of the two most common disorders of the facial nerve: facial palsy and hemifacial spasm. Facial palsy is usually an acute disorder that resolves in a few weeks but, in a number of cases, leads to a postparalytic facial syndrome featuring muscle synkinesis, myokymia, and involuntary mass contractions of muscles on the affected side. Hemifacial spasm is usually a chronic disorder characterized by paroxysms of involuntary, clonic, and synchronous twitching of all facial muscles on the affected side. EDX studies provide information on lesion location and severity, pathophysiology underlying the two disorders, and differential diagnosis between syndromes presenting with abnormal facial muscle activity. This monograph is intended to describe the most relevant EDX findings in the two disorders and the most appropriate timing for the examinations in order to provide useful information for prognosis and therapeutic decision-making. © 2007 American Association of Neuromuscular & Electrodiagnostic Medicine. Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Practice parameter: Treatment of nervous system Lyme disease (an evidence-based review): Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology; OBJECTIVE: To provide evidence-based recommendations on the treatment of nervous system Lyme disease and post-Lyme syndrome. Three questions were addressed: 1) Which antimicrobial agents are effective? 2) Are different regimens preferred for different manifestations of nervous system Lyme disease? 3) What duration of therapy is needed? METHODS: The authors analyzed published studies (1983-2003) using a structured review process to classify the evidence related to the questions posed. RESULTS: The panel reviewed 353 abstracts which yielded 112 potentially relevant articles that were reviewed, from which 37 articles were identified that were included in the analysis. CONCLUSIONS: There are sufficient data to conclude that, in both adults and children, this nervous system infection responds well to penicillin, ceftriaxone, cefotaxime, and doxycycline (Level B recommendation). Although most studies have used parenteral regimens for neuroborreliosis, several European studies support use of oral doxycycline in adults with meningitis, cranial neuritis, and radiculitis (Level B), reserving parenteral regimens for patients with parenchymal CNS involvement, other severe neurologic symptomatology, or failure to respond to oral regimens. The number of children (≥8 years of age) enrolled in rigorous studies of oral vs parenteral regimens has been smaller, making conclusions less statistically compelling. However, all available data indicate results are comparable to those observed in adults. In contrast, there is no compelling evidence that prolonged treatment with antibiotics has any beneficial effect in post-Lyme syndrome (Level A). ©2007AAN Enterprises, Inc.
Multiple cranial nerve palsies in testicular lymphoma: Report of a case; BACKGROUND: Testicular lymphoma is an aggressive, extranodal, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, accounting for less than 10% of all testicular neoplasms and less than 1% of lymphoproliferative malignancies. A paraneoplastic syndrome has been reported and may precede diagnosis of testicular cancer. A delay in diagnosis results in more advanced stage at clinical presentation and resultant poor outcome. CASE SUMMARY: We report here a case of testicular lymphoma associated with multiple cranial nerve palsies contributing to the diagnosis of an occult lymphoproliferative malignancy. CONCLUSIONS: In elderly men, accurate urologic examination is mandatory, particularly when other malignancies have been ruled out, since timely diagnosis of testicular malignancy may allow successful treatment. Paraneoplastic syndromes secondary to extranodal malignancies should be always taken into account in the evaluation of patients with multiple nerve palsies with no apparent primary neurologic disease. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Dysarthria and dysphagia due to the opercular syndrome in multiple sclerosis; We report a patient with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS), who developed bilateral severe tongue weakness due to the anterior opercular syndrome. This was caused by a recent inflammatory demyelinating lesion in the right perisylvian juxtacortical region, superimposed on a pre-existing left perisylvian lesion, which had previously caused temporary isolated right tongue weakness. © 2007 Sage Publications.
Aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage and the anaesthetist; The anaesthetist may be involved at various stages in the management of subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH). Thus, familiarity with epidemiological, pathophysiological, diagnostic, and therapeutic issues is as important as detailed knowledge of the optimal intraoperative anaesthetic management. As the prognosis of SAH remains poor, prompt diagnosis and appropriate treatment are essential, because early treatment may improve outcome. It is, therefore, important to rule out SAH as soon as possible in all patients complaining of sudden onset of severe headache lasting for longer than an hour with no alternative explanation. The three main predictors of mortality and dependence are impaired level of consciousness on admission, advanced age, and a large volume of blood on initial cranial computed tomography. The major complications of SAH include re-bleeding, cerebral vasospasm leading to immediate and delayed cerebral ischaemia, hydrocephalus, cardiopulmonary dysfunction, and electrolyte disturbances. Prophylaxis and therapy of cerebral vasospasm include maintenance of cerebral perfusion pressure (CPP) and normovolaemia, administration of nimodipine, triple-H therapy, balloon angioplasty, and intra-arterial papaverine. Occlusion of the aneurysm after SAH is usually attempted surgically ('clipping') or endovascularly by detachable coils ('coiling'). The need for an adequate CPP (for the prevention of cerebral ischaemia and cerebral vasospasm) must be balanced against the need for a low transmural pressure gradient of the aneurysm (for the prevention of rupture of the aneurysm). Effective measures to prevent or attenuate increases in intracranial pressure, brain swelling, and cerebral vasospasm throughout all phases of anaesthesia are prerequisite for optimal outcome. © The Board of Management and Trustees of the British Journal of Anaesthesia 2007.
Neurologic complications in adult living donor liver transplant recipients; Background: Neurologic complications (NC) after liver transplantation are not uncommon, with serious complications such as central pontine myelinolysis (CPM), often causing disability. Objective: We investigated the incidence and features of NC following liver transplantation in adult recipients. Patients and methods: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 319 adult patients who underwent liver transplantation between January 2004 and May 2005 at the Asan Medical Center. Results: Neurologic complications developed in 49 of 319 patients (15.4%). Although most of these complications were minor, including tremor and foot drop, three patients developed CPM, and one each developed posterior leukoencephalopathy, cerebral hemorrhage, and cerebral infarction. One-yr survival rates were 95.9% in patients without NC and 83.7% in patients with NC (p = 0.004). Hospital stay was prolonged in patients with NC. Graft-to-recipient body weight ratio (GRWR) did not affect occurrence of NC. Conclusions: Neurologic complications were not uncommon in liver transplant recipients. These complications contributed to prolongation of hospital stay, increased in-hospital mortality, and decreased graft and patient survival. Every effort should be made to prevent NC, as well as to detect and treat them as soon as possible. © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Temporalis tendon transfer as part of a comprehensive approach to facial reanimation; Objective: To report an approach to facial paralysis in patients for whom dynamic adjacent muscle transfer is determined to be the best treatment option. Methods: Retrospective review of 7 consecutive patients who underwent orthodromic transfer of the temporalis muscle insertion for the treatment of long-standing facial paralysis. Patients underwent facial-retraining physical therapy before and shortly after the procedure. Outcomes measured included patient satisfaction, objective measurements of oral commissure elevation with smiling, and physician grading of preoperative and postoperative patient photographs. Medical records were reviewed for complications. Results: Patient satisfaction was high, with a mean score of 8.5 (possible score of 10). Four patients were physician graded as excellent to superb. The other 3 patients were rated as having good postoperative results. Movement was identified in every patient and ranged from 1.6 to 8.5 mm, with mean movement of the oral commissure of 4.2 mm. One patient developed postoperative salivary fluid collection that required drainage. Conclusions: Temporalis tendon transfer is a relatively easy procedure to perform that has distinct advantages compared with other forms of facial reanimation and provides very good results. This procedure results in improved form and function, may often be performed in a minimally invasive manner, and eliminates the facial asymmetry typically produced by temporalis transfer.
Facial nerve paralysis: A complication of distraction osteogenesis of the mandibular ramus in the treatment of temporomandibular joint ankylosis; Distraction osteogenesis is a useful technique in temporomandibular joint reconstruction after gap arthroplasty for ankylosis. We report a case of unilateral facial nerve paralysis during the distraction phase of treatment in a patient with temporomandibular joint ankylosis who was treated with gap arthroplasty and distraction osteogenesis. The clinical course is described and discussed. ©2007Muntaz B. Habal, MD.
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma of the cerebellopontine angle in a patient with sudden hearing loss and facial palsy; Primary lymphoma of the cerebellopontine angle (CPA) is rare in the central nervous system. To our knowledge, there have only been 14 cases reported worldwide so far. Here, we report our findings in a 57-year-old man, who presented with bilateral sudden hearing loss followed by left facial palsy within 1 month. Radiologic study and magnetic resonance imaging showed a homogeneous enhancing mass, 1.6 × 0.5 × 1.1 cm in size, in the left CPA cistern region with mild extension to the left internal auditory canal. The tumor was removed through left retromastoid craniectomy, and the histopathologic diagnosis of the tumor was confirmed as diffuse large B-cell type malignant lymphoma. After a series of tumor surveys, there was no evidence of other original lymphoma. The patient was treated with chemotherapy (including intra-Ommaya injection with methotrexate and Ara-C and systemic injection with vincristine, methotrexate and ifosfamide) for the primary CPA lymphoma. He was still alive 19 months after the initial treatment. © 2007 Elsevier. All rights reserved.
The influence of prophylactic vasoactive treatment on cochlear and facial nerve functions after vestibular schwannoma surgery: A prospective and open-label randomized pilot study; OBJECTIVE: Facial nerve paresis and hearing loss are common complications after vestibular schwannoma surgery. Experiments with facial nerves of the rat and retrospectively analyzed clinical studies showed a beneficial effect of vasoactive treatment on the preservation of facial and cochlear nerve functions. This prospective and open-label randomized pilot study is the first study of a prophylactic vasoactive treatment in vestibular schwannoma surgery. METHODS: Thirty patients were randomized before surgery. One group (n = 14) received a vasoactive prophylaxis consisting of nimodipine and hydroxyethylstarch which was started the day before surgery and was continued until the seventh postoperative day. The other group (n = 16) did not receive preoperative medication. Intraoperative monitoring, including acoustic evoked potentials and continuous facial electromyelograms, was applied to all patients. However, when electrophysiological signs of a deterioration of facial or cochlear nerve function were detected in the group of patients without medication, vasoactive treatment was started immediately. Cochlear and facial nerve function were documented preoperatively, during the first 7 days postoperatively, and again after long-term observation. RESULTS: Despite the limited number of patients, our results were significant using the Fisher's exact test (small no. of patients) for a better outcome after vestibular schwannoma surgery for both hearing (P = 0.041) and facial nerve (P = 0.045) preservation in the group of patients who received a prophylactic vasoactive treatment. CONCLUSION: Prophylactic vasoactive treatment consisting of nimodipine and hydroxyethylstarch shows significantly better results concerning preservation of the facial and cochlear nerve function in vestibular schwannoma surgery. The prophylactic use is also superior to intraoperative vasoactive treatment. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Observation on therapeutic effect of acupuncture on early peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe therapeutic effects of acupuncture at different opportunities on peripheral facial paralysis. METHODS: Fifty-two cases were randomly divided into a treatment group (n=28) and a control group (n=24). The treatment group at the acute stage (1-10 days) were treated with acupuncture at Dicang (ST 4), Jiache (ST 6), Yangbai (GB 14), etc., with less than 4 points selected on the face and with shallow puncture, and 10 days later electroacupuncture were added at acupoints selected routinely; the control group were treated with the same methods as the treatment group but acupuncture was not given at the acute stage. RESULTS: The cured rate of 78.6% in the treatment group was significantly higher than 50.0% in the control group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Early acupuncture is a key for achieving the best therapeutic effect on facial paralysis.
Differential diagnosis of lip swelling (Macrocheilia); The lips are important facial structure with crucial importance both functionally and cosmetically. Its flexible structure facilitates contribution to uniquely important functions like smiling, talking, eating and drinking. If swelling develops in one or both lips it hinders these functions as well as it may disturb the affected person psychologically. Many pathological conditions are associated with lip swelling. Some are acute, while many are chronic. Some conditions present with diffuse lip swelling like orofacial granulomatosis whereas others start as localized ulcers or erosions that may progress into diffuse lip swelling because of edema like traumatic ulcers, erythema multiforme or neoplasms like squamous cell carcinoma. In this review some important causes of lip swelling are discussed.
Defibrotide for the treatment of hepatic veno-occlusive disease in children; Background. This retrospective report describes experience with defibrotide in children with hepatic veno-occlusive disease (HVOD) following hematopoietic progenitor cell transplant (HPCT) in a single institution. Procedure. Children who had undergone HPCT between February 1999 and June 2001 and between July 2003 and September 2004 and who received defibrotide during their admission were identified. Demographic data and information regarding the clinical course of these patients were abstracted from their health records. Results. Fourteen children (mean age: 9.3 years; range: 0.4-18.1) who underwent HPCT during the study period received defibrotide for the treatment of HVOD; nine were girls. Most patients underwent HPCT for hematologic malignancies (8/14) and received matched unrelated donor transplants (8/14). Conditioning regimens included cyclophosphamide with total body irradiation (5/14) and busulfan followed by cyclophosphamide (7/14). HVOD was diagnosed on transplant day -4 to +33 (median: +10.5); defibrotide was started on transplant day -4 to +40 (median: +12). The median initial defibrotide dose was 33 mg/kg/day (11-40 mg/kg/day); the median maximum defibrotide dose was 38.5 mg/kg/day (11-81 mg/kg/day). The median duration of defibrotide therapy was 16 days (4-37 days). Defibrotide was discontinued due to clinical improvement (9), death (3), drug unavailability (1), and neurological toxicity (1). Gastrointestinal hemorrhage was observed in two patients and intra-cranial hemorrhage was observed in one patient during defibrotide therapy. The survival rate to day +100 was 79%. Conclusions. Defibrotide appears to be an effective and relatively safe treatment for children with HVOD. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Daily practice use of Bortezomib in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma; Background: Several publications reported on the safety and efficacy of bortezomib, a novel first-in-class anti-cancer agent, in the treatment of relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma in controlled clinical trials. Complementary data on the experience with bortezomib in daily oncology practice are needed. We report on the use of bortezomib to treat patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma in routine clinical practice. Methods: Patients were treated at investigators' discretion within a Compassionate Use Program, allowing third-line or subsequent treatment. Post-hoc safety and efficacy analysis of patient records was performed using predefined data capture forms. Marker response was defined as a decrease in paraprotein level of at least 25% as compared to baseline. Results: Eighty-eight patients entered the program involving 62 oncologists/ haematologists (62% institutional). Median patient age was 66 years [44-86], median time since diagnosis 4 years [0.5-14], median number of previous treatments 3 [2-6]. Marker response was observed in 61 % of patients (17% CR/nCR). At the time of data collection, median 4.75 months [0.5-13] after last bortezomib injection, overall median response duration was 4.5 months [1.5-22], and response was ongoing in 45% of patients. The most frequently reported adverse events were thrombocytopenia (34%), peripheral neuropathy (31%), diarrhoea (20%) and fatigue (19%). Among the cases of peripheral neuropathy, 68% were due to aggravation of a pre-existing condition and the remaining cases to onset under bortezomib. No cases of bortezomib-related haemorrhage were reported. Conclusions: Our results in daily oncology practice confirm findings from clinical trials, demonstrating high response rates and predictable adverse events in patients with relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma treated with bortezomib.
Childhood autism and associated comorbidities; Autism is a heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorder with a variety of different etiologies, but with a heritability estimate of more than 90%. Although the strong correlation between autism and genetic factors has been long established, the exact genetic background of autism is still unclear. This review refers to all the genetic syndromes that have been described in children with pervasive developmental disorders (tuberous sclerosis, fragile X, Down, neurofibromatosis, Angelman, Prader-Willi, Gilles de la Tourette, Williams, etc.). Issues covered include prevalence and main characteristics of each syndrome, as well as the possible base of its association with autism in terms of contribution to the current knowledge on the etiology and genetic base of pervasive developmental disorders. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Merkel cell tumour of the external ear. Report of a case; Merkel cells carcinoma (MCC) is an uncommon skin lesion, considered a malignancy of the neuroendocrine system, which is found mainly in elderly people. Its incidence is highly correlated with sun exposure or immunodeficiency syndromes. MCC is often an aggressive tumour with high tendency for local recurrence, lymph node involvement and distant metastasis. To our best knowledge 20 cases originated from the auricle have been described, 2 of them arising from external ear canal. The authors report a case of the ear canal characterized by two others synchronous tumours and the occurrence of a malignant high grade lymphoma, in which contribute of the pathologist was essential for a critical review. MCC diagnosis is not always easy for its pathological and clinical features and it should always be considered in presence of lymphoma. A multidisciplinary approach is basic. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Analysis of prognostic factors in Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Objective: This study evaluated the prognostic factors in Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome (HZO). Methods: A retrospective, institutional review board-approved study at a university-based hospital. A total of 81 patients consisting of 55 Bell's palsy patients and 26 HZO patients were enrolled in this study. The treatment consisted uniformly in all cases, and acyclovir was administered in the case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome. All patients were followed up until they recovered or for least up 6 months. Results: The recovery rates to House-Brackmann grade II or better were 96.3% in those with Bell's palsy and 84.6% in those with HZO. In the HZO cases, older patients had a poorer initial and final status, and less chance of making a complete recovery than the younger patients. The HZO patients without diabetes mellitus had a higher chance of recovery, a higher chance of complete recovery, and a better final status. In addition, HZO patients without essential hypertension had a higher degree of recovery. HZO patients not suffering from vertigo had a higher chance of recovery. Conclusion: There was no prognostic factor found in the Bell's palsy patients in this study. The prognostic factors of HZO were age, diabetus mellitus, essential hypertension and vertigo. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adverse events following immunization: Perception and evidence; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The aim of this article is to highlight the evidence on new and ongoing vaccine safety concerns in the light of several vaccines recently licensed and others made available and recommended more widely. RECENT FINDINGS: There is increasingly convincing epidemiologic and laboratory evidence against a causal relation of several alleged adverse events following immunization. The scientific framework to detect and investigate adverse events following immunization is increasingly robust. SUMMARY: Currently available vaccines are safe in immunocompetent individuals and there is no evidence to deviate from current immunization schedules. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Gold weight implantation for rehabilitation of the paralysed eyelid; Patients with complete facial nerve palsy are at risk of severe eye complications due to corneal exposure. Gold weight implantation improves function, cosmetic appearance and morbidity. Three patients with nerve palsy underwent insertion of precisely prepared gold weights between May 2000 and December 2001. Individual gold weights were implanted into a small pocket between the orbicularis oculi and the tarsal plate of the upper eyelid, fitting the curvature of the eye. According to follow-up examinations (after at least 5 years), none of the gold weights had extruded; all patients experienced marked improvement of their dry-eye symptoms and expressed a high degree of satisfaction. Implantation of gold weights is effective and should be considered in all patients for the management of paralytic lagophthalmos. © 2007 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Fatal neuroglycopaenia after accidental use of a glucose 5% solution in a peripheral arterial cannula flush system; A patient on an Intensive Care Unit who was recovering from multiple organ failure was being given an intravenous infusion of insulin to maintain normoglycaemia. On her 20th day in the unit, she suddenly became unresponsive. A cerebrovascular accident was suspected as other clinical and laboratory parameters remained normal apart from a blood glucose value of 20.6 mmol.l-1. The insulin infusion rate had been increased to treat hyperglycaemia. Subsequent bedside finger prick blood testing suggested that the blood sugar was low but no numerical reading was provided. Repeat blood glucose analysis using a further sample drawn from the arterial line and measured in the blood gas analyser gave a value of 10.1 mmol.l-1. Confirmatory laboratory blood tests revealed severe hypoglycaemia (0.1 mmol.l-1) and intravenous glucose 50% was given immediately. Examination showed that a glucose 5% solution had been inadvertently used in the arterial cannula flush system rather than saline, contaminating earlier samples drawn from the arterial line and giving falsely high blood glucose values. The prolonged period of severe hypoglycaemia led to neuroglycopaenia and irreversible brain injury. The patient died 9 days later without regaining consciousness. Such a complication has not previously been reported in this context and has particular significance given the increasing use of insulin therapy to maintain normoglycaemia in critically ill patients. © 2007 The Authors Journal compilation 2007 The Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland.
Management of Complications in Neurotology; Neurotologic and skull base surgery involves working around important neurovascular and neurotologic structures and can incur unwarranted complications. Knowledge of surgical anatomy, good preoperative planning, intraoperative monitoring, and excellent microsurgical technique contribute to minimizing and avoiding complications. In the event of a complication, however, the neurotologic surgeon should be prepared to manage it. In this article, the authors focus on the management of complications encountered in neurotologic skull base surgery, including hemorrhage, stroke, cerebrospinal fluid leak, extraocular motility deficits, facial paralysis, hearing loss, dizziness, lower cranial nerve palsies, and postoperative headache. © 2007.
Zygomycosis: an uncommon cause for peripheral facial palsy in diabetes; Mucormycosis is an emerging fungal infection with a high rate of mortality. Diabetic and immuno-compromised patients are the most frequent hosts. We report a case of rhino-orbito-cerebral mucormycosis revealed by facial palsy in a diabetic, immuno-compromised patient with difficult life conditions. He received intravenous antifungal treatment (amphotericin B) and early surgical debridement and completely recovered with no recurrence after 3 months of follow-up. Physicians should be aware of such atypical clinical presentations due to the need for early appropriate combined medical and surgical management to improve disease recovery and prognosis. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Cavernous sinus thrombophlebitis masquerading as ischaemic stroke: A catastrophic pitfall in any emergency department; Cavernous sinus thrombophlebitis is a clinically rare but fatal disease that progresses rapidly. Its initial presentation is aiways neglected by emergency physicians, until typical symptoms and signs are noted or thin-slice brain CT results obtained, by which time it is already too late. A case of cavernous sinus thrombophlebitis caused by sinusitis, which initially masqueraded as ischaemic stroke, is reported. Blindness of the left eye was the outcome. High suspicion, accurate diagnosis and aggressive antibiotic treatment are emphasised.
Idiopathic hypertrophic pachymeningitis mimicking lymphoplasmacyte-rich meningioma; A 28-year-old woman with a 6-year history of optic neuropathy and 8 years of hearing loss had enhancing dural lesions around the brain stem and in both internal auditory canals on MRI. Histopathology from cranial procedures performed in 1990 and 1993 was originally interpreted as inflammatory meningioma, now known as lymphoplasmacyte-rich meningioma (LRM). Because the clinical course was more consistent with a relapsing process, the original surgical specimens were restudied with additional immunocytochemical stains. The review led to a pathologic diagnosis of idiopathic hypertrophic pachymeningitis (IHP). IHP and LRM can be confused on both imaging and histopathologic grounds. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Management of facial nerve schwannoma in patients with favorable facial function; OBJECTIVE: We report six cases of facial nerve schwannomas in which surgical management allowed the preservation of facial nerve function. Specifically, this paper reports that a stripping surgery may provide favorable functional outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective review of preoperative and postoperative data for six patients with facial nerve schwannoma that had normal facial nerve function or a House-Brackmann grade II facial palsy before the surgery. METHODS: Stripping surgery, which removed the schwannoma from the remaining nerve fascicle, was attempted on the six patients. Postoperative facial nerve function and imaging (magnetic resonance imaging) were evaluated. RESULTS: Stripping surgery with gross total tumor removal of the mass was performed in four cases. In the two remaining cases, the stripping surgery was not possible, and decompression alone was performed. Favorable preservation of facial function was achieved in all six cases. CONCLUSION: It was possible to preserve facial function after surgery to remove facial nerve schwannoma. We suggest that stripping surgery, focused on the preservation of continuity of the facial nerve, may be attempted for facial nerve schwannoma in which favorable facial function has been preserved. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Review of case reports of inadvertent intrathecal administration of vincristine: Recommendations to reduce occurrence; Vincristine has been in clinical use for over 40 years with initial publication of the results from successful trials in 1962. Catastrophic neurotoxicity has been associated with the administration of vincristine directly into the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Since the first case in 1968 there have been numerous other instances, of which 23 have been reported in the literature. Of these cases 18 resulted in death. The most prominent damage on autopsy was generally in the spinal cord, brain stem and cerebellum, with severity tending to be greater in the neurons adjacent to the CSF. Fatalities appeared due to a progressive ascending myeloencephalopathy. Early recognition and immediate treatment with CSF drainage and intrathecal exchange appears to be the only intervention that has improved patient survival. The volume of injection, dose and time from the incident until the ventriculo-lumbar washout appear critical, as these factors might contribute to the extent of drug distribution in the CNS. Although several antidotes for vincristine have been suggested, including folinic acid and glutamic acid, supportive evidence for their effectiveness is scant. Several recommendations regarding prevention of this catastrophic event have been proposed. © 2007 The Authors; Journal Compilation © Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
How Does a Physician Avoid Prescribing Drugs and Medical Procedures That Have Reproductive and Developmental Risks?; The medicolegal climate in the United States has changed considerably in the past 50 years. This article provides practical tips that obstetricians and perinatologists can use to reduce the likelihood of being a defendant in malpractice litigation. © 2007.
Cerebral ischemia probably related to isotretinoin; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of cerebral ischemia in a patient receiving oral isotretinoin for severe acne. CASE SUMMARY: A 30-year-old right-handed man was admitted for left facial paralysis and dysarthria. He had received oral isotretinoin 45 mg/day for 3 months for treatment of severe acne. A cerebral computed tomography scan showed hypodensity in the right middle cerebral territory corresponding to cerebral ischemia. The patient reported having experienced a similar episode 7 years before, after 3 months' treatment with oral isotretinoin. No risk factors were identified. Isotretinoin was discontinued on admission and the disorders resolved. DISCUSSION: Our patient did not present thrombotic risk factors and was not being treated with any drug other than isotretinoin; however, he developed 2 episodes of cerebral ischemia following 2 episodes of oral isotretinoin treatment. According to the Naranjo probability scale, the relationship of cerebral ischemia to administration of isotretinoin was probable. Other reports of thrombotic accidents, as well as some cases of hemorrhage in patients receiving isotretinoin, have been published. This drug seems to act on the coagulation process by a still unexplained mechanism. CONCLUSIONS: Given that isotretinoin is a treatment prescribed most frequently for adolescents and young adults and that cerebral ischemia can produce serious handicaps, an evaluation of vascular risk should be made prior to treatment with this drug.
Cerebral embolic stroke and arm ischemia in a teenager with arterial thoracic outlet syndrome: A case report; A rare presentation of arterial thoracic outlet syndrome (TOS) is described in a young woman. Arterial TOS caused by a cervical rib produced acute upper extremity ischemia due to subclavian artery aneurysm formation. Clinical presentation also included left hemiparesis caused by right subclavian artery thrombosis and retrograde embolization of thrombus via the common carotid artery to the right middle cerebral artery distribution. Surgical repair of the subclavian artery was performed, but permanent neurologic deficit remained. Acute thrombosis of the right subclavian artery can produce cerebrovascular complication. The assessment of such risk in patients with arterial TOS is warranted and the arterial lesion corrected surgically. ©2007 Sage Publications.
Recurrent facial paresis with facial neurinoma; Patient: A clinical case of a 49-year-old man is described who presented with a right facial paresis for 4 weeks. The patient had undergone a decompression of facial nerve and a radical mastoidectomy elsewhere in 1998 because of a facial paresis and acute mastoiditis. In the following years a complete right facial paresis occurred several times improving with prednisolone. In addition to topognostic examinations a high resolution computed tomography of the temporal bone was made. CT showed a mass in the right tympanic cavity with close contact to the ossicular chain. Diagnostic tympanotomy disclosed a tumor of the tympanic segment of the facial nerve. Pathological examination indicated a diagnosis of neurinoma with an Antoni B architecture. In a second operation the tumor was resected totally and a facial nerve reconstruction was performed by a greater auricular nerve interposition graft. Seven month postoperative beginning nerve reinnervation was seen proceeding continually until the control examination after 1 1/2 year. Discussion: Facial neurinoma are a rare course of facial paresis. There are no specific symptoms. That's why the diagnosis is difficult. But it is necessary to think of with differential diagnosis of facial paresis. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Electroacupuncture: An introduction and its use for peripheral facial paralysis; Acupuncture and electrotherapy interface in the practice of electroacupuncture (EA). This article introduces some of the basic concepts and terminology of EA, its advantages and electrical parameters. The aetiology and incidence of peripheral facial paralysis (PFP), its pathology and prognosis are then covered. Conventional treatment of PFP is briefly mentioned, followed by a more detailed discussion of Western electrotherapy for the condition and the evidence for its clinical use. Background information on manual acupuncture (MA) and PFP is given. The literature on EA is reviewed, and EA treatment is then described according to the stage and severity of paralysis. Comparisons between EA and other modalities and combinations with ancillary methods are outlined, and the acupoints and electrical parameters used are analysed in some detail. A final discussion summarises some suggestions for safe and effective treatment.
A case of congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome due to bilateral schizencephaly; A case of congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome (CBPS) associated with bilateral perisylvian schizencephaly in a 24-year-old woman is reported. She presented the classical clinical triad of CBPS, which included congenital facio-masticatory diplegia, epilepsy and only mild mental retardation, despite the presence of bilateral, open-lip clefts in the perisylvian region. We hypothesize that the minimal loss of cortical tissue, along with the possible sparing of vital white matter association fibers and neuronal plasticity might have contributed to the better functional outcome in this patient.
A case of peripheral facial nerve palsy with cryoglobulinemia and chronic thyroiditis occurring during interferon plus ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C; A 42-year-old woman with chronic hepatitis C has visited our hospital since October 2003. Liver biopsy revealed chronic hepatitis (A1/F1). Therapy was initiated with interferon (IFN) α-2b and ribavirin in February 2004. Two months later, the patient developed left facial weakness. Laboraroty findings showed cryoglobulinemia and abnormal thyroid function without any evidence of other viral infections. Idiopathic peripheral facial nerve palsy was diagnosed. IFN was discontinued at week 9 of therapy, but she obtained sustained virological response and her symptoms resolved at 6 month after the withdrawal.
Foix-Chavany-Marie syndrome: Case reports with literature review; Foix-Chavany-Marie syndrome (FCMS), also known as the anterior operculum syndrome, is considered the cortical type of pseudobulbar palsy, which is characterized by severe dysarthria and bilateral paralysis of the facial, lingual, pharyngeal, and masticatory muscles with automatic-voluntary dissociation. Although FCMS appears to be a well-defined clinical entity, there are a few equivocal points. First, the distinction between FCMS and the noncortical type of acute pseudobulbar palsy is not clearly defined. Second, there is some confusion in the diagnostic classification of the developmental, reversible, and neurodegenerative forms of FCMS or similar syndromes. Third, some ambiguity exists regarding the terminologies used for certain symptoms of FCMS. In this article, two FCMS cases are presented, along with reviews of the literature on FCMS. The purpose of this study is to draw attention to this syndrome and to discuss its clinical characteristics, associated lesions, and prognosis. Copyright © 2007 by Delmar Learning, a division of Thomson Learning, Inc.
Case report: Seizures in a child caused by a large venous angioma; Cerebral venous angioma is a congenital anomaly of the medullary vein, the vessel that drains into the transparenchymal venous stem. This lesion is also referred to as a developmental venous anomaly. A few reports in the literature have documented developmental venous anomaly - related epilepsy, neurologic deficits, and intracranial hemorrhage. A 3-year-old boy was referred to our hospital after he sustained an afebrile, tonic-clonic, focal seizure of 15 minutes' duration that affected his right arm, leg, and eyebrow. Cerebral digital subtraction angiography showed a bilateral, large periventricular developmental venous anomaly. This report describes the clinical and radiologic findings for this large venous angioma that caused seizures in a child. © 2007 Sage Publications.
Bell's Palsy following acupuncture treatment - A case report; A case of Bell's palsy after acupuncture is presented. It concerns a healthy 47 year old man who developed Bell's palsy less than 24 hours after local acupuncture treatment for temporomandibular dysfunction. The Bell's palsy recovered within two weeks, and may have been caused by a haematoma around the facial nerve.
Central pontine and extrapontine myelinolysis after rapid correction of hyponatremia by hemodialysis in a uremic patient; Osmotic demyelination syndrome, a well-known entity, is characterized by demyelination in the pons and extrapontine areas. Rapid correction of chronic hyponatremia is its most important cause. This report presents a 52-year-old man with uremia and hyponatremia. Demyelination syndrome developed after the first hemodialysis session. Brain images showed central pontine myelinolysis and extrapontine myelinolysis. This case emphasizes the fact that demyelination syndrome can occur when hyponatremia is corrected too rapidly, even in uremic patients. Lowering dialysate sodium with multiple, short durations of hemodialysis at a low blood flow rate should be prescribed during hemodialysis in select hyponatremic patients. Copyright © Informa Healthcare.
Intratemporal facial nerve transfer with direct coaptation to the hypoglossal nerve; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate functional recovery after facial-hypoglossal nerve transfer with direct coaptation of the intratemporal part of the facial nerve. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective study. SETTING: University-based tertiary referral center. PATIENTS: Nine patients who underwent facial-hypoglossal transfer surgery between 2001 and 2006 to treat a unilateral complete facial nerve palsy. INTERVENTION: The facial nerve is mobilized in the temporal bone, transsected at the second genu, transferred and directly coaptated to a partially incised hypoglossal nerve. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The House-Brackmann grading system was used to evaluate facial nerve reinnervation. Tongue atrophy and movements were documented. Quality of life related to facial function was assessed using the validated Facial Disability Index. RESULTS: A House-Brackmann Grade III (86%) was achieved in six patients, and Grade IV (14%) in one patient with an average follow-up of 22 months (range, 12-48 mo). Two patients had a follow-up of less than 12 months after surgery, and reinnervation was still in progress. In none of the patients who were operated on was tongue atrophy or impaired movement observed. Postoperative Facial Disability Index scores (mean, 71.8 ± standard deviation [SD] 10.6) for physical functioning and social functioning (mean, 85.7 ± SD 9.8) were increased for all patients when compared with preoperative scores (mean, 28.6 ± SD 9.0; mean, 37.7 ± SD 14.4, respectively). CONCLUSION: The facial-hypoglossal nerve transfer with direct coaptation of the intratemporal part of the facial nerve offers good functional results with low lingual morbidity and improved quality of life. The technique is straightforward, relatively simple, and should be considered as first option for reanimation of traumatic facial nerve lesions. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Some problems in the literature of acupuncture treatment of peripheral facial paralysis and suggestions; OBJECTIVE: To raise some problems in the literature of acupuncture and moxibustion for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis and improving suggestions. METHODS: The CHKD system was used to search out 817 papers of acupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysist, which were reviewed, organized and summarized. RESULTS: In the literature of acupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis, insufficient understanding in the relative information of clinical data, naming of intractable facial paralysis, differentiation between of the sequelae and complications, the criteria or cproblems in the literature and so on were found. CONCLUSION: There are some common and representative problems in these papers of acupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis, which may result in incorrect opinion about the theory and clinical study of acupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis. Sufficiently considering and resolving the above problems can not only improve the quality of the papers on acupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis as a whole, but also have active influence on both treatment and diagnosis of this disease.
Spectrum of radiological changes in hypertensive children with reversible posterior leucoencephalopathy; We prospectively studied 19 children with severe hypertension to evaluate the spectrum of radiological changes, severity and reversibility of this entity. All of them were subjected to clinical and biochemical evaluation, followed by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA). Headache was seen in 17 children, 13 had confusion and drowsiness, 12 had nausea and vomiting, 10 patients had visual disturbances, seizure and dyspnoea. Only two had focal neurological deficit (one with right facial palsy and another with right lateral rectus palsy). Of these 19 children, 15 patients had hypertensive retinopathy and four had normal fundi. The positive MRI findings in 17/19 patients were: bilateral leukoencephalopathic changes in occipitoparietal region (9/17), diffuse white/grey matter lesion (3/ 17) patients, brain stem hyperintensity (2/17) and haemorrhagic lesions (3/17). On MRA, 12/19 patients had attenuation of cerebral arteries of different degree. On follow up, MRI findings resolved in all except three patients. All patients had normal MRA on follow up, except one with persistent minimal attenuation of middle cerebral artery and another had spasm in anterior, middle and posterior cerebral arteries. The intracranial abnormalities in these patients with severe hypertension were reversible in many of the cases after control of blood pressure was achieved. We therefore conclude that severe hypertension may lead to leuoencephalopathy, which had a wide radiological spectrum. A better understanding of this complex syndrome may obviate unnecessary investigations and allow management of associated problems in prompt and appropriate ways. © 2007 The British Institute of Radiology.
Neurofibromatosis type II: A rare neurocutaneous syndrome; Neurocutaneous syndromes are heterogeneous group of disorders with abnormalities of central as well as peripheral nervous system. Neurofibromatosis type II (NF-II) is an autosomal dominant neurocutaneous syndrome rarely diagnosed in pediatric population. Diagnosis is based on clinical history and radioimmaging. We present a 14 years old boy with headache and decreased hearing, who turned to be a case of neurofibromatosis type II.
Ectopic bone formation as a complication of surgical rehabilitation in patients with Moebius' syndrome; Purpose: Treatment of facial paralysis by muscular neurotization resulted in ectopic ossification in 1 of 134 cases in this department. That patient suffering from Moebius syndrome (MS) is presented. Reviewing the literature concerning MS, Hox genes and bone morphogenetic protein dysregulation, a pathogenesis of ossification in MS is suggested. Patient: The MS patient exhibited a congenital facial nerve palsy, which was treated by muscular neurotization (Lexer-Rosenthal). Because of postoperative ossification of scarred areas, osteotomy of the processus muscularis and mobilization of the masseter muscle was performed. Nevertheless, further ossification occurred at the interface between the mandible and zygoma and in two masticatory muscles. So, the construction of a neoarthrosis became necessary. Three years later, the iatrogenic bone defect had reossified despite of an active opening therapy. Conclusions: Ectopic ossification after muscular neurotization seems to be restricted to patients with MS and is triggered by trauma. Molecular pathogenesis: facial malformations in MS are caused by disturbances in embryonic patterning. Failure in the development of the second pharyngeal arch leads to a spatial BMP-4 dysregulation responsible for ossification after wounding of muscle fascia. Therefore, surgical rehabilitation of facial function by muscular neurotization is contra indicated in MS patients. © 2007 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Streptococcus pyogenes meningitis in children: Report of two cases and literature review; Streptococcus pyogenes meningitis (SPM) occurs sporadically, even with the increase of invasive streptococcal disease observed in the past years. We reported two cases of SPM in infants to alert pediatricians for the possibility of this agent as a cause of meningitis in previously healthy children. © 2007 by The Brazilian Journal of Infectious Diseases and Contexto Publishing. All rights reserved.
Etanercept in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis; Etanercept (ETN) is the first anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) agent to be approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Over the last 8 years, several clinical trials have shown its efficacy and safety in established and early RA, as well as a monotherapy or in combination with methotrexate. ETN not only reduces the signs and symptoms of RA, but also retards the progression of radiographic damage and improves the quality of life and function of patients. Its safety profile has been predictable since the first clinical trials with no new major safety concerns. Beyond its efficacy in RA, ETN is also indicated for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis. This current report reviews the evidence and the data in RA and psoriatic arthritis (PsA). © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Multivariate prediction of the probability of recurrence in patients with carcinoma of the parotid gland; BACKGROUND. Parotid gland carcinoma is an infrequent tumor, and series that report on these neoplasms are relatively scarce in the literature. The objective of the current study was to identify prognostic factors in patients with parotid gland carcinoma and to develop a method for defining the probability of recurrence. METHODS. Patients with parotid gland carcinoma who were treated at the authors' institution from January 1981 through December 2004 and who completed treatment constituted the study group. Disease-free survival was calculated by using the Kaplan-Meier method. Logistic regression analysis was employed to define the recurrence-associated prognostic factors. RESULTS. One hundred twenty-seven patients were included (64 men and 63 women); their mean age was 53 years. Mucoepidermoid carcinoma was diagnosed in 34.6% of patients, adenoid cystic was diagnosed in 15.7% of patients, adenocarcinoma was diagnosed in 14.3% of patients, and acinic cell carcinoma was diagnosed in 9.4% of patients. The median disease-free survival was 8.3 years (95% confidence interval [95% CI], 4.3-12.2 years). Logistic regression analysis confirmed tumor classification, facial nerve palsy, grade of tumor differentiation, patient age, and surgical margins as recurrence-associated factors (P < .00001). Using this model, 3 postoperative risk groups were defined - high-risk, intermediate-risk, and low-risk - that had recurrence frequencies of 71.4%, 43.1%, and 8.8%, respectively (P = .0001). The 5-year disease-free survival rates for these groups were 18.7%, 53.9%, and 99.9%, respectively (P = .00001). CONCLUSIONS. In this study, the authors identified several significant prognostic factors. Consequently, they have proposed a prognostic score categorization that allows for a straightforward calculation of the risk of recurrence for a given patient that may help to define therapeutic strategies, target patient counseling, and design future trials. © 2007 American Cancer Society.
Vaccine adjuvants revisited; The development of new adjuvants for human vaccines has become an expanding field of research in the last thirty years, for generating stronger vaccines capable of inducing protective and long-lasting immunity in humans. Instead of such efforts, with several adjuvant strategies approaching to requirements for their clinical application, limitations like adjuvant toxicity remain to be fully surpassed. Here we summarize the current status of adjuvant development, including regulatory recommendations, adjuvant requirements, and adjuvant categories like mineral salts, tensoactive compounds, microorganism-derived adjuvants, emulsions, cytokines, polysaccharides, nucleic acid-based adjuvants, and a section dedicated to particulate antigen delivery systems. The mechanisms of adjuvanticity are also discussed in the light of recent findings on Toll-like receptors' biology and their involvement on immune activation. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
3D-FLAIR MRI findings in a patient with Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Three-dimensional, fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (3D-FLAIR) of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has recently been developed to detect hemorrhage or high concentrations of protein. We present a patient with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, in whom high signals in the cochlear and vestibular apparatus were identified with 3D-FLAIR. The high signal areas in 3D-FLAIR were not detected by T1- and T2-weighted MRI in this case. This is the first report of high concentrations of protein in the inner ear in Ramsay Hunt syndrome using 3D-FLAIR, and suggests that high concentrations of protein in the inner ear are associated with hearing deterioration in some patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. 3D-FLAIR could be a useful diagnostic tool in the early stages of Ramsay Hunt syndrome. © 2007 Taylor & Francis.
Medicinal plants used in Kırklareli Province (Turkey); In this paper, 126 traditional medicinal plants from Ki{dotless}rklareli Province in Turkey have been reported. One hundred and twenty six plant species belonging to 54 families and among them 100 species were wild and 26 species were cultivated plants. Most used families were Rosaceae, Labiatae, Compositae and the most used plants were Cotinus coggyria, Sambucus ebulus, Achillea millefolium subsp. pannonica, Hypericum perforatum, Matricaria chamomilla var. recutita, Melissa officinalis subsp. officinalis, Juglans regia, Thymus longicaulis subsp. longicaulis var. subisophyllus, Malva sylvestris, Urtica dioica, Plantago lanceolata, Rosa canina, Ecballium elaterium, Artemisia absinthium, Viscum album subsp. album, Papaver rhoeas, Helleborus orientalis, Cydonia oblonga, Prunus spinosa subsp. dasyphylla, Rubus discolor, Sorbus domestica. A total of 143 medicinal uses were obtained. The traditional medicinal plants have been mostly used for the treatment of wounds (25.3%), cold and influenza (24.6%), stomach (20%), cough (19%), kidney ailments (18.2%), diabetes (13.4%). © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intradural facial nerve schwannoma: Diagnostic and therapeutic problems; Objectives: To define characteristics of intradural facial schwannoma (FS) and discuss management strategies. Method: Retrospective review of clinical charts. Results: Six patients were diagnosed, based on surgical findings, as having intradural FS. None of the patients complained initially of facial weakness, but all showed severe disturbance of hearing function assessed on admission. FS was suspected in four of our six patients because of imaging findings or facial palsy caused by a small tumor. Total removal was performed in five cases followed by facial nerve reconstruction, and nearly total removal was performed in one case. Most patients recovered to Grade II or III palsy during the follow-up, and long-lasting palsy before surgery showed poor recovery. Conclusion: Imaging findings such as tumor extension to the middle fossa and clinical findings such as facial palsy caused by a small rumor strongly suggest a diagnosis of FS. Facial function can be restored satisfactorily for most patients after appropriate surgery. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Low velocity traumatic dissection of the internal carotid artery presenting as a stroke after a slash injury; Low velocity traumatic dissection of the carotid artery is an infrequent but serious complication of blunt cranio-cervical injury. A 25-year-old man was hit by a blunt sickle over his chest and left side of his neck, and sustained open wounds over zone II of the neck. At that time, he had no neurological deficits and the wounds were sutured primarily. On the sixth day, while he was undergoing a change of dressing for the wounds, he suddenly became unconscious, and on recovery hours later, he was aphasic. Computed tomography showed a left posterior fronto-temporal ischaemic infarct in the territory of the middle cerebral artery. Colour Doppler ultrasonography showed an intimal tear and thrombus in the left common carotid artery. We discuss the possible mechanism of neurological deficits and also emphasise that in any patient with blunt injury to the neck, new neurological deficits should prompt us to suspect carotid artery injuries.
Isolated double herpes zoster paresis involving the left facial nerve and the right peroneal nerve following disseminated herpes zoster; A 72-year-old Japanese male developed disseminated herpes zoster and could not easily walk due to right drop foot and pain. He soon developed numbness and pain on the left side of his face, and noticed difficulty closing his left eye. The left angle of his mouth drooped. The patient was diagnosed as having a double mononeuropathy (a left facial nerve paresis and a right peroneal nerve paresis) following disseminated herpes zoster. Given that the patient was elderly and had diabetes mellitus, the patient appeared to be an immunocompromised host. We also describe other rare complications of herpes zoster from the published work. © 2007 Japanese Dermatological Association.
Facial nerve palsy associated with a low serum vitamin A level in an infant with cystic fibrosis; A previously healthy 10-week-old infant presented with isolated unilateral facial nerve paralysis which progressed to bilateral paralysis over a 2-week period. Evaluation including MRI and CT of the brain and facial nerve, CSF evaluation and EMG yielded no diagnosis. A single F508 gene mutation on the newborn screen prompted sweat chloride testing which confirmed a diagnosis of cystic fibrosis. On measurement of fat-soluble vitamins, levels of vitamin A were approximately 10% of the lower normal range, in the absence of objective evidence of pseudotumor cerebri. This case emphasizes an important association between hypovitaminosis A, cystic fibrosis and facial nerve palsy. © 2006 European Cystic Fibrosis Society.
Benign angiopathy of the central nervous system presenting with intracerebral hemorrhage; Background: Primary central nervous system vasculitis has traditionally been described as an aggressive condition, with significant morbidity and mortality. A subgroup of patients has been identified who have a similar clinical presentation, but with a benign course. This syndrome of BACNS is successfully treated with low-dose steroids and calcium-channel blockers. Histologic confirmation, when performed, is normal. Methods: Intracerebral hemorrhage is a rare presenting finding in the setting of BACNS. We present 2 patients with acute onset of headache and neurologic impairment secondary to an ICH. Results: Cerebral angiography showed characteristic findings of diffuse vasculitis. Both patients were subjected to biopsy and both failed to reveal evidence of vasculitis. Conclusion: This report is the first to document the normal histologic features of BACNS in the setting of an ICH. Although these angiographic changes are similar to vasculitis, these processes can be differentiated on clinical grounds, which is of vital importance as the treatment and clinical course of BACNS is more benign. Furthermore, the presence of an ICH in the setting of vasoconstriction seen on angiography may represent a novel feature in some patients with BACNS and is not necessarily a harbinger of the more malignant PCNSV. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment of anomia with contextual priming: Exploration of a modified procedure with additional semantic and phonological tasks; Background: We present an anomia treatment study using a modified contextual priming (CP) technique for two anomic participants. The reason for the modification attempt is that the most recent studies have indicated that the CP procedure is less effective in the case of impairment to lexical-semantic processes than in the case of phonological deficits (see Martin, Fink, & Laine, 2004a; Martin, Fink, Laine, & Ayala, 2004b; Renvall, Laine, & Martin, 2005). Aims: Our aim is to study the within- and post-treatment effects of a modified CP procedure and especially whether additional semantic tasks can increase benefits from the CP treatment. Methods & Procedures: The treatment was conducted for two participants with acquired anomia: LV has primarily a semantic component underlying her anomia, while JP suffers primarily from a phoneme-sequencing deficit. The CP procedure encompassed repeated cycles of spontaneous naming attempts and repetition of target names using arrays of multiple pictures where the targets were either semantically related or unrelated. Our modification was to add picture-to-word matching and phonological "rhyming syllable identification" with the targets to the training sequence. The treatment was carried out in a single-subject multiple-baseline design consisting of several baseline measurements, treatment sessions along with within-treatment measurements, and a post-treatment measurement 1.5 months later. Outcomes & Results: Both participants showed short-term facilitation of naming target items in all treatment conditions. For LV, post-treatment improvement of naming was statistically significant in the semantic condition irrespective of additional task type, even though the improvement was strongest when the semantic condition was coupled with the additional semantic tasks. In the case of JP, post-treatment improvement was observed in the semantic condition coupled with additional semantic tasks, and in the unrelated condition with both semantic and phonological tasks. No strong evidence of generalisation to untreated items was observed for either of the participants. Conclusions: The modified CP procedure can provide longer-term improvement of naming target items than the CP training without additional tasks in the face of a lexical-semantic deficit. With lexical-semantic disturbance, the semantic context provided the best results. However, the nature of the additional tasks (semantic vs phonological) appeared to be less important for the treatment of target naming.
Gamma knife surgery for facial nerve schwannomas; OBJECTIVE: Radical resection of facial nerve schwannomas classically implies a high risk of severe facial palsy. Owing to the rarity of facial palsy after gamma knife surgery (GKS) of vestibular schwannomas, functional evaluation after GKS seems rational in this specific group of patients. To our knowledge, no previous similar evaluation exists in the literature. METHODS: Of 1783 schwannomas of the cerebellopontine angles treated by GKS at Timone University Hospital between July 1992 and May 2003, 11 were diagnosed as originating from the facial nerve. Criteria for this diagnosis were the involvement of the tympanic or mastoid segment of the facial nerve (n = 9) and/or preoperative observation of a facial nerve deficit that had occurred during previous microsurgery (two patients). The rare occurrence of facial palsy after vestibular schwannoma radiosurgery, usually within 18 months of treatment, has been considered only in the patients with more than 2 years of follow-up (n = 9). RESULTS: Six of these patients experienced a previous spontaneous facial palsy on one (n = 4) or several occasions (n = 2). A normal motor facial function was observed in only three patients before GKS (House-Brackmann Grade II in six patients, Grade III in one patient, Grade IV in one patient). The median follow-up period was 39 months (range, 18-84 mo). At the time of the last follow-up examination, no patients had developed a new facial palsy or experienced deterioration of a preexisting facial palsy and three patients had improvement of a preoperative facial palsy. Ten out of the 11 tumors are stable or decreased in size; in the other, a microsurgical resection of the tumor had been recommended owing to the development of a cyst. Clinical management owing to the specificity and heterogeneity of this group of patients has required the development of an original classification of four anatomic subtypes presenting different clinical and surgical difficulties. CONCLUSION: This first study demonstrates that radiosurgery allows treatment of these patients while preserving normal motor facial function. Such an advantage should lead to the consideration of GKS as a first treatment option for small- to medium-size facial nerve schwannomas. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Train time as a quantitative electromyographic parameter for facial nerve function in patients undergoing surgery for vestibular schwannoma; Object. The authors describe a quantitative electromyographic (EMG) parameter for intraoperative monitoring of facial nerve function during vestibular schwannoma removal. This parameter is based on the automated detection of A trains, an EMG pattern that is known to be associated with postoperative facial nerve paresis. Methods. For this study, 40 patients were examined. During the entire operative procedure, free-running EMG signals were recorded in muscles targeted by the facial nerve. A software program specifically designed for this purpose was used to analyze these continuous recordings offline. By automatically adding up time intervals during which A trains occurred, a quantitative parameter was calculated, which was named "train time." A strong correlation between the length of train time (measured in seconds) and deterioration of postoperative facial nerve function was demonstrated. Certain consecutive safety thresholds at 0.5 and 10 seconds were defined. Their transgression reliably indicated postoperative facial nerve paresis. At less than a 10-second train time, discrete worsening, and at more than 10 seconds, profound deterioration of facial nerve function can be anticipated. Conclusions. Train time as a quantitative parameter was shown to be a reliable indicator of facial nerve paresis after surgery for vestibular schwannoma.
Cranial nerve involvement in malignant external otitis: Implications for clinical outcome; BACKGROUND: Malignant external otitis is an uncommon, potentially lethal infection of the temporal bone primarily affecting elderly diabetic patients. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether cranial nerve involvement in malignant external otitis affects or predicts the clinical outcome in terms of morbidity and mortality. METHODS: Diagnosis of malignant external otitis was established in 23 patients (average age, 71 yr; range, 39-87) based on inclusion criteria of severe pain, otitis externa refractory to conventional treatments, diabetes mellitus, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa detection. Computed tomography confirmed temporal bone involvement extending outside the external auditory canal. DATA ANALYSIS: Retrospective analysis of hospital records. RESULTS: Ten of 23 (43.5%) patients showed cranial nerve involvement. The following cranial nerves were affected: facial nerve (6/10), lower cranial nerves (combination of IX, X, XI, XII) (3/10), and extended nerve palsy (VI, VII, IX, X, XI) (1/10). Thirteen of 23 (56.5%) patients displayed no cranial nerve involvement. All patients were treated with long-term, high-dose antibiotic treatment dependent on the microbiological findings. CONCLUSIONS: All patients with lower cranial nerve palsy recovered normal function; however, the facial nerve palsy was significantly less likely to improve by medical treatment. Cranial nerve involvement did not affect the patient survival rate under an optimized medical treatment in our series. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Statins provoking MELAS syndrome: A case report; Background: Statins inhibit the production of 2,3-dimethoxy,5-methyl,6- polyisoprene parabenzoquinone also known as ubiquinone or coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10), which is required for mitochondrial electron transport. Idiopathic or primary CoQ10 deficiencies have been known to cause mitochondrial encephalomyopathy. Methods: We present the case of a patient with mitochondrial syndrome, consisting of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (MELAS), whose symptoms were temporally related to statin therapy. Conclusion: Statins may provoke symptoms related to MELAS in susceptible individuals. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG.
A patient with encephalitis associated with NMDA receptor antibodies; Background: A 34-year-old woman presented with headache, feverish sensation and anxiety, rapidly followed by homicidal ideation, aggressive agitation, seizures, hypoventilation, hyperthermia and prominent autonomic instability requiring intubation and sedation. She developed episodes of hypotension and bradycardia with periods of asystole lasting up to 15 seconds. Upon weaning off sedation, her eyes opened but she was unresponsive to stimuli. There was muscle rigidity, frequent facial grimacing, rhythmic abdominal contractions, kicking motions of the legs, and intermittent dystonic postures of the right arm. Investigations: Routine laboratory testing, toxicology screening, studies for autoimmune and infectious etiologies, brain MRI scan, lumbar puncture, electroencephalogram, whole-body CT scan, abdominal ultrasound, paraneoplastic and voltage-gated potassium channel antibody serologies, analysis of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antibodies. Diagnosis: Paraneoplastic encephalitis associated with immature teratoma of the ovary and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antibodies. Management: Intensive care, mechanical ventilation, antiepileptics, laparotomy and left salpingo-oophorectomy, corticosteroids, plasma exchange, intravenous immunoglobulin, cyclophosphamide, physical therapy, and chemotherapy.
Safety and feasibility of intra-arterial nicardipine for the treatment of subarachnoid hemorrhage-associated vasospasm: Initial clinical experience with high-dose infusions; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Delayed cerebral ischemia from vasospasm is a major complication after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), but complications and/or low efficacy are associated with current therapy. We report our initial experience with intra-arterial use of a calcium channel blocker, nicardipine. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective review of a consecutive series of patients with clinical and angiographic vasospasm treated with intra-arterial nicardipine was performed. Standard criteria for definition of significant, intractable vasospasm after aneurysmal SAH were used. After catheter angiographic confirmation of vasospasm, arteries showing severe narrowing were targeted for super-selective catheterization. Nicardipine was infused at a high dose rate (0.415-0.81 mg/min). Contrast injections were performed at 2-5-mg intervals to assess effective response (a 60% increase in arterial diameter of the most severely decreased in caliber vessel compared with the very first angiographic run). RESULTS: Eleven consecutive patients underwent a total of 20 procedures; most had SAH with high Hunt and Hess grades (III or IV). All had depressed level of consciousness; others had paresis (7/20, 35%), aphasia (1/20, 5%), and facial nerve palsy (1/20, 5%). Between 10 and 40 mg of nicardipine was used. A 60% increase in diameter of the main affected artery compared with the initial diameter measured in the initial angiographic run was achieved in all procedures. Clinical improvement (resolved focal symptoms or increased Glasgow Coma Score) occurred in 10 of 11 patients (91%). One patient died from complications of the initial hemorrhage. No complications occurred after 16 of 20 procedures (80%); minor complications without sequelae occurred after the remaining procedures. Follow-up of at least 2 months in 10 survivors revealed minor or no deficits in most patients with a Glasgow Outcome Score of 1 or 2 in 9 of 10 patients (90%). CONCLUSION: In this small series, high-dose intra-arterial nicardipine infusion to treat SAH-associated vasospasm seems to be safe and effective.
Vasculitic neuropathy in a patient with hereditary C1 inhibitor deficiency; Objective: To report the clinical, pathological, and mutational features of hereditary C1 inhibitor (C1INH) deficiency as a cause of isolated vasculitic neuropathy. Patient: A 35-year-old woman with sensorimotor mononeuritis multiplex and facial palsy. Results: The sural nerve biopsy results showed a decrease of myelinated fibers with axonal degeneration and severe hypersensitivity vasculitis, with deposition of C1q on vessel walls. Mutational analysis of the C1INH gene found a new mutation, a heterozygous 2-base pair deletion in exon 8. The patient was treated with plasmapheresis and intravenous methylprednisolone, followed by oral prednisolone, which resulted in marked improvement. Conclusion: Hereditary C1INH deficiency should be included in the differential diagnosis of nonsystemic vasculitis neuropathy. ©2007 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Treatment of upper airway obstruction in infants with micrognathia using mandibular distraction osteogenesis; Mandibular distraction osteogenesis has become an accepted alternative treatment for infants and children with upper airway obstruction associated with micrognathia. Several reports exist that purport the efficacy of mandibular distraction in these patients, such as preventing tracheostomy or facilitating tracheostomy removal. However, the majority of these studies are retrospective reviews with small cohorts and relatively short-term follow-up. Consequently, the ideal indications, pre- and postoperative evaluation, timing, and treatment are subject to controversy and not currently well established. Significantly less attention has been given to short- and long-term complications of mandibular distraction, such as effects on the developing tooth buds, impact on future mandibular development, and temporomandibular joint abnormalities. This article reviews the basic principles of distraction osteogenesis, summarizes the outcomes of recent literature involving pediatric mandibular distraction including this author's experience, and discusses the known and potential adverse sequelae of mandibular distraction. Before a clearly defined role of mandibular distraction in the treatment of infants with micrognathia-associated upper airway obstruction can be established, additional prospective studies are necessary to delineate its benefits and limitations. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Comparison of the outcomes of internal-fixation versus bolster-suture tarsorrhaphy; PURPOSE: To compare the outcomes of 2 techniques of permanent tarsorrhaphy. METHODS: The clinical records of 30 patients who underwent tarsorrhaphy at a single university-based hospital clinic were reviewed. Patients underwent permanent tarsorrhaphy because they had a nonresolving facial palsy, neurotrophic keratopathy unresponsive to medical treatment, or both. Permanent tarsorrhaphies were carried out by either internal fixation tarsorrhaphy or rubber bolster suture tarsorrhaphy. RESULTS: The overall success (100%) of internal fixation tarsorrhaphy on 12 patients (ages, 42.0 ± 17.6 years) was significantly better than that of rubber bolster suture tarsorrhaphy (44.4%) on 18 patients (ages, 40.6 ± 25.5 years) (Mann-Whitney U test, p = 0.01). Of the 10 patients who had unsuccessful outcomes, 8 (80%) had their eyelids separated within the first 3 postoperative weeks. Patients whose surgical outcomes were deemed successful were followed for a period of 21.4 ± 10.7 weeks (range, 11-52 weeks). CONCLUSIONS: Internal fixation tarsorrhaphy is associated with a more favorable outcome than rubber bolster suture tarsorrhaphy in patients who require permanent eyelid closure. ©2007The American Society of Opthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Inc.
Linezolid activity against disseminated Listeria monocytogenes meningitis and central nervous system abscesses: Focus on early drug myelotoxicity; A very infrequent report of Listeria monocytogenes meningitis and multiple subtentorial abscesses (cerebellar, bulbar, and pontine in location), occurred in an immunocompetent man, and is described and discussed on the ground of the most recent literature evidences regarding the frequency, presentation, and outcome of this disease. The possibility to resort to combination linezolid therapy in patients who appear to be not responsive to first-line treatment of cerebral abscess of definite origin, and the appearance of anemia as an early untoward event of this novel oxazolidinone antibiotic, are also debated. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Unilateral facial nerve paralysis after electrocution injury; We present a case of acute, unilateral facial nerve paralysis in a patient who had received a low voltage electrical current. This is an extremely rare cause of this neurological condition. The patient regained complete neurological function approximately three months after the incident. Unilateral facial nerve paralysis most commonly occurs due to infection or blunt or penetrating trauma; it has not been previously reported as a result of low voltage electrical injury. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Combination of hypoglossal-facial nerve jump graft by end-to-side neurorrhaphy and cross-face nerve graft for the treatment of facial paralysis; The cross-face nerve graft and the interpositional jump graft were performed simultaneously for 13 patients with facial paralysis. The period between the onset of paralysis and surgery ranged from 3 to 32 weeks. In nine patients, surgery was performed within 3 months of the onset of paralysis. The patients in whom reinnervation by both grafts succeeded could smile without closing their eyes by moving the tongue and could close the eye on the affected side without an accompanying oral movement. The expression was natural and included fine muscle movements. Spontaneous recovery of the facial nerve was observed in three patients. Among patients who showed functional recovery without spontaneous recovery, House-Brackman's palsy grade was II in one patient, III in five patients, and IV in one patient. Functional deficits of the tongue were not observed. We recommend that this surgery be performed within 3 months of onset of paralysis. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Bilateral and recurrent facial palsy due to lymphoma: A case report; Objective: To discuss about management of facial paralysis reccurence and to highlight the ENT's important role in the diagnosis of systemic diseases. Material and methods: This article presents a case report about a contralateral facial palsy recurrence, two months later, in a fifty-two year's old woman. This cranial nerves involvement was due to non-Hodgkin lymphoma with neuro-meningeal spreading. The first palsy had completely recovered with steroids. The early recurrence of the palsy and the lymph nodes areas exam lead to the diagnosis. The patient was treated by chemotherapy with good neuromeningeal diffusion. The facial score rapidly improved, according to facial electromyography results. Discussion: Specific biological and radiological explorations are usually carried out in recurrent facial palsy. Complete clinical examination and cerebrospinal fluid study are useful in this case. Moreover, it should be preferable to do these explorations before steroid therapy. A diffuse meningeal enhancement on the MRI can complete sometimes clinical and biological data. Conclusion: Cranial nerves involvement is sometimes one of the first symptoms of neuro-meningeal lymphoma. Facial palsy reccurence has to conduce ENT pratician to do more specific explorations, of which CSF analysis is required.
The incidence of complications using new landmarks and a modified technique of canine fossa puncture; Background: Canine fossa puncture (CFP) is a technique that improves access to the maxillary sinus and may be required to ensure complete disease removal from this sinus. Traditional approaches through the canine fossa often have resulted in injury to branches of the infraorbital nerve. The aim of this study was to determine the frequency, severity, and duration of complications using recently described landmarks for determining the optimal site for anatomically directed CFP (aCFP) and a new endoscopic retractor and drill guide that enable endoscopically guided canine fossa trephination (eCFT). These complication rates have been compared with those that we have described previously using a standard technique of CFP. Methods: A total of 63 patients were included with 36 bilateral procedures giving a total number of 99 procedures performed. Of these, 32 procedures were performed using anatomic landmarks (aCFP) and 67 were performed with additional endoscopic guidance (eCFT). Patients were assessed at a mean time of 12.6 months (range, 3-26 months) after surgery by telephonic survey and their complications were assessed and graded for severity on a 0- to 10-point scale. Results: The combined frequency of adverse events after aCFP and eCFT were 45% compared with the previously reported 76% with the traditional technique (p = 0.001). The number of patients complaining of persisting adverse effects was reduced from 29% after CFP to 5% after aCFP and eCFT (p < 0.001). The 67 eCFT technique had a significantly lower frequency of adverse events (40%) than the aCFP technique (53%; p < 0.05). Conclusion: The recently described landmarks to site the CFP result in statistically fewer complications. This complication rate is further reduced if CFT is performed under direct endoscopic vision. Copyright © 2007, OceanSide Publications, Inc.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting as polyneuropayhy - A case report and review of the literature; We report a clinical case of a young, previously well woman who presented with multiple neuropathies, both peripheral and cranial and who was subsequently confirmed to have Wegener's Granulomatosis with minimal respiratory symptoms or renal involvement. The case illustrates the difficulties in diagnosing this rare condition when the cardinal features are not present, but serves to illustrate the importance of disease identification when other, atypical sites, that have a particular preponderance for morbidity i.e. the nervous system, are involved.
Recruitment and retention in a multicentre randomised controlled trial in Bell's palsy: A case study; Background. It is notoriously difficult to recruit patients to randomised controlled trials in primary care. This is particularly true when the disease process under investigation occurs relatively infrequently and must be investigated during a brief time window. Bell's palsy, an acute unilateral paralysis of the facial nerve is just such a relatively rare condition. In this case study we describe the organisational issues presented in setting up a large randomised controlled trial of the management of Bell's palsy across primary and secondary care in Scotland and how we managed to successfully recruit and retain patients presenting in the community. Methods. Where possible we used existing evidence on recruitment strategies to maximise recruitment and retention. We consider that the key issues in the success of this study were; the fact that the research was seen as clinically important by the clinicians who had initial responsibility for recruitment; employing an experienced trial co-ordinator and dedicated researchers willing to recruit participants seven days per week and to visit them at home at a time convenient to them, hence reducing missed patients and ensuring they were retained in the study; national visibility and repeated publicity at a local level delivered by locally based principal investigators well known to their primary care community; encouraging recruitment by payment to practices and reducing the workload of the referring doctors by providing immediate access to specialist care; good collaboration between primary and secondary care and basing local investigators in the otolarnygology trial centres. Results. Although the recruitment rate did not meet our initial expectations, enhanced retention meant that we exceeded our planned target of recruiting 550 patients within the planned time-scale. Conclusion. While difficult, recruitment to and retention within multi-centre trials from primary care can be successfully achieved through the application of the best available evidence, establishing good relationships with practices, minimising the workload of those involved in recruitment and offering enhanced care to all participants. Primary care trialists should describe their experiences of the methods used to persuade patients to participate in their trials when publishing their results. © 2007 McKinstry et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Too much bone: The middle ear in sclerosing bone dysplasias; The middle ear changes in Sclerosteosis and Van Buchem disease are described. Reduced bone resorption occurs due to faulty activity of the sclerostin molecule, a product of the recently discovered SOST gene in chromosome 17. Syndactyly draws attention to scleroteosis, and a conductive hearing loss develops before age six in both conditions. Acute, repeated attacks of facial palsy, similar to Bell's palsy, are usually the first symptoms in both conditions. Total facial nerve decompression can stop the attacks of facial paralysis. The hearing loss is a problem because new bone formation continues up to age 21. Life saving craniectomy becomes necessary when increased intracranial pressure develops, and this may have to repeated. The sclerostin molecule is now of major interest to the researchers who want to develop a treatment for osteoporosis. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG.
Physical therapy in peripheral facial paralysis: Retrospective study; Peripheral facial paralysis requires specialized treatment. Physical therapy aims at reestablishing facial movements. The aim of this study was to describe and to analyze physical therapy results for individuals with peripheral facial paralysis. Study design: Retrospective study. Method: A retrospective study was carried out at the University Hospital, authorized by the Statistics and Medical File Services, from 1999 to 2003. Data are presented in descriptive form with mean and median values for numeric variables and frequency for categorical variables. Results: Twenty-three files were analyzed during four years. Females predominated and the average age was of 32.3 years (SD±16.5); 14 idiopathic and five trauma cases; 12 with total motor deficit and 11 with partial motor deficit; in the 12 cases that underwent final evaluation, seven had partial and five had total recovery. The physical therapy program used was kinesiotherapy and patient education. Conclusion: In this study, individuals were similar to individuals in other populations. They were treated with kinesiotherapy, as suggested by the scientific literature and recovered. 1933 / 2007 © - Associação Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia e Cirurgia Cérvico Facial. All rights reserved.
Bell's palsy associated with influenza vaccination: Two case reports; The etiology of Bell's palsy is often unknown. We present herein two cases of adults who developed a Bell's palsy following the administration of an influenza vaccine. While the incidence is low, with the widespread recommendation for annual influenza vaccines, patients should be apprised of the possibility of this complication and the benefit of early treatment. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Interleukin-1-receptor antagonist in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: The expression of interleukin-1-receptor antagonist is reduced in pancreatic islets of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and high glucose concentrations induce the production of interleukin-1β in human pancreatic beta cells, leading to impaired insulin secretion, decreased cell proliferation, and apoptosis. Methods: In this double-blind, parallel-group trial involving 70 patients with type 2 diabetes, we randomly assigned 34 patients to receive 100 mg of anakinra (a recombinant human interleukin-1- receptor antagonist) subcutaneously once daily for 13 weeks and 36 patients to receive placebo. At baseline and at 13 weeks, all patients underwent an oral glucose-tolerance test, followed by an intravenous bolus of 0.3 g of glucose per kilogram of body weight, 0.5 mg of glucagon, and 5 g of arginine. In addition, 35 patients underwent a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp study. The primary end point was a change in the level of glycated hemoglobin, and secondary end points were changes in beta-cell function, insulin sensitivity, and inflammatory markers. Results: At 13 weeks, in the anakinra group, the glycated hemoglobin level was 0.46 percentage point lower than in the placebo group (P = 0.03); C-peptide secretion was enhanced (P = 0.05), and there were reductions in the ratio of proinsulin to insulin (P = 0.005) and in levels of interleukin-6 (P<0.001) and C-reactive protein (P = 0.002). Insulin resistance, insulin-regulated gene expression in skeletal muscle, serum adipokine levels, and the body-mass index were similar in the two study groups. Symptomatic hypoglycemia was not observed, and there were no apparent drugrelated serious adverse events. Conclusions: The blockade of interleukin-1 with anakinra improved glycemia and beta-cell secretory function and reduced markers of systemic inflammation. Copyright © 2007 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved.
A dramatic response to rituximab in a patient with resistant thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) who developed acute stroke; Background: Refractory condition can occur in 10-30% of all cases of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura despite increased frequency of total plasma exchange. Rituximab can affect the clinical outcome of the refractory cases. However, little is known about usefulness of rituximab on central nervous system involvement mimicking acute ischemic stroke. Methods: We report the case of a woman with refractory thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura who developed an acute onset right sided paralysis, dysarthria, and central facial paralysis, suggestive of cerebrovascular accident while under plasma exchange, corticosteroid, and vincristine therapy. Results: After initiation of rituximab (375 mg/m2 weekly for 4 weeks), a dramatic response occurred and the patient's neurologic function recovered fully within days. Sustained remission was achieved, and the patient was well 1 year after her admission, while she was on azathioprine treatment. Conclusion: This report suggests that rituximabcan provide a good outcome of the dramatic central nervous system involvement in patients with thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2006.
Low-dose subcutaneous injection of botulinum toxin type A for facial synkinesis and hyperlacrimation; Objective - To investigate the efficacy of low dose of botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) for facial synkinesis and hyperlacrimation. Material and methods - Eleven patients suffering from facial synkinesis after Bell's palsy or facial nerve injury were treated with a low dose of BTX-A, 0.5-1.25 U per point into several points. One patient showing hyperlacrimation was also treated with BTX-A. The whole observational period was 43 months. Results - On average, 5.76 U of BTX-A, which was lower than that of previous reports, was injected per treatment. In seven cases, synkinesis disappeared completely after three or fewer sessions of BTX-A injection. The mean interval between treatments was 14.5 weeks. Hyperlacrimation was completely suppressed after a single subcutaneous injection of BTX-A. Only mild subcutaneous hemorrhage was observed as adverse reactions. Conclusion - Facial synkinesis can be treated with a lower dose of BTX-A without relevant adverse reactions. © 2007 The Authors.
An Unusual Cause of 'Ptosis'; A 29-year-old man with a history of dental restoration procedure was referred for a left Bell's palsy. At the emergency department, he complained instead of deteriorating unilateral ptosis and dysphagia. Incidentally, trismus was also noted. He was diagnosed with cephalic tetanus, which rapidly progressed to generalized tetanus. Ptosis is an unusual presenting complaint of tetanus. In this case, we attempt to explain how facial weakness, ptosis, and cephalic tetanus are all related. We also highlight the key aspects of tetanus in relation to the emergency physician. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Use of a dynamic foot pressure index to monitor the effects of treatment for equinus gait in children with cerebral palsy; The purpose of this study is to introduce and describe a newly developed index using foot pressure analysis to quantify the degree of equinus gait in children with cerebral palsy before and after injection with botulinum toxin. Data were captured preinjection and 12 weeks postinjection. Ten children aged 21/2 to 61/2 years took part (5 boys and 5 girls). Three of them had a diagnosis of spastic diplegia and 7 of congenital hemiplegia. In total, 13 limbs were analyzed. After orientation and segmentation of raw pedobarographic data, we determined a dynamic foot pressure index graded 0 to 100 that quantified the relative degree of heel and forefoot contact during stance. These data were correlated (Pearson correlation) with clinical measurements of dorsiflexion at the ankle (on a slow and fast stretch) and video observation (using the Observational Gait Scale). Pedobarograph data were strongly correlated with both the Observational Gait Scale scores (R = 0.79, P < 0.005) and clinical measurements of dorsiflexion on a fast stretch, which is reflective of spasticity (R = 0.70, P < 0.005). We demonstrated the index's sensitivity in detecting changes in spasticity and good correlation with video observations seems to indicate this technique's potential validity. When manipulated and segmented appropriately, and with the development of a simple ordinal index, we found that foot pressure data provided a useful tool in tracking changes in patients with spastic equinus. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The role of botulinum toxin in the management of head and neck cancer patients; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: In this review article different relevant applications of botulinum toxin type A are demonstrated in patients with head and neck cancer. RECENT FINDINGS: Patients with head and neck cancers of different etiologies often suffer from disorders concerning their musculature (for example, synkinesis in mimic muscles) or gland secretion in the head and neck region. This leads to many problems and reduces their quality of life. The application of botulinum toxin type A can improve movement disorders like synkinesis following reconstructive surgery in patients with cancers of the parotid gland, spasms of the pharyngo-esophageal musculature following laryngectomies and disorders of the autonomous nerve system like hypersalivation, hyperlacrimation and pathological sweating. SUMMARY: The application of botulinum toxin type A is a helpful and minimally invasive treatment option in different functional disorders improving the quality of life in patients with head and neck cancers of different etiologies. Side effects are rare. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Mycobacterium simiae cervical lymphadenitis; Mycobacterium simiae, a multidrug-resistant, opportunistic acid-fast bacillus, usually causes infection in immunocompromised hosts. We describe a previously healthy child with M. simiae necrotizing granulomatous cervical lymphadenitis. Cure was achieved with excision of the affected nodes and adjunctive antimicrobial therapy. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Development of a mucosal vaccine for influenza viruses: Preparation for a potential influenza pandemic; Highly pathogenic avian H5N1 influenza A virus has caused influenza outbreaks in poultry and migratory birds in Southeast Asia, Africa and Europe, and there is concern that it could cause a new pandemic. This fear of an emerging pandemic of a new influenza strain underscores the urgency of preparing effective vaccines to meet the pandemic. One way to mitigate current concerns is to develop an influenza vaccine that is fully functional against drift influenza viruses. In our current situation, in which we cannot predict which strain will cause a pandemic, cross-protective immunity using potential and novel mucosal vaccines plays a particularly important role in preventing the spread of highly pathogenic influenza virus. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd.
Pulmonary vaccine delivery; This review will discuss developments in the field of pulmonary vaccine delivery. The possibilities of adopting aerosol-generation technology and specific pharmaceutical formulations for the purpose of pulmonary immunization are described. Aerosol-generation systems might offer advantages with respect to vaccine stability and antigenicity. Adjuvants and their inclusion in vaccine-delivery systems are described. Other formulation components, such as surfactants, particulate systems and dispersion of the aerosols are detailed in this paper. The noninvasive, relatively safe and low-cost nature of pulmonary delivery may provide great benefits to the public health vaccination campaign. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd.
Intracanalicular meningioma: Clinical features, radiologic findings, and surgical management; OBJECTIVE: Intracanalicular meningiomas are extremely rare, and only 36 cases have been reported to date. The aim of this study is to describe the clinical, radiologic, and histopathologic features of 13 intracanalicular meningiomas highlighting important aspects of tumor diagnosis and treatment. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective study. SETTING: Quaternary referral otology and cranial base private center. PATIENTS: Thirteen consecutive patients with pathologically confirmed intracanalicular meningioma surgically treated between December 1988 and July 2006. The follow-up of the series ranged from 13 to 60 months. INTERVENTIONS: Nine patients with unserviceable hearing were operated on through the translabyrinthine approach. Four patients underwent enlarged middle cranial fossa approach with the intention of preserving their hearing. RESULTS: Total tumor removal was achieved in all cases. The postoperative facial nerve function was either excellent or good (House-Brackmann Grade I or II) in 10 cases (77%) and acceptable (Grade III) in one case. Two patients with preoperative facial paresis showed no improvement in their facial nerve function. In patients who underwent surgery via the enlarged middle cranial fossa, hearing was preserved at the preoperative level in two cases, but serviceable hearing was lost in the remaining two. CONCLUSION: Primary meningiomas of the internal auditory canal are extremely rare. On account of a lack of specific symptoms and the limited diagnostic findings, preoperative diagnosis of intracanalicular meningioma still represents a diagnostic challenge. Intraoperative findings may help in differentiating meningiomas from other intracanalicular lesions. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Facial paralysis associated with cholesteatoma: A review of 13 cases; OBJECTIVE: Report the clinical presentation and outcome of the cases of 13 patients with facial paralysis and acquired middle ear and mastoid cholesteatoma. PATIENTS: Patients with acquired cholesteatoma of the middle ear presenting with facial paralysis. INTERVENTIONS: Surgical treatment of the cholesteatoma and decompression of the facial nerve. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The type and the timing of surgery, the intraoperative findings, and the postoperative facial nerve results were analyzed and related to the preoperative facial nerve function. RESULTS: All patients treated less than 7 days after the onset of the paralysis showed a normal facial function at long-term follow-up; patients who were operated on 7 days or more after the onset of paralysis showed a variable outcome. Statistical analysis showed a bigger number of House-Brackmann grade I in patients operated on within the first week of paralysis (p = 0.031). CONCLUSION: The prognosis of facial paralysis is related to the time of intervention. Early diagnosis and treatment of cholesteatoma represent, however, the mainstay of treatment. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Valacyclovir and prednisolone treatment for Bell's palsy: A multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled study; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of valacyclovir and prednisolone in comparison with those of placebo and prednisolone for the treatment of Bell's palsy, excluding zoster sine herpete. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective, multicenter, randomized placebo-controlled study. SETTING: Six academic tertiary referral centers. PATIENTS: Ultimately, 221 patients with Bell's palsy who were treated within 7 days of the onset. Serological and polymerase chain reaction examinations were performed to distinguish Bell's palsy from zoster sine herpete. INTERVENTION: The patients were treated with either valacyclovir (dosage, 1,000 mg/d for 5 days) plus prednisolone (VP [n = 114]) or placebo plus prednisolone (PP [n = 107]) administered orally. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Recovery from the palsy was defined as a score higher than 36 using Yanagihara 40-point scoring system without facial contracture or synkinesis. The patients were followed up until complete recovery occurred or for more than 6 months in cases with a poor prognosis. RESULTS: The overall rate of patient recovery among those treated with VP (96.5%) was significantly better (p < 0.05) than the rate among those treated with PP (89.7%). The rate of patient recovery was also analyzed by classifying the initial severity of facial palsy. In cases of complete or severe palsy, the rates of patients treated with VP and PP who recovered were 95.7% (n = 92) and 86.6% (n = 82), respectively; the recovery rate for treatment with VP was significantly better than that with PP (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The valacyclovir and prednisolone therapy was more effective in treating Bell's palsy, excluding zoster sine herpete, than the conventional prednisolone therapy. To our knowledge, this is the first controlled study of an antiviral agent in the treatment of a sufficient number of Bell's palsy cases based on an etiologic background. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Delayed facial palsy in a patient with a bifid facial nerve lending support for viral theory of facial palsy; OBJECTIVE: To describe the level of neurologic impairment in a case of delayed facial palsy occurring after cochlear implantation surgery. PATIENT: A 58-year-old man undergoing cochlear implantation who was found intraoperatively to have congenital bifurcation of the facial nerve just distal to the second genu. INTERVENTION: Cochlear implantation was performed through a facial recess approach. RESULTS: The lateral branch of the nerve impinged on the posterior tympanotomy slot and was uncovered during the procedure, rendering it vulnerable to direct thermal or mechanical injury or to the effects of local tissue injury products. The patient developed facial palsy 9 days later, affecting all facial muscle groups equally. CONCLUSION: Theories regarding the cause of delayed facial palsy after cochlear implantation include direct thermal or mechanical injury to the nerve, local effects of blood breakdown products or other mediators causing vasospasm, and reactivation of latent herpes virus, leading to neural inflammation and neuropathy of the geniculate and labyrinthine segments of the nerve. The fact that the patient developed weakness that affected all facial muscle groups equally suggests that the level of neurologic impairment was proximal to the nerve bifurcation, so distant to the actual site of surgery. This finding lends support for the viral hypothesis of delayed nerve palsy. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Botulinum toxin type A prophylactic treatment of episodic migraine: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled exploratory study; Objective. - This exploratory trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of multiple treatments of botulinum toxin type A (BoNTA; BOTOX®, Allergan, Inc., Irvine, CA, USA) as prophylactic treatment of episodic migraine headaches. Design and Methods. - This was an 11-month randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, exploratory study. Patients were screened during a 30-day baseline period, and eligible patients with 4 or more migraine episodes and ≤15 headache days entered a single-blind 30-day placebo run-in period. Patients were classified as placebo nonresponders (PNR) if they had at least 4 moderate-to-severe migraine episodes and did not experience at least a 50% decrease from baseline in the frequency of migraine episodes following their placebo treatment. All other subjects were classified as placebo responders (PR). Patients were randomized within each stratum (PNR, PR) to 3 treatments with BoNTA (110 to 260 U of BoNTA per treatment cycle) or placebo at 90-day intervals using a modified follow-the-pain treatment paradigm. The primary efficacy outcome measure was the mean change from baseline in the frequency of migraine episodes for the 30 days prior to day 180 in the PNR group. Secondary efficacy measures included the proportion of patients with a decrease from baseline of 50% or more migraine episodes per 30-day period. Patients were allowed to take concomitant acute and prophylactic headache medications. Adverse events were reported. Results. - A total of 809 patients were screened and 369 patients (89.2% female; mean age, 45 years; range, 20 to 65 years) entered the placebo run-in period and were subsequently randomized to BoNTA or placebo. The mean total dose of BoNTA was 190.5 units (U) (range, 110 U to 260 U). The predetermined primary efficacy endpoint was not met. Substantial mean improvements of 2.4 and 2.2 fewer migraine episodes per month at day 180 in the PNR stratum treated with BoNTA and placebo, respectively, were observed (P >.999). From day 180 through the end of the study (day 270) at least 50% of all patients in each treatment group had a decrease from baseline of 50% or more migraine episodes per 30-day period. However, in the group of patients with ≥12 headache days at baseline (and ≤15 headache days), BoNTA patients experienced a mean change from baseline of -4.0 headache episodes at day 180 compared with -1.9 headache episodes in the placebo group (P=.048). The majority of treatment-related adverse events were transient and mild to moderate in severity. Only 7 patients (1.9%) discontinued the study due to adverse events (6 BoNTA, 1 placebo). Conclusion. - There were no statistically significant between-group differences in the mean change from baseline in the frequency of migraine episodes per 30-day period. There were substantial, sustained improvements during the course of the study in all groups. Multiple treatments with BoNTA were shown to be safe and well tolerated over an active treatment period lasting 9 months. © 2007 by American Headache Society Published by Blackwell Publishing.
The advantages of submandibular gland resection in anterior retropharyngeal approach to the upper cervical spine; Anterior surgery to the upper cervical spine, although rare, several successful approaches were described in the literature. To avoid the risks and limitations of transoral approach, the anterior retropharyngeal approach was developed. In this study, we describe our experience with anterior retropharyngeal approach to the upper cervical spine and discuss the significance of resecting the submandibular gland. From July 2001 to July 2004, we performed six anterior prevascular retropharyngeal approaches to the upper cervical spine. The series included five males and one female, ranging in age from 26 to 60 years (mean = 46). All six patients were intubated with nasotracheal cannula. The submandibular gland was mobilized and removed in all patients allowing adequate exposure of the arch of C1, C2, and C3 vertebral bodies. The anterior retropharyngeal approach permitted an adequate access to anteriorly situated lesions from C1 to C3 in all six patients, without the risks and limitations of transmucosal surgery. This approach allowed us to perform decompression of the spinal cord and reconstruction of the anterior column of the spine with bone graft and internal fixation. Careful removal of the submandibular gland provided better visualization of the arch of C1 and C2. No facial nerve palsy was seen in any of the six patients. Anterior retropharyngeal approach to the upper cervical spine combined with removal of the submandibular gland permits exposure of the anterior spine similar to that obtained by the transmucosal route, and provides a safe simultaneous arthrodesis and instrumentation during the primary surgical procedure without the potential contamination of the oropharyngeal cavity. Removal of the submandibular gland allows better exposure with less retraction and thus avoids severe injury to the mandibular branch of the facial nerve. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Outcomes of periocular reconstruction for facial nerve paralysis in cancer patients; BACKGROUND: Facial nerve paralysis is a common event in patients with head and neck cancer or metastasis of cancer to the parotid region. The aim of this study was to evaluate the outcomes of periocular reconstruction for facial nerve paralysis in cancer patients. METHODS: The medical records of all patients who had undergone periocular surgery for facial nerve paralysis between January of 1999 and December of 2003 were retrospectively reviewed. The outcome measures included the ocular symptoms and signs, improvement in symptoms of exposure keratopathy postoperatively, timing of periocular surgery in relation to radiotherapy, and surgical complications. RESULTS: Preoperative symptoms included burning sensation (25 of 78 patients), difficulty with vision (30 of 78), frequent use of lubricating drops and ointments (52 of 78), and excessive tearing (37 of 78). The degree of lagophthalmos ranged from 1.5 to 12 mm (mean, 6.5 mm) preoperatively and from 0 to 4.5 mm (mean, 1.5 mm) postoperatively. Seventy-eight patients had gold weight placement; 72 of them also had lateral tarsorrhaphy, 56 had lower eyelid tightening via a lateral tarsal strip procedure in addition to the gold weight and lateral tarsorrhaphy, and 22 had brow elevation in addition to all the above-mentioned procedures. Four also required a medial tarsorrhaphy. All patients reported less dependence on lubricating drops and ointments after periocular surgery. Eighteen of 25 patients who had foreign body sensation as their main preoperative symptom experienced improvement after surgery. Forty-four patients had radiotherapy to the head and neck region. Twenty-seven patients completed radiotherapy before and 17 after periocular reconstruction. Complication rates were low and comparable in both preoperative and postoperative radiation groups. CONCLUSIONS: Periocular reconstruction for facial paralysis results in improvement of exposure keratopathy and less dependence on lubricating drops and ointments. Complications are minimal and infrequent. The timing of external beam radiotherapy does not affect the outcomes of periocular surgery. ©2007American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Introduction of microsurgery in Vietnam by a charitable organization: A 15-year experience; BACKGROUND: Microsurgical procedures, although equipment- and labor-intensive, allow efficient treatment of selected soft-tissue, bone, and peripheral nerve defects. The precise surgical skills required and the high equipment and institutional costs have been deterrents to initiating programs in developing countries. The authors report their 15-year international effort in facilitating the development of microsurgical techniques in Vietnam. METHODS: The authors reviewed their educational, logistical, and operative experience from 11 Operation Smile International missions to Vietnam and the microsurgical procedures performed independently by Vietnamese surgeons at the Central Military Hospital 108 in Hanoi. RESULTS: Over 15 years, Operation Smile International missions to Vietnam performed 108 free tissue transfer operations with 15 peripheral nerve transfer procedures and 143 nonmicrosurgical reconstructive operations. Visiting surgeons with specialized expertise taught facial reanimation, flap prefabrication, and perforator flaps. During this same period, Vietnamese surgeons became facile with microsurgical techniques and independently performed a wide array of these procedures in the institutions visited. Vietnamese surgeons have organized microsurgery divisions within some hospital departments and now teach microsurgical techniques. Repeated missions allowed for patient follow-up, staged procedures, educational exchange, and quality control. Several Vietnamese surgeons have traveled abroad to obtain additional training and have set up training programs in other areas of Vietnam. CONCLUSIONS: Charitable organizations can help surgeons in developing countries master complex microsurgical techniques through short-term medical missions, donation of equipment and supplies, and the encouragement of institutional support. A continuing education program, including local conferences, microsurgical laboratory training facilities, and study abroad, can aid this introduction. ©2007American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
The pedicled superficial fascia temporalis flap; INTRODUCTION: The technique used for reconstruction of a cervicofacial defect depends on the extent of the tissue loss. Locoregional or free flaps are commonly used for this type of reconstruction. The type of flap used depends on donor site availability and morbidity. The aim of this technical note was to present appropriate use of the fascia temporalis flap in maxillofacial surgery. ANATOMIC BASIS: The superficial fascia temporalis lies just under the scalp. Blood is supplied via the superficial temporal artery which widely irrigates this anatomic region. Venous blood is drained by the superficial temporal vein and the posterior auricular vein. SURGICAL TECHNIQUE: First, the skin flap is drawn after determining the required size and length of the vascular pedicle. The T or Y incision enables complete exposure of the superficial fascia temporalis and the temporal vessels. The superficial fascia temporalis fascia is then resected at the desired size and easily dissected from the deep temporal fascia via the avascular plane. This dissection is easily achieved manually using a compress. INDICATIONS: This flap can be used in the auricular region, for commissural reconstruction to ensure facial motricity, for eyelids defects, for defects in the frontal or zygomatic area and for defects of the palate or labial or cheek mucosa. ADVANTAGES: This flap can be raised rapidly and easily without any specific requierment. The flap is reliable and allows a long pedicle. The superficial fascia temporalis is thin and easily remodeled. The scar at the donor site is masked by the hair. DRAWBACKS: This flap may not be available in the event of previous trauma or surgery with a high risk of injury to the temporal vessels. This flap is not suitable in patients with prior irradiation exposure or malformatve disease (Franceschetti's syndrome, hemifacial atrophy etc.). Facial palsy due to facial nerve injury, sensorial disorders or local alopecia can develop post-operatively. For reconstruction of the lower third of the face, other flaps should be preferred.
Long-term recurrence rate of pleomorphic adenoma and postoperative facial nerve paresis (in parotid surgery); Background: The purpose of this study was to evaluate recurrence rates and comorbidity in patients with pleomorphic adenomas of patients after superficial and total conservative parotidectomy. Patients and methods: Localization of pleomorphic adenomas, age, sex distribution and facial nerve function of 73 patients were examined in this retrospective study. The recurrence rate could be determined in 43 of these patients. The interval between surgery and last recall varied between 2 and 20 years (median: 8.1 years). Results: Most of the patients were female (67%) with a parotid pleomorphic adenoma. No recurrence was found regard less of whether a superficial or total conservative parotidectomy had been performed. Our data did show that the total conservative parotidectomy is associated with a higher incidence of temporary impaired facial nerve function, which was seen in 42% of this group. Temporary decreased nerve function after superficial parotidectomy was rare being apparent in only 16% of this group. Conclusion: A more radical procedure does not significantly lower the recurrence rate. We suggest that the indication for a total conservative parotidectomy in cases of superficial adenomas should be considered carefully. © 2007 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Effect of facial neuromuscular re-education on facial symmetry in patients with Bell's palsy: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: To determine the effect of facial neuromuscular re-education over conventional therapeutic measures in improving facial symmetry in patients with Bell's palsy. Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting: Neurorehabilitation unit. Subjects: Fifty-nine patients diagnosed with Bell's palsy were included in the study after they met the inclusion criteria. Patients were randomly divided into two groups: control (n = 30) and experimental (n = 29). Interventions: Control group patients received conventional therapeutic measures while the facial neuromuscular re-education group patients received techniques that were tailored to each patient in three sessions per day for six days per week for a period of two weeks. Main measures: All the patients were evaluated using a Facial Grading Scale before treatment and after three months. Results: The Facial Grading Scale scores showed significant improvement in both control (mean 32 (range 9.7-54) to 54.5 (42.2-71.7)) and the experimental (33 (18-43.5) to 66 (54-76.7)) group. Facial Grading Scale change scores showed that experimental group (27.5 (20-43.77)) improved significantly more than the control group (16.5 (12.2-24.7)). Analysis of Facial Grading Scale subcomponents did not show statistical significance, except in the movement score (12 (8-16) to 24 (12-18)). Conclusion: Individualized facial neuromuscular re-education is more effective in improving facial symmetry in patients with Bell's palsy than conventional therapeutic measures. © 2007 Sage Publications.
Agreement between clinical and electromyographic assessments during the course of peripheric facial paralysis; Objective: To examine the agreement between clinical and electromyographic assessments during the course of facial paralysis, in order to determine whether electromyography adds more information to the clinical examination in determining voluntary and synkinetic movement. Design: Serial clinical and electromyographic assessments were performed. Settings: Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Department of a university hospital. Subjects: Thirty patients with acute complete idiopathic facial paralysis were included. Main measures: Voluntary and synkinetic movements of the orbicularis oculi and orbicularis oris muscles were graded by Facial Grading System and by needle electromyography at three weeks, and two, three and six months after the onset of paralysis. Weighted kappa (κ) statistics were performed to measure the agreement between clinical and electromyographic assessments. Results: Agreement between assessments yielded an overall κ value of 0.87 for the orbicularis oculi and 0.59 for the orbicularis oris in identifying voluntary movement. electromyography revealed no voluntary movement in the orbicularis oculi, in 65% of the patients in whom slight movement was considered by clinical assessment. In identifying synkinetic movements, an overall κ value was 0.70 for the orbicularis oculi and 0.85 for the orbicularis oris. Electromyography demonstrated many cases of slight synkinesis that were missed through visual inspection in both muscles. Conclusions: Clinical evaluation provides sufficient information about recovery in voluntary movement in the orbicularis oris, whereas, in the orbicularis oculi, electromyography adds to the clinical evaluation in determining the extent of paralysis. © 2007 Sage Publications.
Summarization of clinical application laws of professor ZHENG Kui-shan's "Wentong needling method"; "Wentong needling method" is professor ZHENG Kui-shan's needling manipulation of original creation for treatment of various difficult and complicated cases with distinguishing feature in clinical practice of dozens of years, which has both reinforcing and reducing actions, with functions of promoting the flow of qi by warming the channels, removing the phlegm, dispelling wind and cold, promoting flow of qi and blood circulation, and strengthening the body resistance to eliminate pathogenic factors. Clinically, it is used for treatment of difficult diseases such as coronary disease, diseases of the head, face and five sense organs, brain diseases, and wind-cold-dampness arthralgia, etc. with good results.
Facial nerve repair techniques; Objective: Post-operative facial function was analyzed in 14 patients undergoing different techniques for facial nerve repair. Material and method: The aetiology of facial paralysis included vestibular schwannomas, facial schwannomas, cranioencephalic trauma, and iatrogenic lesions. Results: The mean interval between paralysis and reconstruction surgery was 6 months, although in 2 cases it exceeded 12 months. The first facial signs of recovery were achieved around the sixth month post-operatively, in every patient. All patients achieved a facial function graded III or IV in the House-Brackmann scale, equivalent to a grade II or III on the May scale. There were no differences between the surgical techniques compared, both termino-terminal anastomosis and hypoglossal-facial anastomosis. Conclusions: The surgical reconstruction techniques for facial nerve repair should be known by all ENT surgeons. At least facial symmetry at rest and complete eye closure are achieved in almost every patient when the procedure is carried out at the proper time.
Extracranial non-vestibular head and neck schwannomas: A ten-year experience; Introduction: We present a series of head and neck extracranial non-vestibular schwannomas treated during a ten-year period, assessing epidemiology, presenting signs and symptoms, location, nerve of origin, diagnostic modalities, treatment and clinical outcome. Materials and Methods: Clinical records of all patients with head and neck schwannomas treated at our department from April 1995 to July 2005 were retrospectively reviewed. Results: There was female predominance (67%). The mean age at diagnosis was 48 years. Sixteen (76%) presented with a unilateral neck mass. Eleven schwannomas (52%) were in the parapharyngeal space. The most common nerves of origin were the vagus and the cervical sympathetic chain. The tumour may masquerade as a cervical lymph node and other myriad conditions. Treatment for all but 2 cases was complete excision with nerve preservation. Two cases of facial schwannoma required sacrifice of the affected nerve portion with nerve reconstruction. All facial schwannoma patients suffered postoperative facial palsy with only partial resolution (mean final House-Brackman grade, 3.25/6). Among non-facial schwannoma patients, postoperative neural deficit occurred in 12 with partial to complete resolution in 7. The median follow-up period was 24 months. No schwannoma was malignant and none recurred. Conclusion: Non-vestibular extracranial head and neck schwannomas most frequently present as an innocuous longstanding unilateral parapharyngeal neck mass. Preoperative diagnosis may be aided by fine-needle cytology and magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomographic imaging. The mainstay of treatment is complete intracapsular excision preserving the nerve of origin, but for extensive tumour or facial schwannomas, subtotal resection or nerve sacrifice with reconstruction and rehabilitation are considerations. Surgery on intraparotid facial schwannomas carries considerable morbidity and conservative management has a place in treatment. Early recognition of facial schwannomas is key to optimal treatment.
Multiple cranial nerve paralysis in a patient with recurrent rectal adenocarcinoma: Imminent cerebellar herniation; Rectal adenocarcinoma may spread to the central nervous system and may result in various symptomatologies. Rectal adenocarcinoma presenting with multiple cranial nerve palsies has not been reported. A case of metastatic rectal adenocarcinoma with audio-visual complaints is presented. The therapeutic approach is discussed briefly. It is concluded that multiple cranial nerve palsies in a case with rectal adenocarcinoma herald brainstem metastasis, high risk of sudden death and need for immediate intervention appropriately.
Stereotaxic gamma knife surgery in treatment of critically located pilocytic astrocytoma: Preliminary result; Background: Low-grade gliomas are uncommon primary brain tumors, located more often in the posterior fossa, optic pathway, and brain stem and less commonly in the cerebral hemispheres. Case presentations: Two patients with diagnosed recurrent cystic pilocytic astrocytoma critically located within the brain (thalamic and brain stem) were treated with gamma knife surgery. Gamma knife surgery (GKS) did improve the patient's clinical condition very much which remained stable later on. Progressive reduction on the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies of the solid part of the tumor and almost disappearance of the cystic component was achieved within the follow-up period of 36 months in the first case with the (thalamic located lesion) and 22 months in the second case with the (brain stem located lesion). Conclusion: Gamma knife surgery represents an alternate tool in the treatment of recurrent and/or small postoperative residual pilocytic astrocytoma especially if they are critically located. © 2007 Hafez; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Bilateral Bell palsy and acute HIV type 1 infection: report of 2 cases and review.; Two adult patients who presented to a hospital with bilateral facial Bell palsy who were also experiencing human immunodeficiency virus type 1 seroconversion are described. Ten additional cases retrieved from the literature are also reviewed. Bell palsy appeared a median of 15 days after the beginning of the clinical disease, and aseptic meningitis was an invariable concomitant of facial neuropathy. All but 1 patient (8.3%) recovered without sequelae.
Direct intracerebral delivery of cintredekin besudotox (IL13-PE38QQR) in recurrent malignant glioma: A report by the cintredekin besudotox intraparenchymal study group; Purpose: Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is a devastating brain tumor with a median survival of 6 months after recurrence. Cintredekin besudotox (CB) is a recombinant protein consisting of interleukin-13 (IL-13) and a truncated form of Pseudomonas exotoxin (PE38QQR). Convection-enhanced delivery (CED) is a locoregional-administration method leading to high-tissue concentrations with large volume of distributions. We assessed the use of intracerebral CED to deliver CB in patients with recurrent malignant glioma (MG). Patients and Methods: Three phase I clinical studies evaluated intracerebral CED of CB along with tumor resection. The main objectives were to assess the tolerability of various concentrations and infusion durations; tissue distribution; and methods for optimizing delivery. All patients underwent tumor resection followed by a single intraparenchymal infusion (in addition to the intraparenchymal one following resection), with a portion of patients who had a preresection intratumoral infusion. Results: A total of 51 patients with MG were treated including 46 patients with GBM. The maximum tolerated intraparenchymal concentration was 0.5 μg/mL and tumor necrosis was observed at this concentration. Infusion durations of up to 6 days were well tolerated. Postoperative catheter placement appears to be important for optimal drug distribution. CB- and procedure-related adverse events were primarily limited to the CNS. Overall median survival for GBM patients is 42.7 weeks and 55.6 weeks for patients with optimally positioned catheters with patient follow-up extending beyond 5 years. Conclusion: CB appears to have a favorable risk-benefit profile. CED is a complex delivery method requiring catheter placement via a second procedure to achieve accurate catheter positioning, better drug distribution, and better outcome. © 2007 by American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Fatal glioblastoma multiforme in a patient with neurofibromatosis type I: The dilemma of systematic medical follow-up; Introduction: Neurofibromatosis type I (NF1) is one of the most prevalent genetic diseases of the nervous system. Although the majority of NF1 patients are only mildly affected, the risk of developing malignancies is significantly increased in this population. Case report: Here, we present a 9-year-old girl with clinical stigmata of NF1 and a rapidly evolving glioblastoma multiforme. Molecular genetic analysis uncovered a novel missense mutation in Exon 32 of the NF1 gene [c.6032C > A(p.Ala2011Glu)]. Discussion: The girl's death 3 days after diagnosis of the brain tumor exemplifies that NF1 still is a life-threatening disease despite its generally benign course in most patients. However, it remains questionable if a fatal course as reported here can be prevented by routine MRI screening. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Surgical rehabilitation of reversible facial palsy: Facial-hypoglossal network system based on neural signal augmentation/neural supercharge concept; To obtain symmetric appearance in facial palsy patients, it is important to retain any remaining potential of the compromised facial mimetic muscles. The purpose of the present study was to introduce surgical rehabilitation based on neural signal augmentation/neural supercharge concept for the treatment of reversible facial palsy patients. With construction of facial-hypoglossal network system using end-to-side neurorrhaphy technique, both facial and hypoglossal motor signals are provided to the compromised facial mimetic muscles. It is hypothesised that the remaining potential of incompletely or completely paralysed muscles without atrophy is activated by a neural 'supercharge' effect. To date, nine patients presented with reversible facial palsy have been treated by surgical rehabilitation with facial-hypoglossal network system in our institutes. Facial mimetic muscle function evaluated by the House-Brackmann grading system was improved from grade IV-VI to II-III in this series. The postoperative ENMG findings showed double innervation of the mimetic muscles supplied by the facial and hypoglossal donor motor sources. Hemiglossal dysfunction and mimetic muscle synkinesis associated with tongue motion were never seen with an average follow-up period of 21 months after surgery. This reconstructive concept offers a significant advantage for the treatment of the facial palsy patients with persistent incomplete type and reversible complete type without distinct mimetic muscle atrophy. © 2007 British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons.
Varicella encephalopathy in immunocompetent children; Two previously healthy girls presented acute encephalopathy due to varicella, with severe alteration of the conscious level and seizures. Both patients improved progressively after 15 days, with complete clinical recovery. © 2007 The Authors.
Pre-event smallpox vaccination for healthcare workers revisited-the need for a carefully screened multidisciplinary cadre; As healthcare institutions are a focus of smallpox transmission early in an epidemic, several mathematical models support pre-event smallpox vaccination of healthcare workers (HCWs). The deciding factor for HCW voluntary vaccination is the risk of disease exposure versus the risk of vaccine adverse events. In a United States military population, with careful screening to exclude atopic dermatitis/eczema and immunosuppression, over 1 million vaccinia (smallpox) vaccinations were delivered with one fatality attributed to vaccination. Among 37 901 United States civilian volunteer HCWs vaccinated, 100 serious adverse events were reported including 10 ischemic cardiac episodes and six myocardial infarctions - two were fatal. This older population had a higher rate of adverse events due to age-related coronary artery disease. T-cell mediated inflammatory processes induced by live vaccinia vaccination may have a role in the observed acute coronary artery events. With exclusion of individuals at risk for coronary artery disease, atopic dermatitis/eczema, and immunosuppression, HCWs can be smallpox vaccinated with minimal risk. A carefully screened multidisciplinary cadre (physician, nurse, infection control practitioner, technician), pre-event vaccinated for smallpox, will supply the necessary leadership to alleviate fear and uncertainty while limiting spread and initial mortality of smallpox. © 2007 International Society for Infectious Diseases.
Mechanisms of disease: Metabolic effects of growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor 1; Insulin-like growth factor (IGF) 1 is a member of a family that is involved in growth, development, cell differentiation, and metabolism. IGF1, IGF2 and insulin act primarily through tyrosine-kinase-linked receptors - the IGF1 receptor (IGF1R) and insulin receptor (IR). The IGF1R binds IGF1 and IGF2 with high affinity and the IR binds insulin with high affinity; however, since both receptors share a high degree of structural and functional homology, the IGF1R can bind insulin and the IR can bind the IGFs with reduced affinity. These two receptors can, moreover, form heterodimers, which bind both ligands. Upon binding to the receptors, cascades of tyrosine and serine kinases are stimulated to facilitate growth or metabolism. The IGF2 receptor is a scavenger receptor, and is, therefore, not involved in mediation of growth or metabolic effects of the IGF family and will not be discussed in the current article. IGF1 is a major gene target of growth hormone and its product mediates many of the actions of growth hormone on growth and development; however, IGF1 has actions distinct from those of growth hormone in carbohydrate, lipid, and protein metabolism. For example, excess growth hormone causes insulin resistance and hyperglycemia, whereas IGF1 has insulin-like effects that reduce blood glucose levels and has been used experimentally to treat both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. ©2007 Nature Publishing Group.
Facial paralysis in an infant with infectious mononucleosis; Infectious mononucleosis is caused by Epstein-Barr virus, and is rarely seen in infancy. Clinical findings include exudative tonsillitis, generalized or cervical lymphadenopathy, and hepatosplenomegaly. Many complications can arise, but these rarely include facial paralysis. We reported a 19-month-old patient who developed facial paralysis secondary to infectious mononucleosis. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intratumoral hemorrhage after remote subtotal microsurgical resection and gamma knife radiosurgery for vestibular schwannoma; Our report describes the occurrence of intratumoral hemorrhage in a vestibular schwannoma, which was treated with microsurgical resection thirteen years and gamma knife surgery (GKS) more than two years prior to the event. Although rare, it is apparent that bleeding into a vestibular schwannoma remains a possibility, even after the tumor has responded favorably to GKS. Long-term followup of patients with vestibular schwannoma who have been treated with GKS is advisable to assess treatment response and to detect adverse events (e.g. hemorrhage) suspected on clinical grounds. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Ophthalmic Management of Facial Nerve Palsy: A Review; Facial nerve palsy affects individuals of all ages, races, and sexes. Psychological and functional implications of the paralysis present a devastating management problem to those afflicted, as well as the carriers. Since Sir Charles Bell's original description of facial palsy in 1821, our understanding and treatment options have expanded. It is essential that a multidisciplinary approach, encompassing ophthalmologists; Ear, Nose, and Throat surgeons; plastic surgeons; and psychologists work closely to optimize patient management in a staged approach. Although the etiology remains unknown, strong histological, cerebral spinal fluid, and radiological evidence suggests a possible association with herpes simplex virus in idiopathic facial nerve palsy (Bell's palsy). The use of steroids has been suggested as a means of limiting facial nerve damage in the acute phase. Unfortunately, no single randomized control trial has achieved an unquestionable benefit with the use of oral steroid therapy and thus remains controversial. In the acute phase, ophthalmologists play a pivotal role in preventing irreversible blindness from corneal exposure. This may be successfully achieved by using intensive lubrication, medical therapy (botulinum toxin), or surgery (upper lid weighting or tarsorraphy). Once the cornea is adequately protected and recovery deemed unlikely, longer term planning for eyelid and facial reanimation may take place in an individualized manner. Onset is sudden and management potentially lengthy. Physician empathy, knowledge, and experience are essential in averting long-term lifestyle and psychological discomfort for patients. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Two cases of Cryptococcus meningitis presenting as leukoencephalopathy prior to amphotericin therapy; We report two patients with cryptococcal meningitis and combined immunodeficiency with unusual magnetic resonance imaging findings of gadolinium-enhancing white matter lesions, quite different from cryptococcomas and seen prior to anti-fungal treatment. The lesions resembled demyelinating plaques and resolved. In one patient, biopsy of the lesion revealed cryptococci, non-specific inflammatory changes and occasional small perivascular lymphocyte collections, but not demyelination. Leukoencephalopathy, previously rarely observed in Cryptococcal meningitis, was thought to be the sequelae of amphotericin toxicity. Our cases demonstrate cryptococcal meningitis may present with leukoencephalopathy, possibly as an immune response to the organism. © 2007 EFNS.
Microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm: Postoperative neurologic follow-up and evaluation of life quality; Microvascular decompression (MVD) is an effective and safe treatment in hemifacial spasm (HFS). Postoperative evaluations are usually made by neurosurgeons. Follow-up studies performed by neurologists and postoperative quality of life (QoL) investigations are lacking. All 25 HFS patients operated with MVD in our centre between 2000 and 2004 were evaluated with the recently validated HFS-7 scheme, extended with the item 'sleep disturbance due to HFS' (HFS-8). The patients underwent a careful neurological examination median 3 years after the operation. The evaluation focused on clinical aspects, changes in blood pressure and time until observable effect of MVD. The evaluation of HFS-7 questionnaire and the extended form (HFS-8) showed significant improvement in QoL after MVD. Neurological outcome was in almost all cases excellent or good. Eleven (44%) patients had no neurological deficits at all. Only one patient had serious complications with ipsilateral facial palsy, deafness, balance problems and vertigo. The other patients had minor neurological findings or symptoms. Eighteen (72%) patients experienced early effect within 3 months after MVD; seven (28%) patients had late effect between 6 and 14 months. Median age of the patients with late effect (62.6 years) was significantly higher than in those with early effect (52.7 years). © 2007 EFNS.
Invasive Aspergillus of the temporal bone; Although invasive fungal infections of the paranasal sinuses have been well described in immunocompromised patients, those affecting the ear and temporal bone are rare. Described is the case of invasive aspergillosis of the temporal bones after bone marrow transplant in an 8-year-old girl. The diagnosis and treatment of such infections are discussed. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pattern of parotid gland tumors on Crete, Greece: A retrospective study of 131 cases; Background: Salivary gland tumors constitute a highly heterogeneous group. There are few large epidemiological studies of benign and malignant salivary gland tumors in Greece. The aim of the present study was to define the pattern of parotid gland neoplasms on the island of Crete. Material/Methods: The medical records of 131 patients who underwent parotidectomy in the Otorhinolaryngology department of the University hospital of Heraklion over the last ten years were retrospectively reviewed. Gender and age of the patients, size, location, and histology of the tumors, as well as postoperative complications were analyzed and tabulated. Results: There were 101 (77.1%) benign parotid gland tumors and 30 (22.9%) of malignant ones. The most common benign tumor was pleomorphic adenoma (44.2%), while the most common malignant tumor was mucoepidermoid carcinoma (5.3%). The female-to-male ratio was 1.18/1.00. Median age was 48.2 years (range: 16-75 years) in patients with benign tumors and 65.4 years (range: 27-90 years) in patients with malignancy. After superficial parotidectomy, the most common postoperative complication was Frey syndrome (8.1%), while after total parotidectomy the most frequent complication was transient facial nerve palsy (45.5%). Conclusions: On Crete, parotid gland tumors show epidemiological characteristics similar to studies worldwide. Benign parotid tumors are largely more frequent than malignant tumors. The most common benign parotid gland tumor was pleomorphic adenoma, while the most frequent malignant tumor was mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Future research needs to be done to better define the epidemiology of these tumors among the Greek population. © Med Sci Monit, 2007.
Management of recurrent oral herpes simplex infections; The literature has been reviewed for evidence of the efficacy of antiviral agents in both the prophylaxis and treatment of recurrent oral herpes simplex virus (HSV) infections and discussed by a panel of experts. Emphasis was given to randomized controlled trials. Management of herpes-associated erythema multiforme and Bell palsy were also considered. The evidence suggests that 5% acyclovir (ACV) in the cream base may reduce the duration of lesions if applied early. Recurrent herpes labialis (RHL) and recurrent intraoral HSV infections can be effectively treated with systemic ACV 400 mg 3 times a day or systemic valacyclovir 500 to 1000 mg twice a day for 3 to 5 days (longer in the immunocompromised). RHL in the immunocompetent can be effectively prevented with (1) sunscreen alone (SPF 15 or above), (2) systemic ACV 400 mg 2 to 3 times a day, or (3) systemic valacyclovir 500 to 2000 mg twice a day. Valacyclovir 500 mg twice a day is also effective in suppressing erythema multiforme triggered by HSV. Further studies are needed to compare treatment efficacy between topical penciclovir, docosanol, and ACV cream for RHL. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Facial nerve injury following surgery for the treatment of ankylosis of the temporomandibular joint; Objective: The purpose of the present paper was to carry out a longitudinal study of a series of cases in which injury of the facial nerve was observed following surgery for the treatment of temporomandibular ankylosis. Study design: The sample was composed of 13 patients, both male and female, in whom 18 surgical approaches were made. A postoperative assessment of the motor function of the facial nerve was made in accordance with the House-Brackmann grading system. All the patients were photographed and assessed at the following postoperative times: 24 hours, one week, one month and three months. Results: The results showed that injury of the facial nerve occurred in 31% of the cases. An increase in the frequency of nerve injury was observed in the cases in which the interpositional arthroplasty technique was employed, as well as the fact that 75% of the patients had undergone at least one surgical intervention prior to the study. After three months all the patients displayed normal function of the facial nerve. Conclusion: The frequency of facial nerve injury is related to the degree of difficulty involved in the surgery determined by the type of ankylosis. The nerve lesions were shown to be of a temporary nature. © Medicina Oral S. L. C.I.F.
The high rate CIS auditory brainstem implant for restoration of hearing in NF-2 patients; Aim: Hearing preservation is one of the major goals of acoustic neuroma surgery. In NF-2 patients, bilateral hearing loss is frequently caused by the disease or results from its treatment. Several implant devices for electrical stimulation of the cochlear nucleus have been developed to restore serviceable hearing in these patients. We report our experience and results using a high rate continuous interleaved sampling (CIS) auditory brainstem implant (ABI). Methods: Between June 1997 and May 2004, 24 NF-2 patients were managed by our group. In 20 patients an ABI was implanted successfully. The cochlear nucleus was located using anatomical landmarks and E-ABR recordings after resection of the neuroma via a retrosigmoid approach in the semi-sitting position. The 12-channel stimulating electrode array was inserted and fixed in the lateral recess. There were no surgical complications related to implantation apart from pseudomeningoceles that were managed by lumbar drainage. Results: In one patient the electrode array became dislocated and this necessitated revision surgery which was successful. One patient failed to gain benefit from the implant. Overall, 70% of electrodes were found to be serviceable for auditory stimulation, 5.3% of electrodes were primarily nonauditory, and in 7.8% side effects during stimulation were observed. Lip reading was improved by more than 100% as a result of the additional auditory input. For many patients, comprehension of open speech was restored to a useful level. Almost all patients were able to perceive environmental sounds and tinnitus was masked. Conclusions: Restoration of hearing using ABIs in NF-2 patients is a safe and promising procedure for those who would otherwise be totally deaf. The high rate CIS speech processing strategy has proven to be very useful and effective in direct cochlear nucleus stimulation. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Treatment of large and giant residual and recurrent vestibular schwannomas; This report is a retrospective analysis of the surgical outcome of 15 patients (8 females, 7 males; mean age, 37.8 years) with residual or recurrent vestibular schwannomas operated on between 1987 and 2005. These 15 patients were part of a larger series of 252 consecutive vestibular schwannoma excisions. Tumors were classified as large (10) when their diameter exceeded 3.5 cm and giant (5) when their diameter exceeded 4.5 cm. All patients had previously undergone surgery. Hearing was lost in all cases, 8 had complete facial nerve palsy, 6 had trigeminal nerve deficits, 5 had cranial nerve IX and X palsy, and 10 had ataxic gait. Twelve patients had hydrocephalus. The tumors were reoperated through the retrosigmoid-transmeatal approach. The mean postoperative follow-up was 4.9 years. Complete resection was achieved in all patients. The facial nerve was preserved in 6 of the 7 patients with preoperative facial function. Transient worsening of bulbar cranial nerves palsy occurred in 2 cases. Cerebrospinal fluid leakage occurred in 3 patients. There were no deaths, and the tumors were histologically benign. Surgical removal is the only treatment for these lesions. Total resection associated with a low morbidity rate is possible. Preservation of the facial nerve is difficult due to severe scar tissue. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Surgical management of PICA aneurysm and incidental facial nerve schwannoma: Case report; We report a patient with a posterior inferior cerebellar artery (PICA) aneurysm and an incidental facial nerve schwannoma at the cerebellopontine angle (CPA). A 46-year-old woman presented with the sudden onset of a severe headache, nausea, and vomiting. She had no other abnormal neurological symptoms and signs. Computed tomography (CT) showed hemorrhage in the fourth ventricle. Cerebral angiography demonstrated an aneurysm arising from the tonsillomedullary segment of the left PICA. A facial nerve schwannoma was incidentally found as the aneurysm was being clipped. The aneurysm was clipped via a left transcondylar approach. Subsequently, the schwannoma (2 × 3 × 2 mm) was resected from the facial nerve fascicles, and the facial nerve was preserved. Postoperatively, the patient developed mild to moderate dysfunction of the facial nerve (House-Brackmann grade III [H-B III]) but her hearing was intact. Both a facial nerve schwannoma involving the CPA and an aneurysm involving the PICA can be managed through the transcondylar approach. An asymptomatic facial nerve schwannoma can be resected safely with minimal facial nerve dysfunction. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Mecasermin rinfabate for severe insulin-like growth factor-I deficiency; Recombinant human insulin-like growth factor (rhIGF)-I has been shown to increase growth velocity in children with IGF-I deficiency, either as a result of growth hormone-insensitivity syndrome or IGF-I gene deletion (one case study). There have been adverse events, particularly hypoglycemia, reported with administration of unbound rhIGF-I. In addition, the serum half-life of unbound rhIGF-I is shorter when administered to patients with growth hormone-insensitivity syndrome, who have low serum concentrations of its binding proteins IGFBP-3 and acid-labile subunit, than when administered to normal volunteers or to patients with an IGF-I gene deletion (who had normal levels of IGFBP-3). Mecasermin rinfabate, an equimolar mixture of rhIGF-I and the recombinant form of its principal binding protein rhIGFBP-3 (rhIGF-I/ rhIGFBP-3), was developed to prolong the half-life and to reduce the risk of acute adverse events (particularly hypoglycemia) associated with administration of rhIGF-I. Published data demonstrate the efficacy of mecasermin rinfabate in treating severe primary IGF-I deficiency, and mecasermin rinfabate appears to have a longer half-life in patients with growth hormone-insensitivity syndrome than unbound rhIGF-I. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Electroacupuncture combined with flash cupping for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis - A report of 224 cases; Objective: To observe the therapeutic effects of electroacupuncture plus flash cupping for peripheral facial paralysis. Method: The main points used were Jingming (BL 1), Yangbai (GB 14) and Sibai (ST 2) with the adjunct points selected according to the syndrome differentiation. The routine acupuncture, electroacupuncture and flash cupping were used to treat 224 cases of peripheral facial paralysis. Result: The total effective rate was 96%. Conclusion: Acupuncture can regulate the flow of blood and qi and dredge the channels and collaterals; the pulse electrotherapy can enhance excitation of the muscular tissues; and the flash cupping can make the local tissues to be in a state of high oxygen supply, benefiting blood circulation. The synergistic action of electroacupuncture and flash cupping can raise the therapeutic effect.
Study on the regulatory effect of electro-acupuncture on Hegu point (LI4) in cerebral response with functional magnetic resonance imaging; Objective: To study, through blood oxygen level dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD fMRI), the cerebral activated areas evoked by electro-acupuncturing (EA) the right Hegu point (LI4) or non-acupoint points on the face, and through comparing their similarities and differences, to speculate on the specific cerebral areas activated by stimulating LI4, for exploring the mechanism of its effect in potential clinical application. Methods: EA was applied at volunteers' right LI4 (of 9 subjects in the LI4 group) and facial non-acupoint points (of 5 subjects in the control group), and whole brain 3-dimensional T1 anatomical imaging of high resolution 1 x 1 x 1 mm3 used was performed with clustered stimulatory mode adopted by BOLD fMRI. Pretreatment and statistical t-test were conducted on the data by SPM2 software, then the statistical parameters were superimposed to the 3-dimensional anatomical imaging. Results: Data from 3 testees of the 9 subjects in the LI4 group were given up eventually because they were unfit to the demand due to different causes such as movement of patients' location or machinery factors. Statistical analysis showed that signal activation or deactivation was found in multiple cerebral areas in 6 subjects of LI4 group and 5 subjects of the control group (P<0.01). In the LI4 group, the areas which showed signal activation were: midline nuclear group of thalamus, left supra marginal gyrus, left supra temporal gyrus, right precuneous lobe, bilateral temporal pole, left precentral gyrus and left cerebellum; those which showed signal deactivation were: bilateral hippocampus, parahippocampal gyrus, amygdala body area, rostral side/audal side of cingulate gyrus, prefrontal lobe and occipital lobe as well as left infratemporal gyrus. In the control group, areas which showed signal activation were: bilateral frontal lobe, postcentral gyrus, Reil's island lobe, primary somato-sensory cortex, cingulate gyrus, superior temporal gyrus, occipital cuneiform gyrus and/or precuneus gyrus and right brainstem; and the area that showed deactivation was left median frontal lobe. Conclusion: The effects of EA LI4 in regulating cerebral activities could be displayed and recorded through BOLD fMRI, the distribution of signally deactivated area evoked by EA LI4 was similar to the known distribution of anatomical orientation of pain in brain, and closely related to the anatomic structure of limbic system, which areas are possibly the acupuncture analgesic effect's cerebral regulating area. Furthermore, activated portion of left central anterior gyrus, which represent the movement of oral facial muscles, and the activated portion of cerebellum are possibly related with the effect of using EA LI4 in treating facial palsy and facial muscle spasm. As for the mechanism of signal deactivation of cerebral activities exhibited in the present study that is unable to be elucidated, it awaits for further research.
Mecasermin rinfabate; Mecasermin rinfabate, a complex of equimolar amounts of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and its binding protein IGFBP-3, has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for treatment of severe primary IGF deficiency or for patients with growth hormone gene deletion who have developed neutralizing antibodies to growth hormone. It has been shown to increase growth velocity in children with either condition. In the past there have been adverse events, particularly hypoglycemia, reported with administration of unbound recombinant human IGF-I (rhIGF-I). In addition, the serum half-life of unbound rhIGF-I is shorter when administered to patients with growth hormone insensitivity syndrome, who have low serum concentrations of its binding proteins IGF-BP-3 and acid-labile subunit, than when administered to healthy volunteers or to patients with an IGF-I gene deletion who have normal levels of IGFBP-3. Mecasermin rinfabate prolongs the half-life of rhIGF and should counteract acute adverse events, particularly hypoglycemia, associated with the administration of IGF-I. © 2007 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Melkerson Rosenthal syndrome.; This case presentation of a facial swelling emphasizes the difficult and differential efforts of a team of doctors before we were able to reach a diagnosis of Melkerson Rosenthal Syndrome (MRS). This syndrome is an idiopathic, neurological disorder seen as a swelling of the face and lips, with folds and furrows of the tongue. Episodes are recurrent. This case is an example of positive networking by a dentist and physician to achieve the correct diagnosis of MRS.
Möbius sequence: Long-term strabismus surgical outcome; Purpose: To analyze the long-term results in a consecutive series of Möbius sequence patients, who underwent surgical correction of strabismus. Methods: Ten patients with Möbius sequence fulfilled the inclusion criteria of this study. All patients presented esotropia at the preoperative examination, above or equal to 15 prismatic diopters (DP) varying from 15 to 85. All patients presented lateral rectus muscles severe underaction, six presented hipertropia above or equal 10 DP associated with esodeviation, and five presented anisotropia in A or in V. The patients were operated upon protocol, in a consecutive way, in July 2002. Patients were reexamined periodically, and at 2nd postoperative year as for: the visual acuity; deviation measurements; ocular rotations; cosmetic aspect and socialization. Results: The patients presented satisfactory surgical results in eight cases, considering an eso or exodeviation up to 15 DP and a hipertropia lower than 10 DP. Four (40%) patients presented correction of the preoperative anisotropia. Variation of ocular deviation in the primary position (from the 90th day to the 2nd postoperative year was observed) in 9 patients (90%), demonstrating that strabismus surgical stabilization needs time. Conclusions: The surgical results were considered satisfactory, improving patient self-esteem and the parent satisfaction, making the social inclusion easier.
A case of old traumatic cerebrospinal fluid leakage of the middle ear; A 10-year-old boy received right-sided longitudinal temporal bone fracture in a motor vehicle accident. He manifested ipsilateral facial nerve palsy and middle ear fluid with conductive hearing loss immediately after injury. Complete recovery of facial nerve palsy was achieved by conservative treatment in 9 months, however, the middle ear fluid was remained. Because the fluid collected by myringotomy was positive for glucose, cerebrospinal fluid leakage was strongly suspected, and the patient was referred to our department 2 years after the onset. Computed tomography revealed a fracture of the anterior epitympanic tegmen, which was thought to be a fistula. He underwent surgical closure of the fistula via transmastoid and middle cranial fossa approaches. His postoperative clinical course was uneventful, and the patient was discharged 16 days after surgery. The diagnosis and treatment of cerebrospinal fluid leakage of the middle ear were bibliographically reviewed.
Intraoperative facial motor evoked potentials monitoring with transcranial electrical stimulation for preservation of facial nerve function in patients with large acoustic neuroma; Background: Although various monitoring techniques have been used routinely in the treatment of the lesions in the skull base, iatrogenic facial paresis or paralysis remains a significant clinical problem. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of intraoperative facial motor evoked potentials monitoring with transcranial electrical stimulation on preservation of facial nerve function. Method: From January to November 2005, 19 patients with large acoustic neuroma were treated using intraoperative facial motor evoked potentials monitoring with transcranial electrical stimulation (TCEMEP) for preservation of facial nerve function. The relationship between the decrease of MEP amplitude after tumor removal and the postoperative function of the facial nerve was analyzed. Results: MEP amplitude decreased more than 75% in 11 patients, of which 6 presented significant facial paralysis (H-B grade 3), and 5 had mild facial paralysis (H-B grade 2). In the other 8 patients, whose MEP amplitude decreased less than 75%, 1 experienced significant facial paralysis, 5 had mild facial paralysis, and 2 were normal. Conclusions: Intraoperative TCEMEP can be used to predict postoperative function of the facial nerve. The decreased MEP amplitude above 75% is an alarm point for possible severe facial paralysis.
A drooping face; the importance of family history in children with recurrent peripheral facial palsy; An 18-year-old girl had experienced drooping at the left corner of the mouth for several weeks and could not close her left eye. These symptoms improved gradually and spontaneously. She had had a similar experience 2 years earlier; at that time, the right side of the face was affected. Family members reported similar episodes. After excluding Lyme borreliosis and cerebellopontine angle tumour, a diagnosis of idiopathic familial peripheral facial palsy was made. Peripheral facial nerve palsy is commonly seen in children and young adults. Obtaining a family history is helpful in these patients: a positive family history is found in 2.4-28.6% of the cases. In the absence of other symptoms, a diagnosis of idiopathic familial peripheral facial palsy should be considered. The prognosis of these patients is generally good and therapy is usually unnecessary.
Percutaneous microballoon compression for trigeminal neuralgia; Background: Percutaneous microballoon compression (PMC) for trigeminal neuralgia is an important therapeutic method. The aim of this study was to review the effects of PMC for trigeminal neuralgia in 276 patients. Methods: From December 2000 to May 2003, 276 patients with trigeminal neuralgia were treated with PMC. The course of the disease ranged from 3 months to 38 years. Under the guidance of C-arm X-ray, 14# needle was placed into the foramen ovale using the classical Hakanson's technique. Fogarty balloon catheter was navigated into the Meckel's cave tenderly. A small amount of Omnipaque was slowly injected to inflate the balloon and compress the trigeminal ganglion for 3 to 10 minutes. Results: A total of 290 PMC were performed on the 276 patients. Among them, 252 had immediate relief from pain. The patients were followed up for a mean of 18.7 months (range, 4 to 32), 14 of them had a recurrence. Of the 14 patients, 12 were re-operated with PMC, and the pain was all controlled successfully. Conclusions: PMC is an effective and technically simple method for trigeminal neuralgia. For older patients with trigeminal neuralgia, it may be the first choice.
Petrous bone cholesteatoma: Clinical longitudinal study; The object of this retrospective study was to describe a series of patients with petrous bone cholesteatomas, paying particular attention to classification, diagnosis, surgical strategy, results, complications and recurrences. Furthermore, the study was designed to evaluate the impact of imaging techniques on an early diagnosis. Topographically, the petrous bone cholesteatomas of the present series were grouped using Sanna's classification and different surgical approaches were used. High resolution CT and/or MRI were used to follow-up the patients. The case notes of 52 patients with petrous bone cholesteatomas who were referred to our hospital for surgery between 1987 and 2003 were reviewed postoperatively. There were 45 primary cases and 7 recurrences. The facial nerve had been infiltrated and compressed by the cholesteatoma in 18 patients. Fourteen were managed with cable grafts using sural nerve or great auricular nerves. About 26 patients with preoperative grade I confirmed their normal facial function in 23 cases. In the other ten patients, the preoperative facial paralysis was due to compression by the cholesteatoma and its removal provided partial recovery of facial function in four patients. Our study compared two observation periods (1987-1996 and 1997-2003) when the diffusion and the availability of imaging techniques in our national health system had considerably increased. Two important factors emerged: firstly, the number of less extensive surgical approaches was higher in the more recent observation period, proving that cholesteatomas smaller in size had been diagnosed. Secondly, preoperative facial paralysis was less frequent in the same period-falling to 25% of cases of total facial paralysis from the 45.8% of the earlier period-practically half as much. The partial paralyses instead increased slightly, demonstrating that otologists have become more sensitive to and pay more attention to this symptom. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Small incision subperiosteal and trans-blepharoplasty forehead and browlift; The purpose of the study is to evaluate the safety and efficacy of non-endoscopic, small-incision subperiosteal forehead and browlift in patients undergoing associated upper eyelid blepharoplasty. This is a retrospective, non-comparative case series of 14 consecutive patients in 12 months. Eleven patients underwent bilateral and three unilateral surgery. Unilateral surgery was performed in patients with facial palsy and was augmented with cable suspension. The technique involves five small scalp incisions to create a single subperiosteal and deep temporal cavity. Superior arcus marginalis release and direct visualisation of the supraorbital nerve was achieved via a trans-blepharoplasty approach. All patients achieved a desirable browlift and contour. Follow up ranged from 2 to 40 weeks. Minor complications included transient diplopia (1), reduced upper eyelid sensation (1), and brief postoperative bleeding from one of the small incision sites (1). Small incision and trans-blepharoplasty forehead and browlift is a safe and effective method to achieve a cosmetically desirable browlift in patients that require associated upper eyelid blepharoplasty, using standard oculoplastic equipment without the need for an endoscope. © 2006 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons.
Morbidity and prognosis after therapeutic lymph node dissections for malignant melanoma; Melanoma patients with clinically evident regional lymph node metastases are treated with therapeutic lymph node dissections (TLNDs). The aim of this study was to evaluate morbidity and mortality following TLND in our institution. Moreover, disease-free (DFS) and overall (OS) survival were evaluated and factors that influence prognosis after TLND were assessed. Between 1982 and 2005, 236 patients underwent a TLND. Patients, who received a palliative LND or a sentinel node procedure, were not included. The median Breslow thickness was 2.4 mm. Ulceration was present in 23% of patients and unknown in 66%. 37 patients had unknown primary tumors. There were 129 ilio-inguinal, 50 axillary and 61 cervical dissections performed. 37% of the patients experienced at least one operation related complication. The most frequently seen complications were wound infections/necrosis and chronic lymph edema. Ilio-inguinal dissection patients experienced significantly more complications and a longer duration of hospitalization compared to axillary or cervical patients. The duration of hospitalization has been reduced in recent years from 12 to 5 days. The mean follow-up was 29 months. Kaplan-Meier estimated 5-year regional control was 79%, 5-year DFS was 19% and 5-year OS was 26%. The number of positive lymph nodes, the site of the primary tumor and extra capsular extension (ECE) were independent prognostic factors for DFS and only site and ECE for OS. In conclusion, TLND for stage III melanoma is accompanied with considerable short-term complications, and can achieve regional control and potential curation in approximately one in every four patients. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia presenting as acute renal failure; Background: A 42-year-old previously healthy man presented with acute-onset headache and facial paralysis. He was treated for Bell's palsy with corticosteroids and valaciclovir. One week later, he developed acute renal failure requiring hospitalization. Investigation: Physical examination, laboratory tests, urinalysis, renal ultrasound, renal biopsy, bone marrow biopsy, lumbar puncture, CT of the chest, abdomen and pelvis, MRI of the brain, and whole-body PET scan. Diagnosis: Acute lymphoblastic leukemia, bilateral renal enlargement secondary to leukemic infiltration, acute renal failure, tumor lysis syndrome, and leukemic involvement of the facial nerve. Management: The patient was treated with a modified induction chemotherapy regimen. He was given allopurinol for hyperuricemia and hydrated with alkalized intravenous fluids to prevent uric acid precipitation in the renal tubules. The profound tumor lysis that occurred after the cytotoxic chemotherapy required hemodialysis. ©2007 Nature Publishing Group.
Treatment of lymphangioma in children: our experience of 128 cases; Purpose: The aim of this study is to investigate the optimal treatment for lymphangioma in children by analyzing the effectiveness and complications of treatment modalities. Methods: We reviewed 128 patients with lymphangioma treated at our institution between 1979 and 2005. Periods of treatment were divided arbitrarily into 2 groups: period I, from 1979 to 1988 (n = 53); and period II, from 1989 to 2005 (n = 75). According to radiological appearance, patients were grouped into 4 types: single cystic (SI; n = 23), macrocystic (MA; n = 11), microcystic (MI; n = 69), and cavernous (CA; n = 25). Results: Sclerotherapy as primary treatment was performed in only 2 patients (3.8%) in period I using bleomycin but increased significantly in period II to 48 patients (64.0%) using OK-432 (P < .01). Nevertheless, primary surgical excision (69/78 patients, 88.5%) was significantly more successful than sclerotherapy (32/50, 64.0%) (P < .01). The following are the locations and types of lesions: head/neck (n = 69; SI, 11; MA, 5; MI, 42; CA, 11), trunk (n = 34; SI, 6; MA, 6; MI, 15; CA, 7), and extremities/other (n = 25; SI, 6; MI, 12; CA, 7). The effectiveness of sclerotherapy in SI, MA, MI, and CA types was 90.9%, 100%, 68.0%, and 10.0%, respectively. Seventeen patients (SI, 1; MI, 8; CA, 8) who received primary sclerotherapy required surgical excision with good outcome. Complications after primary surgical excision were more serious compared with sclerotherapy. Conclusion: Sclerotherapy with OK-432 was not as effective as reported in the literature. We recommend OK-432 injection therapy alone for SI and MA types and surgical excision after pretreatment with OK-432 for MI and CA types. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intracochlear hemorrhage after gamma knife radiosurgery; PURPOSE: To describe an acute complication after gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery (GKRS) for vestibular schwannoma (VS) in a neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF2) patient. STUDY DESIGN: Case report. SETTING: Tertiary care center. PATIENT: A 20-year-old man, who had bilateral VS and was having right-sided profound deafness, underwent GKRS for a 2-cm left-sided VS in an attempt to preserve his only hearing ear. He received a margin dose of 13 Gy to the 50% isodose line. Twenty-four hours after treatment, he presented with spinning vertigo, left-sided dead ear, and ipsilateral mild facial paralysis (House-Brackmann grade 3). RESULTS: Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated an intracochlear hemorrhage at the level of the basal turn of the left cochlea. Hearing did not recover, and the patient had to resort to lip reading. The facial paralysis regressed completely after 3 months. CONCLUSION: Many cases of hemorrhage caused by GKRS have previously been reported, but all were related to meningiomas or brain metastases. Because the patient had no coagulation defect, sign of trauma, or any history of infection, the hemorrhage might have been caused by a direct thermal effect on the endothelial cells or to an immediate tumoral swelling, inducing an increase in intravascular outflow resistance and leading to venous obliteration. To our knowledge, this is the first report of acute intracochlear hemorrhage after GKRS for VS. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Complications of chronic suppurative otitis media and their management; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this is to determine the incidence of otogenic complications of chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) and its management. STUDY DESIGN: The authors conducted a retrospective study. METHODS: The study was conducted at the tertiary referral and teaching hospital. An analysis was made about the clinical and operative findings, surgical techniques and approaches, the overall management and recovery of the patients. The data were then compared with the relevant and available literature. RESULTS: Of the 70 cases, 47 (67%) had a single complication, of which eight (11%) had intracranial and 39 (56%) had extracranial complications. Twenty-three (33%) had two or more complications. The commonly encountered intracranial complications were otitic meningitis, lateral sinus thrombosis, and cerebellar abscess, which were seen in 13 (19%), 10 (14%), and 6 (9%) cases, respectively. Among the extracranial complications, mastoid abscess, postauricular fistula, and facial palsy were encountered in 26 (37%), 17 (24%) and 10 (14%) patients, respectively. Surgeries were the main mode of treatment for these conditions. According to severity, we found four different types of the lateral sinus involvement. Three patients with otitic facial palsy failed to regain full facial function despite surgery. A total of nine patients with the diagnosis of otitic meningitis, lateral sinus thrombosis and interhemispheric abscess expired. It constituted the mortality rate of 13% in our study. CONCLUSION: CSOM complications, despite its reduced incidence, still pose a great challenge in developing countries as the disease present in the advanced stage leading to difficulty in management and consequently higher morbidity and mortality. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Gasperini syndrome, a report of two cases; We report 2 cases of Gasperini syndrome and consider them with the 11 previously reported cases to describe the clinical characteristics of this rare syndrome: Core neurological signs are peripheral facial nerve palsy and abducens nerve palsy of the affected side: Among all cases, imaging demonstrated a small lesion in the mediolateral tegmental pons (10/13 cases of microinfarction; 2/13 cases of microbleeding). We found that the responsible artery in ischemic Gasperini syndrome is mainly the long circumferential branch of the anterior inferior cerebellar artery; Case 1 is the first case thought to be caused by infarction of the basilar artery's paramedian branch. © 2007 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
Herpesvirus infections of the nervous system; There are eight human herpesviruses (HHVs). Primary infection by any of the eight viruses, usually occurring in childhood, is either asymptomatic or produces fever and rash of skin or mucous membranes; other organs might be involved on rare occasions. After primary infection, the virus becomes latent in ganglia or lymphoid tissue. With the exception of HHV-8, which causes Kaposi's sarcoma in patients with AIDS, reactivation of HHVs can produce one or more of the following complications: meningitis, encephalitis, myelitis, vasculopathy, ganglioneuritis, retinal necrosis and optic neuritis. Disease can be monophasic, recurrent or chronic. Infection with each herpesvirus produces distinctive clinical features and imaging abnormalities. This Review highlights the patterns of neurological symptoms and signs, along with the typical imaging abnormalities, produced by each of the HHVs. Optimal virological studies of blood, cerebrospinal fluid and affected tissue for confirmation of diagnosis are discussed; this is particularly important because some HHV infections of the nervous system can be treated successfully with antiviral agents.
Surgery after radiosurgery for acoustic neuromas: Surgical strategy and histological findings; OBJECTIVE: To retrospectively review the authors' experience with surgical resections after failed radiosurgery for acoustic neuromas. METHODS: The study group consisted of six patients with acoustic neuromas. The median age was 61 years (range, 18-72 yr). The median marginal radiation dose was 11 Gy (range, 10-12.5 Gy). The median interval between radiosurgery and surgical resection was 28 months (range, 4-74 mo). The operative indications were cerebellar ataxia and symptoms associated with increased intracranial pressure. The median follow-up period was 36 months (range, 11-72 mo) after surgical resection. RESULTS: The tumors were subtotally removed (≥80%) in four patients and partially removed (<80%) in the other two patients. Three patients had intratumoral bleeding. Preexisting facial nerve pal?y improved in two patients and deteriorated in one patient, and one patient experienced new facial palsy. No other new neurological deficits emerged after surgery. Histological features were typical of acoustic schwannoma, and some tumors were associated with foamy macrophages, myxoid degeneration, and necrosis attributed to radiation effects. At follow-up, the residual tumor was decreased in five patients and increased in one patient with an expanding intratumoral hematoma. CONCLUSION: Surgical resection after radiosurgery is indicated in the presence of such symptoms as cerebellar ataxia and increased intracranial pressure. It must be carefully considered because of the natural regression of transient tumor swelling over time. Surgical resection should be limited to subtotal removal for functional preservation. In patients with tumor enlargement several years after radiosurgery, the possibility of chronic intratumoral bleeding resulting from delayed radiation injury must be considered. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Facial palsy secondary to cholesteatoma: Analysis of outcome following surgery; Facial palsy is a rare presenting feature of cholesteatoma. Prompt treatment usually results in a good outcome, but if treatment is delayed the prognosis can be difficult to predict. We retrospectively reviewed 326 consecutive patients who had undergone temporal bone surgery for cholesteatoma. Eleven patients had presented with facial palsy, of whom eight had petrous apex involvement and three had disease confined to the middle-ear cleft. All patients with middle-ear disease were operated upon within two months of presentation, and all showed some recovery in facial function. The diagnosis had been delayed in all eight cases of apical disease, with four cases having had a long-standing total weakness. One case treated after seven months' partial weakness achieved a full recovery. In three cases of long-standing partial weakness, pre-operative facial function was preserved by maintaining the facial nerve in its normal anatomical location. Facial palsy associated with cholesteatoma should be treated as early as possible. Recovery can occur even if treatment is delayed for up to seven months. After this time, recovery is increasingly unlikely, but any residual function can be maintained and further deterioration prevented. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
HIV infection with concomitant cerebral toxoplasmosis and disseminated histoplasmosis in a 45-year-old man; Although disseminated histoplasmosis is a common opportunistic infection in HIV patients in endemic areas, it is not widely known in Japan. We report a rare case of a man from Ghana infected with HIV who was hospitalized in Japan and who suffered from coinfection with cerebral toxoplasmosis and disseminated histoplasmosis. The diagnosis of cerebral toxoplasmosis was confirmed by a brain biopsy, and the therapy for the disease resulted in almost complete resolution of the brain lesion. However, fever of unknown origin continued for 2 weeks, and disseminated histoplasmosis was diagnosed by examination of a blood smear and by the detection of the histoplasma genome in the peripheral blood by means of polymerase chain reaction. The isolate was confirmed to be Histoplasma capsulatum var. duboisii. Therapy with amphotericin B was initiated, and no histoplasma genome in the peripheral blood was detected 3 days later. Unfortunately, the patient died after 10 days from acute respiratory syndrome. This case highlights that histoplasmosis should be included in the differential diagnosis of opportunistic infections in AIDS patients when patients have a history of travel to or arrival from endemic areas. © 2007 Japanese Society of Chemotherapy and The Japanese Association for Infectious Diseases.
Uveitis associated with primary angiitis of the central nervous system; Background: In Primary Angiitis of the Central Nervous System (PACNS), disease is typically limited to the brain and spinal cord although other organs may be affected. Uveitis is occasionally seen in systemic vasculitides but is not a recognized manifestation of PACNS. We describe two patients who developed PACNS following the onset of uveitis. Case Descriptions: Case 1-A 47-year-old male suffered multiple TIAs and left pontine stroke shortly after two episodes of diffuse uveitis. A cerbral angiogram demonstrated multiple caliber changes within several intracranial vessels. Cyclophosphamide was added after his stroke occurred during pulse methylprednisolone therapy. Case 2- A 35-year-old male suffered a spinal cord TIA followed by hemispheric and brainstem infarctions two months after an episode of uveitis and Bell's palsy treated with oral prednisone. A cerebral angiogram demonstrated multiple caliber changes within several intracranial vessels. He was successfully treated with oral prednisone and cyclophosphamide. Conclusions: Uveitis should be considered a recognized feature of PACNS. Combination immunosuppressive therapy with prednisone and cyclophosphamide may be necessary for successful treatment.
Opticospinal multiple sclerosis showed the phenotype change to conventional type induced by interferon beta-1b; A 57-year-old woman who had severe opticospinal multiple sclerosis (OSMS) was admitted to our hospital. She had presented with visual loss and gait disturbance at the age of 48, and had since experienced more than 10 relapses and been hospitalized 9 times. Interferon beta-1b treatment (8,000,000 units on alternate days) had been started at her last admission. Prior to the present admission, she had developed left visual loss and gait difficulty after headache lasting a few days. Cerebrospinal fluid showed elevation of cell count (322 /mm3), protein (130 mg/dl), and myelin basic protein (462 pg/ml;normal, < 102 pg/ml). On examination, she exhibited decreased left visual acuity, paraplegia, ataxia of the right upper extremity, and sensory disturbance, particularly in the lower extremities. Bowel and bladder disturbances were also evident. Laboratory testing showed lymphocytopenia (420 /μl), compared to a white cell count of 1,700 /μl just before initiation of interferon beta-1b therapy. MRI revealed a new lesion in the cerebellum in addition to small T2-hyperintense lesions in the white matter of the brain;these had been noted previously. Interferon beta-1b therapy was ceased and she was treated using methylprednisolone pulse therapy. After the abnormal findings resolved, however, interferon beta-1b therapy was restarted. Three months after, she exhibited right hemiparesis without facial palsy concurrent with lymphocytopenia. MRI showed T2-hyperintense lesions in the periventricular white matter, left cerebral peduncle, bilateral middle cerebellar peduncles, and right cerebellar hemisphere. We reduced the doses of interferon beta-1b immediately. Thereafter, she did not have relapse for 29 months, but her EDSS (expanded disability status scale) has not recovered. Although interferon beta-1b has been recognized as an effective drug for decreasing the relapse rate and severity of both secondary progressive MS and relapsing-remitting MS, the present case showed the possibility of interferon beta-lb being associated with phenotype change from OSMS to conventional MS (CMS).
Peripheral facial palsy. Descriptive study at the University Hospital in Getafe; Objective: Our aim is to validate a protocol for the diagnosis and treatment of peripheral facial palsy. Material and method: A cross-sectional and retrospective descriptive study was made of 63 patients diagnosed with facial palsy and given out-patient follow-up care. Results: The average age was 41 years, with a 60 % preponderance of men, and the predominant side was the left one with a House-Brackmann degree of III on debut. The average time of evolution was 24 hours and the most frequent symptoms were mastoid pain and algiacusia. The treatment used was oral corticoids. Most were discharged in the first 60 days, without any relation with treatment or with the initial degree. Conclusions: Our protocol is valid and it allows suitable monitoring of this pathology. Most of the cases are resolved within the first 60 days. The tests habitually done have a low diagnostic yield, except for the electroneuronography, very useful within the first 21 days.
A review of base of skull fractures; Base of skull fractures after Head trauma is a common problem. Management is often conservative. Trauma surgeons should be familiar with the clinical signs, appropriate imaging and guidelines for referral to neurosurgery. We review the current evidence on antibiotic use. Recognition and management of the immediate and delayed complications of skull base fractures is discussed. © SAGE Publications 2007.
Facial diplejia: A regional variant of Guillian-Barré Syndrome; Facial palsy is a uncommon clinical manifestation that it can be caused by different ethiologies. We show a patient with a chronic periodontal disease who presented a sudden facial palsy, initially in left-face but it becomes bilateral quickly. In few days he associated paresthesias in his right arm and hiporreflexia. These clinical findings with albumin-citological dissociation, they had allowed to establish the diagnosis of regional variant of Guillain-Barré Syndrome (SGB). Facial diplejia is an idiopathic manifestation in 25% of patients, and this is the most common cause. However, facial diplejia can be secondary to many ethiologies as SGB. The affectation of facial nerve associated to other motor symptoms in SGB is frequent, but it is not frequent the presentation as facial diplejia alone. In conclusion, it is necessary a high clinical suspicion to do a lumbar punction (PL) and MRI to reject neoplasic pathologies and to obtain a diagnosis and an adequatted treatment. Copyright © 2007 Aran Ediciones, S.L.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is a peripheral facial nerve palsy accompanied by an erythematous vesicular rash on the ear or in the mouth; it is caused by varicella zoster virus that affects the geniculate ganglion. The zoster oticus is the second most common cause of atraumatic peripheral facial paralysis. We present a review of zoster oticus identified in our hospital among 2001-2005. we show various atypical cases with multiple cranial nerve involvement; cerebellum and spinal cord was affected in one patient. 3/10 cases were complicated with a pneumonia. So, we think that some grade of immunodeficiency may be present in these cases. Treatment with acyclovir and prednisone has been successfully to improve the outcome in the most of patients. Compared with Bell's palsy, patients with zoster oticus often have more severe paralysis at onset and are less likely to recover completely. Copyright © 2007 Aran Ediciones, S.L.
Neurotoxocarosis; Infection of humans with embryonated eggs of Toxocara canis (larva migrans) remains asymptomatic, or results in covert or common toxocarosis, visceral larva migrans syndrome, or ophthalmologic and neurologic impairment. Though neurological manifestations of Toxocara canis larvae are rare, toxocarosis remains an important differential diagnosis of various neurological disorders. Manifestations of the central nervous system are dementia, meningo-encephalitis, myelitis, cerebral vasculitis, epilepsy, or optic neuritis. Manifestations of the peripheral nervous system comprise radiculitis, affection of cranial nerves, or musculoskeletal involvement. If toxocarosis is neglected, ignored, or refused as a differential of these abnormalities, it may be easily overlooked for years. Early recognition and treatment of the infection is, however, of paramount importance since it reduces morbidity and mortality and the risk of secondary superinfection. Like the visceral manifestations, neurological manifestations of toxocarosis are treated by benzimidazole components, most frequently albendazole, corticosteroids, or diethylcarbamazine. If detected and treated early, the prognosis of neurological manifestations of toxocarosis is favourable.
Cerebral ischemia related to isotretinoin; Venlafaxine-induced alopecia; Cognitive dysfunction with tolterodine; Retinal artery occlusion after injection of long-acting risperidone; Olanzapine-induced chylomicronemia presenting as pancreatitis; Metabolic effects of the atypical antipsychotics - An editorial; Another drug-induced pancreatitis - This one caused by a tyrosine kinase inhibitor ...; full title: Cerebral ischemia related to isotretinoin; Venlafaxine-induced alopecia; Cognitive dysfunction with tolterodine; Retinal artery occlusion after injection of long-acting risperidone; Olanzapine-induced chylomicronemia presenting as pancreatitis; Metabolic effects of the atypical antipsychotics - An editorial; Another drug-induced pancreatitis - This one caused by a tyrosine kinase inhibitor; Suicide attempts related to antidepressant medications.
Hemifacial spasm: Over 10 years of treatment with botulinum toxin; Introduction. The short-term beneficial and adverse effects of treatment with botulinum toxin (BT) in hemifacial spasm (HS) are well documented, but this is not the case with its long-term derivatives. Aims. To describe the characteristics, the dose development, the side effects and the reason for giving up therapy in patients who have been on BT treatment for more than 10 years. We also sought to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of prolonged treatment in patients with HS. Patients and methods. We reviewed the demographic and clinical characteristics of patients who had had HS for more than 10 years since follow-up began. We analysed the mean dose development of BT per visit and year, the number of sessions per year, side effects and reasons for dropping out. We focused our attention on cases with more than 10 years' continuous treatment. Results. The percentage of patients who had been on treatment for over ten years was 53.7%. The mean dose of BT per year rose progressively, and was significant (p < 0.05) during the first four years of treatment. There was no significant increase in the number of sessions. Altogether 46 side effects were observed, ptosis being the most frequent. These occurred during the first years of the early stages of the technique. The most common cause of dropout was loss to follow-up in 22 patients, followed by death in 11 cases. Conclusions. BT is a feasible, safe treatment option (with very few benign side effects) in the prolonged treatment of patients with HS. © 2007, Revista de Neurología.
Facial paralysis reported in a paediatric emergency department: Actuation protocol reviewed and verified; Introduction. As result of our aim to improve the quality standard of our emergency system, work has been carried out in relation to the development and monitorization of effective clinical protocols in the department of paediatric practice. Patients and methods. An evidence based review approach was taken to design a clinical protocol about Bell's palsy condition for the paediatric emergency department. Previous protocol approved in March 2003 was reviewed accordingly with the new designed protocol's quality standards. The Bell's palsy cases reported since March 2003 until June 2006 to paediatric emergency department were analyzed. Results. A total of 27 patients affected by Bell's palsy were reported to the hospital's emergency department. Facial expression was described in 85.19% of the cases. Cranial nerves normal function was reported in 77.78%. Fundoscopic examination was described in 77.78% and otoscopic findings in 44.44%; the absence of herpes vesicles was analyzed only in 11.11%. All patients received steroid therapy (prednisone) and the treatment resulted in the complete recovery. The mean time to resolution was 58.6 days. Conclusions. In order to improve hospital's quality standards, clinical protocols should be designed and verified regularly to ensure the proper performance. Medical auditing also contributes to improve effectiveness in health attendance. © 2007, Revista de Neurología.
Physical therapy in peripheral facial paralysis: retrospective study.; Peripheral facial paralysis requires specialized treatment. Physical therapy aims at reestablishing facial movements. The aim of this study was to describe and to analyze physical therapy results for individuals with peripheral facial paralysis. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective study. METHOD: A retrospective study was carried out at the University Hospital, authorized by the Statistics and Medical File Services, from 1999 to 2003. Data are presented in descriptive form with mean and median values for numeric variables and frequency for categorical variables. RESULTS: Twenty-three files were analyzed during four years. Females predominated and the average age was of 32.3 years (SD+/-16.5); 14 idiopathic and five trauma cases; 12 with total motor deficit and 11 with partial motor deficit; in the 12 cases that underwent final evaluation, seven had partial and five had total recovery. The physical therapy program used was kinesiotherapy and patient education. CONCLUSION: In this study, individuals were similar to individuals in other populations. They were treated with kinesiotherapy, as suggested by the scientific literature and recovered.
Cheilitis granulomatosa associated with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome.; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) consists of persistent or recurrent orofacial edema, relapsing facial palsy and fissured tongue. The complete triad of symptoms is uncommon, varying from 8 to 25%. The presentation of only one symptom is more common. The most frequent complaint is facial edema and enlargement of the lips. We describe a case of a 17-year-old Brazilian girl with limited edema of the lower lip and fissured tongue due to MRS. Her complaints had started two years before. She referred previous clinical treatments without success. We proposed intralesional injection of triamcinolone at 20 mg every 15 days associated with oral clofazimine at 50 mg/day for three months. The lip became normal after four triamcinolone injections. Recent studies have considered MRS a granulomatous disease, and possibly the initial presentation of Crohn's disease in orofacial area of some patients. MRS patients, therefore, should be screened and monitored for gastrointestinal symptoms. Corticosteroid treatment seems to be effective in reducing lip enlargement. We discuss the clinical features of this disease, the treatment, and the importance of corticosteroid therapy in cases of MRS-related facial palsy.
Primary clinical study on using end-to-end neurorrhaphy following rapid nerve expansion to repair facial nerve defect; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical effect of end-to-end neurorrhaphy following rapid expansion of the nerve in repairing facial nerve defect. METHODS: From August 2000 to February 2005, 9 patients suffering from facial nerve defect were treated by the surgical method. The defect was caused by traffic injury(4 cases) , by cutting injury (2 cases) and falling wound (1 case). Seven cases showed prominent facial paralysis. The other 2 cases were invaded by parotid carcinoma, without remarkable paralysis. One case had unibranch defect, and the other 8 cases had multibranch defect. The nerve gap ranged from 1.5 cm to 3.0 cm. After both the proximal and the distal segment had been dissected, the nerve was elongated by the expander designed and manufactured. The expansion was done at a speed of 2.0 cm/30 min, and it lasted until the end-to-end neurorrhaphy can be done easily. The treatment result was evaluated according to Baker's classification and House-Brackmann's grading system. RESULTS: Nine patients were followed up 6-18 months. In 5 cases achieving good result, both dynamic look and static look of face were symmetric, the EMG peak value of mimetic muscle was 82%-95% of normal side. In 3 cases achieving fair result, the dynamic look and static look of face were basically symmetric, and the EMG peak value of mimetic muscle was 60%-90% of normal side. In 1 case achieving poor result, the function of mimetic muscle was improved slightly, and the EMG peak value of mimetic muscle was 55% of normal side. CONCLUSION: The satisfactory result can be obtained by end-to-end neurorrhaphy following rapid expansion of the nerve in condition that nerve defect is less than 3.0 cm.
[Analysis of prognostic factors in microsurgery of intratemporal facial nerve schwannoma].; To discuss prognostic factors in microsurgery of intratemporal facial nerve schwannoma. Clinical and follow-up materials from 13 cases of facial nerve schwannoma were analyzed retrospectively. Spearman rank-order correlation and nonparametric Mann-Whitney U test from SPSS 10.0 for Windows was used for the analysis. Each of 13 cases was operated on using modern microsurgery. Eleven cases among them received facial nerve reconstruction. One of the 13 cases lost follow-up. Others had no residue or recurrence. The House-Brackmann grades of the cases received facial nerve reconstruction were II through V. Spearman rank-order correlation showed the postoperative facial nerve function was correlated with the preoperative duration of facial nerve paralysis (r = 0.925, P = 0.000) and the preoperative facial nerve function(r = 0.712, P = 0.021). Mann-Whitney U test showed that the tumor position had no effect on the postoperative facial nerve function (P = 0.889). Among most of the patients who received microsurgery of facial nerve schwannoma, facial nerve functions could be restored to great extent. The longer the preoperative duration of facial nerve paralysis or the worse the preoperative facial nerve function, the worse the postoperative facial nerve function in cases who received facial nerve resection and reconstruction. Facial nerve reconstruction was helpful for the patient with facial nerve schwannoma whose facial muscles were denervated but have fibrillation potentials, as well as for the patient whose facial nerve schwannoma intruded internal acoustic canal.
[Facial nerve root combing scraping for hemifacial spasm].; To explore the effective intracranial surgical method for hemifacial spasm which can be operated more safely and easily. Twenty-five cases of hemifacial spasm underwent intracranial facial nerve root combing scraping by improved retrosigmoid approach. The compressing vessels were found in 10 cases and could be removed easily. Both microvascular decompression and facial nerve root combing scraping were performed to reduce recurrence. The other cases with perforating artery or without any compressing vessels underwent the facial nerve root combing scraping and cutting off partially for about 1/6 to approximately 1/5 neural fibers. Hemifacial spasms were obliterated in 22 cases (88%) after operation, obviously relieved in 2 cases (8%), invalid in 1 case (4%). Varied facial nerve paralysis was observed in 25 patients, but no hearing disturbance and other serious complication occurred. Follow-up for 2 to approximately 8 years showed there were recurrences in 2 cases (8%) and the facial nerve paralysis of 25 cases recovered in 1 to approximately 6 months after operation. The facial nerve root combing scraping is an effective and safe microsurgical procedure which has wide-ranged indication and less complication. It is very important to select suitable treatment for the patient individually during the operation to improve the efficacy and lower the risk.
Improvement of advanced postvaccinal demyelinating encephalitis due to plasmapheresis; We report a case of acute demyelinating encephalitis that occurred after viral vaccination against hepatitis A-, hepatitis B-, and poliovirus and vaccination against bacterial toxins of diphtheria and tetanus. After different diagnosis had been excluded, we diagnosed postvaccinal demyelinating encephalitis and started treatment with high dose intravenous methylprednisolone, followed by peroral application in decreasing dosages for three weeks. A few days after the treatment with methylprednisolone had been finished, the patient's medical condition deteriorated again. Thus, we initiated plasma exchange at an advanced state of illness, which led to significant continuous improvement. The role of plasma exchange is discussed controversially, in particular the issue of timing. We report a case that shows improvement due to plasmapheresis several weeks after symptom onset. © 2007 Rogalewski et al, Publisher and Licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Values of blink reflex and electroneurography in diagnosis of facial paralysis; Background: The electrophysiological test was mainly achieved by the reaction of nerve fiber to electrical stimulus, usually expressed by the amplitude and latency. Blink reflex and electroneurography (ENOG) are widely applied in facial paralysis, the amplitude would step down, and the latency would prolong when the facial nerve was injured. Objective: To compare the value of blink reflex and ENOG in the diagnosis of facial paralysis (Bell's palsy). Design: A controlled trial. Settings: Affiliated Hospital, Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine; West China Hospital of Sichuan University; Mianyang Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine; Sichuan People's Hospital. Participants: The patients who had finished the tests of blink reflex (n =207) and ENOG (n =205) were selected from the Affiliated Hospital, Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine; West China Hospital of Sichuan University; Mianyang Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine; Sichuan People's Hospital from September 2001 to July 2003. After treatment for 4 weeks, the patients finished tests of blink reflex (n =207) and ENOG (n =205) were randomly divided into primary treatment group (n =68, 69), acupuncture group (n =71, 66) and comprehensive treatment group (n =68, 70), respectively. Approval was obtained from the ethic committee of hospital. Methods: Patients in the primary treatment group and acupuncture group were treated with western medicine, acupuncture and moxibustion alone respectively, and those in the comprehensive treatment group were treated with acupuncture and moxibustion based on western medicine. The whole period of treatment was 4 weeks. The tests of blink reflex and ENOG were carried out using Japanese light and electricity MEB-2200 electromyogram/induced potential instrument for once before and after treatment respectively. The normal value of the latency period of wave R1 was within 13 ms, and the difference was 1 - 1.2 ms between the left and right sides. Main outcome measures: The latency of wave R1 of blink reflect and the latency and wave amplitude of ENOG on the affected and healthy sides before and after treatment were observed. Results: Totally 207 and 205 patients received tests of blink reflex and ENOG, but 17 and 16 cases respectively did not finish the second measurement, finally 190 and 189 cases were involved in the analysis of results. The latencies of wave R1 on the affected side after treatment were significantly longer than those before treatment (t = - 6.253, P < 0.01); The latencies of wave R1 on the normal side were in the normal range before and after treatment; The latencies of wave R1 before treatment on the affected side was significantly longer than that on the normal side (t =- 5.896, P < 0.01), but there were no significant differences between the affected and normal sides after treatment (P > 0.05). It was indicated that the latencies of wave R1 on the affected side had restored normally, and the blink reflex was improved obviously after treatment. The latency of ENOG on the affected side before treatment was significantly prolonged as compared with that on the normal side (t =2.247, P < 0.01); After treatment, the difference between the affected and normal side became smaller, but remarkable significance still existed (t =10.810, P < 0.01). In spite of the obvious improvement of affected side before and after treatment, there were still significant differences (t = - 8.110, P < 0.05). The wave amplitude on the affected side was decreased after treatment, which was not significantly different from that before treatment (P >0.05). Conclusion: After treatment of facial paralysis, blink reflect was greatly improved, there was an obvious hysteresis in the latency of ENOG. Therefore, blink reflect was better than ENOG in the early diagnosis, while ENOG was suitable for evaluating the prognosis. The ENOG examination was better than blink reflex at middle and late period.
Sebaceous cell carcinoma of scalp - A rare presentation; Sebaceous cell carcinoma of the skin is a rare malignancy of the skin appendages. Most commonly noticed in the orbital region. Extra orbital sebaceous cell carcinoma is extremely rare. The aggressive behavior of this tumor is still a matter of controversy. We present a case of sebaceous cell carcinoma in scalp region in young women.
Late decompression in patients with acute facial nerve paralysis after temporal bone fracture; Objective: The aim of this paper was to address the management of acute facial nerve paralysis after temporal bone fracture and the outcomes of late decompression. Methods: The study design was a retrospective review of eight patients who underwent late decompression of acute facial nerve paralysis due to temporal bone fracture involving the geniculate region. Pre-operative electrophysiological testing showed total degeneration of the facial nerve in all patients. The mean operation period was 70.1 ± 54.8 days after the trauma. A pure middle fossa approach and combined approach included middle cranial fossa and transmastoid approaches and were used in six and two patients, respectively. Evaluation of the facial nerve function was graded according to the House-Brackmann grading scale. Results: The mean follow up period was 5.7 ± 3.2 years, ranging from 3 months to 10 years. Six patients showed 3 score of House-Brackmann recovery of facial nerve function in long-term follow-up and the last 2 patients still need time for their final House-Brackmann evaluation. Conclusions: Surgery should be performed if serial electroneurography and electromyography demonstrate more than 90% degeneration and total denervation potentials, respectively, of nerve fibers. Based on the outcomes observed, late facial nerve decompression may have still beneficial effects in patients who could not be operated on early.
Sigmoid sinus thrombosis associated to chronic otitis media; Otogenous lateral sinus thrombosis (OLST) is a rare disease and presents a controversial treatment. Aim:Clinical aspects and treatment were reported based on our experience. Methods: Retrospective study. Six cases of OLST were treated in our institution in the last ten years. Clinical and imaging data were analyzed. Results: All six patients had the lateral sinus thrombosis detected during image evaluation for other symptoms related to chronic otitis media (COM) complications. Fever, headache and facial paralysis were the main clinical manifestation related to mastoiditis, meningitis and cerebellar abscess. We could not identify, in any case, specific features of lateral sinus thrombosis. In all cases a mastoidectomy was associated with large spectrum antibiotics maintained for 3 months. In three cases anticoagulation therapy was introduced and in three cases anticoagulation was not indicated. All cases presented a good clinical evolution, without sequelae. Conclusions: OLST is almost always associated with other complications of COM. It is diagnosed almost by accident during the investigative image study. We believe such disease is underestimated. In our experience, OLST presents a benign course, and mastoidectomy with antibiotics is the treatment of choice. © Revista Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia. All Rights reserved.
Peripheral nervous system involvement in patients with cancer; Involvement of the peripheral nervous system (PNS) is common in patients with cancer and any part, including motor neurons, sensory ganglia, nerve roots, plexuses, cranial and peripheral nerves, and neuromuscular junctions, can be affected. Different mechanisms can initiate damage associated with cancer-related PNS disorders. These include tumour infiltration, toxicity of treatments, metabolic and nutritional perturbations, cachexia, virus infections, and paraneoplastic neurological syndromes. The type of cancer, lymphoma, or solid tumour is a further determinant of a PNS disorder. In this Review we discuss the different causes and mechanisms of disorders of the PNS in patients with cancer and we will focus on their assessment and diagnosis. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of peg-IFN alfa-2a with ribavirin for the treatment of HCV/HIV coinfected patients who failed previous IFN based therapy; Background: Interferon (IFN) regimens for HCV treatment are less effective in HCV/HIV-coinfected patients. There are no effective treatments for patients who fail IFN therapies. We examined the safety and efficacy of peginterferon alfa-2a (peg-IFNα-2a) plus ribavirin (RBV) in 41 HCV/HIV-coinfected patients non-responsive to prior IFN treatment. Methods: Patients received peg-IFNα-2a (180 mg/week) plus RBV (800 mg/day) for 24 weeks (n = 41). At week 24, patients with non-detectable HCV RNA or ≥2-log decrease from baseline, received peg-IFNα-2a (180 mg/week) plus RBV (800 mg/day) for 24 weeks further. Patients not responding to treatment at week 24 were discontinued. Results: Intent to treat (ITT) sustained viral response (SVR) was 21.9%. Patients who received at least 24 weeks of peg-IFNα-2a plus RBV treatment (n = 35), SVR rates were 25.7%. SVR was associated with significant improvements in liver histology grade (p = 0.02), stage (p = 0.02), and fibrosis progression rate (FPR) (p = 0.03). Patients that failed to achieve SVR had statistically significant decreases in grade (p = 0.09) and FPR (p = 0.01). Conclusion: peg-IFNα-2a plus RBV is effective and safe to achieve SVR in HCV/HIV coinfected patients non-responsive to prior IFN treatment. Patients that achieve SVR have significant improvements in liver histology parameters. In patients that do not achieve SVR there are histological benefits beyond virological response that suggest that peg-IFNα-2a + RBV therapy may decrease risk of progression to end stage liver disease. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Recombinant Human Insulin-Like Growth Factor I (rhIGF-I) and rhIGF-I/rhIGF-Binding-Protein-3: New Growth Treatment Options?; The recent approval by the FDA of rhIGF-I and rhIGF-I/rhIGFBP-3 has raised questions of the utility of these preparations beyond the absolute and rare indications of GHRD, GH-GHR signal transduction defects, IGF-I mutations, and GH inactivating antibodies.29 With the exception of patients with Noonan syndrome who have mutations of the PTNPN11 gene, there is little evidence for partial GH insensitivity affecting response to rhGH treatment. Treatment experience with GHRD and animal data indicate that endocrine IGF-I alone is inadequate for normal growth, and that both IGF-I and GH are required. The administration of rhIGF-I to persons who are GH sufficient may be counterproductive by suppressing GH secretion with resultant reduction in IGFBP-3 and ALS synthesis, and, especially, reduction of direct GH effects on bone and local IGF-I secretion. Recombinant IGF-I, however, in combination with rhGH, may have a role in the treatment of children with severe idiopathic short stature who have very low IGF-I levels and who are not responding adequately to rhGH. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis and c-ANCA positivity; Retroperitoneal fibrosis (RPF) is an uncommon collagen vascular disease characterized by a chronic nonspecific inflammation of the retroperitoneum, which can entrap and obstruct retroperitoneal structures. Although obscure, an autoimmune-mediated or vasculitic etiology has been hypothesized. In the current report, a case of RPF associated with the presence of antibodies against proteinase III, which responded effectively to immunosuppressive therapy, is presented. © Clinical Rheumatology 2005.
Surgical management of lesions of the internal carotid artery using a modified fisch type A infratemporal approach; OBJECTIVE: To report seven cases of vascular repair of the internal carotid artery (ICA) using a modified Fisch type A infratemporal approach and a venous grafting. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective case review. SETTING: Tertiary care center. PATIENTS: We have analyzed the clinical presentation, paraclinical assessment, and postoperative results regarding the vascular repair and the facial and auditory function from seven consecutive patients. All patients have been operated on by a multidisciplinary team of ENT and vascular surgeons. RESULTS: The study includes four men and three women, aged from 21 to 62 years old. Six patients suffered from vascular traumatic injury after motor vehicle accident (n = 5) or cervical manipulation (n = 1) and one patient presented an atheromatous stenosis. All benefited from a vascular repair with a venous grafting through a modified Fisch Type A infratemporal approach. No death and no new stroke were noted (mean follow-up, 34 mo). The postoperative angiographies showed six functional grafts and one asymptomatic thrombosis. Six immediate postoperative facial palsy occurred but recovered to Grade I or II within 6 months. There was one traumatic injury of the facial nerve and one postoperative anacusis. For the six other patients, the reconstitution of the external auditory canal and ossicular chain allowed to limit the hearing loss to a mean air-bone gap of 22.5 dB (range, 15-35 dB). CONCLUSION: The lesions of the intrapetrous aspects of the ICA remain the subject of debates regarding the indication for a vascular repair. For young or in good health patients, the infratemporal approach provides a safe and reliable access to the horizontal segment of the ICA, offering to the vascular surgeons optimal conditions for the vascular repair. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Infective causes of facial nerve paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To review the functional recovery in a cohort of patients with facial nerve paralysis (FNP) due to infective cause. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective review based on patients identified from a prospectively maintained database of patients with FNP. The case notes of identified patients were reviewed. SETTING: Tertiary referral center. PATIENTS: The patients were identified from a database of 1074 patients with FNP. One hundred twenty of the 150 patients identified as having FNP due to an infectious disease caused by herpes zoster oticus were excluded from the study. The remaining 30 patients were included in the study. INTERVENTIONS: Patients were treated both operatively and nonoperatively. Operative treatment included myringotomy and ventilation tube placement, cortical mastoidectomy, modified radical (canal wall down) mastoidectomy, petrous apicectomy, and lateral temporal bone resection. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: This study used the House-Brackmann (HB) grade of facial function at 1 year after initial assessment. The patients were identified from a prospectively maintained database of all patients presenting with FNP to a single specialist otolaryngologist (G.R.C.) between June 1988 and April 2005. The database contains information including demographic details, dates of presentation, diagnostic modalities used, diagnosis, interventions, and HB grade. The patients in this series presented between August 4, 1989 and August 26, 2003. RESULTS: Twenty-nine patients with 30 facial nerve paralyses were identified. The causes of FNP were acute otitis media (n = 10); cholesteatoma (n = 10 [acquired, 7; congenital, 3]); mastoid cavity infections (n = 2); malignant otitis externa (n = 2); noncholesteatomatous chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM; n = 2); tuberculous mastoiditis (n = 1); suppurative parotitis (n = 1); and chronic granulomatosis (n = 1). The patients with noncholesteatomatous CSOM who presented sooner after the onset of facial nerve symptoms had greater facial nerve recovery when assessed using the HB grade at 1 year. CONCLUSION: FNP due to infective causes other than herpes zoster oticus is rare. Patients with noncholesteatomatous CSOM and FNP have a better outcome than those with FNP due to cholesteatoma. Patients with FNP due to acute otitis media tend to have a good prognosis without surgical decompression of the facial nerve being required. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Facial paralysis associated with glomus jugulare tumors; OBJECTIVE: To review the intraoperative findings and facial nerve management in nine patients who presented with facial paralysis associated with glomus jugulare tumors. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective analysis of patient medical records. SETTING: Tertiary care academic medical center. PATIENTS: All patients who presented with facial paralysis and a glomus jugulare tumor who underwent surgical resection of their tumors at our institution. INTERVENTION: A postauricular infratemporal fossa approach for tumor removal and greater auricular interposition neural repair. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Intraoperative facial nerve findings and long-term facial recovery. RESULTS: One hundred two patients underwent a postauricular infratemporal approach for resection of glomus jugulare tumor from July 1988 through July 2005. Nine of these patients presented with ipsilateral facial paralysis. The medial surface of the vertical segment was invaded by tumor in all nine cases. Facial recovery at 2 years was House-Brackmann Grade III in eight patients and Grade IV in one individual. Facial recovery did not significantly change after 2 years (mean follow-up of 7.4 years). DISCUSSION: Facial nerve invasion of the vertical segment occurred in 9 (9%) of 101 patients in our series. Facial nerve resection with interposition grafting resulted in House-Brackmann Grade III in eight (89%) of nine patients. Facial nerve dissection and preservation was not possible when preoperative facial paralysis was evident. © 2007 Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Reactivation of herpes simplex virus type 1 and varicella-zoster virus and therapeutic effects of combination therapy with prednisolone and valacyclovir in patients with Bell's palsy; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether reactivation of herpes simplex virus (HSV) type 1 or varicella-zoster virus (VZV) is the main cause of Bell's palsy and whether antiviral drugs bring about recovery from Bell's palsy. STUDY DESIGN: Randomized, multicenter, controlled study. METHODS: One hundred fifty patients with Bell's palsy were enrolled in this study. The patients were randomly assigned to a prednisolone group or a prednisolone-valacyclovir group, in whom virologic examinations for HSV-1 and VZV were performed by simple randomization scheme in sealed envelopes. The recovery rates among various groups were analyzed using the Kaplan-Meier method and the Cox proportional hazards model. RESULTS: Reactivation of HSV-1, VZV, and both viruses was detected in 15.3%, 14.7%, and 4.0% of patients, respectively. There was no significant difference in recovery rates between the prednisolone group and the prednisolone- valacyclovir group, although recovery in the patients with HSV-1 reactivation tended to be higher in the prednisolone-valacyclovir group than in the prednisolone group. There was a significant difference in recovery among age groups and between individuals with complete and incomplete paralysis. CONCLUSIONS: Reactivation of HSV-1 or VZV was observed in 34% of the patients with Bell's palsy. The effect of combination therapy with prednisolone and valacyclovir on recovery was not significantly higher than that with prednisolone alone. © The American Laryngological, Rhinological & Otological Society, Inc.
Trigeminal trophic syndrome; Ulceration of the nose may be inadvertently induced by the patient. Although trigeminal trophic syndrome is an uncommon cause of chronic ulcers, healthcare providers should consider the possibility of this disorder when encountering a patient with nasal ulcerations. Trigeminal trophic syndrome most commonly occurs in older women following therapy for trigeminal neuralgia. The ulcers usually involve the nasal ala and paranasal areas. The clinical vignette of a man with a self-induced nasal ulcer secondary to trigeminal trophic syndrome, which was initially suspected to be skin cancer, is presented. Since nasal ulcerations can be secondary to other conditions, a lesional biopsy should be performed to exclude other diagnoses when trigeminal trophic syndrome is entertained. In addition to trigeminal trophic syndrome, the differential diagnosis of conditions that can cause nasal ulcers include factitial disorders with self-induced ulcerations (such as dermatitis artifacta and neurotic excoriations), granulomatous conditions, infectious diseases, malignancy, and pyoderma gangrenosum. Treatment of trigeminal trophic syndrome requires prevention of digital manipulation of the lesion-either by occluding contact with the ulcer, initiating psychotropic medication, or both. Psychiatric and/or pharmacologic intervention should be considered to reduce or resolve further habitual self-inflicted injury before surgical intervention. © 2007 Southern Medical Association.
Radiosurgery for facial schwannoma; Object. The aim of this study was to evaluate the results of radiosurgery in patients with facial schwannoma. Methods. The study population consisted of 14 patients, six men and eight women, with a mean age of 45.4 years. Most of the patients had presented with facial palsy (11 of 14 patients) and/or hearing disturbance (nine of 14 patients). Prior treatment in nine of the 14 cases consisted of tumor resection or tumor biopsy. Tumor volume ranged from 0.98 to 20.8 cm3, and the mean tumor volume was 5.5 cm3. The mean maximum radiation dose and mean tumor margin dose used for radiosurgery were 24.0 and 12.9 Gy, respectively. During the mean follow-up period of 31.4 months (range 12-120 months), 10 of the tumors shrank and four remained unchanged. The tumor response and tumor control rates were 57 and 100%, respectively. None of the tumors progressed, and no subsequent resection was required. Facial nerve function improved in five cases, remained unchanged in eight, and became worse in one. There was no change in hearing function in any of the patients. Complications developed in only one patient: the onset of facial palsy immediately after treatment, which subsequently recovered to House-Brackmann Grade III. Conclusions. In summary, radiosurgery was found to be a very useful method of treating facial schwannoma, for both tumor control and functional control. Radiosurgery should therefore be the treatment of first choice for facial schwannomas.
Germinoma located in the basal ganglia in an 8-year-old girl; Case report: The authors describe a unique case of an 8-year-old girl with a germinoma located in the left basal ganglia. Medical history begins 5 months before with a central diabetes insipidus, loss of weight (5 kg at admission), vomiting and asthenia. Computed tomography (CT) and cranial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are performed and demonstrate a left basal ganglia tumour (nucleus lentiformis). Diabetes insipidus is considered as non-visible germinoma localization on the pituitary stalk rather than as a possible consequence of peri-tumoural oedema surrounding the hypothalamus. Spinal MRI is normal. Neurological as well as general examination is normal. Discussion: The first hypothesis is low-grade glioma, but pathological examination following a stereotactic biopsy of the lesion reveals a cerebral germinoma. A few days before the biopsy, the girl experienced a mild left facial palsy, and CT scans at the time of biopsy reveals an intra-tumoural haemorrhage. Alpha fetoprotein and human chorionic gonadotrophin were negative as blood and cerebrospinal fluid markers, whereas placental alkaline phosphatase was positive on immunohistochemical profile of the tumour samples. Dedicated chemotherapy, followed by focal irradiation (40 Gy, 30 sessions, 45 days; SIOP CNS GCT 93 protocol), is performed with a complete response. The outcome is good (Glasgow Outcome Scale=I), without any cognitive impairment and the persistence of a mild facial palsy and a slight right arm dystonia on last neurological examination. There is still no evidence of tumour recurrence. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Modified procedure for secondary facial rehabilitation following total bilateral irreversible peripheral facial palsy; We present the case of a middle-aged gentleman who developed total bilateral irreversible peripheral facial palsy over a period of 10 years, starting with palsy of the marginal mandibular and buccal branches of the facial nerve and progressing to the zygomatic and temporal branches. The patient did not develop any other neurological symptoms, and all neurological and other tests have remained negative over the last 10 years. Dripping of saliva and inability to close the mouth necessitated reanimation of the perioral region with the help of a fascia lata graft fixed to the fascia of the masseter muscles. The increasing lagophthalmos and associated eye problems were alleviated with a temporal muscle transposition combined with a lengthening procedure using the temporal fascia, passed through the upper and lower eyelids and hooked around the medial canthal ligament. The fascia strips were sutured not to the canthal ligament itself, but to each other, thereby placing equal self-adjusted tension on the upper and lower eyelids. Both operations were successful and improved eating and eye closure functions, allowing resolution of the eye symptoms. Copyright © 2007 Muntaz B. Habal, MD.
A comparison of the incidence of facial palsy following parotidectomy performed by ENT and non-ENT surgeons; Objective: To compare the complication rates of parotidectomy operations on benign histology performed by ENT and non-ENT surgeons. Study design and setting: A seven-year (1994-2000) retrospective case notes review of patients undergoing parotidectomy in a United Kingdom district general hospital was performed. Patients with malignant histology were excluded. Participants: Patients were identified from the hospital computer database. One hundred and fifty-nine patients underwent parotidectomy for both benign and malignant conditions over the seven-year period. One hundred and thirty-seven (86 per cent) patients had parotidectomy for benign conditions and were included in this study. Main outcome measures: The presence or absence of facial palsy and other associated complications following parotidectomy surgery in both groups. Results: The temporary facial palsy rates for ENT and non-ENT surgeons were 56 per cent and 57 per cent, respectively. The permanent facial palsy rates for ENT and non-ENT surgeons were 2 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively. Differences in facial palsy were not statistically significant. The difference in other complication rates such as Frey's syndrome, haematoma, salivary fistula, and neuroma were also not statistically significant. Conclusion: Our complication rates were comparable with published results. There was no significant difference in the observed rate of post-operative facial nerve palsy and other known complications following parotid surgery performed by ENT and non-ENT surgeons. © 2007 JLO (1984) Limited.
Appendix H: Practice Parameter: Therapies for essential tremor: Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology; Background: Essential tremor (ET) is one of the most common tremor disorders in adults and is characterized by kinetic and postural tremor. To develop this practice parameter, the authors reviewed available evidence regarding initiation of pharmacologic and surgical therapies, duration of their effect, their relative benefits and risks, and the strength of evidence supporting their use. Methods: A literature review using MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index, and CINAHL was performed to identify clinical trials in patients with ET published between 1966 and August 2004. Articles were classified according to a four-tiered level of evidence scheme and recommendations were based on the level of evidence. Results and Conclusions: Propranolol and primidone reduce limb tremor (Level A). Alprazolam, atenolol, gabapentin (monotherapy), sotalol, and topiramate are probably effective in reducing limb tremor (Level B). Limited studies suggest that propranolol reduces head tremor (Level B). Clonazepam, clozapine, nadolol, and nimodipine possibly reduce limb tremor (Level C). Botulinum toxin A may reduce hand tremor but is associated with dose-dependent hand weakness (Level C). Botulinurn toxin A may reduce head tremor (Level C) and voice tremor (Level C), but breathiness, hoarseness, and swallowing difficulties may occur in the treatment of voice tremor. Chronic deep brain stimulation (DBS) (Level C) and thalamotomy (Level C) are highly efficacious in reducing tremor. Each procedure carries a small risk of major complications. Some adverse events from DBS may resolve with time or with adjustment of stimulator settings. There is insufficient evidence regarding the surgical treatment of head and voice tremor and the use of gamma knife thalamotomy (Level U). Additional prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials are needed to better determine the efficacy and side effects of pharmacologic and surgical treatments of ET. Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Microvascular reconstruction of the skull base: A clinical approach to surgical defect classification and flap selection; Skull-base tumor resection and reconstruction produce a major physiologic and anatomic impact on the patient. At our institution, the use of vascularized, free-tissue transfer has replaced pedicled flaps as the preferred modality for reconstructing complex cranial base defects involving resection of dura, brain, or multiple major structures adjacent to skull base, including the orbit, palate, mandible, skin, and other structures. The goals of reconstruction are to: (1) support the brain and orbit; (2) separate the CNS from the aerodigestive tract; (3) provide lining for the nasal cavity, (4) re-establish the nasal and oropharyngeal cavities; (5) provide volume to decrease dead space; and (6) restore the three-dimensional appearance of the face and head with bone and soft tissues. Surgical management requires a multi-disciplinary effort with collaborating neurosurgical, head and neck, and plastic surgical teams. Successful reconstruction of skull base defects is predicated upon a careful appreciation of the specific region. Defects may be classified based on their anatomic location and loss of volume, support, and skin cover. Free flaps provide reliable, well-vascularized soft tissue to seal the dura, obliterate dead space, cover exposed cranial bone, and provide cutaneous coverage for skin or mucosa.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome in a 3-month-old infant; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is a disorder characterized by herpetic eruptions on the auricle, facial paralysis, and vestibulocochlear dysfunction, and is attributed to varicella zoster virus infection in the geniculate ganglion. Although it is a common cause of acute peripheral facial paralysis, children are not usually affected. We describe Ramsay Hunt syndrome in a 3-month-old infant who was referred because of a 2-day-old appearance of herpetic blisters on the right auricle and along the distribution of the right facial nerve. His mother had been infected with chickenpox during the second trimester of pregnancy. The infant presented with right facial palsy and was anxious, but had no fever. Otoscopy revealed herpetic eruptions in the right ear canal. Otoacoustic emissions were absent in the right ear and auditory brainstem responses confirmed moderate sensorineural hearing loss. Appropriate treatment resulted in slight improvement after the first week and complete recovery within 4 months. Infection with varicella zoster virus was proved by a significant increase in the serum anti-varicella zoster virus antibody titer during the convalescent phase of the disease. © 2007 The Authors.
Conversion locked-in syndrome after implantation of a spinal cord stimulator; BACKGROUND: The locked-in syndrome is defined as quadriplegia and anarthria (loss of articulate speech) with the preservation of consciousness. It is typically caused by a lesion to the ventral pons. Conversion disorder is the deficit of voluntary motor or sensory function requiring an extensive work-up to exclude any organic cause. METHODS AND RESULTS: After surgery for an implantation of a spinal cord stimulator, a 42-year-old woman presented with quadriplegia and lower facial diplegia, but was able to open and blink her eyes. We found no organic causes to explain her condition after appropriate radiological studies looking for intracranial or intraspinal causes, and reversal drugs were administered with no immediate effect. Over the course of several hours, the patient gradually recovered and was discharged the following day. A psychology consultation was obtained during her stay and she was found to meet the criteria for a conversion disorder to explain her condition. CONCLUSIONS: Before considering a psychological cause, all organic factors should be excluded with proper tests and consultations, as conversion disorder is a diagnosis of exclusion. We report a patient who, after implantation of a spinal cord stimulator, manifested locked-in syndrome resulting from a conversion disorder. © 2007 by International Anesthesia Research Society.
The rehabilitation of the tongue in hypoglossal-facial anastomosis; End to end hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis (tt HFA) is a traditional technique for rehabilitation of facial palsy. The sacrifice of the hypoglossal nerve generates a paralysis and an atrophy of the tongue which is thought to lead to speech, chewing and swallowing disorders. In a previous study, we demonstrated that tt HFA does not lead to speech disorders (Gatignol et al 2003). Objectives: In this work, we were interested in the functional consequences of the lingual atrophy and in the possibilities of rehabilitation with early therapy. Material and methods: Nine patients were distributed in two groups, in one patients received a specific and early lingual rehabilitation in the other no specific treatment. These two groups (paired with control subjects) were subjected to a series of tests studying the motor function, the articulation (using palatograms). Results: This study highlights the interest of early rehabilitation of the tongue in the first post-operative days. Early rehabilitation was associated with a reduction in lingual atrophy, an improvement in motility of the tongue thus generating a better management of saliva and stagnant food in the oral vestibule on the paralysed side.
Primary malignant rhabdoid tumors of the central nervous system: Clinicoradiological study of three cases and their outcome; Malignant rhabdoid tumors of the brain are extremely malignant, highly aggressive neoplasms found in infants and young children. These are rare and not associated with renal neoplasm as believed earlier. We report three cases of malignant rhabdoid tumors with reference to their clinicoradiological aspect and fatal outcome despite a multimodality approach of management (aggressive surgical resection and chemoradiotherapy). The first case was a two and one half-year-old girl who presented with seizures, raised intracranial pressure and right hemiparesis. Contrast magnetic resonance imaging showed a huge heterointense tumor of the left hemisphere, which was a soft, suckable, and very vascular, infiltrative mass with areas of necrosis. Postoperatively, the girl had a difficult course with multiple metastases detected on the 45th day and death on the 52nd day post diagnosis. The second patient was admitted with large and infiltrative posterior fossa mass that required ventilatory support in postoperative period for 3 weeks until his death. The third patient was operated for a large, vascular and friable mass of the temporal lobe, which recurred in 5 weeks. He was offered chemoradiotherapy but the length of his life was only 8 months. © 2007 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Cranial Nerve Palsies in Renal Osteodystrophy; There is a wide differential diagnosis for patients presenting with multiple cranial nerve palsies, including infectious, inflammatory, malignant, genetic, toxic, and metabolic conditions. This report describes the clinical features, neuroimaging findings, and response to surgical treatment in a patient with bilateral deafness and recurrent episodes of bilateral facial nerve palsy that were caused by renal osteodystrophy. It is suggested that renal osteodystrophy be considered in the differential diagnosis of multiple cranial nerve palsies in the appropriate clinical setting. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cheilitis granulomatosa associated with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) consists of persistent or recurrent orofacial edema, relapsing facial palsy and fissured tongue. The complete triad of symptoms is uncommon, varying from 8 to 25%. The presentation of only one symptom is more common. The most frequent complaint is facial edema and enlargement of the lips. We describe a case of a 17-year-old Brazilian girl with limited edema of the lower lip and fissured tongue due to MRS. Her complaints had started two years before. She referred previous clinical treatments without success. We proposed intralesional injection of triamcinolone at 20 mg every 15 days associated with oral clofazimine at 50 mg/day for three months. The lip became normal after four triamcinolone injections. Recent studies have considered MRS a granulomatous disease, and possibly the initial presentation of Crohn's disease in orofacial area of some patients. MRS patients, therefore, should be screened and monitored for gastrointestinal symptoms. Corticosteroid treatment seems to be effective in reducing lip enlargement. We discus the clinical features of this disease, the treatment, and the importance of corticosteroid therapy in cases of MRS-related facial palsy. 1933 / 2007 © - Associação Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia e Cirurgia Cérvico Facial. All rights reserved.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Clinical and pathological findings and treatment modalities: Case report; A triad of facial paralysis, facial edema and furrowed tongue characterizes Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS). The condition appears to be a granulomatous disorder causing edema and inflammation of the tissues of the face, lips, oral cavity and the facial nerve. There is general agreement that the symptoms and signs resolve spontaneously or with medical therapy. However, in some patients the condition may be progressive and may require surgical decompression. Due to its rarity, the syndrome is usually ignored and misdiagnosed. This paper describes a 44-year-old female patient with MRS characterized with recurrent facial paralysis, and the diagnostic and therapeutic procedures are discussed. Copyright © 2007 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Facial nerve palsy due to cavernous angioma of the petrous bone. Case report; The facial nerve palsy due to extrinsic tumoral compression of the facial nerve at the geniculate ganglium is very rare. We present the case of a patient with a temporal bone cavernoma and symptoms of a torpid peripheral facial House-Brackmann grade IV nerve palsy with dry eye and loss of stapedial reflex. The routine computed tomographic and magnetic resonance imaging studies showed no abnormalities, but the same imaging techniques done after the clinical suspiction identified a less that 1cm lesion that was compatible with an osseous cavernous angioma. The lesion was approached and removed through a microsurgical middle fossa extradural approach with a good postoperative recovery (House-Brackmann grade II).
Neurologic manifestations of ulcerative colitis; Ulcerative colitis (UC) has traditionally been considered to be an inflammatory disease limited to the colonic mucosa. However, since it has been shown that UC is frequently accompanied by various extraintestinal disorders, there is increasing evidence that UC may also manifest in the nervous system. The following review focuses particularly on these possible manifestations of UC, both in the peripheral (PNS), and in the central nervous system (CNS). A systematic literature search according to the MEDLINE database was performed for this purpose. Although a reliable differentiation may clinically not always be possible, three major pathogenic entities can be differentiated: (i) cerebrovascular disease as a consequence of thrombosis and thromboembolism; (ii) systemic and cerebral vasculitis; (iii) probably immune mediated neuropathy and cerebral demyelination. With the exception of thromboembolism and sensorineural hearing loss, evidence for a causal relationship relies merely on single case reports or retrospective case series. Considering the CNS-manifestations, similarities between UC-associated disorders of the white matter and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) are obvious. Epileptic seizures, unspecified encephalopathies and confusional states are most likely epiphenomena that have to be regarded symptomatic rather than as own entities. A prospective study on the neurologic aspects of UC would be very welcome. © 2007 EFNS.
Angiotensin II receptor blockers in pregnancy: A case report and systematic review of the literature; Objective: To describe the case of a woman exposed to angiotensin-II receptor blockers (ARBs) in the preconceptional period and to systematically review the literature on the safety of these drugs when used by pregnant women. Methods: The case was identified at the Korean Motherisk Program (Seoul). For the systematic review, we searched the PubMed for case reports, case series, and post-marketing surveys. Results: A hypertensive woman was exposed to irbesartan prior to conception. The embryo had delayed development of upper and lower extremities and decreased digital groove. A karyotype identified a 45,XO Turner syndrome. The patient had a spontaneous abortion. Including the case reported here, 64 published cases were identified in total; 57.8% had favorable and 42.2% had unfavorable outcomes. Duration of treatment during pregnancy among women who had adverse fetal outcomes was 26.3 ± 10.5 weeks (mean ± SD), compared with 17.3 ± 11.6 weeks in those who had favorable outcomes (p = 0.04). Conclusions: Exposure to ARBs for a period longer than the first trimester of pregnancy appears to be associated with a high risk for adverse fetal outcomes. Copyright © Informa Healthcare.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma of the temporal bone; The most common soft-tissue sarcoma in infants and children is rhabdomyosarcoma. The head and neck is the most common site of involvement; temporal bone involvement has been seen in about 7% of reported cases. Multimodality therapy - surgery, multiagent chemotherapy, and radiotherapy - yields sufficiently good results. The author reports a case of embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma of the temporal bone with cranial nerve palsies and extension into the parapharyngeal space in a 4-year-old boy. Despite surgery and chemotherapy, the patient died of his disease within 3 months of presentation.
Endolymphatic sac tumor: A report of 3 cases and discussion of management; Patients with an endolymphatic sac tumor (ELST) typically present with palsy of cranial nerves VII and/or VIII; other presenting symptoms include hearing loss, otalgia, occipital headaches, cranial nerve palsies, vertigo, gait ataxia, tinnitus, and otorrhea. ELSTs are extremely vascular, and they can invade and destroy temporal bone. Because of these characteristics, they are often mistaken for glomus tumors of the skull base. We describe the clinical presentation, evaluation, and management of ELSTs based on our review of the limited literature and our experience with 3 adults who presented to our tertiary care referral center with large ELSTs. Although these patients presented late in the course of their disease, their symptoms were relatively minor. Preoperative tumor embolization was performed, and a near-complete resection was achievedvia an extended transotic approach in all 3 patients. The facial nerve was preserved without transposition in the first patient, the second patient underwent a primary nerve anastomosis, and the third required a cable graft of the facial nerve. Postoperative radiation therapy was administered to 2 of these patients. Follow-up by MRI detected no evidence of recurrence in any of the 3 patients.
Ocular manifestations of Burkitt's lymphoma: Experience in Ile-Ife South Western Nigeria; Background: Burkitt's lymphoma is the most common childhood tumour in subSaharan Africa that typically affects the jaws and abdomen. Ocular involvement with blindness has been documented in some studies. Objective: This was to evaluate the role of Burkitt's lymphoma (BL) as a cause of blindness in Nigerian children. Methods: Cases of BL seen in the hospital between 1986 and 2003 were studied retrospectively. Some of the patients with orbital disease at presentation underwent ultrasonographic examination of the eyes. Results: Forty-three (16.5%) of the 260 patients seen presented with orbital tumours; 29 (67.4 %) of the 43 patients had full ophthalmic examination. The patients studied comprised 22 males and 7 females with a M: F ratio of 3:1, and median(age range) of 7(3-15) years. Orbital tumours occurred concurrently with jaw masses on the same side in 19(65.5%) of 29 patients; the eye diseases were unilateral in 23 (79.3%) and bilateral in six (20.7%) of the cases. Proptosis was the ocular presentation in 27(93%) of patients and it was associated with conjunctival injection in nine, chemosis in 11 and exposure keratopathy in five. Fourteen (48.3 %) patients had associated blindness; 12 (85.7%) remained blind in the affected eye(s) and one regained vision to 6/36 after chemotherapy. The patients underwent Cyclophosphamide-Oncovin-Methotrexate (COM) regimen with intrathecal therapy. Eight (27.6%) patients had concomitant CNS disease; these included cases of 6th and 7th nerve palsies, one case of intra-cerebral extension of tumour and another case of total ophthalmoplegia. Conclusion: Burkitt's lymphoma is an important cause of childhood blindness in Nigeria and the orbital disease is mainly extra ocular.
Childhood chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy secondary to reactivation of Epstein-Barr virus; A case of childhood chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) due to Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) infection is reported. A 15-year-old male presented with CIDP, which initially mimicked Guillain-Barré syndrome. He subsequently developed major relapses at four and five months after initial presentation. He recovered six weeks after the last relapse. Serological studies showed positive Epstein-Barr nuclear antigen IgG and negative EBV viral capsid antigen IgM. However, EBV deoxyribonucleic acid was detected by polymerase chain reaction from cerebrospinal fluid, measuring up to 1000 copies/mL. His CIDP, which ran a relapsing course, could be explained by reactivation of latent EBV, triggered by other viral illness. Given patient's full recovery, the mechanism of injury is likely due to EBV-associated immune-mediated process, rather than from a direct viral infiltration of the peripheral nerve. This is the first report of a CIDP with documented EBV infection in cerebrospinal fluid. © 2007 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
The spectrum and types of adverse side effects to biological immune modulators: A proposal for new classification; In recent years, a growing number of biological agents such as cytokines, monoclonal antibodies and fusion proteins have become available for the treatment of various autoimmune, neoplastic, cardiovascular, infectious, allergic, and other conditions. Their introduction has resulted in marked clinical improvements for many patients. Nevertheless, a variety of adverse side effects have been observed with these agents. Based on the special features of biological agents a new classification of these side effects of biological agents is proposed - related but clearly distinct from the classification of side effects observed with chemicals and drugs. This classification differentiates five distinct types, namely clinical reactions due to high cytokine levels (type α), hypersensitivity due to an immune reaction against the biological agents (type β), immune or cytokine imbalance syndromes (type γ), symptoms due to cross-reactivity (type δ), and symptoms not directly affecting the immune system (type ε). This classification could help to better deal with the clinical features of these side effects, to identify possible individual and general risk factors and to direct research in this novel area of medicine.
Paresis peripherica nervi facialis in children; The paper deals with various etiologies, clinical symptoms and the differential diagnosis of paresis nervi facialis peripherica, particularly of the central type. In connection with the above, the clinical syptoms justifying the diagnosis of Ramsey-Hunt syndrome, Mobius syndrome and the familial-hereditary Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome are presented. The diagnosic work-up aimed at establishing the causes and appropriate methods of treatment of the condition are also discused. © 2007 by Polskie Towarzystwo Pediatryczne.
Facial motor cortex plasticity in patients with unilateral peripheral facial paralysis; Hand motor representation area expands towards the area of the perioral facial motor cortex in patients with peripheral facial paralysis (PFP) and in hemifacial spasm cases treated with botulinum toxin. In this current study, we aimed to investigate the changes both in the ipsilateral and contralateral facial motor cortex areas in patients with PFP with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Thirty healthy individuals and 41 patients with unilateral PFP with partial or total axonal degeneration participated in this study. Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) of perioral muscles elicited by TMS of the intracranial portion of the facial nerve and motor cortex, were recorded. TMS was delivered through a figure-of-eight coil. Mapping of the cortical representation of perioral muscles were also studied in 13 of 41 patients and in 10 of control subjects. Mean amplitude of the intact perioral MEPs elicited by the ipsilateral hemisphere TMS, was significantly higher in patients than the control subjects. There was also a mild enlargement of the mean cortical representation area of intact perioral muscles on both hemispheres though it was not significant. We have concluded that there was a cortical reorganization in the hemisphere contralateral to the paralytic side resulting in an increase at corticofugal output related to intact perioral muscles. © 2007 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance images and blood perfusion of hemiconvulsion-hemiplegia-epilepsy syndrome; Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance images and brain blood perfusion scintigraphy are useful tools in identifying the cause of cerebral lesions. We report serial simultaneous diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance images and brain blood perfusion scintigraphy of hemiconvulsion-hemiplegia-epilepsy syndrome. In this case, the involved hemisphere revealed high intensity on diffusion-weighted images and slight hyperperfusion on brain blood perfusion scintigraphy 7 days after the seizure. Accordingly, neurotoxic, rather than ischemic, cellular edema might be the cause of hemiconvulsion-hemiplegia-epilepsy syndrome in the acute phase. © 2007 IOS Press. All rights reserved.
Postkeratoplasty emergency visits - A review of 100 consecutive visits; Purpose: Preoperative counselling for penetrating keratoplasty should include awareness of symptoms and signs of possible complications as early presentation can enhance long-term success. In our corneal transplantation service, all patients are routinely instructed to arrange a same day emergency visit through a dedicated telephone line if they experience any symptoms in eyes that have undergone keratoplasty. This study was designed to evaluate the reason for presentation, management outcome of each visit and the efficiency of the system in management of postkeratoplasty complications. Methods: A review of 100 consecutive emergency visits by postpenetrating keratoplasty (PKP) patients in a tertiary eye care centre was included. Results: Sixty-two patients with varied preoperative diagnoses presented during the review period. Sixteen visits were within the first month after surgery and 40 visits within the first year. Ten patients (16%) sought consultation more than twice during the study period with one patient presenting five times. Pain and grittiness were the main presenting symptoms (68%). Loose corneal suture (25%) necessitating removal was the most common diagnosis. Sixteen visits resulted in hospital admission for treatment. The graft survived in all patients and the visual acuity was preserved in 95% of our patients. Conclusion: Most corneal surgeons educate their patients to seek prompt treatment for symptoms such as redness, sensitivity to light, loss of vision, pain, or any other symptoms in eyes that have undergone keratoplasty. Early intervention of sight threatening complications increases the chance of graft survival and best-obtained vision. This review shows a simple open access system facilitates early presentation and successful management of postgraft complications.
The benefit of neuronavigation for the treatment of patients with intracerebral cavernous malformations; The objective of this study was to retrospectively investigate the surgical indications, operation methods, and postoperative results of patients with cavernous malformations (CMs) and the use of neuronavigation. Seventy patients with CMs were operated on in our hospital. The initial symptoms were hemorrhage in 31 cases, seizures in 29 cases, focal neurological deficit in 4 cases, and headache in 5 cases. Only one asymptomatic case was incidentally identified by radiological examination. The size of CMs ranged from 5 to 50 mm (mean: 21 mm). The CMs in 39 patients were located within the white matter of the hemispheres, 11 within the basal ganglia or thalamus, 5 within the cerebellum, and 6 in multiple locations. Prior to the operation, five fiducial markers were placed on the scalp and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was performed. Data were transferred to the neuronavigation workstation, a profile of tumors was drawn up, and a three-dimensional reconstruction was completed. The foci were separated and resected under a microscope through a sulci and fissures approach. All the lesions were resected totally. No residual foci were found by postoperative computed tomography (CT)/MRI examination, and there was no operative death. The disability rate was 8.6%; four patients had a new transitory neurological deficit within 1 month after the operation, and one patient with thalamic CMs developed facial paralysis. All patients, however, recovered in 6 months. Twenty-four patients with preoperative epilepsy were followed up for 6-24 months (mean: 19.4 months). After the operation, seizures disappeared in 19 patients and symptoms improved in 5. CMs can be determined in patients even if patients are asymptomatic. Surgical treatment should be considered if bleeding occurs. An operation with the guidance of neuronavigation is safe and can decrease the occurrence of disability following the procedure. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Bell's palsy in children: Is there any role of steroid or acyclovir?; We describe a case of a seven-year-old child with Bell's palsy who made a full recovery without the use of steroid or acyclovir. This is followed by a review of the literature to see whether or not there is any role of steroid or acyclovir in childhood Bell's palsy.
Clinical assessment of patients with primary and postparalytic hemifacial spasm: A retrospective study; Objective: To compared the clinical features of 373 patients with primary and postparalytic hemifacial spasm (HFS). Method: Data analyzed were gender, ethnicity, age at symptom onset, disease duration, affected side, distribution of facial spasm at onset, hypertension, family history of HFS, previous history of facial palsy and latency between facial palsy and HFS. Results: The prevalence of patients with Asian origin was similar in both groups such as female/male ratio, mean age at symptom onset, disease duration, affected side and distribution at onset of facial twitching. The upper left side of the face was the main affected region at onset. Almost 40% of the patients in both groups had hypertension. A prevalence of vascular abnormalities on the posterior fossa was seen in 7% and 12.5% of both groups. Conclusion: The clinical profile and radiological findings of patients with primary and postparalytic HFS are similar. The association of hypertension with vascular abnormalities and HFS was not frequent.
Tc-99m MIBI spect and CT findings in sturge-weber syndrome with clinical deterioration: A case report; Introduction: The SWS, also called encephalotrigeminal angiomatosis, is an extremely rare neurocutaneous disorder. The most frequent neurological manifestations include intractable seizures, focal deficits, headaches, and developmental disorders. Although the angioma progression is very rare, it may cause alteration of seizures type, frequency and extension. Case presentation: We report a 25-year young male admitted to the hospital with increased frequency of focal seizures during the last six months. A large port-wine stain presented on the right forehead and upper eyelid of his face. On neurological examination he had mild left-sided facial palsy and hemiparesis. EEG found a focus of epileptic activity in the left temporal region. CT scans showed extended bilateral hyperdense lesions in the temporal and occipital regions. Tc-99m MIBI brain SPECT demonstrated lack of radioisotope uptake. Medical history revealed onset of generalized seizures at the age of six months. Primary CT scans and clinical findings were interpreted as cerebral angiomas with symptomatic epilepsy. After standard antiepileptic treatment a temporary seizures control was achieved. Conclusion: We suggest that Tc-99m MIBI SPECT and CT neuroimaging may be useful for the detection and differential diagnosis of brain lesions in SWS presenting with clinical deterioration.
Synthetical treatment for facial paralysis using static and dynamic techniques; OBJECTIVE: To investigate a synthetical technique combining static and dynamic states for treating facial paralysis. METHODS: From October 1993 to November 2005, 93 patients (26 males, 67 females; aged 9-69 years; illness course, 6 months to 24 years) with facial paralysis were admitted for treatment, of whom 48 were unknown in their pathological origins, 32 had a history of intracranial or ear operation, 13 had their facial paralysis related to trauma. We applied synthetical techniques for treating facial paralysis, including denerved muscle (extensor hallucis brevis and extensor digitorum brevis) free graft using an operating or chemical technique, temporal muscular flap suspending, treatment of eye closure by uplifting zygomo-malar tissues and temporal muscular flap suspending, brow lifting by the Buried Guiding Suture Appliance, Botox injection, and the nerve amputation of normal side for mandibular marginal ramus paralysis. RESULTS: After the treatment for 82 patients with the method of the denerved muscle free graft combining femoral muscular flap suspending, 3 patients with the method of uplifting zygomo-malar tissues combining temporal muscular flap suspending for eye closure, 15 patients with the method of the Buried Guiding Suture for eyebrow lifting, 4 patients with the Botox injection and nerve amputation of normal side for the mandibular marginal ramus paralysis, 93 patients had a good therapeutic result. The follow-up for 3 months to 10 years in all the patients revealed that 75 patients were satisfied with their treatment results and 13 patients were almost satisfied according to the criteria for the facial symmetrical checking and the House-Brackmann grading system. The technique had advantages of a complete survival of the related small muscles, a hidden incision, less trauma for the Botox injection, and the denerved muscles for surrounding nerve inserting. CONCLUSION: The synthetical technique combining static and dynamic states for treating facial paralysis is a good therapeutic method and the therapies for facial paralysis should vary with the different conditions of the paralysis. We advocate an individuation treatment for facial paralysis.
Complications of Chronic Otitis Media and Cholesteatoma; The incidence of extracranial and intracranial complications of COM and cholesteatoma has decreased since the proliferation of antibiotics early in the twentieth century. However, these complications continue to occur, and can be lethal if they are not identified and treated properly. Therapy for the complications associated with COM, unlike those of AOM, usually includes surgical intervention, in addition to medical therapy. As medical (antibiotic) therapy continues to improve, and new imaging techniques are introduced, less invasive treatment modalities may be shown to be as effective as the classic, time-tested, surgical options. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
An extremely unusual presentation of varicella zoster viral infection of cranial nerves mimicking Garcin syndrome; We report a patient with the varicella zoster viral (VZV) infection of multiple cranial nerves mimicking Garcin syndrome, who initially presented with Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus). A 78-year-old man showed left facial palsy with zosteric eruptions in his left auricle and dysphagia, followed by left total ophthalmoplegia. His serum anti-VZV antibody titer was elevated. Cerebrospinal fluid examination revealed pleocytosis with a slightly elevated protein level. He was treated with intravenous acyclovir and corticosteroids. His tongue weakness resolved, and then ocular movement improved. The improvement of facial palsy and swallowing difficulty was delayed. VZV infection should be considered even in patients who show unilateral multiple cranial neuropathy mimicking Garcin syndrome because it is treatable. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Simultaneous bilateral facial palsy as a result of isolated mandibular fractures; Post-traumatic bilateral facial nerve palsy is usually associated with fracture of the temporal bones in patients who have sustained a significant head injury. Facial nerve injury can also very rarely occur because of isolated mandibular fractures, without associated temporal bone fractures. Here is reported a case of bilateral facial nerve palsy in a patient with mandibular symphysis and bilateral condylar fractures of the mandible without evidence of temporal bone fracture or significant head injury. © 2006 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Head and neck hemangiomas of infancy; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Hemangiomas are the most common benign tumor in infancy, affecting approximately 10% of infants. More than half of hemangiomas involve the head and neck. Increased understanding of hemangiomas has come about from identification of immunohistochemical markers, developmental defects associated with certain hemangiomas, and morphologic and classification schemes (focal versus segmental). RECENT FINDINGS: Immunohistochemical markers have been identified which are specific to hemangiomas in all phases of development and involution. Morphologic subtypes and anatomic locations have been identified that place an infant at higher risk for complications from the hemangioma. Hemangiomas associated with other developmental anomalies have been identified, which help guide the treating physician to tease out which infants will need more complete systemic investigations or imaging. Importantly for surgeons, studies have continued to identify which lesions may benefit from early intervention, either surgical or medical. SUMMARY: While full understanding of the mechanisms that turn on and turn off hemangiomas of infancy is not complete, progress has been made in identification of markers, subtypes at increased risk for complications, and in treatment. With continued work in these areas, we have increased knowledge of treatment options, optimal timing of surgical intervention, and ultimately, preventive options. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Cerebellopontine angle lipoma with extracranial extension; Lipomas of the cerebellopontine angle (CPA) are rare. A recent literature review identified only 98 reported cases of CPA lipoma. We present here a case of CPA lipoma in a 28-year-old woman who was admitted to our hospital with hearing loss in her left ear. Computed tomography scan and magnetic resonance imaging revealed a CPA mass lesion with extracranial extension around the left internal carotiol artery. The patient was operated on in the sitting position via a right suboccipital craniectomy. The intracranial part of the mass was partially removed. Histopathological examination resulted in a diagnosis of lipoma. Surgical treatment of CPA lipomas is rarely indicated, and the aim of surgery must be decompression of neural structures. © 2006.
Bilateral "crocodile tears syndrome" associated with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome - Case report; We present a rare case of bilateral crocodile tears syndrome (CTS) in the course of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is characterised by a triad of recurrent orofacial swelling, relapsing facial paralysis, and fissured tongue. The classic triad is infrequent and oligosymptomatic variants are seen more frequently. CTS is a rare complication of facial nerve paralysis characterised by inappropriate lacrimation on the side of the palsy in response to salivary stimuli. It results from aberrant reinnervation of the lacrimal gland by salivary parasympathetic fibres. The therapeutic approach for an acute bout of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome consists mainly of steroid administration. CTS management is composed of anticholinergic drugs and surgical procedures. Botulin toxin injection into the lacrimal gland is the most modern therapeutic option. In the case presented CTS developed in a 50-year-old man after 5 incidents of facial palsy due to Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The case deserves attention due to the rarity of the observed symptoms and signs.
Infliximab in Ulcerative Colitis; Infliximab is effective for treatment of moderate-to-severe UC and is recommended for patients who have had an inadequate response to medical therapy or who are intolerant of or do not desire to take the potential risk of using specific agents including immunomodulators (cyclosporine A, azathioprine, or 6-mercaptopurine), corticosteroids, and, potentially, mesalamine. Future trials are needed to assess the efficacy of infliximab with immunomodulators to see if additional benefit is achieved so that the risk-benefit ratio is positive. Based on the favorable efficacy of infliximab for UC therapy, the ground work has been established for evaluating infliximab and addressing some of the many unanswered questions and also for assessing other anti-TNF agents and streamlining the anti-TNF antibody to improve efficacy, reduce side effects, and ease administration. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Infliximab Use in Luminal Crohn's Disease; Infliximab has been available in the United States and Europe for more than 6 years, and its use has revolutionized the care of patients who have CD. It is used effectively for both the induction and maintenance of remission in patients who have CD and is efficacious in patients who have steroid-dependent/refractory CD and those who have fistulizing CD. Clinical trials and practice have shown infliximab to be safe, effective, and generally well tolerated. The ACCENT I and ACCENT II trials defined the best dosing and schedule regimens for its administration [32,35]. With up to 30% of patients not responding to infliximab therapy, much attention has been devoted to identifying risk factors that could allow optimization of response rates. Parsi and colleagues [73] and Arnott and colleagues [74] demonstrated that nonsmoking and the concurrent use of immunomodulators are predictors of response to infliximab. Research has also focused on identifying biologic and immunologic markers that may correlate with response to infliximab [75]. To date, NOD2/CARD15, anti-Saccharomyces cerevisiae antibody (ASCA), and antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA) have not been shown to be predictive of outcome with infliximab treatment for CD [76,77]. Gene polymorphisms also are being studied with the hope that knowing the patient's genotype may help predict the course or severity of the disease, including the presence of extraintestinal manifestations, response to treatments, and susceptibility to toxicities [78]. No single variable, however, has been consistently demonstrated to be a predictor of response to infliximab. The formation of ATIs in a small number of patients creates a clinical dilemma. ATIs have been associated with an attenuated response or loss of response to the medication over time and the development of both acute and delayed infusion reactions that occasionally are severe enough to lead to discontinuation of the medication. In such patients physicians are often left to ponder what therapy to try next. Adalimumab, a fully human monoclonal antibody used for treating rheumatologic conditions, has been investigated as an alternate treatment for patients who have CD who, after initially responding to infliximab, experience intolerance or loss of efficacy. Two studies have examined the use of adalimumab in patients who have active CD who had lost response to or developed intolerance to infliximab [79,80]. In both these studies adalimumab was well tolerated and seemed to be a clinically beneficial option for such patients. Confirmation of these findings with ongoing randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials is needed, however. The limits of conventional treatments for CD can be seen as a positive evolutionary force favoring the development and use of advanced therapies. The acceptance of antimetabolites began with data published a quarter-century ago and became robust in the past 5 to 10 years. Biologic therapy has become the standard of care at a far faster rate. The success seen with infliximab has broadened the acceptance of biologic therapy among professional peers, patients, and pharmaceutical developers. The lessons learned in the years since infliximab's arrival show the importance of long-term data in revealing important toxicities and best practices for maintenance. Tempered by this experience, the short cycle from concept to drug production possible with biologic therapies should bring even more advanced treatments to patients quickly while investigators work to find a cure. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome with vesicular stomatitis in a 4-year-old infant; Ramsay-Hunt syndrome (RHS) usually affects adults, but rare cases of preschool children with RHS have been reported. We report a case of RHS in a healthy 4-year-old girl. At the age of 4 years and 5 months, she complained of pain in her mouth and herpes zoster vesicles were noted on the left soft palate and tongue without left pinna, and complete left facial paralysis subsequently developed. She was treated with acyclovir and steroids. Six months later, her facial paralysis had almost fully resolved. © 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Primary malignant melanoma of the cerebellopontine angle: A diagnostic dilemma: Case report; OBJECTIVE: To present a rare case of a primary malignant melanoma of the central nervous system presenting as a cerebellopontine angle (CPA) tumor and to delineate aspects of the clinical presentation and magnetic resonance imaging scan characteristics that may suggest this unusual condition. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: The clinical presentation consisted of a short duration of right-sided sensorineural hearing loss, facial weakness, and ataxia in a previously healthy man. Brain magnetic resonance imaging scans showed a right-sided CPA tumor exhibiting shortening of T1 and T2 relaxation times, but overall neuroradiological features were not consistent with any commonly occurring CPA tumors. INTERVENTION: Gross total excision of the lesion was accomplished via a right suboccipital craniectomy. Histological examination revealed a malignant melanoma. A detailed search excluded extracranial primary melanoma. CONCLUSION: Correlation of clinical and imaging findings offer the most important clues in the diagnosis of such unusual primary malignant tumors of the CPA. A history of rapid onset of audiovestibular symptoms, presence of facial palsy, and shortening of T1 and T2 relaxation times on magnetic resonance imaging scans should arouse the clinician's suspicions. Copyright © by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Coexistence of ramsay hunt syndrome and varicella-zoster virus encephalitis; We describe a patient with Ramsay Hunt syndrome and varicella-zoster virus encephalitis. The coexistence of these conditions is rare and to our knowledge has not been clearly documented in the English-language literature. We summarize the clinical characteristics of our patient and seven similar patients described in previous reports, including those published in Japanese. Although concomitant diseases such as diabetes and chronic renal failure may lead to an aggressive course, all patients described in detail have had good outcomes. © Urban & Vogel.
Bogorad syndrome or crocodile tears after Ramsay-Hunt; Crocodile tears or Bogorad Syndrome describes a complication or sequel after facial palsy with incomplete recovery characterized by an excessive hyperlacrimation during the food ingestion. We report the case of a 50 years old female with that pathology associated to facial syncinesias secondary to suffer a right Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. Its pathogenesis and different treatment modalities are analysed.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome associated to unilateral recurrential paralysis; Varicella herpes zoster (VZV) virus reactivaction can produce multiple neuropathies of the cranial and cervical region being the peripheral facial paralysys the most common one. We report one case of Ramsay-Hunt syndrome with eruption of vesicles on left auricular pinna and face besides facial palsy which associated to ipsilateral laryngeal or recurrential paralysis nonexisting previously. Our patient was treated by oral aciclovir (800 mg, 5 times daily) for 1 week. 3 months later she returned to Emergencies due to another cause and the ENT exploration showed a recovery in the mobility of the left cord but it persisted the affectation of VII pair, specially the inferior branch or cervicofacial. It is advised that the larynx should be examined in all cases of herpes zoster that involve the head and neck.
Scrub typhus-associated acute disseminated encephalomyelitis; Background: Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) is a monophasic demyelinating disease of the central nervous system, typically occurring after infections or vaccinations. To our knowledge, scrub typhus has not been described in association with ADEM. Case report: A 77-year-old man was admitted with fever, convulsions and an altered level of consciousness. On neurological examination, the patient was stuporous and had nuchal rigidity and left hemiparesis. A generalized tonic-clonic seizure was observed. Serum and cerebrospinal fluid samples were positive for anti-Orientia tsutsugamushi antibody. Despite a 10-day course of parenteral minocycline, his clinical condition deteriorated. Serial cranial magnetic resonance images demonstrated progressively extensive areas of signal hyperintensity on conventional T2-weighted and fluid attenuated inversion recovery sequence images, mainly affecting the periventricular white matter. After administration of intravenous high-dose corticosteroids, the patient had limited improvement. Conclusions: This is the first identifiable case of ADEM temporally associated with scrub typhus alone.
Herpes zoster oticus; Herpes zoster oticus is a quite common herpetic syndrome of head and neck, that manifests with herpetic exantema of the ear, facial paralysis and cochleovestibular signs. It is caused by reactivation of dormant viral form in sensory and sensitive ganglia of head nerves. Dysfunction of motory part of facial nerve is caused by secondary demyelinisation. 58-years old woman suffering from right-sided hypacusis and otalgia, facial hypestesia and parestesia on the right side and right facial paresis has been admitted to ENT clinic of University Hospital of Ostrava-Poruba. Using the complete neurootological assessment the authors have revealed periferal suprastapedial lesion of the right facial nerve, right unresponsivness to caloric testing with left-beating spontaneus nystagmus and right sensorineural hearing loss with cochlear and retrocochlear involement. Serological analysis was positive. Acyclovir and prednison in sufficient dose has been introduced immediately, rehabilitation has started, patient has been followed-up. Repeated neurootological and otorinolaryngological assesement showed improvement of all signs of this syndrome. In the presented case-report the authors demonstrate early diagnosed and properly treated case of herpes zoster oticus. They put emphasis on early otorhinolaryngological, serological and repeted neurootological assesement, quick start of therapy and multi-professional cooperation in treatement of possibles complicationes of this neuroinfection.
Neuroradiology and headaches; Headache is one of the most common outpatient pain conditions encountered in both physician offices and emergency departments. Establishment of an accurate diagnosis, accomplished only by athorough history followed by a physical examination, is critical before treatment can be initiated. Many patients undergo evaluation with computed tomography and more recently magnetic resonance imaging to exclude important abnormalities. It is known that a little percentage of patients showed significant neuroradiologiacal abnormalities and the rate of significant intracranial abnormalities inpatients with headache and normal neurological examination exists. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2006.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. A review of five patients; The goal of this work is to report five cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrom with a literature review. It is a rare entity and is characterized in its complete presentation, by the association of reccurent orofacial swelling, peripheral facial palsy and plicated tongue. Incomplete forms are more frequent and more difficult to establish its diagnosis. This latter is based on major and minor clinical and histological critieria sorted in three levels. There is four forms of MRS. The pathogenesis of this syndrome is still unknown; treatment remains random. It is based on topical or systemic steroids with or without cheiloplastic procedure. We must think of MRS in presence of any recurrent peripheral facial palsy and/or chronic facial swelling.
Obliteration of the tympanomastoid cavity: Long term results of the Rambo operation; Introduction: Radical mastoidectomy and tympanomastoid obliteration with fat tissue, also called the Rambo operation, is proposed to those patients suffering chronic middle-ear disease, with or without cholesteatoma, who have no useful hearing in an ear which cannot be kept dry despite all conservative treatment. Methods: We analysed retrospectively a series of 46 patients operated upon in our department. Information recorded included the surgical indications, surgical observations, post-operative care and complications. All patients were invited to comment on their long term anatomical and functional results and to express their degree of satisfaction with the procedure. Results: Recurrent infectious episodes were observed in seven cases. Residual cholesteatoma were observed in three cases. After treatment, these patients did not present with further complications. One case presented with multiple episodes of infection with recurrences of cholesteatoma and finally had the obliterated cavity transformed into an open cavity again. For most of the patients, in the long term (i.e. one to 23 years post-operatively (mean eight years)), the operation resulted in a dry ear, ending the need for frequent consultations to clean and disinfect diseased ears or open cavities. Conclusion: Obliteration of the tympanomastoid cavity, as proposed by Tom Rambo, shortens considerably the post-operative care period, in comparison with canal wall down mastoidectomy, and is therefore indicated if no serviceable hearing can be expected. In the long term, the rate of complications is low and patients are satisfied. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Upper eyelid gold weight implants in patients with facial nerve palsy: Surgical technique; Facial nerve Injuries produce lagophthalmos and consequent ocular disease caused by corneal exposure. The management of the affected eye in patients with facial palsy has been improved. Previously ointment, eye drops, taping, partial or complete tarsorrhaphy was the primary treatment of the inability to close the eyelid. Other mechanical techniques for reanimating lid closure, including palpebral springs, encircling the upper and lower eyelids with silicone or fascia lata, and temporalis muscle transfer. The most popular and widely used static procedure in facial nerve palsy is the upper eyelid gold weight implant. This procedure is the goal of the treatment for the restoration of function and cosmesis to the paralyzed eyelids. The surgical technique used for lid load insertion are described below.
Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis during remission induction therapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis (SSST) has been reported to be caused by coagulopathy following oral contraceptive therapy, DIC, infection around the sinus, compression from a tumor, infiltration of tumor, and an inherited deficiency of proteins C and S, but SSST associated with hematological malignancies and L-asparaginase (L-Asp) therapy is rare. We report a case of an adult patient with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) who developed SSST during the remission induction therapy. A 25-year-old man was admitted with left facial nerve palsy and, following bone marrow aspiration and lumbar puncture, he was diagnosed as having T-ALL with CNS involvement. He received a 1-AdVP regimen as remission induction therapy and intrathecal administration of methotrexate and cytarabine. On day 29, he had a generalized convulsion and SSST was demonstrated by imaging tests. Lymphoid malignancy (ALL in particular), the use of L-Asp, CNS involvement, and intrathecal chemotherapy might be risk factors for the occurrence SSST. When a patient with those factors develops any neurological symptoms, we should pay attention to the occurrence of SSST, as well as stroke or CNS involvement, though SSST is rare.
Observation on non-invasive electrode pulse electric stimulation for treatment of Bell's palsy; OBJECTIVE: To explore non-invasive therapy for treatment of Bell palsy. METHODS: Two hundred and seventy-six were randomly divided into two groups, a treatment group and a control group, 138 cases in each group. The treatment group were treated with non-invasive electrode pulse electric stimulation at Taiyang (EX-HN 5), Sibai (ST 2), Qianzheng (Extra), Dicang (ST 4), and the control group with routine medicine (prednisone, dibazol, vitamine B complex and Qianzheng Powder), once each day, 10 days constituting one course. After two courses, their therapeutic effects were compared. RESULTS: The cured rate and the effective rate were 83.3% and 99.3% in the treatment group, and 48.5% and 88.4% in the control group respectively with a significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Non-invasive electrode pulse electric stimulation at facial points has obvious therapeutic effect on Bell palsy.
Professor ZHANG Ji's clinical experience; Professor ZHANG Ji has unique experience on therapeutic methods for rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and obstinate facial palsy. (1) In acupuncture and moxibustion, he adopts the Governor Vessel and etiological analysis and differentiation, local acupuncture three step acupoint selection for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis; and supplementing the liver and kidney and strengthening the Governor Vessel and tonifying yang for ankylosing spondylitis; and dispelling wind and removing dampness, and dredging channels and activating the collaterals for obstinate facial palsy. (2) In Chinese drugs, on the basis of 50 year's clinical practice, he summarizes recipes Guanjie No. I and No. II. Modified Guanjie No. I is mainly used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, and modified Guanjie No. II mainly for ankylosing spondylitis, and Qianzheng Powder combined with drugs for clearing away heat and toxic substances are used for treatment of obstinate facial palsy.
Insulin- like growth factors I-II; IGF- I that is generated in the liver is the anabolic effector and linear growth promoting hormone of the pituitary Growth Hormone (GH). In the tissues, IGFs are important regulators of cell survival, growth, metabolism and differentiated functions. Prospective studies suggest that individuals with circulating levels of Insulin- like Growth Factor 1 (IGF- I) at the high end of the normal range are exposed to increased risk for several common cancers. This has led to the development of novel IGF- I receptor targeting therapies which have impressive antineoplastic activity in experimental system. This review article will focus on the biology of IGF- I and its role in health and malignant states. © 2006 DAR Publishers/ University of Jordan. All Rights Reserved.
Bell palsy associated with Q fever; Unilateral facial paresis (Bell palsy) developed in a 28-year-old patient 6 days after the onset of pneumonia caused by Coxiella burnetii. The findings from a CT scan of the brain and examination of cerebrospinal fluid were normal. Results from electrophysiologic testing revealed a suprastapedial lesion. C burnetii infection was confirmed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The patient was treated with azithromycin for 3 days, then with doxycycline for 10 days. The pneumonic infiltrate disappeared, and the Bell palsy resolved within a month. Here we present the first reported case of Bell palsy associated with Q fever.
Chronic suppurative otitis media following paediatric cochlear implantation; The objective of this study was to report and discuss the management of chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) following cochlear implantation in children. The study was a retrospective review of 650 patients receiving an implant at two paediatric tertiary referral centres for cochlear implantation. Nine patients were identified who developed CSOM following cochlear implantation (incidence 1.38%). The mean time interval between implantation and symptom development was 3.66 years (range 2-8 years) and the mean time interval between implantation and CSOM surgery was 5.02 years (range 2.2-8 years). All patients presented with otorrhoea and/or abscess formation over the implant site. Two patients underwent a modified radical mastoidectomy and seven underwent a combined approach tympanoplasty, three of whom required posterior canal wall reconstruction with cortical bone and one with cartilage. In four cases it was possible to remove the cholesteatoma without removing the implant. All but two patients were fitted with a contralateral implant. In the explanted ears the cochlear implant electrode was cut at the cochleostomy site, which was then covered with muscle. Chronic suppurative otitis media following cochlear implantation may occur either as a result of a posterior canal wall defect related to surgery or possibly de novo. Attempts should be made to save the implant, but explantation with reimplantation of the contralateral ear may be the only option. In these cases the intracochlear part of the electrode array should be left in situ to facilitate possible future reimplantation. Surgical options for management of CSOM should be individualized and may include both canal-wall up and canal-wall down techniques. To reduce the incidence of CSOM following implantation the authors recommend: (1) prompt treatment and careful follow-up of patients with a history of otitis media with effusion, (2) avoidance of excessive thinning of the posterior canal wall during mastoidectomy and (3) reconstruction of any accidental trauma to the annulus or posterior canal wall during posterior tympanotomy. Copyright © 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Prognostic value of classical electrodiagnosis in patients with peripheral facial nerve paralysis; INTRODUCTION: Electrodiagnostic tests are performed in order to obtain information on the severity of lesions and the possibility of functional recovery. Classic electrodiagnostics implies excitability testing by faradic and galvanic currents, and chronaximetry. This method has been pushed out by new diagnostic procedures, although it is a reliable method that can give data about the severity of lesions and precise data about the maximal possible function recovery and the time it takes. The aim of this study was to investigate the correlation between the results of classic electrodiagnosis and functional recovery in patients with facial paralysis. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The prospective study included 50 ambulatory patients treated at the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. After the use of diagnostic procedures (otorhinolaryngological, neurological, radiological), all patients underwent physical therapy. Two weeks after the onset of paralysis, classic electrodiagnostics was performed. We compared the prognosed and achieved recovery in two ways: for each muscle separately and for gross function (the House-Brackmann scale). RESULTS: 32 patients (64%) had only changes in excitability, 7 patients (14%) showed partial electrodegenerative reactions, 4 patients (8%) had electrodegenerative reactions and preserved reactions to faradic currents, 4 patients (8%) showed electrodegenerative reactions and inexcitability to faradic currents, and 3 patients (6%) had disruption of conductivity. Comparison of prognosed and achieved marks for the frontal, orbicularis oris and mental muscle showed a highly significant agreement in 94%, 80% and 86% of patients, respectively. There is also a highly significant agreement between prognosed and achieved recovery, described according to the House-Brackmann scale. DISCUSSION: In this study, classic electrodiagnostics showed a highly significant correlation between the predicted and the achieved outcome. Correlation was more significant when the "marking method for individual muscles" was used. The authors think that the classic test, unjustly pushed out in favor of new methods, (electroneurography - ENG, nerve excitability test - NET), certainly has advantages (insignificant intertrial and side-to-side variations as well as the possibility to test each muscle separately). CONCLUSION: The classic electrodiagnostics is a century old technology that offers useful information on nerve lesions. In our opinion, it should be part of the physiatric examination of patients with peripheral facial nerve paralysis.
Cranial neuropathies in children; BACKGROUND: Cranial nerves damages are very important in clinical neuropediatry. Differential diagnosis is very complicated and difficult because of variety of cranial nerves and causes of neuropathies. Functional senses disturbances, and also motor, sensory and vegetative disorders are caused by neuropathies. Paretic symptoms are commonly diagnosed, but also sometimes isolated cranial nerves pareses are seen. The aim of the study: was to recall the value of differential diagnosis in cranial neuropathies for early assessment of very complicated diseases of the head and neck and for early proper therapy. METHODS: The causes of neuropathies are performed into 10 tables, others causes are described in the paper. Congenital and genetic factors of cranial neuropathies and their clinical effects are discussed. The authors described also acquired local and systemic neuropathies in the aspect of diagnostic and therapeutic possibilities. The specific signs of cranial nerves damages are also performed. CONCLUSION: Deepening of knowledge in the aspect of etiopathogenesis and clinical signs of cranial neuropathies combined with new therapeutic methods should improve the proper follow up of these disorders.
Peripheral paralysis of facial nerve in children; Peripheral facial paresis is one of the most common diagnosed neuropathies in adults and also in children. Many factors can trigger facial paresis and most frequent are infectious, carcinoma and demyelinisation diseases. Very important and interesting problem is an idiopathic facial paresis (Bell's palsy). Actually the main target of scientific research is to assess the etiology (infectious, genetic, immunologic) and to find the most appropriate treatment.
Direct facial-to-hypoglossal neurorrhaphy with parotid release; Objective: Facial nerve paralysis or compromise can be caused by lesions of the temporal bone and cerebellopontine angle and their treatment. When the facial nerve is transected or severely compromised and primary end-to-end repair is not possible, hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis remains the most popular method for accomplishing three main goals: restoring facial tone, restoring facial symmetry, and facilitating return of voluntary facial movement. Our objectives are to evaluate the surgical feasibility and long-term outcomes of our technique of direct facial-to-hypoglossal neurorrhaphy with a parotid-release maneuver. Design: Prospective cohort. Setting: Academic tertiary care referral center. Patients: Ten patients with facial paralysis from proximal nerve injury underwent the facial-hypoglossal neurorrhaphy with a parotid-release maneuver. Main outcome measures: The Repaired Facial Nerve Recovery Scale, questionnaires, and photographs. Results: Facial-hypoglossal neurorrhaphy with parotid release was technically feasible in all cases, and anastomosis was performed distal to the origin of the ansa hypoglossi. All patients had good return of facial nerve function. Nine patients had scores of C or better, indicating strong eyelid and oral sphincter closure and mass motion. There was no hemilingual atrophy and no subjective tongue dysfunction. Conclusions: The parotid-release maneuver mobilizes additional length to the facial nerve, facilitating a tensionless communication distal to the ansa hypoglossi. The technique is a viable option for facial reanimation, and our patients achieved good clinical outcomes with continual improvement. Copyright © 2006 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Physical therapy for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis); This is the protocol for a review and there is no abstract. The objectives are as follows: The effectiveness of physical therapies on the outcome of Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial palsy) will be reviewed. Copyright © 2006 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The lesion site of vestibular dysfunction in Ramsay Hunt syndrome: A study by click and galvanic VEMP; Ramsay Hunt syndrome (RHS) is characterized by vestibulocochlear dysfunction in addition to facial paralysis and auricular vesicles. The present study investigated the lesion site of vestibular dysfunction in a group of 10 RHS patients. Caloric testing, vestibular evoked myogenic potentials by click sound (cVEMP) and by galvanic stimulation (gVEMP) were used to assess the function of the lateral semicircular canal, saccule, and their afferents. The results of caloric testing (all 10 cases showed canal paresis) mean the existence of lesion sites in lateral semicircular canal and/or superior vestibular nerve (SVN). Abnormal cVEMPs in 7 patients mean the existence of lesions in saccule and/or inferior vestibular nerve (IVN). Four of the 6 patients with absent cVEMP also underwent gVEMP. The results of gVEMP (2 absent and 2 normal) mean that the former 2 have lesions of the vestibular nerve, and the latter 2 have only saccular lesions concerning the pathway of VEMPs. Thus, our study suggested that lesion sites of vestibular symptoms in RHS could be in the vestibular nerve and/or labyrinth, and in SVN and/or IVN. In other words, in the light of vestibular symptoms, there is the diversity of lesion sites. © 2006 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Effects of aquatic interventions in children with neuromotor impairments: A systematic review of the literature; Objective: To determine the effectiveness of aquatic interventions in children with neuromotor impairments. Design: A search of electronic databases that included MEDLINE, PubMed, ERIC, PsychLit, PEDro, Sport Discus, CINAHL and Cochrane between 1966 and January 2005 was conducted using the following keywords: 'hydrotherapy', 'aquatic therapy', 'water exercise', 'aquatics', 'adapted aquatics', 'aquatic exercise' and 'swimming'. An additional resource, the Aquatic Therapy Research Bibliography until 1999, was explored manually. Titles and abstracts were assessed manually according to the following inclusion criteria: (1) population (children with neuromotor or neuromuscular impairments), (2) intervention (aquatic programme). Articles were reviewed according to merit of design, population participants and outcome measures with respect to International Classification of Function and Disability terminology (changes in body function, activity level and participation). Results: Eleven of the 173 articles that were retrieved met the inclusion criteria: one randomized control trial, two quasi-experimental studies, one cohort study, two case control studies and five case reports. Seven articles reported improvement in body functions, and seven articles reported improvement in activity level. Two of the four articles that investigated outcome measures regarding participation described positive effects while the findings of the other two revealed no change. None of the articles reported negative effects due to aquatic interventions. Conclusion: According to this review, there is a substantial lack of evidence-based research evaluating the specific effects of aquatic interventions in this population. © 2006 SAGE Publications.
Plasma cell mucositis: Two clinical cases with different localization and treatment; The Plasma cell mucositis in an heterogeneous group of clinical manifestations, commonly characterized by plasma cell infiltrate under the epithelium structures. The illness can involve a singular anatomical region or represents the epiphenomenon of rather and complex cases syndrome like a Meischer or Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The anatomical localization and extension are the responsible parameters of the different clinical presentation of the pathology. In this work the Authors give a review of scientific literature about the theme and describe a typical case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in a 16 years old female treated by double therapeutic approach (surgical and pharmacological devices) and a Zoon's balanitis in a 65 years old man treated by laser.
Neuroborreliosis and the pediatric population: A review; Aims. To review the medical literature on neuroborreliosis, in particular its clinical features in both adults and children, and highlight the differences between the two groups, with an emphasis on the pediatric population. Development. The neurologic manifestations of the disease variably affect different areas of the neuroaxis, central or peripheral, and can present with early or late symptomatology, depending on the age group. Although the literature includes a wide range of neurologic abnormalities, the most frequent symptom reported in the pediatric population is headache, and the most common sign being facial palsy. An immunologic process with cross-reacting antibodies and antibodies directed against neuronal proteins may exist as the causative factor. Because of characteristic cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) findings, CSF examination and serologic testing for Borrelia burgdorferi, the causative agent, should be performed in patients, particularly if a child, having been in an endemic area, presenting with an acute neurologic disorder of unexplained etiology. Treatment with antibiotics, if initiated early-on, is curative, especially in children. Conclusions. The pediatric population carries the highest risk for Lyme disease relative to other age groups. Younger patients tend to be more acutely affected, with involvement primarily of the central nervous system, exhibiting an inflammatory response in the CSF and signs/symptoms of aseptic meningitis and facial nerve palsy, whereas older patients present with features of peripheral nervous system pathology, tipically with a radiculopathy. Despite having a greater incidence of neuroborreliosis, the clinical course in most children is milder and shorter than that reported for adults. © 2006, Revista de Neurología.
Long-term outcomes after Gamma Knife surgery for vestibular schwannomas: a 10-year experience.; OBJECT: The authors sought to assess the results of Gamma Knife surgery (GKS) in patients with vestibular schwannomas (VSs). METHODS: Seventy-four consecutive patients (33 men and 41 women) were evaluated by means of serial imaging studies, clinical examinations, and questionnaires. Nineteen patients had undergone resection of their VS. Facial nerve function was normal in 63 patients (85.1%) before GKS, and 63.5% of them had useful hearing. The prescription peripheral dose varied between 10 and 14 Gy (mean 12.27 +/- 0.96 Gy); the corresponding central dose was 21 to 30 Gy (mean 24.9 +/- 2.18 Gy). The mean volume of the tumor at GKS was 10.79 +/- 5.52 ml (range 0.11-27.8 ml). A mean of eight isocenters (range 3-17) was used for treating these lesions. At a median follow-up period of 68.3 months (range 30-122 months), tumor shrinkage was observed in 60 patients (81.1%), and the tumor size was stable in 11 (14.8%). Persistent neuroimaging demonstrated evidence of progression in only three patients (4.1%): two underwent repeated GKS after an interval of 18 months and one continues to be observed. Five patients experienced trigeminal dysfunction: in three the dysfunction was transient and in the other two the dysfunction persists. Three patients suffered facial palsy. Useful hearing was preserved in 34 patients. Thirteen patients experienced some degree of hearing improvement. Deterioration of hearing was found in 13 of 62 patients who had Class I or II hearing before treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Gamma Knife surgery prevents tumor growth; it achieves excellent neurological function preservation and produces few treatment-related complications.
Acute mastoiditis: A review of nine cases; From 2000 to 2002, we treated 9 cases (4 males and 5 females) of acute mastoiditis following acute otitis media. Most of these cases complained of otalgia, otorrhea and hearing loss, and one each had retroauricular swelling and headache. Four cases had serious complications such as facial nerve palsy, subperiosteal abscess, bacterial meningitis, labyrinthitis and Gradenigo syndrome. All patients revealed mixed hearing loss on pure-tone audiometry and all but 1 case showed complete recovery of hearing. Etiological bacteria from the middle ear were cultured and there were 2 cases each of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus. 3 patients were cured by conservative therapy consisting of intravenous antibiotics, myringotomy or insertion of a ventilation tube. Six patients underwent surgical therapy with a simple mastoidectomy and postoperative antibiotic therapy. Facial nerve decompression was performed in 1 case. The clinical features and conservative or surgical intervention of mastoiditis are discussed.
Parotid gland abscess with facial nerve paralysis; A case of parotid gland abscess with facial nerve paralysis was reported. A 61-year-old woman with pain and swelling of the left parotid gland was referred to our hospital. Two weeks previously, she had been diagnosed with parotitis and treated with an oral antibiotic. The pain and swelling of the left parotid gland initially improved; however, they returned and were much more severe. On examination at our hospital, a 6-cm, red, firm, painful mass was present at the left parotid gland. There was no pus from the orifice of the parotid duct. After admission she was treated with an intravenous antibiotic. One day after admission, incomplete facial nerve paralysis occurred. Computed tomography demonstrated a low density area within the left parotid gland. She was diagnosed with parotid gland abscess with facial nerve paralysis. We emergently drained the abscess in the left parotid gland. Two weeks after the operation, her complaints subsided and the swelling of the parotid gland disappeared. Three months later, the facial nerve paralysis completely recovered.
Conductive hearing loss after blunt head injury; Persistent conductive hearing loss after head injury is usually seen after fracture to the temporal bone. Fractures may be classified as longitudinal, transverse or mixed. Longitudinal fractures are more commonly associated with a conductive loss, transverse fractures with a sensorineural loss, vertigo, and facial nerve palsy. Loss of consciousness, bleeding from the ear and subjective hearing loss are key symptoms likely to indicate a conductive loss. A resolving hearing loss may be due to fluid and debris in the middle ear, perforation or ligamentous healing; persistence indicates ossicular disruption requiring exploratory tympanotomy. Initial investigation should include an audiogram, tympanometry and CT-scan, and the initial management is usually conservative, with surgery reserved for a persisting hearing loss.
Clinical analysis of patients with peripheral facial palsy; Peripheral facial palsy is one of the most frequent neurological symptoms. In two thirds of the cases the cause is unknown, this is called "idiopathic peripheral facial palsy or Bell's palsy", but several different diseases have to be considered in the differential diagnosis. In this paper we reviewed the case histories of 110 patients treated for "peripheral facial palsy" in the Department of Neurology, Semmelweis University, Budapest in a five year period, 2000-2004. We studied the age, gender distribution, seasonal occurrence, comorbidities, sidedness, symptoms, circumstances of referral to the hospital, the initial diagnoses and therapeutic options. We also discuss the probable causes and consequences of diagnostic failures. RESULTS: the proportion of males and females was equal. There was no considerable difference between sexes regarding age-distribution. Of the 110 patients 106 was diagnosed with idiopathic Bell's palsy, three cases with otic herpes zoster and one patient with Lyme disease. In our material, peripheral facial palsy was significantly more frequent in the cold period of late autumn, winter, and early spring. Diabetes mellitus and hypertension were more frequent than in the general population. 74% of the patients were admitted within two days from the onset of the symptoms. In 37% preliminary diagnosis was unavailable. In 15% cerebrovascular insult was the first, incorrect diagnosis, the correct diagnosis of "Bell's palsy" was provided only in 16%. The probable causes of diagnostic failures may be the misleading symptoms and accompanying conditions. We examined the different therapies applied and reviewed the literature in this topic. We conclude that intravenous corticosteroid treatment in the early stage of the disease is the therapy of choice.
Bilateral optic neuropathy and non-Hodkin's lymphoma; While ocular lesion is commonly known in lymphoma, optic neuropathy is very rare : 1,3% of lymphomas affecting the central nervous systems. Observation: Authors report the case of a 75 year old patient treated in the haematology department for 8 years, for a large cell B phenotype stage IV lymphoma for which he received 7 chemotherapy courses (CHOP protocol). After a 4 year remission period, he presented a relapse with a rapid progressive bilateral impairment of visual acuity observed for a week before his admission. The ophthalmologic exam revealed no light perception and no afferent reflex on the right eye. There was light perception and weak afferent reflex on the left eye. The anterior segment was normal on both eyes and fundus examination revealed a bilateral stage I papillar oedema. The general exam showed a right facial palsy and an impairment of general condition. The orbital CT scan revealed a significant thickening of both optic nerves caused by lymphomatous infiltration. A chemotherapy with highly dosed IV and intrathecal methotrexate was performed. Discussion: the optic neuropathy is usually associated with a generalized lymphoma with central nervous system involvement, but sometimes can precede the systemic spread of the disease. Apart from infiltration, the optic nerve can be compressed by an intracranial or orbital tumor. The optic neuropathy can also be caused by lymphomatous leptomeningitis.
Clinical manifestations in 17 Greek patients with Goldenhar syndrome; Goldenhar (GS) syndrome is a well-recognised developmental disorder involving first and second branchial arches and characterized by considerable phenotypic variability. The present study presents clinical data on the morphologic features, hearing, ophthalmologic, orthopaedic, neurological, cardiovascular, genitourinary and gastrointestinal evaluation of 17 Greek patients (one pair of monozygotic twins) aged 20 days to 23 years with the clinical diagnosis of GS and with a normal karyotype. The most consistent findings were auricular defects (94%), followed by facial (76%) and ocular anomalies (65%), 70% unilateral, mainly right-sided. In the majority of our patients (90%) mandibular hypoplasia was ipsilateral to the dysplastic ear or the most severely affected ear in bilateral cases. Hearing loss, mainly conductive, was noted in 76% of our patients. Skeletal defects were evident in 23%, while cardiovascular, genitourinary and gastrointestinal in 18%, 23% and 12% respectively. The most frequent neurological manifestation was facial nerve paralysis (12%), while the incidence of mental retardation was higher (23%) than reported in the literature, presumably attributed to the severe hearing and vision loss. In a pair of monozygotic twins of our study discordance of clinical findings was noted. Precise evaluation of GS patients and multidisciplinary care management is necessary to avoid possible complications of many systems and to offer appropriate genetic counselling to the family.
Effects of botulinum toxin type A therapy for synkinesis after peripheral facial palsy; Once synkinesis and facial contracture after facial nerve palsy have developed, spontaneous recovery is unpredictable and many patients suffer from unpleasant symptoms for a long time. This paper examined the results of treating facial synkinesis and contracture using botulinum toxin type A (BTX). Eleven patients with synkinesis or facial contracture were treated with BTX, and the effects of this treatment were compared with patients with blephalospasm (BS) and hemifacial spasm (HFS) by assessing the degree of satisfaction, therapeutic interval, and dose of BTX. Therapeutic effects were also evaluated by recording the width of the affected eyelid and investigation of the facial score using the Sunnybrook grading system before and after treatment. Compared to the BS and HFS patients, the patients' satisfaction levels were higher, therapeutic intervals were longer, and the doses of BTX were lower. In all patients, the width of the affected eyelid increased significantly and the Sunnybrook facial score improved after treatment. The degree of satisfaction tended to be higher in patients treated at an earlier date than in those treated at over 60 months. No severe side effects were observed. These findings suggest that BTX injection is useful and safe for the treatment of facial synkinesis and contracture.
Bilateral facial nerve paralysis-diagnosis and treatment.; To observe the ways of diagnosis and treatment of bilateral facial nerve palsy. Seven cases of bilateral facial nerve paralysis in 1996 - 2003 were retrospectively reviewed, and then the ways of diagnosis and therapies of these cases were analyzed. There were 6 patients with doubtless diagnosis. They were diagnosed as acute leukaemia, Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease (VKH), Machado-Jesoph disease, bilateral mandible fractures, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and Bell's palsy. The last one was diagnosed as Herpes zoster virus infection or Lyme disease. In all these cases, there were 4 of 5 positive cerebrospinal fluids test, 1 of 6 positive lyme antibody test, 2 of 5 positive images test, 7 of 7 EMG and Br test showed that the paralysis was peripheral palsy. All the 7 cases were treated with steroid and vitamin. House-Brackmann I was defined as complete recovery, after up to 2 months follow up, there were four cases got completely recovery while 2 cases incomplete recovery, and 1 case was not reacted to the therapy. Bilateral facial nerve paralysis was rare, and it was difficult to diagnosis and differentiation, while diagnostic mistakes would be serious. More attention should be paid to it in clinic.
Lipomatous Lesions of the Parotid Gland; Purpose: Lipomatous lesions of the parotid gland are rare and seldom considered in the initial diagnosis of a parotid mass. We report our experience in the management of patients with lipomatous lesions affecting the parotid gland. Patients and Methods: Retrospective analysis of all parotidectomies performed for neoplastic lesions in the maxillofacial unit between 1975 and 2003 and patients with lipomatous lesions involving the parotid gland were identified; 638 parotidectomies were performed in this period on 629 patients in which 660 neoplasms were identified. Eight patients were found to have lipomatous lesions and form the basis of this study. Results: Lipomatous lesions accounted for only 1.3% of parotid tumors and occurred more frequently in males, at a ratio of 3 to 1. The most common presentation was that of a slowly enlarging, painless mass. Computed tomography scan was the most frequent imaging modality undertaken, and in 3 patients a diagnosis of a lipoma was made preoperatively. Seven patients underwent a superficial parotidectomy and 1 patient had a total conservative parotidectomy because of the deep lobe location of the mass. Five patients were found to have a focal lipoma and 3 patients had diffuse lipomatosis. There were no recurrences. Temporary facial nerve palsy and Frey's syndrome were the most frequent complications. Conclusion: Lipomatous lesions accounted for only 1.3% of all parotid tumors. There were no specific distinguishing clinical features in our patients, and an accurate preoperative diagnosis was made in 3 patients based on imaging investigations. A well-circumscribed lipoma was more common than diffuse lipomatosis. Superficial parotidectomy was the treatment of choice and there were no recurrences in our series. © 2006 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Early dental management of patients with Mobius syndrome; Objective(s): The aim of this study was to evaluate the orofacial manifestations in patients with Mobius syndrome (MS), establish an early adequate dental treatment and discuss the possible etiology of all cases examined based on information about the gestational intercurrences. Design: Prospective study. Setting: Special Care Dentistry Center, School of Dentistry, University of Sao Paulo, Brazil. Subject(s) and methods: Twenty-nine patients with MS aged 0 to 4 underwent prospective dental examination as well as early orthodontic treatment. Results: All patients presented micrognathia, lack of lip seal, high arched palate and weak soft palate. The use of orthopedic appliances was recommended to all 29 patients, but only 13 adhered to treatment and were monitored for at least 24 months. We observed that, after 24 months of treatment, the palate was expanded and micrognathia became less severe in the majority of the cases. Pregnancy-related complications were reported by 27 (97%) of the 29 mothers. Conclusion(s): The early use of orthopedic appliances was important to prevent malocclusion and glossoptosis. Attempted abortion with misoprostol is associated with an increased risk of MS in infants. © 2006 The Authors.
Clinical impact of CCM mutation detection in familial cavernous angioma; Introduction and background: A 3-year-old Bosnian girl with a large symptomatic brainstem and multiple supratentorial cavernous angiomas, who underwent neurosurgical treatment, is presented. As multiple cavernomas are more common in familial cases, genetic analyses and neuroradiological imaging were performed in the patient and her parents to see whether there was any evidence for inheritance. This information is important for genetic counseling and provision of medical care for at-risk relatives. Currently, no recommendation is available on how to manage these cases. Results: Genetic analyses demonstrated a novel CCM1 frameshift mutation (c.1683_1684insA; p.V562SfsX6) in the child and the asymptomatic 27-year-old mother. Sensitive gradient-echo magnetic resonance imaging of the mother revealed multiple supratentorial lesions, whereas analogous imaging of the father showed no pathological findings. Conclusion: This case exemplifies that seemingly sporadic cases with multiple lesions might well be hereditary and that presymptomatic genetic testing of family members may identify relatives for whom clinical and neuroradiological monitoring is indicated. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Neuromuscular disorders in pregnancy; Many neuromuscular conditions occur more frequently during pregnancy and include carpal tunnel syndrome, Bell's palsy, lumbosacral radiculopathy, meralgia paresthetica, intercostal neuralgia, and other compression neuropathies. Preexisting or coincident neuromuscular diseases, including demyelinating polyneuropathies, inflammatory muscle disease, myasthenia gravis, and inherited nerve and muscle disease present specific problems during pregnancy. We review management of neuromuscular disorders during pregnancy, labor, delivery, and the early postpartum period. © 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Are computerised monitoring systems of value to improve pharmacovigilance in paediatric patients?; Objective: The aim of the present study was to evaluate a computerised monitoring system (CMS) based on laboratory test results for the detection of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) on a paediatric ward. Methods: A prospective, 6-month pharmacoepidemiological survey was performed on a 22-bed paediatric isolation ward. ADRs were identified by intensive chart review. In addition to spontaneous reporting by the treating physician, automatic laboratory signals generated by a CMS were evaluated for their association with ADRs. ADRs were classified by the affected target organs according to the WHO-ART system organ classes. Results: A total of 73 ADRs were identified in 439 admissions (396 patients) by chart review. The CMS alerted 31 (42.4%) ADRs while 23 (31.5%) ADRs were found solely by treating physicians. Eight ADRs were detected by both approaches resulting in a total detection rate of 74% (compared with intensive pharmacovigilance). Out of a total of 27,434 laboratory tests performed routinely, 1,563 were classified as abnormal by the predefined CMS and used as the basis of alerts. The sensitivity of the system with respect to patients alerted was 90.3% and the specificity only 19.6%. Conclusion: This study demonstrates that, using CMS, a different kind of mild adverse events were detected compared to the observation by the treating physician. The system presented appears to be sufficiently sensitive, but the specificity is too low to make it acceptable for physicians in daily practice. In children, clinically important ADRs can be detected best by intensified surveillance. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Issues in the design and implementation of vaccine trials in less developed countries; There is a growing need for vaccine trials in developing countries. This need arises from the fact that some vaccines do not perform as well in developing as in industrialized country populations and because some newly developed candidates target diseases found only in less-developed countries. Here we discuss several key issues in the design and implementation of vaccine trials in less-developed countries. These include the phasing of vaccine trials on safety, immunogenicity and efficacy to achieve licensure; the recent use of trials to obtain other information crucial to the ultimate deployment of vaccines (such as immunological correlates of protection, indirect vaccine effects, and practical information on the feasibility, costs and acceptability of vaccine introduction); and several ethical issues that have arisen in connection with trials done in developing countries.
Differential Diagnosis of Angioedema; There are many conditions that may present with swelling that mimics angioedema. When swelling persists for greater than a few days or is unresponsive to treatment for urticaria/angioedema, other etiologies should be considered. In most instances, a thorough history and physical examination will define other etiologies. However, for more persistent conditions, further laboratory evaluation and a biopsy may be required to define the diagnosis. Rarely is a more aggressive approach required to make the diagnosis. Clinicians should remember that if the swelling does not act like angioedema, it more than likely is not angioedema. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Unilateral facial swelling caused by Ramsay Hunt syndrome resembles odontogenic infection; Facial cellulitis and swellings of the head and neck are worrisome signs of odontogenic infection, which can be life threatening. Most head and neck infections are caused by bacterial pathogens. When treating such infections, dentists must also be aware of possible viral or fungal causes and their associated presentations. This report documents a case of viral infection that initially resembled a bacterial odontogenic infection. It is intended to familiarize dentists with the Ramsay Hunt syndrome and the need for prompt recognition and early definitive treatment. © J Can Dent Assoc 2006.
Optimal bandaging of smallpox vaccination sites to decrease the potential for secondary vaccinia transmission without impairing lesion healing; OBJECTIVE. To assess the optimal method for covering smallpox vaccination sites to prevent transmission of vaccinia. DESIGN. Randomized, nonblinded clinical trial. SETTING. Tertiary care medical center. PARTICIPANTS. Vaccinia-naive and vaccinia-experienced volunteers. INTERVENTIONS. After vaccination, study participants were randomized to receive 1 of 3 types of bandage: gauze, occlusive with gauze lining, or foam. Vaccination sites were assessed every 3 to 5 days until the lesion healed. During each visit, specimens were obtained from the vaccination site, the bandage surface before removal, and the index finger contralateral to the vaccination site and were cultured for vaccinia. Time to lesion healing was assessed. RESULTS. All 48 vaccinia-naive and 47 (87%) of 54 vaccinia-experienced participants developed a vesicle or pustule at the injection site 6-11 days after vaccination. Fourteen (14%) of 102 participants had bandage cultures positive for vaccinia. All but 1 of these vaccinia-positive cultures were of a bandage from participants randomized to the gauze bandage group, and all but 3 were of bandages from vaccinia-naive participants. No finger-specimen cultures were positive for vaccinia. One episode of neck autoinoculation occurred in a vaccinia-naive individual who had vaccinia recovered from his gauze bandage on multiple visits. The foam bandage was associated with more local adverse effects (skin irritation and induration). The time to healing did not differ among the bandage groups. CONCLUSIONS. The potential for transmission of vaccinia from a vaccination site is greater if the site is covered by gauze than if it is covered by occlusive or foam bandages. Use of an occlusive bandage with a gauze lining is the best choice for coverage of smallpox vaccination sites because of a reduced potential for vaccinia transmission and a lower reactogenicity rate. Bandage choice did not affect vaccination lesion healing. © 2006 by The Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America. All rights reserved.
Primary germinoma arising from the midbrain; A 29-year-old man presented with diplopia, dysarthria, anisocoria, oculomotor nerve paralysis, abducens nerve paralysis, right facial palsy, and spastic hemiparetic gait. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed a homogenously enhanced mass in the midbrain. MRI-guided stereotactic biopsy was performed, and the histologic diagnosis was pure germinoma. The tumor disappeared after chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Germinoma should be included in the differential diagnosis of midbrain lesions in young adults. MRI-guided stereotactic biopsy provided a helpful diagnostic clue in a patient with a midbrain lesion. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Clinical observation on moxibustion and acupuncture at Zusanli (ST 36) for treatment of refractory facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe clinical therapeutic effect of moxibustion and acupuncture at Zusanli (ST 36) on refractory facial paralysis. METHODS: Sixty cases were randomly divided into a test group and a control group, 30 cases in each group. The control group were treated with acupuncture at Hegu (LI 4), Taichong (LR 3), Touwei (ST 8), etc. , and the test group with acupuncture at the same points as those in the control group plus moxibustion and acupuncture at Zusanli (ST 36) with a warm-heat sense transmitting into the depth of the point along the needle body for the patient. RESULTS: The total effective rate of 93.3% in the test group was significantly better than 76.7 in the control group (P < 0.05); in the test group, the total effective rate for the patients with needling sensation propagating along the channel was 100%, which was significantly superior to 80.00% in the patients with no needling sensation propagating along the channel (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Moxibustion and acupuncture at Zusanli (ST 36) activating sensation propagating along channel as main way has a better therapeutic effect on refractory facial paralysis.
Programme of criteria for clinical evaluation and assessment of therapeutic effects of peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To establish perfect criteria for clinical evaluation and assessment of therapeutic effects of peripheral facial paralysis. METHODS: With reference to relative evaluating criteria, and in combination with self-characteristics of TCM and functional characteristics of facial nerves, and via clinical repeated investigation and control evaluation, put forward a scale for peripheral facial nerve rating, criteria for facial nerve grading, criteria of syndrome types and criteria of assessment of therapeutic effects. RESULTS: Clinical preliminary determination indicated that the assessment contents were characterized by rational reference, convenience and objectiveness. CONCLUSION: The program can used as criteria for clinical evaluation and assessment of therapeutic effects, but it needs support of clinical effectiveness and determination of confidence, and multi-central studies.
Exchange transfusion: A low-cost alternative for severe childhood Guillain-Barré syndrome; The high cost and nonavailability of plasmapheresis and intravenous immunoglobulin are prohibitive for the treatment of Guillain-Barré syndrome in resource-poor settings. Exchange transfusion can be an alternative therapy for severe disease in children. The effectiveness of exchange transfusion was evaluated in nine children (median age 6 years) with severe Guillain-Barré syndrome (functional disability score ≥ 4). All patients had lower limb weakness for a median duration of 4 days (range 2-16 days). Upper limb weakness (n = 8), respiratory involvement (n = 7), pooling of oral secretions (n = 3), and facial palsy (n = 1) were other motor signs. Four children developed respiratory failure; three were ventilated. Other clinical features included leg pains, meningismus and Lasègue's sign, backache, excessive sweating, and hemodynamic instability. Two children had albuminocytologic dissociation on cerebrospinal fluid analysis. Nerve conduction velocity testing was done in three patients; two had suggestive findings. One course of exchange transfusion could be performed in seven patients. Six children (86%) responded well with one or more of the following: a halt in progressive motor weakness, improvement in leg pains, meningismus, and straight-leg raising within 24 to 48 hours; one could be weaned off the ventilator by 60 hours. All had improvement in motor power of at least one muscle group by one grade within 3 to 7 days. Two patients died, whereas five (71% of the treatment group) were discharged and could walk independently by 4 months. Two untreated ones had died. Exchange transfusion seems to be a safe and effective alternative for severe Guillain-Barré syndrome. It should be offered whenever intravenous immunoglobulin or plasmapheresis is not available or affordable. Replacement of immunosaturated red cells, removal of activated T cells and monocytes, and transient thrombocytopenia are possible explanations for its effectiveness in addition to removal of pathogenic autoantibodies, immune complexes, cytokines, and complements.
Intrapetrous cholesteatoma. A retrospective study of seven operated cases; Introduction: Intrapetrous cholesteatoma can be recalled with regard of facial paralysis, mixed deafness, cholesteatoma visible under an otoscopy and some characteristic signs in imaging. Its treatment is a real dilemma between its complete exeresis and the preservation of the facial nerve. Methodology: We studied the diagnostic and therapeutic aspects of the 7 operated cases from 1994 to 2004. Results: We noted 5 men and 2 women with an average age of 37.29 years. One case was primitive. We observed 6 translabyrinthic lesions, 5 supralabyrinthic lesions and 2 infralabyrinthic lesions. The surgical approach was: translabyrinthic (1 case), translabyrinthic and suprapetrous (2 cases), suprapetrous (1 case), suprapetrous and petrectomy (1 case), petrectomy (2 cases). The diversion of the facial nerve was often associated. After the surgical operation the activity of the facial nerve was conserved in 4 patients and improved in 2 patients. The facial nerve paralysis that appeared on a patient after being operated on, totally recovered after 7 months. In spite of the appropriate surgical approach, the residual lesions were not rare (2 cases). This situation imposes a clinical and radiological follow-up for life. Conclusion: Intrapetrous cholesteatoma is rare. The X-ray confirmed the diagnosis. The new MRI techniques allow to detect recurrences and residues. A second surgical operation can be necessary.
NK/T-cell lymphoma in AIDS; A 42-year-old man diagnosed to be HIV positive and on highly active antiretroviral treatment (HAART), presented with double vision and gradual drooping of the left eyelid. He had left 3rd cranial nerve palsy and partial right lower-motor-neuron facial palsy. CT of the PNS revealed soft tissue filling the right maxillary sinus antrum. Further workup showed the mass to be an NK/T cell lymphoma. © JAPI 2006.
Cavernous angiomas within the internal auditory canal; Object. The aim of this study was to describe the symptomatology, radiological features, and surgical treatment of patients with cavernous angiomas within the internal auditory canal (IAC). Methods. The authors reviewed the cases of seven patients with cavernous angiomas in the IAC that had been surgically treated in the 22-year period between 1983 and 2005. All the patients had presented with sensorineural hearing loss, and four suffered from tinnitus. Four patients also reported facial symptoms such as hemispasm or progressive palsy; one of these patients had presented with sudden facial paresis due to intrameatal tumor hemorrhage. According to computed tomography (CT) results, the lesions caused enlargement of the IAC. Interestingly, these same angiomas showed variable features on magnetic resonance (MR) imaging, making their differentiation from intrameatal vestibular schwannomas (VSs) sometimes impossible. In all patients the lesions were totally removed via the suboccipital retrosigmoid approach. They could be dissected away from the facial nerve in five cases, whereas in two cases, because of the location of the lesion, the seventh cranial nerve had to be sectioned and repaired with a sural nerve graft. Transient worsening of seventh cranial nerve symptoms occurred in two patients, with postoperative improvement in each of them. The cochlear nerve could not be functionally preserved because of its extreme adherence to the tumor, although its continuity was preserved in four patients. Complete deafness was the only postoperative complication. Conclusions. Cavernous angiomas of the IAC are very uncommon lesions that can imitate the symptoms of VSs. Although it is the most sensitive study available, MR imaging does not show sufficiently specific findings to differentiate the two lesion types. Thus, the preoperative diagnosis must be based on patient symptoms plus the CT and MR imaging features.
Improved preservation of hearing and facial nerve function in vestibular schwannoma surgery via the retrosigmoid approach in a series of 200 patients; Object. The aim of this study was to evaluate and present the results of current surgical treatment of vestibular schwannomas (VSs) and to report the refinements in the operative technique. Methods. The authors performed a retrospective study of 200 consecutive patients who had undergone VS surgery over a 3-year period. Patient records, operative reports, follow-up data, and neuroradiological findings were analyzed. The main outcome measures were magnetic resonance imaging, neurological status, patient complaints, and surgical complications. Complete tumor removal was achieved in 98% of patients. Anatomical preservation of the facial nerve was possible in 98.5% of patients. In patients treated for tumors with extension Classes T1, T2, and T3, the rate of facial nerve preservation was 100%. By the last follow-up examination, excellent or good facial nerve function had been achieved in 81% of the cases. By at least 1 year postsurgery, no patients had total facial palsy. In the patients with preserved hearing, the rate of anatomical preservation of the cochlear nerve was 84%. The overall rate of functional hearing preservation was 51%. There was no surgery-related permanent morbidity in this series of patients. Cerebrospinal fluid leakage was diagnosed in 2% of the patients. The mortality rate was 0%. Conclusions. The goal of VS treatment should be total removal in one stage and preservation of neurological function, as they determine a patient's quality of life. This goal can be safely and successfully achieved using the retrosigmoid approach.
Acute cerebral infarction during combination chemotherapy with S-1 cisplatin for a young patient with a mucin-producing adenocarcinoma of the stomach; We report a 29-year-old woman with gastric cancer who developed Trousseau's syndrome, a malignancy-related thromboembolism, during chemotherapy. She was diagnosed with a mucin-producing adenocarcinoma of the stomach, and chemotherapy with S-1 and cisplatin was commenced. During treatment, she developed a sudden onset of right hemiplegia. Magnetic resonance imaging showed an acute cerebral infarction of the left cerebral hemisphere. The underlying pathophysiology is thought to be chronic disseminated intravascular coagulation due to mucin-producing adenocarcinomas. However, cisplatin-induced vascular toxicity and hypercoagulability caused by decreased plasma protein C activity, elevated plasma von-Willebrand factor levels, and hypomagnesemia has also been proposed to be associated with thrombogenicity. © 2006 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
A phase I study of in vitro expanded natural killer T cells in patients with advanced and recurrent non-small cell lung cancer; Purpose: Human Vα24 natural killer T (Vα24 NKT) cells bearing an invariant Vα24JαQ antigen receptor are activated by a glicolipid ligand α-galactosylceramide (αGalCer; KRN7000) in a CD1d-dependent manner. The human Vα24 NKT cells activated with ΗGalCer and interleukin-2 have been shown to produce large amounts of cytokines, such as IFN-γ, and also exerting a potent killing activity against various tumor cell lines. We did a phase I study with autologous activated Vα24 NKT cell therapy. Experimental Design: Patients with advanced or recurrent non - small cell lung cancer received i.v. injections of activated Vα24 NKTcells (level 1:1 × 107/m2 and level 2:5 × 10 7/m2) to test the safety, feasibility, and clinical response of this therapeutic strategy. Immunomonitoring was also done in all cases. Results: Six patients were enrolled in this study. No severe adverse events were observed during this study in any patients. After the first and second injection of activated Vα24 NKT cells, an increased number of peripheral blood Vα24 NKT cells was observed in two of three cases receiving a level 2 dose of activated Vα24 NKT cells. The number of IFN-γ-producing cells in peripheral blood mononuclear cells increased after the administration of activated Vα24 NKT cells in all three cases receiving the level 2 dose. No patient was found to meet the criteria for either a partial or a complete response. Conclusions: The clinical trial with activated Vα24 NKT cell administration was well tolerated and carried out safely with minor adverse events even in patients with advanced diseases. © 2006 American Association for Cancer Research.
Comparison of motor conduction functional recovery of buccal and temporal branches in evaluation of motor conduction of facial nerve branches; Aim: To compare the motor conduction functional recovery of buccal and temporal branches detected with motor conduction of facial nerve branches. Methods: 480 patients with Bell's palsy from Affiliated Hospital of Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, West China Hospital of Sichuan University, Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital of Mianyang, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital were selected. After 4 weeks treatment, 205 and 246 patients were willing to accept motor conduction of facial nerve branches test including 69 and 83 cases treated with western medicine, and 66 and 80 cases treated with western medicine and acupuncture and moxibustion and 70 and 83 cases treated with acupuncture and moxibustion. The motor conduction of facial nerve and temporal nerve before and after treatment were detected and compared. Results: (1)The latency of buccal branch of facial nerve in affected side was shortened after treatment [(2.95±0.68), (3.08±0.69) ms, P < 0.05], but the amplitude was not improved after treatment (P > 0.05). (2) The amplitude of temporal branch of facial nerve in affected side was greatly improved after treatment [(518.85±496.57), (391.47±468.69) μV, P < 0.01], but the latency was not significantly improved (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The latency in action potentials of buccal branch of facial nerve in affected side of patients with Bell's palsy is greatly improved, but the amplitude is not after treatment; the amplitude of temporal branch of facial nerve in affected side is greatly improved after treatment, but the latency is not. The amplitude in action potentials of motor conduction of facial nerve is objective index for the axonal degeneration of facial nerve. The recovery of temporal branch of facial nerve is better than that of the buccal branch in terms of treating Bell's palsy, which is similar to clinical manifestation.
Medium and long term outcome of growth hormone theraphy in growth hormone deficient adults; We evaluated long-term replacement therapy outcomes in various subsets of patients with adult growth hormone (GH) deficiency (AGHD) as well as the patients' susceptibility to adverse events. Fifty-nine patients with AGHD were evaluated, 27 with childhood onset (CO) (18-44 years old, 12 females) and 32 with adult onset (AO) (27-70 years, 18 females). A significant improvement in HDL-cholesterol was observed in AGHD-AO males (basal: 41.3 ± 12.9 mg/dl, intratreatment: 47.5 ± 13.2 mg/dl, p=0.009). However, individual analyses showed that total cholesterol decreased below 240 mg/dl in 33% of AGHD-CO patients and in 50% of AGHD-AO patients, and below 200 mg/dl in 67% of AGHD-CO patients and in 29% of AGHD-AO patients; in the AGHD-AO group, normalization of LDL-cholesterol (≤ 160 mg/dl) and triglycerides (≤ 200 mg/dl) was found in 100% and 50% of patients, respectively; the total cholesterol/ HDL ratio decreased below 4.5 in 20% of AGHD-CO patients and in 25% of AGHD-AO patients. The cardiological evaluation showed a significant intra- and interindividual heterogeneity, but cardiac mass improved in patients with a baseline cardiac mass index below 60 g/M2. Markers of bone apposition increased significantly, while bone resorption markers were found to remain unchanged during treatment. A correlation was found between increased bone mineral content and lean body mass (p=0.0009). Susceptibility to adverse events was not found to be dependent on gender or on the time of onset of the deficiency. Our findings would appear to confirm that a more severe metabolic impairment is correlated with a better therapeutic outcome.
Relapse of acute lymphocytic leukemia with involvement of the posterior cranial fossa presenting with vertigo and facial palsy; A 15-year-old male complained of vertigo and was brought to our clinic on April 3, 2002. He showed rightward nystagmus with right fixation and rightward spontaneous nystagmus. Caloric test showed canal paresis of the left ear. Although there was a past history of acute lymphocytic leukemiam, he was in complete remission. Therefore, he was diagnosed as having vestibular neuritis of the left ear and treated with prednisolone. Balance problem improved for one week. However, he complained of recurrent dizziness on April 26, and left facial palsy on April 30. MRI showed enhancement in the posterior cranial fossa and cranial nerve (III, V, VI, VII, VIII, X nerve). He was diagnosed as having having relapsing leukemia with involvement of the central nervous system, and treated with intraspinal administration of methotrexate (MTX). Thereafter, dizziness and facial palsy were improved. In this case, lesion of the cranial nerve demonstrated on MRI differed from neurological symptoms. When patient having a past history of leukemia complain of vertigo, we must suspect relapse of leukemia, even if he/she was in complete remission.
A case of Hunt syndrome with generalized Herpes Zoster; We report a case of Hunt syndrome with generalized Herpes Zoster in an adult woman. The patient was 85 years of age and had been a history of multiple myeloma treated by steroids and immunosuppressants. She was referred to our hospital by her primary care physician for right-sided facial and neck pain, otalgia and throat pain. The following day, swelling in the pharynx and the larynx worsened and required tracheostomy. We initiated administration of Aciclovir and intravenous immunoglobulin, which successfully avoided critical complications. Despite the treatment course, facial paralysis and sensorineural hearing loss persisted.
Clinical and MRI correlates of cerebral palsy: The European cerebral palsy study; Context: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings have been reported for specific clinical cerebral palsy (CP) subgroups or lesion types but not in a large population of children with all CP subtypes. Further information about the causes of CP could help identify preventive strategies. Objective: To investigate the correlates of CP in a population sample and compare clinical findings with information available from MRI brain studies. Design and Setting: Cross-sectional, population-based investigative study conducted in 8 European study centers (North West London and North East London, England; Edinburgh, Scotland; Lisbon, Portugal; Dublin, Ireland; Stockholm, Sweden; Tübingen, Germany; and Helsinki, Finland). Participants: Five hundred eighty-five children with CP were identified who had been born between 1996 and 1999; 431 children were clinically assessed and 351 had a brain MRI scan. Main Outcome Measures: Standardized clinical examination results, parental questionnaire responses, MRI results, and obstetric, genetic, and metabolic data from medical records. Results: Important findings include the high rate of infections reported by mothers during pregnancy (n=158 [39.5%]). In addition, 235 children (54%) were born at term while 47 children (10.9%) were very preterm (<28 weeks). A high rate of twins was found, with 51 children (12%) known to be from a multiple pregnancy. Clinically, 26.2% of children had hemiplegia, 34.4% had diplegia, 18.6% had quadriplegia, 14.4% had dyskinesia, 3.9% had ataxia, and 2.6% had other types of CP. Brain MRI scans showed that white-matter damage of immaturity, including periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), was the most common finding (42.5%), followed by basal ganglia lesions (12.8%), cortical/subcortical lesions (9.4%), malformations (9.1%), focal infarcts (7.4%), and miscellaneous lesions (7.1%). Only 11.7% of these children had normal MRI findings. There were good correlations between the MRI and clinical findings. Conclusions: These MRI findings suggest that obstetric mishaps might have occurred in a small proportion of children with CP. A systematic approach to identifying and treating maternal infections needs to be developed. Multiple pregnancies should be monitored closely, and the causes of infant stroke need to be investigated further so preventive strategies can be formulated. All children with CP should have an MRI scan to provide information on the timing and extent of the lesion. ©2006 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis and management of facial palsy paralysis; Facial palsy is an unusual pathology that requires standard investigations and management. A clinical overview of the current attitudes is suggested to the general practitioners in order to help them in initiating the adequate investigations and treatment before referring the patient to a specialist.
A clinical study of 54 cases with Warthin's tumor in the parotid tumor; We reported a clinical study of 54 patients (51 males and 3 females) with Warthin's tumor treated in our hospital from 1999 to 2005. The accuracy for diagnosis of Warthin's tumor with fine needle aspiration (FNA) and 99mTc scintigraphy were 64.8% and 82.9%. Temporary facial nerve palsy after the operation occurred in 11 patients. The period until recovering was 5.9 weeks on the average. A significant difference neither the age or the operation time or the tumor size was admitted in the facial nerve palsy. The surgery for tumors in deep lobe was suggested that it was necessary to be done carefully.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome.; Ramsay Hunt Syndrome was described in a 58 years old woman from Addis Ababa. The woman presented with vesicular eruptions in the right ear which was followed by weakness of the same side of face & otalgia. The objective of this case report is to address herpes zoster & its complications with the treatment modalities & an uncommon clinical entity, Ramsay hunt syndrome.
Risk of facial palsy and severe Frey's syndrome after conservative parotidectomy for benign disease: Analysis of 610 operations; Conclusions: Advanced age, long operation time and large specimen volume were significant risk factors for transient facial palsy after conservative parotidectomy. Revision operation was the only risk factor for development of a permanent palsy. Risk factors for Frey's syndrome were not found. The incidence of Frey's syndrome was not altered by the use of a sternocleidomastoid muscle flap or other implantation material. Objectives: The results of studies identifying risk factors for facial palsy and Frey's syndrome after parotidectomy are contradictory. This study attempted to identify these risk factors by performing a retrospective review of a large series of patients. Patients and methods: A total of 610 standardized conservative parotidectomies for benign diseases performed between 1989 and 2004 were studied retrospectively. The risk factors for facial palsy and Frey's syndrome were determined by univariate and if possible by multivariate analysis of variables related to patient demographics and operation characteristics. Results: The rates of transient facial palsies, permanent facial palsies and Frey's syndrome were 18%, 4%, and 4%, respectively. Significant univariate and multivariate risk factors for development of a transient facial palsy were age >70 years, operation time >260 min, and a specimen volume >70 cm3. The only significant risk factor for the development of a permanent palsy was prior surgery. A significant risk factor for the development of Frey's syndrome could not be estimated. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
Clinical Presentations and Complications of Hairy Cell Leukemia; HCL typically presents in middle-aged men, and is characterized by splenomegaly and cytopenias. Hepatomegaly may be present, but it usually is not a salient feature. Peripheral adenopathy is uncommon. Other organ manifestations occur, but are unusual. Patients are now presenting with a less tumor burden, as a result of earlier diagnosis. Leukocytosis/lymphocytosis should suggest HCL variant. Infectious complications, which were common in the past and the major cause of death, have become rare in the era of purine analog therapy. Whether there is a true increased risk for second malignancies remains controversial. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mesenchymal stem cells in iatrogenic facial nerve paralysis: A possible role in the future; Iatrogenic facial nerve paralysis is one of the major and drastic complications of ear surgery. We report a case of a 20-year-old female patient with simple chronic otitis media who underwent mastoidectomy and tympanoplasty. During the mastoidectomy process the facial nerve was unintentionally destroyed, leaving a gap of 8-10 mm in the third segment of the intratemporal facial nerve. The nerve was repaired with a nerve cable graft obtained from the vicinity. On the 42nd day, autologous mesenchymal stem cell transplantation was performed after facial nerve trauma. The patient's facial nerve paralysis has recovered from House-Brackmann grade VI to IV within a week and then to III in the fifth month. The rapid, postoperative progress, and the early follow-up results are discussed. This case represents the first bone marrow stem cell application in a peripheral nerve, namely the facial nerve. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Controversies in building a management algorithm for vestibular schwannomas; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The present review examines the various mainstream treatment options, benefits and risks, and controversies involved in developing a management algorithm for treatment of vestibular schwannoma. RECENT FINDINGS: Advances in microsurgery and radiosurgery have made tremendous contributions to management of vestibular schwannoma; however, considerable controversy still exists. The auditory and facial nerve functional outcomes have improved with use of intraoperative monitoring for vestibular schwannoma removal and with lower radiosurgery doses; however, risks to the facial and auditory nerves still exist. Observing vestibular schwannomas for growth with serial magnetic resonance imaging is an increasingly popular option for small vestibular schwannomas that allows patients to enjoy hearing and facial function. SUMMARY: The risks and benefits of each treatment option must be weighed for each patient, and management decisions regarding vestibular schwannomas should be individualized for each patient depending on tumor anatomy, patient preferences, and symptoms. ©2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Factor V inhibitor: Case report; Acquired inhibitors to coagulation factors are rare, certainly those directed against factor V. A total of around 150 cases have so far been reported, of which the greater part was due to bovine thrombin exposure. We report the case of a patient who developed a factor V inhibitor during a postoperative period. This report describes possible aetiologies, varying clinical conditions and treatment possibilities as described in the literature. Furthermore, this case report is an example of the often unpredictable disease progression in a patient with existence of a factor V inhibitor. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Dose-escalated abarelix in androgen-independent prostate cancer: A phase I study; Follicle-stimulating hormone has been shown to be a mitogen in preclinical models of androgen-independent prostate cancer and abarelix has been previously shown to significantly reduce follicle-stimulating hormone levels in patients when administered monthly. Consequently, we evaluated the safety of more frequent (biweekly) dosing of abarelix and characterized the effect of this dosing schedule on serum follicle-stimulating hormone levels in men with prostate cancer that is progressing despite luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist therapy. Twenty-one patients with prostate cancer progressing on gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist therapy discontinued the gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist and received abarelix-depot 100 mg by intramuscular injection every 2 weeks for up to 12 weeks. Safety profile and effect on serum follicle-stimulating hormone were the primary end-points, while prostate-specific antigen response was a secondary end-point. Abarelix therapy was generally well tolerated. One patient experienced an acute immediate allergic reaction. The mean follicle-stimulating hormone serum concentration declined from 3.5 mIU/ml (95% confidence interval: 2.7-4.3) to 2.0 mIU/ml (95% confidence interval: 1.3-2.6) on day 57 and to 2.0 mIU/ml (95% confidence interval: 0.9-3.0) on day 85 (P=0.008 in a Kruskal-Wallis test), but no patient's follicle-stimulating hormone has reached the lower limit of quantitation (below 0.15 mIU/ml). No patient met criteria for prostate-specific antigen response. At the end of 12 weeks of therapy, three (14.3%) patients had no change in prostate-specific antigen levels on days 57 and 85 compared with baseline. Twelve patients (57%) had stable disease throughout treatment defined as percent change from baseline within -50 to 50% at a given time-point confirmed by a second measurement at least 4 weeks later. Treatment with biweekly abarelix in patients with androgen-independent prostate cancer is feasible with no unexpected toxicity, but fails to completely suppress serum follicle-stimulating hormone levels or produce prostate-specific antigen responses. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Low hepatic cytochrome P450 3A activity is a risk for corticosteroid-induced osteonecrosis; Background: Osteonecrosis of the femoral head (ONFH) is one of the major side effects of corticosteroid therapy. Because corticosteroids are metabolized by hepatic cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A, a low endogenous activity of this enzyme may contribute to the pathogenesis of ONFH. The purpose of this study was to examine the possible association of hepatic CYP3A activity and the susceptibility to ONFH in patients treated with corticosteroids. Methods: In this prospective controlled study we measured the clearance of intravenous midazolam (0.25 mg/kg) to estimate hepatic CYP3A activity in patients with steroid-induced ONFH (n = 26), patients with alcohol-related ONFH (n = 29), and non-ONFH control patients (n = 75) undergoing orthopedic surgery. Midazolam clearance was compared between the groups, and the relationship between the level of hepatic CYP3A activity and the prevalence of ONFH was evaluated by multivariate analysis. Results: Midazolam clearance in patients with steroid-induced ONFH was significantly lower than that in control patients and patients with alcohol-related ONFH (7.7 ± 1.8 mL · kg-1 · min-1 versus 11.4 ± 3.5 mL · kg-1 · min-1 and 10.5 ± 2.8 mL · kg-1 · min-1, respectively; P < .001). Patients with low midazolam clearance (<9.5 mL · kg-1 · min-1) had a 9-fold greater risk for steroid-induced ONFH (adjusted odds ratio, 9.08 [95% confidence interval, 2.79-29.6]; P < .001). Midazolam clearance did not show a significant correlation with the prevalence of alcohol-related ONFH. Conclusions: Low hepatic CYP3A activity may significantly contribute to the risk for steroid-induced ONFH. © 2006 American Society for Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics.
Quantification of facial motion for objective evaluation using a high-speed three-dimensional face measurement system - A pilot study; OBJECTIVE: To estimate asymmetry in normal and pathological facial functions using an established computer generated objective evaluation technique. METHODS: Analysis was performed on three-dimensional (3-D) data captured using a specially designed 3-D face shape measurement system. Six healthy volunteers and six patients with Bell's palsy were analyzed for forced eye closure and grinning actions. The asymmetry was computed at locations that had the greatest effect in each action on both the left and right sides of the face, in reference to a relaxed condition. The patients' data were captured and analyzed repeatedly for a period of three days for an average interval of four weeks, and the results were compared with the Yanagihara scale. RESULTS: The control set of a normal sample exhibited a low standard deviation and a high correlation coefficient in both facial actions, and this contributed to a robust evaluation. The patients showed a higher standard deviation than the healthy subjects because of the larger degree of scatter of the data points in their respective data distributions. During the three clinical examinations, our proposed quantification method produced a continuous grading scheme, as opposed to the discrete scheme of the House-Brackmann grading. CONCLUSION: Our proposed system shows advantages over the existing methods in that it does not rely on reference points nor does it use markers to analyze facial deformation. In addition, our estimations are very robust and accurate because our approach directly evaluates 3-D spatial variations in normal and pathological facial functions. © 2006, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Stability of benefits of mime therapy in sequelae of facial nerve paresis during a 1-year period; OBJECTIVE: To assess the stability of benefits of mime therapy, a modality of physiotherapy for patients with facial nerve paresis, during a period of 1 year. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective follow-up build on a randomized clinical trial in which a treatment group is compared with a control group. SETTING: Physiotherapy outpatient department. PATIENTS: Forty-eight patients with a history of a facial nerve paresis of 9 months or more. INTERVENTION: Mime therapy. METHOD: Sequelae of facial nerve paresis were measured using the same measurement instruments as in the randomized clinical trial-the Sunnybrook and the House-Brackmann (HB) Facial Grading Systems, the lip length and pout indices, a stiffness scale, and the Facial Disability Index. Stability of outcome level and of interpatient differences is analyzed. RESULTS: Of the 46 patients who completed the follow-ups, repeated-measures analyses of covariance revealed no significant differences in the average scores nor significant trends of the posttherapy measurements, except for the pout index and the Facial Disability Index-social. For six sequelae (except HB), 95% of patient-sequel combinations showed immediate improvement after mime therapy, for HB grades this was 74%. Where sequelae improved, the posttherapy individual courses (T2-T3-T4) showed, also for HB, in majority absence of deterioration; benefits obtained were stable. CONCLUSION: Mime therapy is effective in patients with facial nerve paresis and benefits are stable 1 year after therapy. © 2006, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Primary Ewing sarcoma of the petrous temporal bone: An exceptional cause of facial palsy and deafness in a nursling; Background. Primary Ewing sarcoma affecting the skull base in general and the petrous bone in particular is extremely rare with only 4 reports of Ewing sarcoma arising in the petrous temporal bone in the international medical literature. Methods. The authors report for the first time a case of a primary Ewing sarcoma of the petrous temporal bone in a 5-month-old nursling, which became apparent with a complete peripheral facial palsy and ipsilateral surdity. Results. The neoformation was treated by systemic chemotherapy and radiation of the tumor region. The diagnostic steps, therapy, and development of the child are described in detail; the literature concerning Ewing sarcoma originating from the skull in general and from the petrous temporal bone in particular is reviewed. Conclusions. The highlights of this case are an extremely uncommon location, an unusual age of presentation, as well as a unique set of symptoms. © 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Acute motor and sensory axonal neuropathy in Burkitt-like lymphoma; Immune-mediated neuropathies associated with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma are rare and can be difficult to delineate from neuropathies of other etiologies. We report the clinical and pathological findings of a 36-year-old patient with fulminant quadriplegic neuropathy, left facial nerve palsy, and Burkitt-like lymphoma. Features of the neuropathy, which occurred during induction chemotherapy with a total cumulative dose of 4 mg vincristine, suggested axonal Guillain-Barré syndrome. There was no evidence of direct malignant infiltration of the peripheral nervous system. We hypothesize that immune mechanisms triggered by the lymphoma initiated damage to the peripheral nervous system and enhanced its vulnerability to the toxic effects of vincristine. © 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Bell's palsy: A review of treatment using antiviral agents; OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence evaluating the efficacy and safety of antiviral agents to reduce morbidity associated with Bell's palsy. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PubMed were searched (all up to April 2006) for English-language, prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trials that evaluated the use of antiviral agents in Bell's palsy. Search terms included Bell's palsy, acyclovir, valacyclovir, famciclovir, and randomized controlled trials. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Prospective, randomized, controlled trials that evaluated efficacy and safety endpoints of antiviral agents in the treatment of Bell's palsy were included. Primary efficacy outcomes included facial paralysis recovery profile, facial paralysis recovery index, and the House-Brackmann facial nerve grading scale. Safety outcomes were also identified by each trial. DATA SYNTHESIS: Two prospective, randomized clinical trials were included in this review, both involving the use of acyclovir for treatment of Bell's palsy. Acyclovir monotherapy was shown to be inferior to prednisone monotherapy; however, the combination of acyclovir and prednisone was found to be superior to prednisone alone. There are limited data describing the safety of acyclovir in Bell's palsy. CONCLUSIONS: The use of acyclovir in the treatment of Bell's palsy remains controversial. Additional, adequately powered, randomized, placebo-controlled trials are needed to definitively support its use. For the time being, the evidence reviewed in this article would favor the combination of acyclovir and prednisone if commenced within the first 72 hours of symptom onset.
Evaluation of recovery from transient facial palsy following canalplasty and tympanoplasty for the treatment of congenital aural atresia; Objectives: Canalplasty is a surgical procedure of the external auditory canal. In this study we examined anatomic risk factors for facial nerve injury in aural atresia surgery, in addition to facial nerve outcomes and the time course of recovery in patients with facial nerve palsy following atresia surgery. Methods: Transient facial palsy was observed immediately after surgery in 6 of 99 ears (6 of 87 patients) after canalplasty and tympanoplasty for the treatment of congenital aural atresia. We assessed the course of recovery and mean scores using Jahrsdoerfer's grading system. Results: The rate of absence of the stapes and the rate of presence of positional anomalies of the facial nerve were significantly higher among cases with facial palsy, and Jahrsdoerfer total scores were significantly lower among cases with facial palsy. The mean recovery time in 5 cases with a minimum electroneurography value of 0% was 16.2 weeks (range, 14 to 18 weeks). No trends during recovery were detected for the nerve excitability test and R1 components of the blink reflex. Conclusions: The anatomic conditions that cause a predisposition to transient facial palsy include absence of the stapes and the presence of positional anomalies of the facial nerve. Although some patients displayed transient facial palsy after surgery, all patients fully recovered. Mechanisms of facial nerve injury are proposed. © 2006 Annals Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Malignant prolactinoma: Case report and review of the literature; Pituitary carcinomas are extremely rare. In general, the initial clinical, biochemical, and histological characteristics are of minimal utility in distinguishing benign adenomas from pituitary carcinomas. We describe a 63-year-old woman with a macroprolactinoma, who presented with diplopia and blurred vision. This unusual initial presentation and the subsequent aggressive clinical course, with diffuse local and distant intramedulary metastases, prompted us in retrospect to make a detailed analysis of the therapeutic interventions and histology. In addition, we reviewed all available literature on published cases of malignant prolactinoma and detailed their epidemiological, clinical, and histopathological characteristics. In brief, it is postulated that pituitary carcinomas arise from the transformation of initially large, but benign, adenomas. Unusual and/or atypical clinical manifestations appear to occur more frequently. In vivo, the development of dopamine agonist resistance in invasive macroprolactinoma is indicative of malignancy and should prompt the clinician to perform a biopsy of the tumor. For pituitary tumors that exhibit high mitotic activity, increased Ki-67 and/or p53 immunoreactivity, it may be useful to denote these tumors as 'atypical' prolactinomas to raise the possibility of future malignant development. © 2006 Society of the European Journal of Endocrinology.
Bilateral peripheral facial palsy in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection; Neurological complications are important causes of morbidity and mortality in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. They can occur at any stage of the disease and can affect any level of the central or peripheral nervous systems. In the literature, several cases of HIV-associated facial paralysis have been reported; however, bilateral facial paralysis rarely reported. In this paper. we present the first case in Korea, of a bilateral facial palsy occurring as the first clinical manifestation of HIV infection.
Clinical and histopathological results after local chemoembolization of oral and oropharyngeal carcinoma - Comparison with intraarterial chemoperfusion; Purpose: Retrospective analysis of clinical and histopathological results after neoadjuvant intraarterial chemoembolization (iaCE) as compared to intraarterial chemoperfusion (iaCP) in patients with oral and oropharyngeal squamous cell cancer (SCC). Materials and Methods: 289 patients (mean age 60 years, 68% male) with SCC of the oral cavity or the oropharynx (WHO stage I-IV) received (1) neoadjuvant iaCE (n = 103) with a crystalline suspension of cisplatin (150 mg/m2, solution ratio 5 mg cisplatin ad 1 ml NaCl 0.9%, total volume 40-60 ml) or (2) iaCP (n = 186) using high-dose cisplatin infusions (150 mg/m2, 1 mg cisplatin ad 1 ml NaCl 0.9%, 400-500 ml). The decision for iaCE or iaCP was made individually for each patient based on tumor localization and expected vascular supply. Four weeks after local chemotherapy, the treatment response was evaluated according (1) to WHO criteria and (2) to histopathological TNM-grading after tumor resection. Results: The overall treatment response was 72.5% after iaCE and 47% after iaCP (p < 0.001). A stable disease was found in 24% and 48%, respectively, and tumor progression was found in 3% for both modalities. Histopathological examination of resected tumors revealed complete remission in 20% after iaCE and 13% after iaCP. The percentage of complete remissions was highest in local T1 and T2 tumors after iaCE (42.9 versus 22.4% after iaCP, p = 0.031). Local side effects were significantly more frequent after iaCE than after iaCP (p < 0.001), especially in obese patients with extended carcinoma of the oral floor or the tongue base. Conclusion: Compared to iaCP, clinical and histopathological remission rates are significantly higher after iaCE, especially in early stages of local tumor growth. However, in view of the higher risk of regional complications, indication for iaCE should be considered cautiously and its application should be limited to small tumors of the oral floor and the oral tongue. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Neuromyotonia: Clinical profile of twenty cases from northwest India; Objectives: We are presenting 20 cases of the intriguing clinico-electromyographic entity, now considered a potassium channel disorder, Neuromyotonia. Our experience with the clinical manifestations, underlying abnormalities and response to various therapies is documented. Materials and Methods: Patients with diffuse pain or undulating muscle movements, with or without stiffness were sent for electromyographic and further studies. Patients with "neuromyotonic discharges" were included after exclusion of hypocalcaemia. Results: Our cases included 19 males and one female of age group 15 to 52 years, the majority being between 30 to 45 years. Undulating movements were seen in 19, of which two had focal twitching. Muscle stiffness was a complaint in five; pain was the chief presenting complaint of 19, which started in the calf in all. Irritability, insomnia and a peculiar worried pinched face were present in 12 patients. CSF was abnormal with mildly raised protein in eight. Curiously, 11 of these patients had taken ayurvedic treatment for various complaints in the preceding one month. Bell's palsy was associated in four, peripheral neuropathy in two and residual poliomyelitis in two. Electromyographic evidence of spontaneous activity in the form of "neuromyotonic discharges" was seen in all. Antibodies to voltage gated potassium channels was tested in one patient and was positive (titer was 1028 pM). Membrane stabilizers (e.g., phenytoin sodium) in our experience did not provide adequate rapid relief; we tried high-dose intravenous Methylprednisolone in 19 with significant amelioration of complaints. One patient was offered intravenous immunoglobulin, to which he responded. Conclusions: Neuromyotonia is a heterogeneous condition and can present in varied ways including diffuse nonspecific pain. This uncommon condition is potentially treatable and can be picked up with high index of suspicion.
Starting insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes: Twice-daily biphasic insulin aspart 30 plus metformin versus once-daily insulin glargine plus glimepiride; Aim: To compare the efficacy and safety of two analog insulins as starting regimens in insulin-naive Type 2 diabetes patients. Methods: In this randomized, open-label parallel study, twice-daily biphasic insulin aspart 30 (30 % soluble and 70 % protaminated insulin aspart; BIAsp 30) plus metformin (met) was compared with once-daily insulin glargine (glarg) plus glimepiride (glim) in 255 insulin-naive patients (131 male; mean ± SD age, 61.2 ± 9.1 years). Mean baseline HbA1c (± SD) was 9.2 ± 1.4 % and 8.9 ±1.3 % for BIAsp 30 plus met (n = 128) and glarg plus glim (n = 127), respectively (P = 0.0747). Primary endpoint was the difference in absolute change in HbA1c between groups after 26 weeks of treatment. Results: HbA1c change was significantly greater in the BIAsp 30 plus met group than the glarg plus glim group (between-group difference: -0.5 % (95 % CI: -0.8; -0.2); P = 0.0002). Mean prandial plasma glucose increment was significantly lower for BIAsp 30 plus met compared with glarg plus glim: 1.4 ± 1.4 mmol/l vs. 2.2 ± 1.8 mmol/l; P = 0.0002. During the maintenance phase (weeks 6-26), one major hypoglycemic episode occurred in each group; 20.3 % and 9 % of patients experienced minor hypoglycemic episodes in the BIAsp 30 plus met and glarg plus glim groups, respectively (P = 0.0124). At end-of-trial, mean daily insulin doses were 0.40 U/kg BIAsp 30 and 0.39 U/kg glarg. Glarg plus glim-treated patients experienced significant weight gain of 1.5 kg (95 % CI: 0.84; 2.19; P < 0.0001). Weight change with BIAsp 30 plus met of + 0.7 kg was not statistically significant (95 % CI: -0.07; 1.42; P = 0.0762). Conclusions: Starting insulin in Type 2 diabetes patients with twice-daily BIAsp 30 plus met can reduce HbA1c and mean prandial plasma glucose increment to a greater extent than once-daily glarg plus glim. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Highly functional ipsilateral motor control after extensive left hemispheric damage during gestation; In large early cortical lesions, one of the most devastating consequences is the impaired motor dexterity of the contralateral limb. We present the case of an 8-year-old girl with a large left hemispherical porencephaly. Unlike previous reports, the girl exhibited high dexterity of the contralateral hand with preserved independent finger movements. We performed functional MRI of hand motor functions and diffusion tensor imaging, which revealed activation of the ipsilateral motor cortex and absence of a contralateral corticospinal tract. These observations suggest that by intensive training in early life, a complete transhemispheric shift of motor control with high skills can be achieved.
Comparison of the efficacy of prednisolone versus prednisolone and acyclovir in the treatment of Bell's palsy; Objectives: To compare the efficacy of 2 regimens of prednisolone versus prednisolone and acyclovir in the treatment of Bell's palsy. Methods: A retrospective study was performed on 496 Bell's palsy patients attending Yahyanejad Hospital, Babol, Iran from 1995 to 2004, divided in 2 groups. The first group was treated with regimen one (oral prednisolone), and the second group was treated with regimen 2 (oral prednisolone plus oral acyclovir) for 2 weeks. All cases were followed for 6 months. Results: Two hundred and forty-eight cases (108 males, 140 females) were treated with regimen one, and 248 cases (113 males, 135 females), were treated with regimen 2. Both groups had a mean age of 20-39 years. At the end of therapy, the recovery rate with regimen 2 was 95.6% (237 patients), whereas regimen one showed a recovery rate of 91.2% (226 patients) (p=0.047). Conclusion: This study showed acyclovir plus prednisolone to be more effective than prednisolone alone in the treatment of Bell's palsy.
Immune status to polioviruses in the child population of Romania between 2002-2005 as indicated by serological investigation in cases of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) and facial paralysis (FP) and its use as a "national reference value" to evaluate the vaccination coverage in particular groups of healthy children.; Although the European region is polio free since 2002, the risk of importation from endemic regions remains present and a high level of population immunity must be maintained. In Romania during the period 2002-2005, 101 FP cases, 91 AFP cases and 29 healthy contacts (living in groups with low social and sanitary status, relatively low vaccination coverage named "at risk") could have been investigated serologically. Antibody prevalences for poliovirus types 1, 2, and 3 were: 97.2%, 98% and 81.2% for FP cases; 96.7%, 94.5% and 85.7% for AFP cases, and 85.7%, 82.1% and 53% for the group of healthy children at risk. The risk of the emergence and spread of cVDPVs remains present especially in "at risk" groups with the gaps in immunity, even in countries where indigenous wild polioviruses have already been eradicated.
Mime therapy improves facial symmetry in people with long-term facial nerve paresis: A randomised controlled trial; Question: What is the effect of mime therapy on facial symmetry and severity of paresis in people with facial nerve paresis? Design: Randomised controlled trial. Participants: 50 people recruited from the Outpatient department of two metropolitan hospitals with facial nerve paresis for more than nine months. Intervention: The experimental group received three months of mime therapy consisting of massage, relaxation, inhibition of synkinesis, and co-ordination and emotional expression exercises. The control group was placed on a waiting list. Outcome measures: Assessments were made on admission to the trial and three months later by a measurer blinded to group allocation. Facial symmetry was measured using the Sunnybrook Facial Grading System. Severity of paresis was measured using the House-Brackmann Facial Grading System. Results: After three months of mime therapy, the experimental group had improved their facial symmetry by 20.4 points (95% CI 10.4 to 30.4) on the Sunnybrook Facial Grading System compared with the control group. In addition, the experimental group had reduced the severity of their paresis by 0.6 grade (95% CI 0.1 to 1.1) on the House-Brackmann Facial Grading System compared with the control group. These effects were independent of age, sex, and duration of paresis. Conclusion: Mime therapy improves facial symmetry and reduces the severity of paresis in people with facial nerve paresis. © Australian Physiotherapy Association 2006.
Angiographically occult, progressively expanding, giant vertebral artery aneurysm: Case report; Hunterian ligation is a well-known treatment for complex aneurysms not amenable to direct microsurgical clip application. After proximal parent vessel occlusion, cerebral angiography is typically used to confirm aneurysm thrombosis. The authors report on a vertebral artery (VA) aneurysm that had progressively expanded and caused brainstem compression after hunterian ligation, despite nondiagnostic findings on both conventional and computed tomography (CT) angiography at multiple time points. This 64-year-old woman underwent hunterian ligation of a 1.8-cm VA aneurysm at the origin of the right posterior inferior cerebellar artery. An immediately postoperative conventional angiogram and follow-up CT angiograms obtained 5 and 6 years postligation confirmed complete obliteration of the lesion. Nine years after the initial surgery, however, the patient experienced neurological deterioration. Although CTs showed substantial aneurysm enlargement together with pontine compression, angiograms once again demonstrated complete right VA occlusion with no retrograde filling of the aneurysm. On reexploration, the aneurysm was effectively debulked, clipped, and obliterated. Arterial bleeding was found in the lesion neck, as was evidence of microrecanalization. Hunterian ligation for complex aneurysms carries the risk of microrecanalization and lesion expansion despite nondiagnostic angiography. Although this ligation procedure remains a viable treatment option in carefully selected patients, an extended follow-up evaluation period may be required even when imaging suggests aneurysm obliteration.
Central brain herniation secondary to fulminant acute disseminated encephalomyelitis: Implications for neurosurgical management: Case report; Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM), also known as postinfectious encephalomyelitis, is an immunologically mediated demyelinating disorder affecting the central nervous system that typically occurs after infection or vaccination. The prognosis of ADEM is generally favorable. In a small subset of patients with ADEM, however, fulminant cerebral edema requiring neurosurgical intervention will develop. Few recommendations are available to help the neurosurgeon in dealing with such cases. In this report, the authors present the case of a patient with ADEM in whom central brain herniation developed secondary to medically intractable cerebral edema. The authors review the salient features of the disease and suggest a role for neurosurgeons in cases of fulminant ADEM.
A case of meningeal carcinomatosis presenting with the primary symptoms of facial palsy and sensorineural deafness; We report the case of a 59-year-old man with meningeal carcinomatosis (MC) who presented with peripheral facial palsy and progressive sensorineural deafness. The patient had been operated on for gastric cancer 1 year previously, and no metastases had been detected in the retroperitoneum or thorax at follow-up examination 1 year later. However, he developed headache, deafness, and peripheral facial palsy and was referred to us for further evaluation, as magnetic resonance of the head had shown no abnormalities. Ramsay Hunt syndrome was suspected, but no increase in the cerebrospinal fluid cell count was detected. On the other hand, the balance test suggested a central disorder. In addition, the plasma level of carcinoembryonic antigen suddenly increased, suggesting MC. The cerebrospinal fluid was examined several times; in the end malignant cells and an increase in the cell count were detected, and the diagnosis of MC was established.
Vaginal misoprostol administration for cervical ripening and labor induction; Intravaginal misoprostol has been shown to be an effective agent for cervical ripening and induction of labor. Vaginal application of misoprostol has been reported in over 9000 women worldwide and seems to have safety profile similar to that of endocervically and intravaginally administered dinoprostone. Concern arises with the use of higher doses of intravaginal misoprostol (50 mcg or more) and the association with uterine contractile abnormalities and for this reason, use of low-dose misoprostol regimen has been recommended by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. The recommendation is use of a 25-mcg dose of misoprostol inserted into the posterior vaginal fornix and repeated every 3 to 6 hours as needed. Misoprostol administration to women with prior cesarean births seems to increase the likelihood of uterine scar disruption and should not be used in these women. There are reports of uterine rupture in women with unscarred uteri treated with vaginally applied misoprostol. Therefore, all patients need to be monitored adequately after misoprostol administration. Although there is a growing body of data regarding the ambulatory use of intravaginal misoprostol for cervical ripening, its use for this purpose cannot be recommended outside of investigational protocols at this time because of concerns for maternal and neonatal safety. © 2006, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Bilateral facial palsy: Epstein-Barr virus, not Lyme disease; Bilateral facial palsy is frequently linked with lyme disease. We report a patient with bilateral facial palsy due to Epstein-Barr virus infection but with Borrelia burgdorferi IgM in serum caused by polyclonal B-lymphocyte stimulation. © 2006 EFNS.
Aseptic meningitis caused by reactivation of varicella-zoster virus in two immunocompetent patients; Varicella-zoster virus (VZV) may be a more frequent causative factor of aseptic meningitis than previously anticipated. Here we present 2 cases of reactivation of VZV in immunocompetent individuals, resulting in meningitis and affection of multiple cranial nerves, and discuss the incidence, clinical spectrum, pathogenesis, diagnostics and options for treatment.
Modification of tension on muscle insertion improves smile in free-muscle transplantation; A functional free muscle without creation of different vectors and tension adjustment is an insufficient substitute for the mimetic muscles in the reanimation of facial paralysis. Placement of the lower 3 slips of the serratus anterior muscle and their tension adjustment were revised in 2 patients with facial paralysis to provide stronger upper lip movement and coordinated movement of the corner of the mouth superiorly and laterally. The slips were harvested with gradually decreasing lengths and separated from each other on both sides of their common neurovascular pedicle. The 9th slip was oriented at 55 to 60 degrees to the upper lip with the greatest tension. The 8th slip exerted original strength of tension to the modiolus at 45 degrees. The 7th slip was placed horizontally with the least tension. The results were evaluated according to open and closed lip smile and excursion of the modiolus. Stronger upper lip elevation and sufficient elevation of the modiolus with a proper 3-directional movement were demonstrated. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Neurological complications of Herpes zoster; Introduction. Herpes zoster is a disease which occurs secondary to the reactivation of varicella-zoster virus (VZV). Its frequency is high in the general population. State of art. Herpes zoster leads to numerous complications, among which there were neurological peripheral or central lesions. Antiviral treatment must be instituted, particularly if neurological complications develop, as soon as possible. Corticosteroid therapy can be used, especially in Ramsay-Hunt syndrome or central nervous system involvement. Conclusion. Herpes-zoster is a frequent disease which can lead to serious neurological complications. Early treatment is necessary in order to improve functional outcome. © 2006. Elsevier Masson SAS.
Continuous intraoperative facial nerve monitoring in predicting postoperative injury during parotidectomy; OBJECTIVES/HYPOTHESIS: To assess whether the use of continuous intraoperative facial nerve monitoring correlates to postoperative facial nerve injury during parotidectomy. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective analysis. METHODS: Forty-five consecutive parotidectomies were performed using an electromyograph (EMG)-based intraoperative facial nerve monitor. Of those, 37 had complete data for analysis. Intraoperative findings and final interpretation of the EMGs were analyzed by a senior neurologist and neurophysiologist. All patients were analyzed, including those with preoperative weakness and facial nerve sacrifice. RESULTS: The overall incidence of facial paralysis (House-Brackmann scale > 1) was 43% for temporary and 22% for permanent deficits. This includes an 11% incidence of preoperative weakness and 14% with intraoperative sacrifice. An abnormal EMG occurred in only 16% of cases and was not significantly associated with permanent or temporary facial nerve paralysis (χ, P < 1.0; Fisher's exact P < .68). Of the eight patients with permanent paralysis, only two had abnormalities on the facial nerve monitor. Also, only one of five patients with intraoperative sacrifice of the facial nerve had an abnormal EMG. Factors significantly associated with the incidence of facial paralysis include malignancy, advanced age, extent of parotidectomy, and dissection beyond the parotid gland (χ and Fisher's, P < .05). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that abnormalities on the intraoperative continuous facial nerve monitor during parotidectomy do not predict facial nerve injury. The incidence of permanent and temporary facial nerve paralysis compare favorably with the literature given that this study includes patients with revision surgery, intraoperative sacrifice, and preoperative paralysis. Standard of care implications will be discussed. © 2006 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Preservation of facial nerve function after postoperative vasoactive treatment in vestibular schwannoma surgery; OBJECTIVE: Facial nerve paresis and hearing loss are common complications after vestibular schwannoma surgery. Experimental and clinical studies point to a beneficial effect of nimodipine and hydroxyethyl starch for preservation of cochlear nerve function. A retrospective analysis was undertaken to evaluate the effect of vasoactive treatment on facial nerve outcome. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-five patients with vestibular schwannoma removal, intraoperative electromyographic monitoring, and postoperative deterioration of facial nerve function were evaluated. Twenty-five patients underwent vasoactive treatment consisting of nimodipine and hydroxyethyl starch for improvement of hearing outcome. Twenty patients did not receive such treatment. Facial nerve function was evaluated before and after surgery, as well as 1 year after the surgical procedure. Patients were comparable regarding age, tumor size, and preoperative facial nerve function. RESULTS: Long-term results of facial nerve function were significantly improved in those patients who experienced severe postoperative deterioration of facial nerve function and received vasoactive treatment as compared with patients who did not receive nimodipine and hydroxyethyl starch after surgery. Treated patients showed a significantly higher rate of complete recovery compared with patients without treatment. CONCLUSION: The study points to a potential effect of vasoactive treatment for facial nerve function after vestibular schwannoma surgery. In particular, patients with postoperative disfiguring facial nerve palsy clearly benefit from intravenous hydroxyethyl starch and nimodipine with respect to a long-term socially acceptable facial nerve function. Copyright © Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Alternative routes of influenza vaccine delivery; The global emergence of virulent avian influenza and the concomitant raised threat of an influenza pandemic has increased interest in the development of improved influenza vaccines. Whereas conventional influenza vaccines are delivered by parenteral injection, an intranasai influenza vaccine has been marketed since 2003. Many other technologies are in development for intranasal, oral, epidermal and topical influenza vaccines. This editorial summarises the advances in clinical development of technologies for needle-free influenza vaccine delivery. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd.
Hypothyroidism and cerebral infarction: A case report and literature review; Thyroid hormone has been studied in cardiovascular disease but rarely in cerebrovascular disease (CVD). Recently, hypothyroidism has been suggested to be related to risk factors such as atherosclerosis but not directly to CVD. We reported a 52-year-old woman with acute ischemic stroke, and greatly improved general conditions after thyroid hormone replacement. Hypothyroidism is reported to be one of the causes of hypertension or elevated cholesterol levels, the established risk factors of CVD. Further studies of the possible association of thyroid hormone and CVD are warranted. Thyroid hormone might need to be surveyed in CVD patients especially if there are symptoms and signs of thyroid disorders.
Smile reconstruction in adults with free muscle transfer innervated by the masseter motor nerve: effectiveness and cerebral adaptation; BACKGROUND: This study assesses the ability of the masseter motor nerve-innervated microneurovascular muscle transfer to produce an effective smile in adult patients with bilateral and unilateral facial paralysis. METHODS: The operation consists of a one-stage microneurovascular transfer of a portion of the gracilis muscle that is innervated with the masseter motor nerve. The muscle is inserted into the cheek and attached to the mouth to produce a smile. The outcomes assessed were the amount of movement of the transferred muscle; the aesthetic quality of the smile; the control, use, and spontaneity of the smile; and the functional effects on eating, drinking, and speech. The study included 27 patients aged 16 to 61 years who received 45 muscle transfers. RESULTS: All 45 muscle transfers developed movement. The commissure movement averaged 13.0 ± 4.7 mm at an angle of 47 ± 15 degrees above the horizontal, and the mid upper lip movement averaged 8.3 ± 3.0 mm at 42 ± 17 degrees. Age did not affect the amount of movement. Patients older than 50 years had the same amount of movement as patients younger than 26 years (p = 0.605). Ninety-six percent of patients were satisfied with their smile. CONCLUSIONS: A spontaneous smile, the ability to smile without thinking about it, occurred routinely in 59 percent and occasionally in 29 percent of patients. Eighty-five percent of patients learned to smile without biting. Age did not affect the degree of spontaneity of smiling or the patient's ability to smile without biting. Copyright ©2006 by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons.
Complications of keratosis obturans; Three patients with extensive keratosis obturans were treated during a 12-month period. One presented with an idiopathic sensorineural hearing loss and was found to have keratosis obturans in the contralateral, asymptomatic ear. The disease process had resulted in a horizontal semicircular canal fistula in what was now, effectively, the only hearing ear. The second patient had an extensive dehiscence of the tegmen tympani. The third presented with a facial palsy. An automastoidectomy cavity was present, with circumferential skeletonization of the descending facial nerve over a length of 1.5 cm and dehiscence of the temporomandibular joint and jugular bulb. All three patients were successfully treated by surgical formalization of their automastoidectomy cavities. They appeared to represent cases of keratosis obturans rather than external auditory canal cholesteatoma, on the basis of previously published reports. These complications and patterns of bone erosion have not previously been described in keratosis obturans. The third patient is believed to have the most extensive case of keratosis obturans yet described. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Delayed facial nerve palsy following tympano-mastoid surgery: Incidence, aetiology and prognosis; Objective: To establish the frequency of occurrence of delayed facial nerve paralysis following tympano-mastoid surgery in our department and to determine the aetiological factors and long term prognosis. Setting: Tertiary care academic centre. Materials and methods: A retrospective review of all patients who had undergone tympano-mastoid surgery in our department over the previous five years was carried out. A total of 219 patients were included in the study. Only two patients were identified as having delayed onset facial nerve palsy over this period of time. The patients' medical records were reviewed and the patients clinically assessed. Results: The frequency of delayed onset facial nerve palsy following tympano-mastoid surgery in our series was 0.91 per cent. Facial weakness set in on day eight and day 14 in the two patients. Serological investigations in both patients revealed raised titres of immunoglobulin (Ig) M and IgG to varicella-zoster virus, confirming the presence of varicella-zoster infection. In our experience, the combined use of prednisone and acyclovir was an effective form of treatment for both patients, whose facial nerve function fully recovered within six months of onset. Conclusion: The incidence of delayed facial nerve palsy following tympano-mastoid surgery is low. It can occur up to two weeks after the surgery. Our two cases confirm viral reactivation to be an important aetiological factor in the development of delayed onset facial nerve palsy. The overall prognosis for delayed facial nerve palsy following tympano-mastoid surgery appears to be good. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Familial systemic amyloidosis associated with bilateral sensorineural hearing loss and bilateral facial palsies; The Finnish type of familial amyloid polyneuropathy due to variant gelsolin is a rare form of familial amyloidosis. The subtype was first described in 1969 and is characterized by progressive cranial neuropathies, corneal lattice dystrophy and distal sensorimotor dysfunction. It is extremely uncommon, with only two families known to be affected in the UK. We discuss the case of a 70-year-old woman who presented with bilateral facial nerve palsies, bilateral sensorineural hearing loss and Finnish type familial hereditary amyloidosis. A literature search of the Medline database (1966-2005) was performed, using the keywords 'amyloid', 'hearing loss' and 'facial palsy'; however, this association appears to be a novel finding. We review the current literature and discuss otorhinolaryngological presentations of amyloidosis. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Changes in corneal topography with upper eyelid gold weight implants; PURPOSE: To determine the effect of upper eyelid gold weight implantation on corneal astigmatism. METHODS: This is a prospective, cohort study. Eighteen eyes of 18 patients underwent upper eyelid gold weight implantation for facial nerve palsy. Nine of these patients recovered facial nerve function and underwent elective removal of the gold weight. Corneal topography was performed before and after gold weight implantation. Corneal topography was also performed after gold weight removal in patients who recovered from facial nerve paralysis. RESULTS: With-the-rule corneal astigmatism increased significantly by 1.4 diopters (D) ±2.0, from a mean of 0.3 to 1.7 D after gold weight implantation (p = 0.034). With-the-rule corneal astigmatism in patients who had gold weight removal decreased by 1.2 ± 2.1 D, from 2.2 to 1.0 D after gold weight removal (p = 0.136). CONCLUSIONS: Upper eyelid gold weight implantation causes an increase in corneal astigmatism, predominantly in the vertical axis, which appears to be reversible on removal of the gold weight. ©2006 The American Society of Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Inc.
Correction official paralysis with butulinum toxin and polypropyline thread of lifting; The authors tell a case of facial paralysis after surgical treatment of melanoma, led with butulinum toxin and polypropyline thread of lifting. © Copyright Moreira Jr. Editora. Todos os direitos reservados.
A man with scrotal edema since 3 years; We describe a 41-year-old man with genital edema and swelling of several years' duration. We were able to make the diagnosis of a Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, which may present as genital swelling.
Pediatric acute otitis media and complications; Acute otitis media is one of the most frequent infections in children. Complications are rare, therefore it is advisable for children under 6 months of age to adopt an expectant attitude during 48 to 72 hours. If the evolution of the pathology is unfavorable during or after this delay, an antibiotic treatment has to be instaured. The age of the child, the severity of clinical signs and the evolution have to be considered before deciding antibiotic therapy.
Unilateral sudden deafness as a primary symptom of brainstem and cerebellar infarction; We report a case with a unilateral sudden sensorineural hearing loss caused by an infarction of brainstem and cerebellum. The patient was a 74-year-old male presented with a sudden onset of hearing loss and tinnitus in the right ear and dizziness. Steroid was administered on suspicion of idiopathic sudden deafness. However, the initial symptoms were deteriorated approximately 2 weeks later. He newly complained of the numbness of the right face and double vision, and he was transferred to our hospital for further evaluation. Neurological examination demonstrated horizontal nystagmus, diminution in the right facial sensation, right peripheral facial palsy, right hearing loss and cerebellar ataxia. Urgent MRI disclosed fresh infarctions of the right middle cerebellar peduncle and cerebellum localized in the territory of anterior inferior cerebellar artery. In general, idiopathic sudden deafness and Meniers's disease are frequent diagnosis in cases of sudden hearing loss with vertigo, but these symptoms may rarely be caused by cerebrovascular disorder. In patients with risk factors for arteriosclerosis, cerebrovascular disorder should be taken into consideration even if idiopathic sudden deafness may be suspected clinically. We emphasize the diagnostic importance of careful observation on neurological findings and early detection of radiological abnormalities on MRI.
A case of Bell's palsy associated with peginterferon Alfa-2a and ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C virus infection; Pegylated interferon alfa-2a (PEG-IFN) and ribavirin combination therapy is the first line treatment for chronic HCV infection. There are four reports of Bell's palsy associated with interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) and ribavirin therapy. We report here a case of Bell's palsy that occurred in a patient with chronic HCV infection during combination PEG-IFN and ribavirin therapy. The patient was 49-year-old man with chronic hepatitis C for 2 years. The liver biopsy showed grade 1 and stage 1. Therapy with PEG-IFN (Pegasys) 180 microgram/week and ribavirin 1200 mg/day was initiated. After 3 weeks of treatment, the patient showed a loss of muscular tone on the left side of his face. A diagnosis of Bell's palsy was made, and the PEG-IFN and ribavirin therapy was stopped. Prednisolone 45 mg/d was given and then tapered for 8 weeks. His palsy improved over 6 weeks.
Opportunity for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis with acupuncture and moxibustion; Objective: To probe into the opportunity for acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of peripheral facial paralysis. Data Sources: A computer-based online research of Chinese papers about opportunity for acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of peripheral facial paralysis published from January 1994 to May 2006 was conducted for 5 times in CNKI with the key words of "Peripheral facial paralysis" and "acupuncture and moxibustion" combined with "opportunity", "stages", "acute stage","rehabilitation stage","residual stage"respectively. Study Selection: Papers about opportunity for acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of peripheral facial paralysis were selected in the first searching. Inclusive criteria: 1 Research on acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of peripheral facial paralysis. 2 Research on comparison in peripheral facial paralysis among different stages. 3 Viewpoints of acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of peripheral facial paralysis in different stage. Data Extraction: Over 173 literatures were screened, and a total of 28 studies were involved in the analysis of results. Data Synthesis: Twenty-eight papers mainly represented that the therapy of acupuncture and moxibustion should be applied in treating peripheral facial paralysis of acute stage as soon as possible. The acupuncture in acute stage should be performed as less acupoints, light excitation and short time of retention in treatment by combining with TDP or moxibustion without electroacupuncture or light-stimulation electroacupuncture. While in the rehabilitation stage, deep insertation, strong manipulation, more acupoints and penetration acupuncture or electroacupuncture should be adopted. Tonifying method, strong excitation and exsanguination of collaterals in region were performed in residual stage. Conclusion: The clinical effect on peripheral facial paralysis will be enhanced by using acupuncture and moxibustion therapy corresponding to the different stage of the disease.
A monosymptomatic Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome in an 8 years old boy; Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome (MRS) is a systemic neuro-mucocutaneous granulomatous disease, characterized in its classical form by a triad of recurrent facial nerve paralysis, swelling of the lips and lingua plicata. However, this classical triad is rarely present, while the monosymptomatic or oligosymptomatic forms are more frequent. The presence of two or one of the manifestations mentioned above, with granulomatous cheilitis in the biopsy, is sufficient to make the diagnosis of monosymptomatic or oligosymptomatic form of MRS. This syndrome is very rare in childhood, instead, it is more frequent in young adults between the second and third decades of life. We present the case of an 8 years old boy who was brought to us because of a non painful swelling of the upper lip, associated with gingival hypertrophy, that had persisted for more than two months. Given the negative results of the hemato-chemical and instrumental assessments, we performed an upper lip biopsy whose histological study showed granulomatous cheilitis. We diagnosed this case as a monosymptomatic MRS and administered an intralesional steroid therapy using triamcinolone, with complete recovery. © Mattioli 1885.
Internal carotid artery occlusion associated with Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection in a child; We describe a seven-year-old girl with severe pneumonia probably associated with Mycoplasma pneumoniae who developed right-sided hemiparalysis and right central facial paralysis soon after the onset of the disease. Cerebral magnetic resonance imaging revealed left corpus striatum acute infarction and magnetic resonance angiography demonstrated left internal carotid artery occlusion. She also had positive antiphospholipid and anticardiolipin antibodies and increased fibrinogen and D-dimer levels.
Adverse side-effects to biological agents; Biological agents-like cytokines, monoclonal antibodies and fusion proteins are widely used in anti-inflammatory and tumour therapy. They are highly efficient in certain diseases, but can cause a great variety of adverse side-effects. Based on the peculiar features of biological agents a new classification of these adverse side-effects of biological agents is proposed - related but clearly distinct from the classification of side-effects observed with chemicals and drugs. This classification differentiates five distinct types, namely clinical reactions because of high cytokine levels (type α), hypersensitivity because of an immune reaction against the biological agent (β), immune or cytokine imbalance syndromes (γ), symptoms because of cross-reactivity (δ) and symptoms not directly affecting the immune system (ε). This classification could help to better deal with the clinical features of these side-effects, to identify possible individual and general risk factors and to direct research in this novel area of medicine. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2006.
Functional outcome after gamma knife treatment in vestibular schwannoma; Radiosurgery (RS) is a noninvasive, ambulatory special neurosurgical procedure for the treatment of vestibular schwannoma (VS). We treated 123 patients with unilateral schwannomas between 1994 and 2000 at the gamma knife (GK) center in Munich using a primary stereotactic procedure. These patients were followed up until June 2004 in respect to audiological, neurological, neurootological and radiological features before and after radiosurgical intervention. The actual tumor control rate of 8.2 years (mean) after GK surgery for all patients and a single treatment was calculated to be 96.7%. The impairment of hearing was on average 18% after GK, ranking from 0% gain of hearing loss up to 90%. Facial nerve function, graded according to the House-Brackmann scale, deteriorated in none of the patients; 5.8% reported a trigeminal neuralgia. Tinnitus developed in 4.1% of the patients after RS; 13.3% had vertigo for the first time after the treatment, age apparently being a predisposing factor. Radiosurgical treatment for VS is an alternative to microsurgery (MS). It is associated with a lower rate of facial and trigeminal neuropathy, postoperative complications and hospital stay. The hearing preservation rate is equivalent to MS. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Frequency and prognosis of delayed facial palsy after microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm; Background. Microvascular decompression (MVD) for hemifacial spasm (HFS) provides a long-term cure rate. Delayed facial palsy (DFP) is not an unusual complication, but it has only been sporadically described in the literature. The purpose of this report is to evaluate the incidence of delayed facial palsy after MVD and its clinical course and final results. Methods. From January, 1998 to April, 2004, 410 patients underwent microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm at our Institute. During this time, 21 patients (5.4%) developed delayed facial weakness; eighteen of them were given steroid medication and they were followed up in the out-patient clinic. Findings. Twenty-one patients developed DFP after microvascular decompression an incidence of 5.4%. There were seventeen women (81.0%) among the 21 patients with DFP who were included in this study. In twenty of them, the symptoms of HFS improved completely after the operation, but the spasm remained with one of them. The onset of palsy occurred between postoperative day 7 and 23 (average: 12.1 days). The palsy was at least Grade II or worse on the House-Brackmann (HB) scale. The time to recovery averaged 5.7 weeks (range: 25 days-17 weeks); 20 patients improved to complete recovery and 1 patient remained with minimal weakness, as Grade II on the HB scale, at the follow-up examination. Conclusion. Our findings demonstrated that the incidence of DFP was not so low as has been reported the literature, and it did not have any striking predisposing factors. Even though the degree of facial palsy was variable, almost all patients exhibited a complete recovery without any further special treatment. The etiology of DFP and its association with herpes infection should be further clarified. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Advances in facial reanimation; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Facial paralysis often has a significant emotional impact on patients. Along with the myriad of new surgical techniques in managing facial paralysis comes the challenge of selecting the most effective procedure for the patient. This review delineates common surgical techniques and reviews state-of-the-art techniques. RECENT FINDINGS: The options for dynamic reanimation of the paralyzed face must be examined in the context of several patient factors, including age, overall health, and patient desires. The best functional results are obtained with direct facial nerve anastomosis and interpositional nerve grafts. In long-standing facial paralysis, temporalis muscle transfer gives a dependable and quick result. Microvascular free tissue transfer is a reliable technique with reanimation potential whose results continue to improve as microsurgical expertise increases. Postoperative results can be improved with ancillary soft tissue procedures, as well as botulinum toxin. SUMMARY: The paper provides an overview of recent advances in facial reanimation, including preoperative assessment, surgical reconstruction options, and postoperative management. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Revision Facial Nerve Surgery; The preoperative evaluation for either revision facial nerve surgery or long-standing facial paralysis is far from comprehensive and typically is limited to an EMG assessment. The EMG can determine if fibrillation potentials are present; however, these do not necessarily indicate the degree of muscle viability. To the best of the authors' knowledge, no scientific correlation exists between EMG fibrillation potentials and either the degree of muscle atrophy, or the potential for a successful outcome of dynamic reanimation procedures. Clearly, controlled, double-blinded longitudinal study of chronic facial denervation and correlation with longitudinal EMG studies in the same cohort is needed. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bell's palsy associated with linezolid therapy: Case report and review of neuropathic adverse events; Bell's palsy is one of the most common neurologic disorders affecting the seventh cranial nerve. Several disease states have been associated with facial paralysis. Drugs, however, have been rarely implicated as an etiology. We describe a 49-year-old man who developed peripheral facial paralysis after 3 weeks of linezolid therapy, along with recurrence of symptoms on rechallenge. He had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and a longstanding history of bilateral diabetes-related foot problems. After hospitalization, debridement, and vancomycin therapy for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus osteomyelitis, the patient was discharged to home with oral linezolid therapy. On day 23 of linezolid therapy, he developed signs and symptoms that were consistent with Bell's palsy. Linezolid was discontinued; the Bell's palsy gradually improved, with complete resolution occurring at month 3. On rechallenge with linezolid for recurrent osteomyelitis, the patient developed a second episode of Bell's palsy within a similar time frame as in the first episode. Assessment of causality using the Naranjo adverse drug reaction probability scale revealed a probable relationship between this adverse drug event and linezolid therapy. Clinicians should be aware that Bell's palsy may be another neuropathic adverse effect associated with linezolid.
Multimodality approach to management of the paralyzed face; OBJECTIVES: Despite the ability of facial reanimation techniques to introduce meaningful movement to the paralyzed face, dynamic methods do not address all zones of the face. Our objective was to retrospectively review outcomes after multimodality management of the patient with facial paralysis, to describe several novel surgical methods that introduce subtle improvements in static facial balance, and to present an algorithm for comprehensive management of the paralyzed face. METHODS/RESULTS: Three hundred thirty-seven patients with facial paralysis were seen and treated in a busy facial nerve center setting over a 3-year period using a range of standard muscle transfers, physical therapy, chemodenervation with botulinum toxin, and static surgical techniques. Three adjunct techniques emerged as novel and useful procedures that more fully addressed facial balance issues than existing techniques. Of patients proceeding with physical therapy, greater than 80% of patients experienced a benefit, and 97% of those who proceeded with botulinum toxin therapy experienced a benefit. CONCLUSIONS: Facial paralysis is best managed using a multimodality approach that includes surgical interventions, physical therapy, and chemodeneveration. We describe three adjunctive surgical techniques for management of the paralyzed face and present a comprehensive algorithm for management of the paralyzed face. That may provide improved function and cosmesis in all zones of the paralyzed face. © 2006 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Multiple cranial nerve palsies associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Although isolated cranial nerve palsies are common in patients with diabetes mellitus, multiple simultaneous cranial neuropathies are rare. We report a 48-year-old man, a known case of diabetes mellitus, who presented with facial palsy, foot drop and painful ophthalmoplegia of the left eye. The initial differential diagnosis included diabetic polyneuropathy, septic cavernous sinus thrombosis, mucormycosis and the Tolosa Hunt syndrome. Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging findings were consistent with those of the Tolosa Hunt syndrome. The patient had a remarkable complete resolution of his ophthalmoplegia after four weeks of steroid treatment, with repeat MR imaging showing resolution of the initial changes.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa otitis media and interna in a chinchilla ranch; Pseudomonas aeruginosa has been associated with conjunctivitis, enteritis, pneumonia, septicemia, sudden death, and abortion in chinchillas. This case report describes an unusual clinical presentation and diagnosis of P. aeruginosa otitis media and interna with neurologic manifestations. To our knowledge, this clinical presentation has not been reported previously in chinchillas.
A phase I study of intravenous TZT-1027 administered on day 1 and day 8 of a three-weekly cycle in combination with carboplatin given on day 1 alone in patients with advanced solid tumours; Background: TZT-1027 is a tubulin-binding drug and synthetic derivative of dolastatin-10 with cytotoxic and antivascular activity in vitro and in vivo. Studies have demonstrated anti-tumour activity in several tumour types. Methods: Patients were treated with escalating doses of TZT-1027 and carboplatin at doses from 1.6 to 2.0 mg/mm2 and AUC 4 and 5 respectively. For pharmacokinetic analysis, plasma sampling was done during the first course using a high-performance liquid chromatographic assay. Results: 14 patients received a total of 55 cycles at three dose levels. Dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) were first observed with 1.6mg/mm2 TZT-1027 and carboplatin AUC 5; 1 patient had grade 4 neutropenia and a delay in day 8 treatment occurred in two patients (gr 2 fatigue, gr 3 diarrhoea). At TZT-1027 2 mg/mm2 and carboplatin AUC 5, one patient experienced grade 3 paralytic ileus. The most frequent toxicities were neutropenia, anaemia, fatigue, constipation, infection and vomiting. Peripheral neuropathy was reported in 36% of patients. One patient (pancreatic adenocarcinoma) achieved a partial response lasting 181 days. Pharmacokinetic analysis did not demonstrate any interaction between TZT-1027 and carboplatin. Conclusions: The recommended phase II dose is TZT-1027 1.6mg/m2 and carboplatin AUC 5. No evidence of a PK interaction between these agents was observed. © 2006 Oxford University Press.
Mona Lisa syndrome: Idiopathic facial paralysis during pregnancy; Mona Lisa has been pregnant shortly before the famous painting of Leonardo da Vinci was created (1503-1506). Recently, it has been speculated that Mona Lisas famous smile is caused by facial muscle contracture and/or synkinesis after Bell's palsy with incomplete nerval regeneration. During pregnancy the incidence of Bell's palsy is increased up to 3.3 times compared to nonpregnant women. The etiology, associated factors as well as various treatment options aiming at the prevention of associated complications and improving recovery of facial nerve function have intensively been evaluated over the past three decades. However, the preferred mode of therapy management, particularly in pregnant women, remains undecided. Corticosteroids may be beneficial if they are applied after the first trimester. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Facial nerve decompression; Facial nerve palsy is usually managed conservatively, but in some cases may require surgical intervention. In cases in which the continuity of the nerve is not disrupted, decompression is the procedure of choice. No reports were found in the literature addressing this group separately. We report the results of 33 facial nerve decompressions conducted in the Sheba Medical Center through the years 1985-2002. Fifteen of our patients were operated on using the middle cranial fossa approach, 12 underwent mastoidectomy and 6 were treated using the combined middle cranial fossa - mastoidectomy approach. Twenty-four (72.7%) underwent surgery for temporal bone fracture and the rest (27.3%) due to other reasons (iatrogenic injury, infection). The postoperative results were determined using the House-Brackmann (HB) scale. Patients who were operated on more than 30 days after complete palsy achieved better results than those operated on earlier than 30 days. The total average HB score was 3.2. The followup results are significantly worse in patients after less than 3 months, as compared to those with 3 to 12 months followup. On the basis of our experience, facial nerve decompression achieves good functional results. We found no advantage in early vs. late intervention with regard to results. The final results can be determined only a year after surgery.
[Decompression and monitor of facial nerve during cholesteatoma surgery in petrous part of temporal bone].; To study the application of facial nerve monitoring and to estimate the therapeutic effectiveness of the total decompression of facial nerve during the surgery for cholesteatoma in petrous bone by middle cranial fossa-mastoid process approach. Eight cases who suffered from chronic suppurative otitis media (cholesteatoma type) in petrous bone were treated with open technique, three other cholesteatoma cases whose tympanic membranes were intact was treated with close technique. Monitoring for facial nerve integrity during operation was applied. Total decompression of facial nerve was performed in all patients. House-Brackmann grading system was used to evaluated the recovery of facial nerve function. Facial paralysis recovered gradually during the period of 3 to 6 months after operation. After 6 to 12 months follow-up in 11 cases, 1 case regained basically normal status, 9 cases recovered to mild facial paralysis and 1 case still needed further follow-up. There was no recurrence of cholesteatoma in all patients. Middle cranial fossa-mastoid process combining approach technique is effective for cholesteatoma in petrous bone and total decompression of facial nerve at the same stage. Nerve monitor is helpful in orientating facial nerve during operation and in preventing possible damage to the facial nerve.
Two unusual cases of dental (periapical) infection; Cutaneous sinus tracts of dental origin are often a diagnostic challenge. A delay in correct diagnosis can result in inappropriate treatments. We describe two unusual cases of periapical infection. The first patient presented with a fistulized tumoral mass under the chin present for 1 year. The patient had only one tooth, and that was anatomically unrelated to the tumor. Radiological examination showed a dormant tooth that was infected periapically. The second case was a man who complained of asymmetry and change in his left nasolabial fold of 4-5 week's duration. On examination, the nasolabial folds were asymmetric without any sign of facial palsy. On intraoral examination, there was a severely decayed tooth on the same side. Radiological survey confirmed periapical infection. A few weeks after proper treatment, the nasolabial folds became symmetric. © 2006 Dermatology Online Journal.
Lyme disease: Questions and discussion; Diagnosis of Lyme disease is problematic and results in both overtreatment and mistreatment. Attention to epidemiology and physical findings will prevent inappropriate investigations and therapies. The disease has tropisms for specific tissues, and medical care should be tailored to the site and severity of infection. © Copyright 2006 by ASCMS All rights of any nature whatsoever reserved.
Results of 13 hypoglosso-facial anastomoses; Background and purpose: Facial nerve paralysis significantly decreases the quality of life in patients after skull base tumors surgery. There are different options for surgical repair of the nerve. One of the most effective methods is the anastomosis of the distal trunk of the facial nerve with the proximal trunk of the hypoglossal nerve or with hypoglossal loop. Material and methods: Thirteen hypoglosso-facial anastomoses had been performed in our department between 1999 and 2003. In all patients the facial nerve paralysis was due to the surgery in its proximity. In one case the patient suffered from petroclival chordoma, in one case ameloblastoma, one was with petroclival meningioma and the rest of cases were after vestibular schwannoma. The follow-up period lasted from 6 months to three years. The final result was expressed in House-Brackmann scale (HB) describing facial muscle strength. Results: In two cases there was no improvement (HB 6), in two cases barely perceptible motion (HB 5), in five obvious weekness with disfiguring assymetry (HB 4) and in four obvious but not disfiguring dysfunction (HB 3). There was only one postoperative complication haematoma at the place of anastomosis requiring evacuation. Conclusion: Hypoglosso-facial anastomosis remains one of the most important techniques of the reanimation of the paralysed face. Its efficacy is limited, but it is a relatively safe procedure.
Endocrine assessment, molecular characterization and treatment of growth hormone insensitivity disorders; Advances in the diagnosis and treatment of growth hormone insensitivity disorders have occurred in the past 15 years. We discuss the current status of endocrine and molecular evaluation, focusing on the pediatric age range. All the identified mutations of the growth hormone receptor are included. Treatment with recombinant human insulin-like growth factor (rhIGF) 1 in classical cases is summarized and new targets for treatment are discussed, together with therapy using the complex formed between rhIGF1 and rhIGF-binding protein 3. ©2006 Nature Publishing Group.
Bilateral facial paralysis: Case presentation and discussion of differential diagnosis; Bilateral facial paralysis is a rare condition and therefore represents a diagnostic challenge. We report the case of a 34-year-old healthy woman with sequential bilateral facial paralysis as a sole manifestation of sarcoidosis. She initially presented with an isolated left sided Bell's palsy without any symptoms to suggest alternative diagnoses. Within a month there was progression to peripheral facial paresis on the contra lateral side, prompting a diagnosis of Lyme disease. Her physical examination and chest x-ray did not reveal any clinical evidence of sarcoidosis. After failing to respond to an empiric trial of intravenous ceftriaxone for a presumptive diagnosis of Lyme disease, computed tomography scan of the chest was ordered which demonstrated bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy. Bronchoscopic biopsy confirmed a diagnosis of sarcoidosis. The patient then made a complete recovery on steroid therapy. We discuss the differential diagnosis of facial diplegia and focus on the clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment of neurosarcoidosis.
Surgical treatment of benign parotid gland tumors; The goal of surgical treatment for benign parotid gland tumors is to remove the mass completely without causing facial nerve palsy. In recent years, limited parotidectomy is becoming a new standard procedure for benign tumors, replacing superficial parotidectomy, and excellent results equal to the old procedure are being reported. This study evaluates the postoperative results of 59 benign parotid tumors treated surgically between 1991 and 2001, then determined whether limited parotidectomy can become the new standard of surgical management for benign parotid tumor. In 39 of the 59 patients, we investigated the frequency of local recurrence, Prey's syndrome and facial palsy. The histopathological diagnosis was pleomorphic adenoma in 17, Warthin's tumor in 15 and miscellaneous tumor including cyst, lymphoepithelial lesion or other lesions in 7, respectively. Twenty-one patients underwent partial parotidectomy, 10 enucleation and 8 superficial parotidectomy, respectively. The postoperative follow-up duration ranged from 3 to 14 years with an average of 7.54 years. According to the results of this follow-up study, there was no recurrence with each surgical procedure. Frey's syndrome did not occur in any patient after partial parotidectomy compared to that in 3 patients (37.5%) after superficial parotidectomy. Four patients (19.0%) temporarily experienced in some degree of facial nerve weakness after partial parotidectomy. From these results, partial parotidectomy is thought to be a new trend in the surgical treatment of benign parotid tumor.
Embolic internal auditory artery infarction from vertebral artery dissection; A 51-year-old man developed sudden vertigo, right hearing loss and dysphagia. Examination revealed right Horner syndrome, spontaneous torsional-horizontal nystagmus, right central type facial palsy, dysarthria, reduced soft palate elevation without gag reflex, left hypesthesia, right dysmetria and imbalance. Audiometry and bithermal caloric tests documented right sensorineural hearing loss and canal paresis. Brain MRI and cerebral angiography documented right lateral medullary infarction from vertebral artery dissection, without involvement of other parts of the brainstem supplied by the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA). This case suggests artery-to-artery embolism as a possible mechanism of isolated vertigo or hearing loss from labyrinthine infarction. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Spontaneous recovery in a case of Miller-Fisher syndrome presenting as polyneuritis cranialis; Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), or acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (AIDP), is typically characterised by rapidly evolving areflexic motor weakness. Miller-Fisher syndrome (MFS) is a rare varian t of GBS characterised by the triad of opthalmoplegia, ataxia, and areflexia. Unlike GBS, MFS has an excellent prognosis; hence early clinical recognition may save the patient from costly therapy. © NZMA.
Surgical management of extracranial internal carotid aneurysms by cervical approach; Background: Extracranial internal carotid artery aneurysms (EICAA) are rare vascular problems with a great potential for lethal thromboembolic episodes. Methods: From 1994 to 2004, nine patients with EICAA, seven men and two women, were surgically treated for 10 aneurysms in our department. Aneurysm led to hemispheric symptoms in six cases (two hemispheric strokes and four hemispheric transient ischaemic attacks). The cause was fibrodysplasia in two cases, atherosclerosis in four cases, trauma in two cases and spontaneous dissection in two cases. All aneurysms were treated surgically by the cervical approach using shunting. Extended cervical approach was necessary in four patients with high-lying aneurysms. Nine aneurysms were totally resected and successful revascularization was carried out. Open aneurysmorrhaphy with vein patch angioplasty was carried out in one case of a saccular aneurysm. Results: There were no perioperative deaths or transient ischaemic attacks or strokes. Four patients developed cranial nerve deficits: one had hoarsness, two had partial facial paralysis (patients with extended cervical approach) and one had tongue deviation. These neurological symptoms were observed in large aneurysms (>4.5 cm) and disappeared within 14 months. No neurological complication was observed in a follow up that ranged from 6 months to 10 years. Conclusions: Surgical repair of EICAA, especially with total resection and arterial reconstruction, is strongly recommended. Extended cervical approach has many technical difficulties but can allow treatment of high-lying aneurysms. © 2006 Royal Australasian College of Surgeons.
Diagnosis and management of aggressive, acquired cholesteatoma with skull base and calvarial involvement: a report of 3 cases; A prospective case review of 3 patients treated at a tertiary referral center from 1997 to 2002 are presented. Three men, age 30 to 68 (mean, 45) years, were treated for acquired cholesteatoma with skull base invasion. Two patients had no prior otological surgery, and 1 was detected after 4 prior mastoid procedures. One presented with progressive unilateral facial palsy, 1 with otorrhea, and 1 with temporal mass above a modified radical mastoidectomy cavity. All 3 patients were treated with single-staged canal wall-down mastoidectomy. Patients were followed up with otoscopy and neuroimaging from 40 to 61 months. Two patients had no recurrence of cholesteatoma, and 1 had squamous debris in the mastoid cavity removed in the outpatient clinic. One had complete ipsilateral facial nerve paralysis preoperatively and recovered to House-Brackmann grade III within 1 year of surgery. Patient 1 had labyrinthine involvement before surgery and had ipsilateral anacusis after resection and repair. No other complications occurred. Initial presentation, workup, surgical challenges, disease follow-up, facial nerve function, hearing results, and complications are reported.
Supportive care of facial nerve palsy with temporary external eyelid weights; Background: Patients with facial nerve palsy can have many ocular complications. Lagophthalmos, or poor eyelid closure, and loss of blink secondary to lack of nerve supply to the orbicularis oculi, can lead to exposure keratopathy, corneal breakdown, ulcers, and even perforation. Management of patients should be directed toward the severity of ocular findings and ranges from supportive care to surgical reanimation and soft tissue repositioning. Patients with facial nerve palsy who present at earlier stages can benefit from conservative treatment. Use of temporary external eyelid weights can help restore a functional blink mechanism and prevent corneal decompensation. Case report: A 29-year-old patient with lagophthalmos secondary to left facial nerve palsy after surgical excision of an acoustic neuroma was treated with a temporary external eyelid weight. Conclusion: Temporary external eyelid weights are part of the armamentarium in the supportive care of patients with lagophthalmos and exposure keratopathy secondary to facial nerve palsy. They are most useful in patients who have temporary paralysis or as a bridge until further surgery can be performed. © 2006 American Optometric Association.
Posttraumatic acute bilateral abducens nerve palsy in a child; Introduction: Acute bilateral abducens nerve palsy after traumatic clivus epidural haematoma is a rare condition in trauma patients. Case report: In this report, we present a case with this rare neurological complication of head trauma and discuss the possible mechanisms for abducens nerve palsy and clival epidural haematoma. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Managing bell's palsy; Each year in the UK, around 1 in 5,000 people develop Bell's palsy - a unilateral lower motor neurone facial weakness of rapid onset that can be physically and psychologically disabling. While around 71% of patients recover normal function of the facial muscles without treatment, 13% are left with slight weakness and 16% with moderate to severe weakness resulting in major facial dysfunction. People who recover usually do so quickly, with 85% of them reporting some improvement in the first 3 weeks. There is longstanding controversy about what, if any, treatment should be initiated for Bell's palsy. Here we discuss the management of patients with this condition.
Post-traumatic hemifacial spasm; We report an early-onset post-traumatic hemifacial spasm and discuss possible aetiology. A 20-year-old man was admitted to our hospital for observation because of an injury to the right frontotemporal region, resulting in drowsiness. On the second day in hospital, he developed peripheral paresis of the facial nerve on the right, followed by hemifacial spasm on the same side. He improved after corticosteroid treatment, and was discharged one week later almost completely recovered. The neuroradiology and clinical response suggest that the patient's hemifacial spasm was due to hyperexcitability of the facial nerve nucleus induced by a haematoma in the lower central pons. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Peripheral facial palsy as the first symptom of a metastatic bronchogenic carcinoma; Background: We present a case of a facial palsy as the initial symptom of a bronchogenic carcinoma. Methods: Case-Report. A 56-year-old patient presented with a peripheral facial palsy. The clinical picture as well as the temporal bone CT were without pathological findings. A 10-day rheologic therapy as well as antiviral medication were not successful. Five days after rheological therapy had been completed, the patient presented a swelling of the neck. In the computer tomography we found a bilateral thrombosis of the internal jugular vein. In addition, the clinical picture of a left-sided glossopharyngeal palsy appeared. The following thorax CT as well as the diagnostic extirpation of an enlarged cervical lymph node lead to the diagnosis of a metastasized smallcell neuro-endocrine bronchogenic carcinoma with a compression of the right primary bronchus and the vena cava superior as well as an upper inflow congestion. In the cMRT we furthermore found a metastasis in the area of the foramen stylomastoideum. The patient underwent emergency radiation and chemotherapy. Results: According to the present findings, this metastasis lead to the facial palsy as the initial symptom of the bronchogenic carcinoma. Conclusion: Therefore, therapieresistent facial palsy should be further diagnosed in detail, especially examined by imaging procedures. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
'Outlook': A psychological service for children with a different appearance; 'Outlook' is a unit within North Bristol Trust which has been developing a psychosocial service for children, young people and adults with a different appearance resulting from congenital abnormalities such as cleft lip and palate and also burns and other forms of trauma. This study presents data collected from 29 children aged between 5 and 16 who received individual therapeutic interventions. The baseline assessment included a semistructured interview schedule, visual analogue scales and the CBCL (Achenbach, 1991) to provide the parents' view of their children's behaviour profile. Measures were repeated post intervention and at 6 months follow-up. The intervention consisted of four sessions of cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) including social skills and problem-solving components. Statistical analyses revealed significant outcomes on a range of measures. At 6 months follow-up children reported a reduction in the frequency of teasing and in the degree of distress it caused both in the classroom and in the playground. Parents reported reductions in their children's' somatizing behaviour and levels of anxiety. These outcomes suggest that this approach represents an effective therapy for children with appearance-related psychological problems. Copyright © 2006 SAGE Publications.
Levamisole-induced multifocal inflammatory leukoencephalopathy: Clinical characteristics, outcome, and impact of treatment in 31 patients; Levamisole (LEV) has been used as an immunomodulating medication in patients with recurrent aphthous ulcers and as an adjuvant for chemotherapy. LEV, with or without 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), induces multifocal inflammatory leukoencephalopathy (MIL). We identified 31 patients with LEV-induced MIL: 7 from our institution and 24 from a MEDLINE search. Twenty-one patients (67.7%) had been treated with a combination of LEV and 5-FU, while 10 patients had been treated with LEV alone. The onset of MIL was delayed in patients who took LEV and 5-FU in combination compared with the patients treated with LEV alone (11.7 ± 3.7 vs. 4 ± 2.5 wk, p < 0.001). Colon cancer (67.7%) was the most common indication for LEV administration. Gait ataxia occurred in 20 (64.5%) patients, and dysphagia was noted in 16 (51.6%) patients. Imaging studies revealed periventricular enhancement in 17 (54.8%) patients and supratentorial lesions in 16 (51.6%) patients. Cerebrospinal fluid studies showed lymphocytic pleocytosis in 10 of 21 (47.6%) patients. Early diagnosis of MIL and discontinuation of LEV is essential, yielding good recovery in most cases. Treatment with corticosteroids and/or intravenous immunoglobulin may be needed for this serious inflammatory encephalopathy. Twenty-nine patients exhibited improved clinical status and imaging findings after initial steroid or immunoglobulin treatment. Plasmapheresis may be an alternative regimen for patients with steroid resistance. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Convection-enhanced delivery in the treatment of malignant glioma; Despite advancements in glioma therapy, median survival remains low because of rapid post-resection recurrence. A regional method of drug delivery to address local invasion may improve clinical outcomes. Convection-enhanced delivery (CED) is a novel therapy that allows distribution of substances throughout the interstitium via positive-pressure infusion. Studies using various agents have investigated the parameters that affect CED including infusion rate, cannula size, infusion volume, extracellular space, particle characteristics and tumor tissue structure. We review models of small animal glioma that have been successfully treated using different substances administered through CED, particularly our favorable results using topotecan in a C6 rat glioma model. We also review Phase I/II trials utilizing CED which have shown promising response rates and acceptable safety profiles. Future studies should include prospective clinical trials and investigation of novel antitumor agents that are ineffective with systemic delivery. Development of a large animal glioma model would enhance pre-clinical investigation of CED. Clinically, methods to monitor distribution of therapeutic agents and real-time patient response should likewise be explored. © 2006 W. S. Maney & Son Ltd.
A novel antiganglioside specificity against terminal NeuNAc(alfa 2-3)Gal in acute bulbar palsy; We describe a patient with acute oropharyngeal-facial diplegia, tongue palsy and albuminocytological dissociation following upper respiratory tract infection. Electrophysiological abnormalities in blink reflex suggested a brainstem lesion. High titers of anti-GM3, GD1a and GT1b IgG class serum antibodies were initially detected. Absorption studies indicated that antibodies were directed to a common terminal epitope NeuNAc(alfa 2-3)Gal. This novel antiganglioside antibody specificity may play a role in this unusual regional form of acute bulbar palsy of possible central origin. These data are supportive for extending the panel of antiganglioside specificities with anti-GM3. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Facial-hypoglossal nerve anastomosis using laser nerve welding; The aim of this study is to compare laser nerve welding to microsurgical suturing of hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis (HFA), and a result of immediate to delayed repair, and to evaluate the effect of laser nerve welding on HFA for reanimation of facial palsy. The first group of five rats underwent immediate HFA by microsurgical suturing and the second group of five rats by CO2 laser welding. The third group of five rats underwent delayed HFA by microsurgical suturing, and the fourth group of five rats by laser nerve welding. The fifth group of five rats served as controls, with intact hypoglossal and facial nerve. In all rats of the four different treatment groups, cholera toxin B subunit (CTb) was injected in the epineurium distal to the anastomosis site on the postoperative 6th week and in the normal hypoglossal nerve in the five rats of the control group. Neurons labeled CTb of hypoglossal nuclei were positive immunohistochemically, and the numbers were counted. In the immediate HFA groups, CTb-positive neurons were 751 ± 247 in the laser welding group (n = 5) and 888 ± 60 in the microsurgical suturing group (n = 5). There was no significant difference (P = 0.117). In the delayed HFA groups, CTb-positive neurons were 749 ± 54 in the laser welding group (n = 5) and 590 ± 169 in the microsurgical suturing group (n = 5). The difference was not significant (P = 0.116). There was no significant difference between immediate and delayed anastomosis in the laser welding group (P = 0.600), but there was significance between immediate and delayed anastomosis in the microsurgical suturing group (P = 0.009). Injected CTb in intact hypoglossal neurons (n = 5) were labeled 1,003 ± 52. No dehiscence in the laser welding site of nerve anastomosis was seen at the time of re-exploration for injection of CTb in all 10 rats. This study shows that the regeneration of anastomosed hypoglossal-facial nerve was affected similarly by laser welding and microsurgical suturing, and more effective, especially in delayed repair. Copyright © 2006 Mutaz B. Habal, MD.
Therapeutic choice for craniofacial venous malformations; Even though the precise mechanisms related to venous malformation are still unclear, the clinical manifestations sometimes threaten vital signs such as mastication, airway and phonics. Our therapeutic modalities were reviewed, and their effectiveness and related complications were analyzed.Between March, 1998 and February, 2006, 11 patients (15-59 years old; average 32.4 ± 13.60, 4 women and 7 men) with craniofacial venous malformation were included in this investigation. All cases experienced some kind of surgery at least once during clinical follow-up. Direct puncture scintigraphy with technetium-99m Sn colloid-labeled demonstrated low-flow malformations in all cases. Two cases underwent bone surgery and another two cases had static suspensions for facial nerve paralysis. Blood loss from surgery alone was 1352 ± 1115.0 mL, simultaneous procedures yielded 400 ± 244.9 mL blood loss and sclerotherapy alone resulted in 187 ± 284.8 mL of blood loss (surgery alone versus sclerotherapy alone, P < 0.01). Excellent sclerotherapy cases were when the malformation was localized and the number of sclerotherapies was significantly fewer than good cases (1.3 ± 0.58 times versus 3.6 ± 1.15 times, excellent, good, respectively, P < 0.05).Although there are difficulties in understanding the mechanisms and multiple therapeutic interventions are required, there have been satisfactory outcomes so far and the development of better sclerosants or a real-time navigation system may benefit more precise therapeutic effects and lower morbidity. Copyright © 2006 Mutaz B. Habal, MD.
Cranial nerve palsies due to skull base metastases in patients with prostate cancer: A report of two cases; Two patients with prostate cancer showed cranial nerve palsies due to skull base metastases. Case 1: A 64-year-old man had prostate cancer (T4 N0 M1, Gleason score 7, prostate-specific antigen [PSA] level 372 ng/mL) with multiple bone metastases. Seventy-seven months after initiation of therapy, he had an articulation disorder and palsy of the left side of the tongue, with 12th cranial nerve palsy. Case 2: A 75-year-old man had a prostate cancer (T3b N0 M1, Gleason score 7, PSA level 177 ng/mL) with multiple bone metastases. Sixty-six months after initiation of therapy, he had hearing loss, noise in the right ear, and dizziness, with 8th cranial nerve deficits. Magnetic resonance imaging showed low intensity in the clivus in both cases, and all over the skull in case 2. The first patient was treated with radiation therapy and intravenous steroids at an early date. His symptoms improved.
Cerebrovascular disease and varicella in children; Varicella-associated stroke has been reported with increasing frequency in recent years. In many cases, diagnosis is difficult because of the late onset of manifestations after the acute infectious episode. Four cases of cerebrovascular disease after varicella infection were observed. Three children presented hemiparesis and one facial paresis. The neuroradiological findings comprised stenosis/occlusion of middle cerebral artery or nucleo capsular signal alteration. Because, several pathogenetic mechanisms have been proposed as the cause of stroke, the relationship between prothrombotic conditions, antipospholipid antibodies and stroke in these patients is discussed. The difficulty in defining the pathogenesis of the ischemic episode is related to problems in the choice of antithrombotic treatment, which is still not standardized and must be decided on individual basis. In the event of rapid onset of stroke after exanthem high dose antiviral therapy seems to be justified. On the basis of our experience and of literature data on varicella-associated stroke, we recommend that VZV infection be taken into account in every episode of stroke in children. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Unilateral Anterior uveitis in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: A case report; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is an uncommon granulomatous condition characterized by persistent or recurrent orofacial oedema, relapsing facial paralysis and fissured tongue. We report here a case of MRS with the classical triad of signs accompanied by unilateral anterior uveitis. A 35-year-old man with a fissured tongue, recurrent facial palsy and orofacial oedema presented with a 3-month history of conjunctival redness and decreased vision in the right eye. On evaluation of visual acuity, the patient was only able to count fingers. Slit lamp examination revealed severe conjunctival injection, cells and flare, posterior synechiae and keratic precipitates. Examination of the left eye revealed no evidence of inflammation. Examination of the other systems was normal. The patient was treated with topical corticosteroids and cycloplegics and the visual acuity improved to 7/10. To our knowledge, there are no previous reports of an association between uveitis and MRS. Copyright © 2006 Cambridge Medical Publications.
Traumatic facial paralysis; Facial paralysis is not uncommon in patients with severe craneofacial trauma. Sometimes is difficult to make an accurate diagnosis and locate the lesion. In this paper we review the problem from both the ethiological and the mechanism point of view responsible of the neural lesion. We make some practical considerations in evaluating and diagnosing the facial paralysis. We also describe the different treatment modalities and surgical indications.
Nocturnal sedation in a child with facial ulceration; Mostly, herpes zoster affects adults and therefore childhood presentation can represent a diagnostic challenge. Childhood herpes zoster, when it occurs, can also be associated with peripheral nerve complications, as illustrated by this case. A 3-year-old child who had herpes zoster developed a nasolabial scar resulting in a shallow non-healing ulcer from being repeatedly picked. Healing was only achieved after nocturnal sedation, with chloral hydrate. © Blackwell Publishing Ltd and Medicalhelplines.com Inc 2006.
Profile of new cases of childhood leprosy in a hospital setting; A hospital-based prospective study was carried out to assess the frequency of occurrence of leprosy in childhood. Out of 800 patients registered for leprosy, 67 (8.4%) were children aged 4-14 years, The male-to-female ratio was 2.5:1. Family history of leprosy was found in 14.9% of cases. The commonest type of leprosy was BT leprosy (35.8%), followed by BB leprosy (25.4%) and BL leprosy (19.4%). More than half of the patients had more than one lesion. Nerve involvement was noted in 70.1% of cases. Slit-skin smear was positive in 46.3% of cases. Out of 67 children, PB and MB regimens were given to 29 and 38 respectively.
Lepromatous leprosy with bilateral facial nerve palsy and hyperthyroidism; Bilateral lagophthalmos secondary to facial nerve is extremely uncommon. Further, the aetiology in most of these cases is of central origin unlike the peripheral involvement in leprosy. A patient of lepromatous leprosy (LL) may be euthyroid or hypothyroid on account of leprous involvement of the thyroid gland. A case of LL with bilateral lagophthalmos and hyperthyroidism is reported.
Safety, immunogenicity and efficacy of influenza vaccine in children; Objectives: To review the immunogenicity, safety and efficacy of inactivated and attenuated trivalent influenza vaccines in children. Sources of data: Database search of the medical literature indexed on MEDLINE, LILACS and in the Cochrane Library. Review articles, clinical trials and epidemiological studies published from 1990 to 2006 were selected for analysis. Summary of the findings: Influenza is an infectious disease that is both universal and seasonal, with incidence in all age groups and annual epidemics characterized by excessive morbidity and mortality. The elderly and people with comorbidity are high risk groups for severe influenza. It has recently been proven that healthy infants suffer similar morbidity to other risk groups, and therefore vaccination against influenza is indicated for them too, as being the most effective means of preventing infection by the influenza virus. The safety of influenza vaccines in children appears adequate, with the most often observed adverse effects being local reactions or fever. Immunogenicity in children varies from 30 to 90%, being directly proportional to age. Efficacy depends on the primary objective and can range from levels comparable with placebo to up to 91% efficacy against confirmed influenza A infection. Schoolchildren play an important role in the dissemination of the influenza virus, and population studies have demonstrated herd immunity. Conclusions: Trivalent influenza vaccines, whether inactivated or attenuated, have low reactogenicity and offer variable immunogenicity and efficacy in children. Vaccination is effective for prevention of infections by the influenza virus and for reducing morbidity. More powerful studies of efficacy and safety in infants are still required. Copyright © 2006 by Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria.
Varicella-zoster virus encephalitis in a patient undergoing unrelated cord blood transplantation for myelodysplastic syndrome-overt leukemia; Varicella-zoster virus (VZV) infection of the central nervous system (CNS) is rare after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (SCT). Here, we describe the first patient who developed VZV encephalitis after cord blood transplantation (CBT). A 35-year-old man with myelodysplastic syndrome-overt leukemia underwent CBT. On day +23, a neutrophil count consistently greater than 0.5 " 109/L was achieved. On day +42, 1 mg/kg per day of prednisolone therapy was initiated for grade III acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD). Then, the dose of prednisolone was slowly reduced. For exacerbation of chronic GVHD, the dose of prednisolone was again increased to 1 mg/kg per day on day +231. On day +265, localized cutaneous zoster in the left thoracic region occurred, but soon resolved after acyclovir therapy. On day +309, he suddenly developed diplopia. Subsequently, right facial palsy and hearing impairment occurred. No skin rash was observed. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans revealed multifocal abnormal high-signal intensity in the CNS. A high level of VZV DNA was detected in a cerebrospinal fluid specimen. He was diagnosed with VZV encephalitis. Acyclovir was given intravenously for 40 days. Four months after the onset, the neurologic symptoms had incompletely resolved. MRI scans showed substantial resolution but with mild residual lesions. The present report indicates that VZV should be considered as a possible causative agent in patients who develop multifocal neurologic symptoms of the CNS after SCT. ©2006 The Japanese Society of Hematology.
Facial nerve paralysis following mandibular trauma: a case report.; A strong posteriorly directed force applied to the mandible resulting in fracture, can also displace the mandibular condyle towards the external auditory canal or superiorly against the mandibular fossa, causing its penetration into the middle cranial fossa or even the fracture of the temporal bone. We report the case of a 30-year-old male patient victim of a bicycle accident that developed facial expression muscles paralysis on the left side soon after the trauma. On physical examination he presented left side postauricular ecchymosis, diminished muscular tonus of the left mouth angle and difficulty to close the left eye, he did not present clinical signs of facial fractures. The neurological and CT scan examination revealed fracture of the left temporal bone with total facial expression muscles paralysis. The patient was referred to the neurosurgical team for evaluation and they opted for a conservative treatment. After 3 months the patient showed a marked improvement with almost normal facial expression muscle movements. The trauma dynamics and treatment details are discussed.
Cerebral toxoplasmosis in HIV/AIDS: A case report; This is a case of HIV infection with cerebral toxoplasmosis. Cerebral toxoplasmosis isan AIDS-related infection and is one of the causes of CNS mass lesions in AIDS. A 36-year-old male was admitted at Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital (KATH) for a week. He had focal seizures for which he was treated as an "epileptic" with herbal preparations. A computerized tomography (CT) head scan revealed the characteristic scan findings in CNS toxoplasmosis.
Microsurgical facial nerve decompression for hemifacial spasm; PURPOSE: The results of a series of 8 patients with hemifacial spasm (HFS), treated with microsurgical vascular decompression (MVD) are reported. METHOD: A magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain was performed in all patients prior to surgery. The presence of arterial hypertension (HT) was noted. MVD was performed through a retromastoid approach, and Gortex® was interposed between the nerve and the conflicting vessel. RESULTS: The offending vessels found were : the antero-inferior cerebellar artery in 50% of the cases, the postero-inferior cerebellar artery in 25% and the vertebral artery in 25%. These findings were positively correlated with MRI in only 50% of cases. The surgical results were the following : total and immediate relief in 62.5% of cases, delayed relief in 25%, and partial relief in 12.5%. Neither failure, nor recurrence were noted. In terms of complications, two cases of persisting hearing loss, one case of transient hearing loss, and two cases of persisting facial palsy. Hypertension improved in 20% of cases. CONCLUSION: This study shows the success of MVD in the treatment of HFS. Intraoperative monitoring is helpful in reducing the complication rate. In our practice, the correlation between MRI findings and surgery was poor, as opposed to the results found in literature.
Optimal extent of resection in vestibular schwannoma surgery: Relationship to recurrence and facial nerve preservation; Surgical treatment of vestibular schwannoma is targeted at complete removal with preserved neurological function. Complete removal may cause significant deficits, whereas subtotal tumor removal is associated with a high recurrence rate. The present study assessed the risk of tumor recurrence and postoperative facial nerve function in relation to the extent of surgical resection by reviewing the clinical records and radiological findings of 116 patients with vestibular schwannoma treated between 1990 and 1999. The extent of resection was classified as follows: gross total resection (GTR), near total resection (NTR), and subtotal resection (STR). Facial nerve function was graded using the modified House-Brackmann grade, and patients grouped into good (grades 1-2) and intermediate or poor (grades 3-6). Of the 116 patients, 26 (22%) underwent GTR, 32 (28%) NTR, and 58 (50%) STR. The recurrence rates were 3.8% (1/26 cases), 9.4% (3/32), and 27.6% (16/58) for GTR, NTR, and STR, respectively. GTR and NTR showed no statistically significant difference in terms of recurrence rate (p = 0.620). However, recurrence was significantly less after NTR than STR (p = 0.043). Immediately postoperative facial nerve function was good in 15.4% of patients after GTR, 40.6% after NTR, and 46.6% after STR. The STR and NTR carried a lower risk of facial nerve palsy than GTR in the immediately postoperative stage (p = 0.006 and 0.036, respectively). Nevertheless, no statistical significance was observed in extent of resection and postoperative facial nerve outcome between the groups at last follow up (p = 0.227). GTR is the ideal surgical treatment for vestibular schwannoma, but NTR is a good option, with better facial nerve function preservation than GTR without significantly increasing the risk of recurrence.
Benign angiopathy of the central nervous system associated with phenytoin intoxication; We report a patient with epilepsy who presented with acute onset of left hemiparesis associated with phenytoin intoxication due to interaction with clobazam. Magnetic resonance angiography of the head revealed stenosis of the M2 segment of the right middle cerebral artery, whereas an erythrocyte sedimentation rate and cerebrospinal fluid analysis were normal, being consistent with a diagnosis of benign angiopathy of the central nervous system. The patient exhibited an elevated plasma level of thrombin-antithrombin III complex along with a marginally increased plasma concentration of soluble E-selectin. The present case suggests that phenytoin intoxication can cause cerebral vasospasm, which may be associated with some inflammatory endothelial injury accompanied by activated intravascular coagulation. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Sister Mary Joseph's nodule as the first presenting sign of primary fallopian tube adenocarcinoma; Umbilical metastasis (Sister Mary Joseph's nodule) is often the first sign of intraabdominal and/or pelvic carcinoma. We describe the fourth case reported in the literature of Sister Mary Joseph's nodule originating from fallopian tube carcinoma. In a 54-year-old woman, Sister Mary Joseph's nodule was unexpectedly detected during umbilical hernia repair. Subsequent laparoscopy revealed a 2-cm friable tumor located at the fimbriated end of right fallopian tube and 1-cm peritoneal implant in the pouch of Douglas. Laparoscopic bilateral adnexectomy and resection of the peritoneal implant were performed. Because frozen section examination revealed fallopian tube carcinoma, the procedure was continued with laparotomy including total abdominal hysterectomy, omentectomy, and pelvic lymph node sampling. Final diagnosis was stage IIIB fallopian tube carcinoma. The patient received postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy with single-agent carboplatin and has remained alive and with no evidence of disease. It is concluded that in cases of Sister Mary Joseph's nodule, laparoscopy can be a useful tool in the search of the primary tumor in the abdomen and/or pelvis. Laparoscopy can provide crucial information with respect to the location, size, and feasibility of optimal surgical resection of the intraabdominal and/or pelvic tumors. © 2006 AAGL.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with diffuse facial swelling and multiple cranial nerve palsies; We report an unusual case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome presenting as diffuse facial swelling with facial, glossopharyngeal and vagus nerve palsies. A skin biopsy revealed non-caseating epithelioid cell granulomas throughout the dermis. The disease responded poorly to systemic steroids, antihistamines, antibiotics and potassium iodide. © 2006 Japanese Dermatological Association.
The PedsQL in pediatric cerebral palsy: Reliability, validity, and sensitivity of the Generic Core Scales and Cerebral Palsy Module; This investigation determined the measurement properties of the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) 3.0 Cerebral Palsy (CP) Module. PedsQL 4.0 Generic Core Scales and 3.0 CP Module were administered to 245 families. Mean age of the 134 males and 107 females was 8 years 1 month (SD 4y 4mo; range 2-18y). The sample included children with hemiplegia (n=55), diplegia (n=84), and quadriplegia (n=85). Twenty eight children had a Gross Motor Function Classification System classification at Level I, 40 at Level II, 86 at Level III, 43 at Level IV, and 37 at Level V. Reliability was demonstrated for the PedsQL 4.0 (α=0.86 child, 0.89 parent) and CP Module (α=0.79 child, 0.91 parent). The PedsQL 4.0 distinguished between healthy children and children with CP. Construct validity of the CP Module was supported. Sensitivity of the PedsQL was demonstrated among children with different diagnostic categories and gross motor function.
Facial nerve palsy - An unusual complication after evacuation of a subdural haematoma or hygroma in children; Objective: This paper reports and discusses on the possible etiology of postoperative contralateral facial nerve palsy after uneventful evacuation of a subdural haematoma or hygroma after mild head trauma in two children with pre-existing middle cranial fossa subarachnoid cysts. Results: Two 14- and 15-year-old boys had prolonged headaches after mild head injuries. CT showed a right-sided middle cranial fossa arachnoid cyst in each patient. In one patient, an ipsilateral subdural haematoma was identified, and in the other, bilateral hygromas were identified. Exacerbation of symptoms required emergency evacuation of the subdural haematoma in the first child, and bilateral external drainage of the hygroma in the other child. In both children the late postoperative period was complicated by peripheral facial nerve palsies contralateral to the arachnoid cyst. Conclusion: Facial nerve palsy may be a complication of hygroma or haematoma drainage. The etiology is not clear; traction of the facial nerve due to displacement of the brainstem may be the most likely explanation. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Characteristics of facial nerve palsy during childhood in Japan: Frequency of varicella-zoster virus association; Background: The aim of this study was to clarify the clinical characteristics of facial nerve palsy and the frequency of varicella-zoster virus association in Japanese children, retrospectively. Methods: The subjects were 30 facial nerve palsy patients less than 15 years old, treated in the Department of Pediatrics, Kawasaki Medical School Hospital, Okayama, Japan, during the last 10 years. Results: The male/female and right/left ratios were 16/14 and 16/13, respectively. The patients included 21 cases (70%) of Bell's palsy, four cases (13%) due to otitis media, three cases (10%) of Ramsay Hunt syndrome and two cases (7%) due to birth trauma. There were six cases of zoster sine herpete among the Bell's palsy cases. Conclusion: Varicella-zoster virus-associated facial palsy was found in nine (36%) of the 25 patients examined. Zoster sine herpete was more frequently encountered in children than adults. Ramsay Hunt syndrome was found in school-age children and zoster sine herpete was often found in preschool children. The period of recovery was fast for facial nerve palsy due to acute otitis media, which occurred within 23 months of age, after myringotomy and administration of antibiotics.
Twenty-four weeks of interferon α-2b in combination with ribavirin for Japanese hepatitis C patients: Sufficient treatment period for patients with genotype 2 but not for patients with genotype 1; Background: Hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA titer and HCV genotype are two major determinants of the outcome of interferon (IFN) monotherapy. To clarify the usefulness of combination therapy with IFN and ribavirin in Japanese hepatitis C patients, we treated patients with a relatively high dose of IFN in combination with ribavirin for 24 weeks and examined the effects in relation to the viral parameters. Methods: Two hundred and ninety-five patients were enrolled in the study. The patients received either 6 or 10 million units (MU) of interferon α-2b every day for 2 weeks and then three times a week for 22 weeks with a daily dose of either 600 or 800mg of ribavirin. The treatment response and safety of this treatment were examined. Results: The sustained virologic response (SVR) rates were 26.8% in genotype 1 and 76.5% in genotype 2 (P < 0.001), and 36.1% with the 6MU group and 45.8% with the 10MU group (P = 0.09). Multivariate analysis indicated that SVR was associated with genotype 2, HCV RNA <500 kilointernational unit/ml (kIU/ml), and HCV RNA undetectability at week 8 of treatment. Conclusion: Our current study showed that a 24-week course of IFN plus ribavirin combination therapy was effective with respect to virologic response in Japanese hepatitis C patients, particularly in patients with HCV genotype 2. © 2006 The Authors. Journal compilation 2006 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Three cases of Ramsay Hunt syndrome in children; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is rare among children. It has been reported that the frequency of this syndrome among all of the pediatric facial paresis cases is 0.5-10.5% in infants and toddler and 3.7-24.4% in school-age-children, respectively. Although prognosis of this syndrome in children is better than that in adults, the treatment is still controversial. We obtained satisfactory results in the treatment of three cases of Ramsay Hunt syndrome in children by administeration of acyclovir and predonisolone.
Facial Paralysis as a Presenting Symptom of Leukemia; Facial paralysis may occur as a complication of central nervous system leukemias in children, but it is rarely a presenting symptom. This report describes an 8-month-old child who presented with peripheral facial palsy, failure to thrive, anemia, and otitis media. Antibiotic and steroid treatment led to an improvement in the clinical condition, but not the paralysis. At readmission 3 weeks later, physical examination revealed bluish, firm, palpable masses on the scalp and facial areas, and laboratory and imaging studies confirmed the diagnosis of acute myeloid leukemia. This case should alert physicians to consider hematologic malignancies in children with facial paralysis. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Subtemporal-preauricular approach in the management of infratemporal and nasopharyngeal tumours; Objectives: To evaluate the indication, advantages, and results of the subtemporal-preauricular approach in the resection of tumours arising in the infratemporal fossa and related structures of the lateral cranial base. Design: Retrospective analysis of patients treated by the subtemporal-preauricular approach to resect nasopharyngeal and infratemporal tumours. Setting: Tertiary hospital. Methods: Forty patients with lateral skull base lesions were managed with the subtemporal-preauricular approach. There were 19 benign lesions and 21 malignant tumours, the most common being nasopharyngeal carcinomas, juvenile angiofibromas, and adenoid-cystic carcinomas. Most of the tumours were at an advanced stage, with skull base involvement in 13 benign tumours and in 14 malignant ones. Results: Major complications occurred in 6 (14%) patients, and there were 2 (5%) postoperative deaths. All 19 patients with benign tumours are alive, although 5 of them (26%) presented with residual or recurrent disease. The 5-year estimated survival rate of the 21 patients with malignant neoplasms was 39%. Conclusions: The subtemporal-preauricular approach is a safe and versatile approach to the infratemporal fossa and neighbouring areas of the lateral cranial base, offering satisfactory oncologic results in the absence of intracranial involvement.
Cerebrospinal fluid cytology to aid the diagnosis of cerebellopontine angle tumors; OBJECTIVE: To determine if cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cytology can be useful in the workup of patients with internal auditory canal/cerebellopontine angle (IAC/CPA) tumors and facial paralysis to diagnose metastatic disease before surgical intervention. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective case series. SETTING: Tertiary referral center. PATIENTS: Patients who presented with or developed facial paralysis and IAC/CPA tumors. OUTCOME MEASURE: Lumbar puncture and CSF cytological analysis. RESULTS: Seven patients presented with or developed high-grade facial paralysis (greater than House-Brackmann Grade II). In the first patient, excision of the tumor revealed adenocarcinoma. All subsequent patients were evaluated with CSF cytological analysis. In five of these patients, cytological CSF analysis revealed malignant cells, suggesting a diagnosis of a metastatic lesion rather than acoustic neuroma. Primary neoplasms were identified in all but one of these patients. A sixth patient had metastatic breast cancer, but negative CSF cytology and a stable CPA tumor after radiation treatment. Two patients who were being conservatively followed up for their IAC/CPA tumor developed a nonprogressive but persistent mild Grade II facial weakness and underwent CSF analysis which tested negative. One patient had surgical resection with pathologic findings consistent with a typical acoustic schwannoma, and the other patient has been conservatively followed up without change. CONCLUSION: Our experience suggests that patients presenting with IAC/CPA tumors and progressive facial paralysis of House-Brackmann Grade III or greater should have a CSF cytological examination before surgical intervention to evaluate for a malignant process. © 2006, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Albumin-bound paclitaxel: A next-generation taxane; Taxanes are standard treatment for metastatic breast cancer; however, the solvents used as vehicles in these formulations cause severe toxicities. The FDA recently approved a solvent-free formulation of paclitaxel for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer that utilises 130-nanometer albumin-bound (nab™) technology (Abraxane®; nab-paclitaxel) to circumvent the requirement for solvents. nab-Paclitaxel utilises the natural properties of albumin to reversibly bind paclitaxel, transport it across the endothelial cell and concentrate it in areas of tumour. The proposed mechanism of drug delivery involves, in part, glycoprotein 60-mediated enclothelial cell transcytosis of paclitaxel-bound albumin and accumulation in the area of tumour by albumin binding to SPARC (secreted protein, acidic and rich in cysteine). Clinical studies have shown that nab-paclitaxel is significantly more effective than paclitaxel formulated as Cremophor® EL (CrEL, Taxol®, CrEL-paclitaxel), with almost double the response rate, increased time to disease progression and increased survival in second-line patients. The absence of CrEL from the formulation is associated with decreased neutropenia and rapid improvement of peripheral neuropathy with nab-paclitaxel, compared with CrEL-paclitaxel. For these reasons, nab-paclitaxel can be administered using higher doses of paclitaxel than that achievable with CrEL-paclitaxel, with shorter infusion duration and without the requirement for corticosteroid and antihistamine premedication to reduce the risk of solvent-mediated hypersensitivity reactions. Taken together, these studies have demonstrated that nab technology has increased the therapeutic index of paclitaxel compared with the conventional, solvent-based formulation. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd.
Transitory, spontaneously recovering, peripheral facial nerve palsy after vinorelbine administration; Childhood intrinsic brain-stem gliomas have a dismal prognosis. Different treatment strategies have been adopted over the years without changing the final outcome of this ominous disease. Due to this grim prognosis, experimental therapeutic designs are worthwhile. Vinorelbine is a semi-synthetic vinca alkaloid that has demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity both in in vitro and in vivo experimental systems. By adopting vinorelbine during and after focal radiotherapy in the last two years, we have tried to evocate its known synergistic effect in brain-stem tumour control. Vinorelbine was administered intravenously before, during and after radiotherapy on tumour bed for a total duration of 10 months. All the consecutive patients whose clinical and radiological features corresponded to the diagnosis of an intrinsic brain-stem tumour, i.e., diffuse pontine glioma, have been accrued to this treatment protocol since July 2002. A histological assessment was not required. All patients were treated during hospital stay or in the outpatient clinic at the Istituto Nazionale Tumori of Milan (n=12) and at the Pediatric Clinic of Policlinico in Catania (n=1). Two of the thirteen patients so far treated have developed multiple subsequent, and transitory, episodes of monolateral peripheral facial nerve palsy during vinorelbine administration. The palsy always completely and spontaneously resolved at a short interval - around 30 min - after the end of the drug infusion. Obvious tumour progression was excluded by means of MRI; therefore the drug was administered as scheduled until the end of the treatment. We describe possible neurological and oncological implications of this unusual side effect, until now not reported in any other series dealing with vinorelbine as adjuvant treatment. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2006.
Giant traumatic pseudoaneurysm of the superficial temporal artery: Treatment challenges and case review; Traumatic pseudoaneurysms of the superficial temporal artery are uncommon. They present to a variety of specialities - orthopaedics, ear, nose and throat, neurosurgery, maxillofacial, plastic surgery, vascular surgery and dermatology. Experience managing these lesions is therefore limited and diluted. We present a case of a giant, traumatic pseudoaneurysm of the superficial temporal artery, which required the unusual approach of staged surgical excision.
A case of Guillain-Barré syndrome in a patient with non small cell lung cancer treated with chemotherapy; Guillain-Barré Syndrome (GBS) is a demyelinating polyneuropathy of probable autoimmune pathogenesis characterized by rapidly progressive symmetric paralysis. In the literature some cases of GBS associated with anticancer chemotherapy are reported. We present a case of a 55-year old woman who complained of progressive motor deficit in four limbs, areflexia in lower limbs and facial nerve paralysis one week after beginning cisplatin-gemcitabine chemotherapy for metastatic lung cancer. The cerebrospinal fluid analysis showed a strong positive Pandy reaction with 435 mg/dl total protein. The electromyography and the electroneuronography established the diagnosis of inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. Specific therapy with intravenous immunoglobulin 25 g/day in 5 administrations for 5 days was started with complete benefit. © E.S.I.F.T. srl - Firenze.
Tuberculous otitis media: A clinical and radiologic analysis of 52 patients; OBJECTIVE: This retrospective study reports on the clinical and radiologic features and the treatment outcomes of patients with tuberculous otitis media (TOM). METHODS: We reviewed the medical records of 52 patients (53 ears) with TOM between 1993 and 2005 and analyzed temporal bone computed tomography scans of 23 patients. The diagnosis of TOM was made if a specimen of the middle ear revealed the presence of acid fast bacilli (AFB), grew Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M. Tb) on a culture, revealed characteristic histology, and/or was positive for polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for M. Tb. RESULTS: The highest incidence of the disease was observed among patients in their 30s. The main symptom was otorrhea, and the duration of symptoms was shorter than with nonspecific chronic otitis media. Most patients demonstrated a moderate to severe hearing loss. Five patients (9.6%) demonstrated a peripheral-type facial palsy. Temporal bone CT scans demonstrated relatively well-pneumatized mastoids and occupation by soft tissue of the entire tympanum and mastoid air cells. Six patients demonstrated bone destruction that involved the cortex of the mastoid bone. In most patients, antituberculous medication was effective treatment. The patients who underwent chemotherapy after surgery achieved more rapid healing of the ear and more frequent closure of the tympanic membrane than those who did not receive surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should have a high index of suspicion and be aware of the clinical and radiologic characteristics of TOM. © 2006 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Dysphagia-gastroesophageal reflux complex: Complications due to dysfunction of solitary tract nucleus-mediated vago-vagal reflex; We report on the complication of gastroesophageal reflux (GER) in four patients with lower brainstem dysfunction. These patients suffered from perinatal asphyxia, cerebellar hemorrhage, or congenital dysphagia of unknown origin and showed facial nerve palsy, inspiratory stridor due to vocal cord paralysis, central sleep apnea, and dysphagia, in various combinations. Nasointestinal tube feeding was introduced in all of the patients due to recurrent vomiting and aspiration pneumonia resulting from GER. T2-weighted magnetic resonance (MR) imaging revealed symmetrical high intensity lesions in the tegmentum of the lower pons and the medulla oblongata in two of the patients, and pontomedullary atrophy in another patient. In normal subjects, lower esophageal sphincter contraction is provoked by distension of the gastric wall, through a vago-vagal reflex. Since this reflex arc involves the solitary tract nucleus, where the swallowing center is located, the association of dysphagia and GER in the present patients is thought to result from the lesions in the tegmentum of medulla oblongata. We propose the term "dysphagia-GER complex" to describe the disturbed motility of the upper digestive tract due to lower brainstem involvement. In children with brainstem lesions, neurological assessment of GER is warranted, in addition to the examination of other signs of brainstem dysfunction, including dysphagia and respiratory disturbance. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Complications of otitis media: An evolving state; The advent of antibiotics in the 1930s and 1940s has led to a decline in the incidence of otitis media complications. However, otitis media and its complications are continuing to evolve owing to the emergence of antibiotic resistance and the introduction of pneumococcal vaccines. Modern high-resolution computed tomographic scans have allowed for earlier diagnosis when signs and symptoms are present, but a high index of suspicion must be maintained because the clinical presentation may be quite subtle. The intent of this article is to discuss the intracranial and extracranial complications of acute and chronic otitis media. The clinical presentation, work-up, and management of the individual complications are presented.
An observation on the acupuncture treatment of ischemic wind-stroke with different lengths of needle-retaining time; Objective: To observe the effects of different lengths of needle-retaining time on the therapeutic results of acupuncture treatment for ischemic wind-stroke. Methods: According to the severity of disease, 251 cases of ischemic wind-stroke were randomly divided into 3 groups and treated by acupuncture, with the needle-retaining time lasting 20, 40, and 60 minutes respectively. Observation was mainly focused on the scores of nervous dysfunction and the clinical therapeutic results. Results: The comparison of the scores of nervous dysfunction in the 3 groups before and after the treatment showed that under Wilcoxon's pair-match symbol rank test, except for horizontal gaze, other indexes all showed significant differences (P<0.01). In the between-group comparison before and after the treatment, there showed significant or very significant differences in the indexes of myodynamia of the upper limb, myodynamia of hand and the total scores (P<0.05, P<0.01). In the between-group comparison by Mann-Whitney rank test of the indexes of myodynamia of upper limb, myodynamia of hand and the total scores, the 20-min. group and the 60-min. group showed significant differences (P<0.05); and 40-min. group and 60-min. group showed significant differences in myodynamia of upper limb (P<0.05). In comparison of the therapeutic effects of the 3 groups by Kruskal-wallis rank test, there showed very significant differences (P<0.01). In the between-group comparison by Mann-Whitney rank test, the 40-min. group and 60-min. group showed significant differences (P = 0.013); while the 20-min. group and 60-min. group showed very significant differences (P = 0.000). Conclusion: There is a time-effect relationship between the length of needle-retaining time and the therapeutic effects of acupuncture for ischemic wind-stroke.
Tutorial in biostatistics: The self-controlled case series method; The self-controlled case series method was developed to investigate associations between acute outcomes and transient exposures, using only data on cases, that is, on individuals who have experienced the outcome of interest. Inference is within individuals, and hence fixed covariates effects are implicitly controlled for within a proportional incidence framework. We describe the origins, assumptions, limitations, and uses of the method. The rationale for the model and the derivation of the likelihood are explained in detail using a worked example on vaccine safety. Code for fitting the model in the statistical package STATA is described. Two further vaccine safety data sets are used to illustrate a range of modelling issues and extensions of the basic model. Some brief pointers on the design of case series studies are provided. The data sets, STATA code, and further implementation details in SAS, GENSTAT and GLIM are available from an associated website. Copyright © 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Clinical aspects of neuroborreliosis and post-Lyme disease syndrome in adult patients; The diagnostic criteria of active neuroborreliosis include inflammatory changes of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and an elevated specific Borrelia CSF-to-serum antibody index, indicating intrathecal Borrelia antibody production. Patients with neuroborreliosis are usually treated with intravenous ceftriaxone for 2-3 weeks. In case of allergy, doxycycline may be used. Treatment efficacy is detected by the improvement of the neurological symptoms and the normalization of the CSF pleocytosis. The measurement of serum and CSF antibodies is not suitable for follow-up, because they frequently persist. Post-Lyme disease (PLD) syndrome is characterized by persistent complaints and symptoms after previous treatment for Lyme borreliosis, e.g., musculoskeletal or radicular pain, dysaesthesia, and neurocognitive symptoms that are often associated with fatigue. There is no formal definition of the PLD syndrome, and its pathogenesis is unclear. Recent controlled studies do not support the use of additional antibiotics in these patients, but recommend primarily symptomatic strategies. © 2006 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
A case of external dental fistula - The protection of the mandibular branch of the facial nerve; We experienced a case of external dental fistula that opened from a mandibular lesion. The patient was a 21-years-old woman. She noticed the tumor in a mandibular lesion she had had on her right side since childhood, and left it. It continued to increase in size and became more painful so she sought treatment. She was given treatment of antibiotics, but this was ineffective, so an operation of partial excision was done. However, pus continued to flow from the fistula of the mandibular lesion. So she was referred to our department. The pus disappeared by antibiotic treatment but the fistula remained. We decided to operate. Generally, to protect the facial nerve and avoid paralysis of it while operating on a tumor of the mandibular lesion, method not it confirming the nerve is more safe than the method to confirm it. But, with this case, we had to confirm the nerve to protect it, because the fistula existed near the running of the nerve. It is better to confirm the facial nerve at the top of the inner side of the lower jaw corner, because there is a part before the shared branch. The running and the branch of the nerve vary, so it is difficult to confirm the facial nerve before the operation. So, we need to thoroughly explain to the patient about the possibility of facial nerve damage before the operation of mandibular lesion, especially if inflammation is involved, as in this case.
One-stage reconstruction of facial paralysis associated with skin/soft tissue defects using latissimus dorsi compound flap; Neurovascular free muscle transfer is now the mainstay for smile reconstruction in the treatment of established facial paralysis. Since facial paralysis due to ablative surgery or some specific disease sometimes accompanies defects of the facial skin and soft tissue, simultaneous reconstruction of defective tissues with facial reanimation is required. The present paper reports results for 16 patients who underwent reconstruction by simultaneous soft tissue flap transfer with latissimus dorsi muscle for smile reconstruction of the paralysed face. Soft tissue flaps comprised skin paddle overlying the latissimus dorsi muscle (n=6), serratus anterior musculocutaneous flap (n=5), serratus anterior muscle flap (n=2), and latissimus dorsi perforator-based flap with a small muscle cuff (n=3). The latissimus dorsi muscle can be elevated as a compound flap of various types, and thus offers the best option as a donor muscle for facial reanimation when soft tissue defects require simultaneous reconstruction. © 2005 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons.
Solitary metastasis of lung carcinoma to the internal auditory canal; We report a case of solitary metastasis of lung carcinoma into the internal auditory canal. On admission, the 60-year-old patient was complaining about a rapidly developing hearing loss with ipsilateral facial nerve paralysis. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed an intracanalicular tumor, which was interpreted as vestibular schwannoma. After tumor resection, the histopathologic examination revealed a metastasis of a squamous cell carcinoma. Computed tomographic scan and bronchoscopy identified an asymptomatic primary pulmonary neoplasm. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Restoration of lid function in peripheral facial palsy by implanting gold weights; Background: Lagophthalmos is a common functional and aesthetic problem in patients with facial palsy. The implantation of a rigid gold weight is one technique to improve eyelid closure. The effectiveness of lid loading was investigated, taking into consideration complications ascribed to rigid implants. Patients and methods: We present 11 patients with facial palsy treated with that technique between April 2001 and October 2005. Before and after operation ophthalmological investigations were performed. The patients were questioned about their subjective satisfaction, and the remaining eye lid gap in the closed state was assessed. Results: A good up to perfect lid closure could be achieved. Of the 11 patients, 9 reported being very contented with the result. Except for one case of extrusion, disturbed healing processes did not occur. We did not observe any occurrence of astigmatism as a result of the rigid lid load. All patients reduced their use of eye ointment and eye covers. We observed a visible bulging of the implant contour in 4 of 11 patients. However, not one of them felt discontented. All patients stated that they would undergo the lid loading procedure again. Conclusions: The implantation of rigid gold weights for lid loading in patients suffering from lagophthalmos due to peripheral facial palsy is considered a simple and effective treatment for improving eyelid closure. Whether or not flexible implants will lead to better results needs to be further investigated. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Guillain-Barré and Miller Fisher syndromes occurring with tumor necrosis factor α antagonist therapy; Objective. Diverse neurologic syndromes have been described in association with tumor necrosis factor α (TNFα) antagonist therapy for inflammatory arthritides and Crohn's disease. The objective of this study was to review the occurrence and clinical features of Guillain-Barré syndrome and its variant, the Miller Fisher syndrome, during TNFα antagonist therapy. Methods. The postmarketing database of the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was searched, following our experience with a patient with rheumatoid arthritis in whom the Miller Fisher syndrome variant of the Guillain-Barré syndrome developed while he was receiving infliximab therapy. Results. Our index patient had a neurologic illness defined initially by ataxia and dysarthria, which fluctuated in relation to each subsequent infliximab infusion and, after 6 months, culminated in areflexic flaccid quadriplegia. In addition, 15 patients in whom Guillain-Barré syndrome developed following TNFα antagonist therapy were identified from the FDA database. Guillain-Barré syndrome developed following infliximab therapy in 9 patients, following etanercept therapy in 5 patients, and following adalimumab therapy in 1 patient. Among the 13 patients for whom followup data were available, 1 patient experienced no resolution, 9 patients had partial resolution, and 3 patients had complete resolution of Guillain-Barré syndrome following therapy. Conclusion. An association of Guillain-Barré syndrome with TNFα antagonist therapy is supported by the worsening of neurologic symptoms that occurred in our index patient following each infusion of infliximab, and by the temporal association of this syndrome with TNFα antagonist therapy in 15 other patients. An acute or subacute demyelinating polyneuropathy should be considered a potential adverse effect of TNFα antagonist therapy. © 2006, American College of Rheumatology.
Inner ear and facial nerve complications of acute otitis media with focus on bacteriology and virology; Conclusion. Among 20 patients with inner ear complications and/or peripheral facial palsy secondary to acute otitis media (AOM) a proven or probable bacteriological cause was found in 13 (65%). In seven patients (35%), a proven or probable viral cause was found. Only two of the patients (10%), with a proven bacterial AOM and a clinical picture of a purulent labyrinthitis in both, together with a facial palsy in one, had a substantial degree of dysfunction. Although the number of patients in this study is relatively low our findings show that inner ear complications and facial palsy due to AOM can be of both bacterial and viral origin. Severe sequelae were found only where a bacterial origin was proven. Objectives. Inner ear complications and/or peripheral facial palsy secondary to AOM are rare. The general understanding is that they are due to bacterial infections. However, in some of these patients there are no clinical or laboratory signs of bacterial infections and they have negative bacterial cultures. During recent years different viruses have been isolated from the middle ear or serologically proven in AOM patients and are thought to play a pathogenetic role. We suggest that in some cases of AOM complications from the inner ear and the facial nerve can be caused by viruses. The purpose of our study was to analyze infectious agents present in patients with inner ear complications and/or facial palsy arising from AOM. Patients and methods. The medical records of 20 patients who had inner ear complications and/or facial palsy following AOM (unilateral in 18, bilateral in 2) between January 1989 and March 2003 were evaluated. Bacterial cultures were carried out for all patients. Sera from 12 of the patients were stored and tested for a battery of specific viral antibodies. In three patients, investigated between November 2002 and March 2003, viral cultures were also performed on samples from the middle ear and nasopharynx. Results. Nineteen patients had inner ear symptoms. Eight of them had a unilateral sensorineural hearing loss and vertigo, three had vertigo as an isolated symptom and one, with bilateral AOM, had bilateral sensorineural hearing loss. Seven patients had a combination of facial palsy and inner ear symptoms (unilateral sensorineural hearing loss in three, unilateral sensorineural hearing loss and vertigo in two, bilateral sensorineural hearing loss and vertigo in one, with bilateral AOM, and vertigo alone in one). One patient had an isolated facial palsy. Healing was complete in 11 of the 20 patients. In seven patients a minor defect remained at follow-up (a sensorineural hearing loss at higher frequencies in all). Only two patients had obvious defects (a pronounced hearing loss in combination with a moderate to severe facial palsy (House-Brackman grade 4) in one, distinct vestibular symptoms and a total caloric loss in combination with a high-frequency loss in the other. Eight patients had positive bacteriological cultures from middle ear contents: Streptococcus pneumoniae in two, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus group A in two, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus group A together with Staphylococcus aureus in one, Staph. aureus alone in one and coagulase-negative staphylococci (interpreted as pathogens) in two. In the 12 patients with negative cultures, there was a probable bacteriological cause due to the outcome in SR/CRP and leukocyte count in five. In four patients serological testing showed a concomitant viral infection that was interpreted to be the cause (varicella zoster virus in two, herpes simplex virus in one and adenovirus in one.) In three there was a probable viral cause despite negative viral antibody test due to normal outcome in SR/CRP, normal leukocyte count, serous fluid at myringotomy and a relatively short pre-complication antibiotic treatment period. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
Ear, nose and throat manifestations of Churg-Strauss syndrome; Conclusion. Ear, nose and throat (ENT) involvement is common in Churg-Strauss syndrome (CSS), usually manifesting as allergic rhinitis and chronic rhinosinusitis with or without polyps. Otolaryngologists may play a pivotal role in making an early diagnosis of this disease. Objectives. CSS is a systemic vasculitic disorder that affects small to medium-sized blood vessels. Although the cause of CSS remains unknown, tissue damage seems more likely to be mediated by activated eosinophils. Patients affected by CSS frequently have ENT manifestations, which are often present at the time of disease onset and may represent relevant clues for the diagnosis. Thus, our objective was to present the ENT manifestations at the onset, at the diagnosis and at some point during the course of the disease in a series of patients with CSS collected at a single center. Materials and methods. Twenty-eight patients with CSS, as defined according to the 1990 American College of Rheumatology classification criteria, were identified. Twenty-one (75%) of these patients had ENT involvement. We evaluated the clinical course, laboratory data, histologic findings, treatment and outcomes. Results. Of the 21 patients, 13 (61.9%) had ENT involvement at asthma onset and 8 (38%) at diagnosis or during follow-up. The most common ENT manifestations were allergic rhinitis in 9 (42.8%) patients and nasal polyposis in 16 (76.1%). Three (14.2%) patients developed chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps, three (14.2%) had nasal crusting, one (4.7%) serous otitis media, one (4.7%) purulent otitis media, two (9.5%) progressive sensorineural hearing loss, and one (4.7%) unilateral facial palsy. Corticosteroid therapy associated with immunosuppressive drugs usually yielded improvement or stabilization. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
Delayed Convulsions and Brief Contralateral Hemiparesis After Retrobulbar Block; Objective: This case report describes convulsions and hemiparesis after retrobulbar injection with good outcome in a patient undergoing outpatient cryocoagulation of his right eye. Case Report: We report a young man in which localized convulsions of the ipsilateral face occurred 9 minutes after retrobulbar injection followed shortly by convulsions of the contralateral arm and leg. After the convulsions, the patient experienced left-sided hemiparesis resolving approximately 1 hour after the injection. There was no hemodynamic instability during this period. It was difficult to determine the exact cause of convulsions and hemiparesis. Conclusions: We believe these complications occurred because of unintentional injection of local anesthetic agent into the subarachnoid space without affecting the brainstem. Possible mechanisms of spread of local anesthetic agent into the central nervous system after retrobulbar block are discussed. © 2006 American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine.
Paraneoplastic rhombencephalitis and brachial plexopathy in two cases of amphiphysin auto-immunity; Amphiphysin, a synaptic vesicle protein, is an auto-immune target in rare cases of paraneoplastic neurological disorders. We report two additional cases with distinct neurological syndromes and paraneoplastic anti-amphiphysin antibodies. The first patient, a 59-year-old man, presented with cerebellar and cranial nerve dysfunction and small cell lung carcinoma. The second, a 77-year-old woman, presented with left brachial plexopathy followed by sensorimotor neuropathy and breast carcinoma. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG.
Osteopathic manipulative treatment of a 26-year-old woman with Bell's palsy; Bell's palsy is caused by a lesion of the facial nerve and results in unilateral paralysis or paresis of the face. The condition affects approximately 23 in 100,000 persons, with onset typically occurring between the ages of 10 and 40 years. The authors report the case of a 26-year-old woman with Bell's palsy, whom they treated with osteopathic manipulative treatment that was focused on the enhancement of lymphatic circulation. The osteopathic manipulative procedures used involved reducing restrictions around four key diaphragms (thoracic outlet, respiratory diaphragm, suboccipital diaphragm, cerebellar tentorium), as well as applying the throracic pump, muscle energy, primary respiratory mechanism, and osteopathy in the cranial field. The authors, who were guided by the four principles of osteopathic philosophy, report that the patient's symptoms resolved within 2 weeks, during which two sessions of osteopathic manipulative treatment, each lasting approximately 20 minutes, were held. Patient recovery occurred without the use of pharmaceuticals.
Removal of an orbital metallic foreign body to facilitate magnetic resonance imaging: Technical case report; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is the imaging modality of choice for brain tumors and other lesions of the central nervous system. However, this procedure is contraindicated in patients with orbital metallic foreign bodies. In such cases, the usual clinical strategy is to manage the patient without the benefit of MRI scans and, instead, to rely on less sensitive imaging modalities in particular computed tomographic scanning. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: Two patients, one with a posterior fossa mass and one with suspected central nervous system lymphoma, were seen at our institution. MRI scanning was recommended, but had been precluded in both patients by the presence of metal fragments in the orbit. INTERVENTION: In each case, the orbital foreign body was successfully localized and removed. Postprocedure computed tomographic scanning confirmed complete removal. MRI scanning was then performed without difficulty. The first patient underwent posterior fossa craniotomy and removal of the tumor, which proved to be a medulloblastoma. The second patient was found to have evidence of lymphoma in the cranial base and meninges and was treated with radiotherapy and systemic and intrathecal chemotherapy. MRI scanning provided superior diagnostic information and spared both patients the risks and discomfort of myelography and exposure to ionizing radiation from multiple computerized tomographic scans. CONCLUSION: Two patients with central nervous system tumors underwent removal of a metal fragment in the orbit for the specific purpose of facilitating MRI scans. This is a practical, straightforward concept, which should be considered when MRI scanning is needed for optimal patient management. Copyright © Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Multiple erythematous nodules and ecthyma gangrenosum as a manifestation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa sepsis in a previously healthy infant; Pseudomonas aeruginosa septicemia is rare in healthy infants and children. Also not common, dermatologic manifestations such as ecthyma gangrenosum and indurated erythematous nodular lesions may be the first signs of pseudomonas infection, or may appear later in the course of the disease. Peripheral facial paralysis and mastoiditis are also rare and serious complications of acute otitis media caused by P. aeruginosa. We report a previously healthy 6-month-old boy who had an uncommon presentation and rare complications during the course of P. aeruginosa sepsis. © 2006 The Authors.
Facial paralysis: Functional and aesthetic rehabilitation techniques; The diagnosis of a permanent facial paralysis can be devastating to a patient, because of the cosmetic, functional and psychological disorders. Our society places on physical appearance and leads to isolation of patients who are embarrassed with their paralyzed face. The objectives of the facial rehabilitation is to correct the functional and cosmetic losses of the patient. The main functional goals are to protect the eye and reestablish oral competence. The primary cosmetic goals are to create balance and symmetry of the face at rest and to reestablish the coordinated movement of the facial musculature. The surgeon should be familiar with the variety of options available so that an individual plan can be developed based on each patient's clinical picture. History of the facial paralysis, its etiology and the duration of the paralysis are of particular interest as they orientate the rehabilitation plan strategy.
Side-to-end hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis with intratemporal facial nerve translocation. Long-term results and indications in 15 cases over 10 years; Objectives: To describe functional results concerning facial and lingual mobility after side-to end hypoglossal facial nerve anastomosis. Material and methods: 15 patients were operated on between 1993 and 2002 (11 cases of facial nerve injury during vestibular schwannoma surgery, and 4 cases of brainstem stroke). Were assessed at a minimum of 18 months postop tonus and facial voluntary movements recovery (modified House Brackmann (HB) grading), lingual mobility (amyotrophy and self-evaluation questionnaire), and patients' overall satisfaction (questionnaire). Results: The mean delay to evaluation was 57.5 months. The tonus recovery appeared within 6 to 8 months (mean 28.5 weeks, SD 4.6 weeks). All patients recovered a normal tonus. The facial function was evaluated HB grade III in 11 cases (73.3%), grade IV in 3 cases (20%) and grade V in one (6.6%). Eye occlusion was obtained within 13.6 months on average (SD 2.6 months) in all cases except one. The blepharorraphy was maintained in 2 patients. No facial spasm was noted. The lingual motricity troubles were absent in 93.3% of cases. Patients were satisfied in 93.3% of cases. The less satisfactory results were observed when patients were managed late (> 2 years after nerve section) and in case of brainstem stroke. Conclusion: This technique seems to be very efficient. It presents the advantage to preserve lingual motricity and to decrease postoperative problems of midface spasticity.
Bell's palsy and parenteral inactivated influenza vaccine; Concern about a possible increased risk of Bell's palsy after parenteral inactivated influenza vaccine was raised following the publication in 2004 of a Swiss study in which there was an increased risk following the nasal inactivated formulation of the vaccine. When data from passive reporting systems in the United States and the United Kingdom were examined there was some evidence of increased reporting following the parenteral vaccine. A large population based study using the General Practice Research Database (GPRD) was therefore performed to test the hypothesis that there was an increased risk of Bell's palsy in the three months following parenteral inactivated influenza vaccine. The risk was also assessed for the same period following pneumococcal vaccine and was stratified into three age groups (<45, 45-64 and 65+ years). Relative incidence (RI) estimates were calculated using the self-controlled case-series method and showed no evidence of an increased risk in the three months following parenteral inactivated influenza vaccine RI 0.92 (95% confidence interval 0.78-1.08). There was also no evidence of an increased risk in any age group or following pneumococcal vaccine. A significant increase was seen on the day of vaccination (day 0) probably due to opportunistic recording of cases. ©2006 Landes Bioscience.
Pathological laughter and behavioural change in childhood pontine glioma; Children with pontine glioma usually present classically with ataxia, motor deficits and cranial nerve palsies. The pons has generally not been regarded as a structure that mediates complex affective behaviour. However, we report nine children who either at the time of presentation or progression demonstrated marked behavioural changes manifesting as either "pathological laughter" or separation anxiety in the form of school refusal. A mechanism of how pontine lesions can cause such complex affective and cognitive behaviour has been suggested to consist of the disruption of a network of cerebro-ponto-cerebellar pathways and the evidence for this mechanism is discussed. © Springer 2005.
Surgical options for facial reanimation.; Facial palsy has devastating functional and psychosocial sequelae for patients, thus its treatment requires thorough understanding of state-of-the-art modalities that can optimize facial reanimation. Treatment depends on the mechanism and timing of injury, patient goals, overall health, and motivation. Because of its significant impact on patient's quality of life, both acute and long-standing deficits should be addressed. Often requiring multi-disciplinary efforts, an institution well-equipped in dealing with facial reanimation offers patients the most consistent results.
Free micro-vascular muscle transplantation for the treatment of late facial paralysis using extensor digitorum brevis and extensor hallucis brevis; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the result of free vascular transplantation of denervated extensor digitorum brevis and extensor hallucis brevis for the treatment of late facial paralysis. METHODS: From April 2003 to April 2005, 26 cases of facial paralyses were treated by transplantation of denervated extensor digitorum brevis and extensor hallucis brevis. During operation, the ends of the tendons were fixed at ala nasi, middle point of nasal labial fold,oral commissure and chin; the muscle belly were put around the masseter nerve to correct the nasal and oral deformity, microsurgery was applied to anastomose the tarsus lateral vessels to the superficial temporalis vessels or the facial vessels. The result of the operation was evaluated by the Standard of Douglas Harrison and the Paresis Assessment scoring system of Stennert. RESULTS The static appearance was satisfactory in 26 cases after operation, the bilateral oral commissure was symmetry and the dynamic appearance was greatly improved 6 months after operation. Among the 23 cases whose disease history was above 2 years, all could smile naturally and show their teeth symmetrically except 1 case who could only move the oral commissure. Among the 3 cases whose disease history was less than 2 years, one could smile naturally and show his teeth symmetrically, one could smile but could not show his teeth symmetrically, another could move oral commissure but have no motion appearance. The result was evaluated as "+++" according to Standard of Douglas Harrison, accounting for 88% (23/26). Evaluated according to the Paresis Assessment scoring system of Stennert, the difference before operation and after operation was more than 5, accounting for 86% (22/26). CONCLUSION: The free vascular transplantation of denervated extensor digitorum brevis and extensor hallucis brevis can reconstruct the oral appearance for the treatment of late facial paralysis.
[Facial nerve monitoring in parotid gland surgery].; To investigate the use and effect of facial nerve monitoring in parotid gland surgery. Twenty-two patients with benign parotid tumor who received parotidectomy with continuous monitoring of the facial nerve were selected to analyse. Each patient had a total resection of tumor without facial nerve paresis or sialocele formation. No recurrence was found during follow-up. Facial nerve monitoring is a useful tool in parotid gland surgery.
Hypoglossal facial anastomosis as a solution to a total peripheral facial palsy. Our experience; Hypoglossal-facial anastomosis was performed in four patients with total peripheral facial palsy after removal of cerebellopontine tumors (three patients with neurinoma) and pontine aneurysm (one patient). The anastomosis was performed after a period of 3 months to one year from surgery. The results obtained, concerning the facial activity, were clinically valued according to the tests used (questionnary, and the House-Brackmann paralysis index); the EnOG was used for its electrophysiological assessment. The follow-up period was 4 years with a good facial recovery in three patients and poor in one (class V, 27% in ENoG). We observe that the improvement in function greatly depends on the early surgical process performance.
Clinical findings and treatment of 94 cattle presumptively diagnosed with listeriosis; The clinical findings and treatment of 94 cattle with listeriosis are described. The general behaviour and condition of the animals were mostly moderately to severely disturbed. A common abnormality in posture was an exaggerated forward or sideward stance, and 11 of the animals were recumbent. More than half of the animals were ataxic and 22 circled. The most frequent cranial neurological signs observed were facial nerve paralysis, salivation, strabismus, reduced or absent pupillary light reflex, reduced or absent tongue movement and head tilt. The haematological and biochemical findings did not contribute to the diagnosis of listeriosis, but they were useful indicators of dehydration and the acid-base status of the animal. Forty-four of 57 of the animals had high leucocyte counts in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), mostly mononuclear cells. Eighty-seven of the animals were treated with various antibiotics (penicillin G, oxytetracycline, amoxicillin, and amoxicillin and gentamicin combined), but there was no significant difference in the success rate of the different treatments. Only two of the nine recumbent animals that were treated survived. Univariable analysis suggested that animals that were recumbent, excited, with an absent or weak menace reflex, nystagmus, high numbers of leucocytes in the CSF, high serum concentrations of urea and calcium and high serum activities of aspartate aminotransferase and creatine kinase, and an acid-base deficit, had a smaller chance of surviving. When a logistic regression model was constructed, only recumbency, excitement and a weak or absent menace reflex remained significant factors affecting the likelihood of survival.
Needle-free vaccine delivery; The search for methods of vaccine delivery not requiring a needle and syringe has been accelerated by recent concerns regarding pandemic disease, bioterrorism, and disease eradication campaigns. Needle-free vaccine delivery could aid in these mass vaccinations by increasing ease and speed of delivery, and by offering improved safety and compliance, decreasing costs, and reducing pain associated with vaccinations. In this article, we summarize the rationale for delivery of needle-free vaccines and discuss several methods currently in use and under development, focusing on needle-free injection devices, transcutaneous immunization, and mucosal immunization. Jet injectors are needle-free devices that deliver liquid vaccine through a nozzle orifice and penetrate the skin with a high-speed narrow stream. They generate improved or equivalent immune responses compared with needle and syringe. Powder injection, a form of jet injection using vaccines in powder form, may obviate the need for the "cold chain." Transcutaneous immunization involves applying vaccine antigen and adjuvant to the skin, using a patch or "microneedles," and can induce both systemic and mucosal immunity. Mucosal immunization has thus far been focused on oral, nasal, and aerosol vaccines. Promising newer technologies in oral vaccination include using attenuated bacteria as vectors and transgenic plant "edible" vaccines. Improved knowledge regarding the immune system and its responses to vaccination continues to inform vaccine technologies for needle-free vaccine delivery. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A retrospective study of malignant parotid tumors; The clinical features of 74 patients (39 men, 35 women; mean age, 62 years) with malignant parotid tumors were retrospectively investigated. According to the TNM Classification, 4 patients were classified as T1, 9 as T2, 6 as T3, and 55 as T4. Fifty cases were staged as N0, 9 as N1, 14 as N2 and 1 as N3. Tumors located in both lobes of the parotid gland were the most frequent type of tumor (49%). Twenty-four percent of the 74 patients exhibited facial nerve palsy before treatment. Facial palsy was found predominantly in cases with a higher T classification or with deep lobe occupation. Histopathologically, sixteen tumor types were observed; mucoepidermoid carcinoma was the most common. The overall five-year and ten-year survival rates determined using the Kaplan-Meier method were 65% and 61%. The factors influencing a poor outcome were T4 classification (p = 0.0189), an N+ stage (p<0.0001), and facial palsy (p<0.0001). As for the major histopathologic types, the five-year survival rates were 69% for mucoepidermoid carcinoma, 48% for adenocarcinoma, 71% for adenoid cystic carcinoma, and 100% for acinic cell carcinoma and malignant mixed tumor. With respect to the treatment modality, patients who were classified as T1 or T2 and whose tumors were located in the superficial lobe without facial nerve invasion could be satisfactorily treated with only a superficial lobectomy conserving the facial nerve. A total parotidectomy with total removal of the facial nerve seemed necessary for T3 and T4 cases, especially those with adenocarcinoma or mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Modified neck dissection may be necessary for NO cases, especially those with adenocarcinoma, adenoid cystic carcinoma or undifferentiated carcinoma. Nerve grafting after total nerve resection is recommended for a better quality of life.
Improving effect of raw rhubarb and buffalo horn combined with stroke unit on neurological function of patients with acute cerebral infarction in heat phlegm fu-organ syndrome; Aim: To observe the clinical effect of huangjiao granule combined with stroke unit on patients with acute cerebral infarction in heat phlegm fu-organ syndrome as compared with routine treatment in neurological department. Methods: Patients with acute cerebral infarction in heat phlegm fu-organ syndrome were selected from Neurological Department of Wuhan Hospital of Integrated Traditional Chinese Medicine and Western Medicine between October 2001 and March 2003. All patients were diagnosed with Diagnosed Criteria of Cerebral Infarction which was set by the Second Cerebrovascular Disease Academic Conference of China and Clinical Research Criteria on Treating Stroke by Chinese Herbs which was set by Ministry of Health of the People's Republic of China in October 1993. Totally 103 patients were regarded as control group from October 2001 to March 2002, and 120 patients were regarded as observational group from October 2002 to March 2003. Patients in control group were treated with routine treatment in neurological department for 21 days, but patients in observational group were taken 10 g huangjiao granule orally (consisted of raw rhubarb and buffalo horn, provided by Preparation Room of Wuhan Hospital of Combination of Traditional Chinese Medicine and Western Medicine, batch number: 021120) for 3 times a day. After vital sings were stable, patients were treated with language rehabilitation training and physical rehabilitation training for 21 days. Then indexes of patients in both groups were observed before and after treatment, including scores of neurological impairment, cases of language, facial paralysis and functional impairment of muscles of upper and lower limbs, cases of Barthel index in activity of daily living (ADL), clinical effect and cases of singultus and constipation. Results: Totally 120 patients in observational group and 103 patients in control group entered the final analysis without any loss. 1 Scores of neurological impairment in both groups were decreased after treatment as compared with those before treatment (20.8±5.6, 27.2±11.5; 24.3±8.2, 28.1±13.2; t=5.078, 2.482, P < 0.01-0.05), and those in observational group were lower than those in control group (t=3.577, P < 0.01). 2 Symptoms of facial paralysis, language and muscle of upper and lower limbs were improved remarkably after treatment, especially improvements in observational group were superior to those in control group (P < 0.05). 3 Cases of Barthel index in ADL were more in observational group than those in control group (x2=8.71, P < 0.01). 4 Recovery rate of patients in observational group was higher than that in control group, but deteriorated and recent death rates were lower than those in control group, and there was significant difference (P < 0.05). 5 There were significant differences between observational group and control group on the aspect of singultus and constipation diagnosed with x2 test after treatment (5, 10; 11, 28; x2 =4.77, 12.47, P < 0.05). Conclusion: Huangjiao granule combined with stroke unit can improve ability of ADL, decrease neurological impairment and improve symptoms of singultus and constipation of patients with acute cerebral infarction in heat phlegm fu-organ syndrome.
Primary sphenoid sinus neoplasms: A report of four cases with common clinical presentation treated with transsphenoidal surgery and adjuvant therapies; Background: Primary neoplasms of the sphenoid sinus are a rare occurrence, accounting for approximately 1-2% of all paranasal sinus tumors. Here we report a series of four such patients. Methods: Four patients with sphenoid sinus neoplasms were identified (1%), all treated during the year 2003. Results: The four patients included two women and two men (mean age 61 years, range 44-70 years). Two patients presented with unilateral abducens cranial nerve (CN) palsies; one had trigeminal facial numbness and dizziness; another had headache, epistaxis, and partial third and fourth CN palsies. MRIs in all patients demonstrated large sphenoid sinus masses with partial clival and sellar bone erosion but with clear visualization of the pituitary gland above the mass. Cavernous sinus invasion was present in all four cases, including one patient with tumor in the ethmoid sinus and intra-tumoral hemorrhage. No patients had endocrinopathy. All patients underwent subtotal tumor removal via an endonasal transsphenoidal route. Tumor histology included neuroendocrine carcinoma, sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma, mucoepidermoid carcinoma, and giant cell tumor. Post-operatively, all four patients had improved symptoms with complete resolution of diplopia in 3 of 3 patients. Metastatic work-ups were negative in all patients, and all received fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy; three received chemotherapy. One patient required a second endonasal tumor debulking 15 months after the first for new visual loss that then resolved. At a median follow-up of 21 months, all patients are alive and functional. Conclusions: Intra-sphenoidal tumors are locally invasive tumors that include a wide pathological spectrum. In this small series, they presented with cavernous sinus symptoms and headache but not endocrinopathy. Recognizing their distinctive clinical presentation and MRI features is helpful in differentiating them from primary sellar tumors. Their aggressive nature warrants a multimodality treatment plan including surgical debulking, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy in some cases. © Springer 2005.
Evaluation of a physiotherapeutic treatment intervention in "Bell's" facial palsy; The aim of this study was to evaluate a physiotherapeutic treatment intervention in Bell's palsy. A consecutive series of nine patients with Bell's palsy participated in the study. The subjects were enrolled 4-21 weeks after the onset of facial paralysis. The study had a single subject experimental design with a baseline period of 2-6 weeks and a treatment period of 26-42 weeks. The patients were evaluated using a facial grading score, a paresis index and a written questionnaire created for this study. Every patient was taught to perform an exercise program twice daily, including movements of the muscles surrounding the mouth, nose, eyes and forehead. All the patients improved in terms of symmetry at rest, movement and function. In conclusion, patients with remaining symptoms of Bell's palsy appear to experience positive effects from a specific training program. A larger study, however, is needed to fully evaluate the treatment. Copyright © Taylor & Francis LLC.
Atypical symptoms in patients with herpesvirus DNA detected by PCR in cerebrospinal fluid; Background: Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) detection of herpesvirus DNA in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is an important tool in the diagnosis of central nervous system (CNS) syndromes. The corresponding viral infections present with diverse clinical signs, which are often classical although no sign can be considered as specific. This retrospective study aims to describe atypical symptoms in patients with herpesvirus DNA detected in CSF by PCR. A total of 3452 cerebrospinal fluid samples from patients with suspected herpesvirus infection of the CNS were investigated between 1998 and 2003 in our clinical virology laboratory. "In-house" PCRs for each herpesvirus [herpes simplex virus (HSV), varicella zoster virus (VZV), cytomegalovirus (CMV), Epstein Barr virus (EBV), or human herpes virus 6 (HHV6)] were used until 2001 and a commercially available "Herpes Consensus PCR" was used thereafter. One of the five herpesviruses investigated in this study was found in 71 (2.1%) of CSF samples (37 HSV, 14 VZV, 1 CMV, 9 EBV and 10 HHV6). These samples were obtained from 62 patients whose clinical findings were generally consistent with the PCR data. However, some little known features of herpesvirus-related symptoms, such as partial seizure associated with HSV infection, and unusual VZV or HHV6-related myelitis were also observed. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Proximal conduction abnormality of the facial nerve in Miller Fisher syndrome: A study using transcranial magnetic stimulation; Objective: To investigate facial nerve conduction, including its proximal segment, in Miller Fisher syndrome. Methods: Three patients underwent facial nerve conduction studies comprising stylomastoid electrical stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation at the entrance of the facial canal within the skull and of the cortical representation area. All 3 patients presented with acute bilateral complete ophthalmoplegia, areflexia, mild ataxia and varying other symptoms. One of the patients had bilateral facial palsy; the other two had normal facial innervation. Results: Findings suggestive of demyelination of the proximal segment of the facial nerve were observed in each of the 3 patients with Miller Fisher syndrome. The patient with bilateral facial palsy had absent responses to canalicular stimulation on both sides, while the other two showed increased temporal dispersion and prolonged latency in the proximal nerve segments. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that the primary pathology of facial nerve lesion in Miller Fisher syndrome is demyelination and that it is localized to the proximal nerve segment. This is in line with the known vulnerability of proximal nerve segments (spinal roots) in other dysimmune demyelinating polyneuropathies. Significance: Facial nerve conduction study with magnetic stimulation can localize and detect even subclinical facial nerve dysfunction in patients with Miller Fisher syndrome. The technique may contribute to the diagnosis of this disease, where electrophysiologic findings are scanty. © 2006 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intracranial haemorrhage in a boy with severe haemophilia A and factor VIII inhibitor; Background: This report describes the case of a boy with severe haemophilia A and factor VIII inhibitor who suffered subarachnoid haemorrhage at age 7 years, followed by bleeding in the right cerebellar hemisphere and an epidural haematoma at age 12 years. Method: The patie nt received intensive replacement treatment leading to reversal of neurological signs and symptoms and resorption of haematomas, as demonstrated by CT scans. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Aspergillus brain abscess in a patient with acute myeloid leukaemia successfully treated with voriconazole; Cerebral aspergillosis is associated with very high mortality in immunocompromised hosts. Conventional antifungal agents like amphotericin-B and itraconazole are almost ineffective in cerebral aspergillosis. Newer azoles have been shown to penetrate the blood, cerebrospinal fluid barrier and achieve effective fungicidal concentrations. These newer azoles may change the outlook of this fatal condition. We report here a patient with cerebral aspergillosis who was successfully treated with voriconazole. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Prognostic value of electroneurography in Bell's palsy and Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome; Objectives: This study evaluated the accuracy of electroneurography to predict the prognosis of Bell's palsy and Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome. Design: A retrospective, institutional review board-approved study. Setting: A secondary referral and a university-based centre. Participants: The patients had been treated for a sudden onset unilateral facial paralysis over the past 10 years (1994-2004). This retrospective study included only those patients who had been followed up for at least 3 months or if they had reached a complete recovery before then. Main outcomes measures: House-Backmann grade versus electroneurography value. Results: The recovery rates to House-Brackmann grade II or better were 95% in those with Bell's palsy and 84% in those with herpes zoster oticus. The electroneurography value of the recovery and non-recovery groups from those with either Bell's palsy or herpes zoster oticus was similar. The logistic regression model between the electroneurography values and the probability of recovery showed no correlation in those with Bell's palsy or with herpes zoster oticus. This study did not identify the proper electroneurography value that had enough appropriate sensitivity and specificity to predict the prognosis of paralysis accurately in Bell's palsy or in herpes zoster oticus patients. Conclusion: Electroneurography performed between day 7 and 10 for Bell's palsy or day 10 and 14 for herpes zoster oticus does not provide accurate information on the prognosis or recovery rate of the facial paralysis. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Limited.
Cutaneous Crohn's disease mimicking Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Treatment with methotrexate; A woman with a 5-year history of unilateral orofacial granulomatosis required repeated evaluations (including sequential colonoscopies) to establish the diagnosis of cutaneous Crohn's disease, a condition that proved responsive to low doses of oral methotrexate administered weekly. To our knowledge this is the first report describing the use of methotrexate for treatment of orofacial granulomatosis caused by underlying Crohn's disease. © 2006 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Brain tumor-like lesion in Behçet disease; We report a patient with longstanding Behçet disease who presented sudden onset of headache and facial paresis. The magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed a mass in the right thalamus, extending to the lentiform nucleus, subthalamic area, right cerebral peduncle and deep subcortical white matter. Stereotactic brain biopsy disclosed gliosis with no signs of malignancy. The diagnosis of a pseudotumoral form of neuro-Behçet disease was done and she was treated with pulse methylpredinisolone and intravenous cyclophosphamide. After 8 weeks she had improved and a new MRI showed disappearance of the tumor-like lesion. The differential diagnosis, especially with central nervous system tumor is emphasized. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Long-term outcome of stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) in patients with acoustic neuromas; Purpose: To evaluate the effectiveness and long-term outcome of stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) for acoustic neuromas (AN). Patients and Methods: Between 1990 and 2001, we treated 26 patients with 27 AN with SRS. Two patients suffered from neurofibromatosis type 2. Before SRS, a subtotal or total resection had been performed in 3 and in 5 patients, respectively. For SRS, a median single dose of 13 Gy/80% isodose was applied. Results: The overall actuarial 5-year and 10-year tumor control probability in all patients was 91%. Two patients developed tumor progression after SRS at 36 and 48 months. Nineteen patients (73%) were at risk of treatment-related facial nerve toxicity; of these, 1 patient developed a complete facial nerve palsy after SRS (5%). A total of 93% of the lesions treated were at risk of radiation-induced trigeminal neuralgia. Two patients (8%) developed mild dysesthesia of the trigeminal nerve after SRS. The hearing preservation rate in patients with useful hearing before SRS was 55% at 9 years. Conclusion:: Stereotactic radiosurgery results in good local control rates of AN and the risk of cranial nerve toxicities is acceptable. As toxicity is lower with fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy, SRS should be reserved for smaller lesions. © 2006 Elsevier Inc.
Investigational agents for the treatment of growth hormone-insensitivity syndrome; Growth hormone-insensitivity syndrome (GHIS) is usually caused by mutations in the growth hormone receptor. Recombinant IGF-I has been used to treat GHIS either alone (mecasermin) or in combination with IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-3 (mecasermin rinfabate). IGF-I increases the growth velocity of children with IGF deficiency, which is either as a result of GHIS or an IGF-I gene deletion. Hypoglycaemia has been reported with administration of unbound IGF-I and, in addition, the serum half-life of unbound IGF-I is shorter when administered to patients with GHIS (who have low serum concentrations of its binding protein IGFBP-3) than when administered to normal volunteers or to patients with an IGF-I gene deletion (but normal IGFBP-3 levels). The IGF-I-IGFBP-3 combination was developed to prolong the half-life and counteract the acute adverse events (particularly hypoglycaemia) that are associated with administration of IGF-I. It seems that the IGF-I-IGFBP-3 combination has a longer half-life in patients with GHIS than unbound IGF-I, with fewer reports of adverse events (including hypoglycaemia) when administered to patients with diabetes. There are no studies comparing the efficacy of mecasermin with mecasermin rinfabate; both drugs have been shown to be effective but cannot be differentiated in terms of efficacy. © 2006 Ashley Publications.
Endovascular treatment of large petrous internal carotid artery aneurysm associated with chronic otitis media: Case report; Aneurysms of the petrous internal carotid artery are rare, and surgical treatment of the aneurysm in the petrous bone carries high risk with procedure. We report a case of large petrous internal carotid artery aneurysm associated with otitis media. A 58-year-old female was admitted to our institution with left hearing loss and facial palsy. She had 4-year history of left exudative otitis media. Imaging studies demonstrated a 17 mm left petrous internal carotid artery aneurysm, destroying osseous partition between carotid canal and Eustachian tube, and protruding into left middle cranial fossa. Endosaccular coil embolization with balloon assist technique was performed successfully without neurological deficit. Follow up magnetic resonance angiogram demonstrated complete obliteration of the aneurysm without parent artery occlusion. Traumatic, mycotic, radiation, and congenital origin have been implicated for petrous internal carotid artery aneurysm. In a review of the literature, 11 cases of mycotic aneurysms in this location were reported and all of them were complicated with chronic otitis media. Because of its close proximity of middle ear and Eustachian tube, adventitial infection of the artery weakens the arterial wall, and gives rise to formation of aneurysm. We conclude that our case is of mycotic origin, and endosaccular coil embolization is effective and less invasive treatment.
Nerve regeneration through nerve autografts and cold preserved allografts using tacrolimus (FK506) in a facial paralysis model: A topographical and neurophysiological study in monkeys; OBJECTIVE: Nerve regeneration through cold preserved nerve allografts is demonstrated, and treatment of nerve allografts with FK506 induces better regeneration than other immunosuppressants. We study nerve regeneration through cold preserved nerve allografts temporarily treated with FK506 and compare it with the regeneration obtained using classic nerve autografts in a facial paralysis model in monkeys. METHODS: A trunk of the facial nerve on both sides was transected in eight monkeys and immediately repaired with a 3 to 4 cm nerve autograft or allograft. FK506 was administered to the animals of the allograft group for 2 months, and nerve allografts were cold preserved for 3 weeks. At periods of 3, 5, and 8 months after surgery, quantitative electrophysiological assessment and video recordings were performed. At the end of the study, quantitative analysis of neurons in the facial nucleus was carried out, and axons were stereologically counted. RESULTS: After the regenerative period, neuronal density was higher in the autograft group. However, distal axonal counts were similar in both groups. Serial electrophysiological recordings and histology of nerve allografts showed that the grafts were partially rejected after cessation of the immunosuppressant. CONCLUSION: The regeneration through nerve allografts temporarily treated with FK506 does not achieve the electrophysiological results and neuronal counts achieved with nerve autografts, but axonal collateralization in the allografts induces a similar activation of mimic muscles. Copyright © Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Coronal incision for treating zygomatic complex fractures; Objectives: To study the value of coronal incisions for treating zygomatic complex fractures. Patients and methods: A retrospective study was conducted on 69 out of 83 patients regarding the indications and complications of scalp incisions for treating zygomatic complex fractures (the other 14 patients were treated by local incisions and approaches). Results: In the early postoperative period, 5 patients suffered from haemorrhage, 2 had infections, 24 patients reported immediate postoperative anaesthesia and paraesthesia affecting the supraorbital region. Six had symptoms and signs of facial nerve injury: difficulty with wrinkling the forehead or to closing the eyes. After a follow-up of 3-5 years, 6 cases suffered from a scar wider than 0.5 cm, paraesthesia in 2 cases (parietal region and temporal region), depression of the temporal fossa in 2 and 1 patient had (persistent) palsy of the temporal branch of the facial nerve. Conclusion: On one hand, coronal incisions offer advantages such as: extensive exposure to ensure exact anatomical reduction. On the other hand, this incision has disadvantages such as obvious scars, long operating time, infections, haemorrhage, paraesthesia in the operative region, palsy of the facial nerve and depression of the temporal fossa. Therefore, the indications for coronal incisions should be strictly applied, and this incision should not be overused. © 2006 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Vascular Anomalies; The last two decades have witnessed remarkable improvement in delineating the pathogenesis of vascular anomalies. Improved definitions based on this genetic-anatomic-histologic classification have allowed the development of multidisciplinary approaches toward disease treatment and management. As our appreciation of the embryonic and developmental contributions to disease increases, so does our ability to develop novel strategies for management of previously insurmountably complex lesions. Molecular and pharmacologic manipulation of vascular anomalies holds great promise. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lintene granuloma following microvascular decompression mimicking a cerebellopontine angle tumour; We describe a case of foreign body granuloma caused by lintene (cotton gauze), placed during microvascular decompression of the fifth nerve for trigeminal neuralgia. At presentation, the clinical and radiological findings were suggestive of a tumor. This is only the second case in the literature of a foreign body granuloma occurring owing to the placement of a lintene pledget during microvascular decompression. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Detection of herpes simplex and varicella-zoster viruses in patients with Bell's palsy by the polymerase chain reaction technique; Objectives: Infectious causes of peripheral facial paralysis are well known. Bell's palsy, however, is an idiopathic facial paralysis, and the genesis is still unknown. Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) and varicella-zoster virus (VZV) have been suggested as etiologic agents. Methods: Twenty consecutive adult patients with Bell's palsy were included in the study. Ten adult patients operated on for chronic otitis served as controls. A biopsy specimen from the posterior auricular muscle was resected within 72 hours after the onset of Bell's palsy and was analyzed together with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) by nested polymerase chain reaction for HSV-1 and VZV DNA. Serum samples were analyzed for antibodies to HSV-1 and VZV. Results: HSV-1 DNA was found in the muscle biopsy specimen from 1 of the 20 patients, but was not found in any of the CSF samples. VZV DNA was detected in the muscle biopsy as well as the CSF from 1 other patient. All controls were negative. Seventeen of 19 patients had stationary serum antibody concentrations to HSV-1, and none displayed an antibody titer rise. A significant antibody titer rise to VZV was found in 1 of 19 patients, whereas 17 of 19 had stationary antibody levels. Conclusions: HSV-1 or VZV DNA was detected in 10% of patients with Bell's palsy in the present study. Viral replication might already have declined in many cases at the onset of the palsy. Use of an HSV-1/VZV polymerase chain reaction on a muscle biopsy specimen or CSF does not seem to be the method of choice for rapid etiologic diagnosis in the acute phase of Bell's palsy. © 2006 Annals Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
The muscle bow traction method for long standing facial paralysis; The neurovascular free muscle transfer is generally accepted as the best way to obtain good results in patients with facial paralysis, however, another method may be required in elderly patients or patients with poor prognoses. The muscle bow traction method was developed for dynamic facial reanimation utilizing the masseter muscle and a fascia sling. The principle behind this method is that the sling around the muscle pulls the oral commissure laterally and backward by the restitutive force of the muscle from its relaxed position to its contracted position. This method was used to treat eight patients with long standing facial palsy. The restored motion of the oral commissure ranged from 3 mm to 10 mm when clenching the jaws. The advantage of this method is that it is less invasive to the muscle and is a simpler procedure than other conventional muscle transposition methods. We believe that the muscle bow traction method is good alternative for elderly and advanced cancer patients with facial palsy.
A surgical approach to reanimation for reversible facial palsy patients; a neural network system based on the neural signal augmentation concept; In the surgical approach to reanimation of facial palsy, it is important to realize that the patient has reversible or atrophic mimetic muscles. Recently, we have developed a facial reanimation surgery using a neural network system based on the neural signal augmentation concept for treatment of reversible facial palsy patients. The technique to reanimate the paralyzed mimetic muscles includes more than one neural source to augment neural signals. Physiological recovery is expected when using a facial neural source and an early and reliable recovery is expected when using a hypoglossal neural source. With the application of several types of end-to-side neurorrhaphy techniques, a neural network system is established to obtain rapid restoration of resting tone and powerful facial movements of the reinnervated face. Hypoglossal-facial nerve cooptation with an end-to-side fashion prevents the occurrence of synkinesis and hemiglossal dysfunction. The surgical approach using this neural network system is generally employed for incomplete-type paralyzed cases more than 1 year from onset or complete-type cases within 2 years from onset. In this article, three representative reversible facial palsy cases undergoing establishment of a neural network system to augment neural signals from facial and hypoglossal neural sources are presented.
A combined method of hypoglossal-facial interpostional jump grafting by end-to-side neurorrhaphy and cross-face nerve graft for the treatment of facial paralysis; In this report, a cross-face nerve graft was placed between the zygomatic branches on both sides, accompanied with an interpositional jump graft between the buccal branch and the hypoglossal nerve. The nerve graft was made using the sural nerve. The nerve suture between the grafted nerve and the hypoglossal nerve was made in an end-to-side mode through the perineural window without axonal rupture of the hypoglossal nerve. Eleven patients (38-71 y. o.) who presented with complete facial paralysis after the resection of the acoustic tumor underwent this procedure. The duration between the onset of paralysis and the operation ranged from 3 to 32 weeks. Functional recovery via the jump graft was confirmed between 4 months and 11 months after the operation. Functional recovery via the cross-face nerve graft was seen between 8 months and 18months after the operation. In our series, reinnervation via the jump graft was seen earlier and more conspicuously than via the cross-face nerve graft. The facial movement was very natural, without accompanying mass movement of muscles and tongue atrophy. The patients can also smile without closing their eyes. But long term facial paralysis patients in whom much time had elapsed since the onset showed poor functional recovery. This procedure is useful for recovering the natural facial expression without the accompanying functional disturbances of the tongue. But, we recommend that it should be performed within three or four months after the onset of paralysis.
A case of Möbius syndrome reconstructed by free muscle transplantation; Möbius syndrome is a rare congenital bilateral facial palsy. It has been reconstructed using several techniques including local muscle transfer and free muscle transplantation. We report a case of Mobius syndrome reconstructed by free muscle transplantation. A 19-year-old woman had a congenital bilateral facial palsy, poor tongue motion and normal masseter. The treatment procedure used was a free bilateral latissimus dorsi muscle transplant and we chose the masseter motor nerve of as the recipient nerve. The patient gained an early "smile" and was satisfied with this result.
Distant metastasis of parotid gland tumors; The incidence of distant metastasis in head and neck cancer and especially in salivary gland cancer is relatively low in comparison to other malignancies. However, the presence of distant metastasis heralds a poor prognosis in head and neck cancer, with a median survival of 4.3-7.3 months. Treatment of these patients is usually performed in a palliative setting. Patients with malignant salivary gland tumors should have an X-ray or CT scan of the chest at their initial assessment to exclude the possibility of distant metastasis. The likelihood of developing distant metastasis is associated with high-grade tumors, such as adenoid cystic carcinoma, salivary duct carcinoma, high-grade mucoepidermoid carcinoma and tumors located in the submandibular gland, posterior tongue and pharyngeal tumors. A lower risk of developing distant metastasis is known for all other histological entities of salivary gland tumors. Nevertheless all patients who have a histologically confirmed malignant salivary gland tumor should have lifelong follow-up. On the basis of a clinical case regarding a patient with metastatic parotid gland cancer we present a review of the literature. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
Interference between muscle relaxation and facial nerve monitoring during parotidectomy; Conclusion: There is a worst case scenario involving a small risk of facial nerve injury and dysfunction of facial nerve monitoring. With regard to patient safety the use of a short-acting muscle relaxant and the analysis of neuromuscular blockade are necessary because these permit documentation of the temporal course of relaxation and the progress of surgery. Objectives: The use of muscle relaxant may disturb facial nerve monitoring during parotidectomy. The aim of the study was to analyze the duration of muscle relaxation in relation to the progress of surgery. Study design/Methods: Twenty-one patients who underwent parotidectomy were enrolled in this prospective study, where the short-acting muscle relaxant mivacurium (0.2 mg/kg) was used. The neuromuscular blockade was monitored on the basis of train-of-four (TOF) peripheral stimulation. The time of intubation, skin incision, facial nerve identification and the end of surgery were documented. Results: The mean times of the TOF ratios (2/4; 3/4; 4/4), skin incision, and facial nerve identification differed significantly (χ2 = 0.05; df = 1; p > 0.05). For the earliest skin incision (21 min), 14.3% of patients have a TOF ratio smaller than 2/4 at which a neuromuscular block of the facial nerve is possible. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
An unusual case of facial nerve palsy following soccer related minor head injury.; A 16 year old amateur soccer player sustained a minor head injury while contesting a ball in the air. He was unconscious for two minutes and remained "dizzy" for about an hour. After two days he developed a profound left lower motor neurone facial nerve palsy. He was found to have a complex fracture of the left petrous temporal bone, with fluid in the left middle ear and left mastoid. Treatment was conservative with oral steroids and oral co-amoxiclav and a left myringotomy to decompress his middle ear. The spectrum of aetiology, presentation, and prognosis for facial nerve injuries is discussed.
"Bell's palsy of the gut" and other GI manifestations of lyme and associated diseases; Bell's palsy signifies paralysis of facial muscles related to inflammation of the associated seventh Cranial Nerve. Physicians may not realize that this syndrome is caused by the spirochetal agent of Lyme disease until proven otherwise. Whether it is a full or hemifacial paralysis. Bell's palsy is cosmetically disfiguring when fully expressed. Sudden loss of normal facial expression terrifies patients who naturally fear they are having a stroke. When a smile is asked for, normal countenances warp into bizarre grimaces. The amount of tooth area exposed in this attempt to smile helps doctors evaluate the degree of paralysis and its change over time (Figure 1). In every case of Bell's, doctors need to carefully investigate by history, physical, and laboratory work every shred of evidence that might suggest the presence of cryptic tertiary Lyme, a serious multisystem, gut and neuro-brain infection even though about half of fully diagnosed patients have no evidence whatsoever of having had a tick-bite. Gastrointestinal Lyme disease may cause gut paralysis and a wide range of diverse GI symptoms with the underlying etiology likewise missed by physicians. Borrelia burgdorferi, the microbial agent often behind unexplained GI symptoms-along with numerous other pathogens also contained in tick saliva-influences health and vitality of the gastrointestinal tract from oral cavity to anus. Disruptions caused by GI borreliosis (Lyme) may include, amongst many others, distortions of taste, failure of other neural functions that supply the entire GI tract-paralysis or partial paralysis of the tongue, gag reflex, esophagus, stomach and nearby organs, small and/or large intestines ("ileus"), bowel pseudo-obstruction, intestinal spasms, excitability of gut muscles, inflammation of lumen lining tissues, spirochetal hepatitis, possibly cholecystitis, dysbiosis, jejunal or ileal incompetence with resultant small intestine bacterial overgrowth (SIBO), megacolon, encopresis and rectal muscle cramping (proctalgia fugax). In cerebral hypothalamic and pituitary centers, usual sites of borrelial disruptions of the brain's normal hormonal cascades, there are strong influences on human attitudes, ideation, and behavior relating to gastronomic issues. Newly discovered Lyme-endangered cerebral hormones and renegade cytokines regulate brain-gut interactions thus initiating behavioral tendencies such as anorexia or a failure of satiety with resultant obesity. Ticks and other vectors of Lyme disease attract their own infections from many microbes, some known and some unknown (viruses, amoebas, bacteria, and possibly parasitic filaria), which they then also can pass on to humans. The GI tract is especially vulnerable to machinations of such co-infections as bartonellosis, mycoplasmosis, human anaplasmosis (HA), and human monocytic ehrlichiosis (HME). Syndromes exactly similar to Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), Crohn's Disease, and cholecystitis, for example, may not have readily suggested a borrelial etiology to the diagnostician but Lyme increasingly is known to be a potential contributor to each. All known Lyme-gut syndromes are treated by combining several effective antimicrobials (including use of azole medications with specific antibiotics) with agents that boost gut lining repairs and overall immunity enhancement. Azole medications are borreliacidal (against the anti-Bb spirochetal cyst form) medications such as metronidazole (Flagyl). Needed GI healing agents may include gut stimulants or relaxants, Ph agents, bile salts, nutriceuticals, immunity-enhancers, neurotoxin absorbents, and sterilizers of gut-specific microbes. Parallelism between Lyme borreliosis-caused paresis of facial muscles supplied by Cranial Nerve VII and Lyme-caused gastrointestinal paralyses suggested a pseudonym to the author-Bell's palsy of the Gut-despite the fact that these syndromes are related to different types of neural fibers and only occasionally occur together. Since similar injury to all sites may be etiologically related, however, otherwise unexplained gastrointestinal symptoms should be considered as possibly related to Lyme borreliosis and/or its co-infections until proven otherwise.
Clinical application of electroacupuncture plus chinese medicine in treatment of peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To probe into the role of electroacupuncture in treatment of peripheral facial paralysis. METHODS: Eighty-six cases were divided into a treatment group (n=45) treated with electroacupuncture plus Chinese medicine, and a control group (n=41) treated with acupuncture plus Chinese medicine. Taiyang (EX-HN 5), Yangbai (GB 14) and other points on the affected side were selected and Chinese medicine modified Qianzheng powder was administrated. Their clinical therapeutic effects were analyzed and evaluated. RESULTS: The effective rate was 97. 8% in the treatment group and 82.9% in the control group with a significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.05). the treatment group being higher than the control group. CONCLUSION: Chinese medicine plus acupuncture combined with electroacupuncture has a better therapeutic effect on peripheral facial paralysis.
Point-through-point acupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To search for a more effective penetration needling method for peripheral facial paralysis. METHODS: The patients were divided into a treatment group and a control group according to visiting sequence. The treatment group of 50 cases were treated with Yangbai (GB 14)-through-Touwei (ST 8), Yangbai (a little above the original point)-through-Shangxing (GV 23), Sizhukong (TE 23)-through-Yuyao (EX-HN 4), Qianzheng-through-Yingxiang (LI 20), Dicang (ST 4)-through-Jiache (ST 6) and Jiache-through-Yingxiang, at an angle about 45 degrees between the penetration needling direction and local paralysis muscle bundle, and the control group (n=45) with Yangbai-through-Yuyao, Zanzhu (BL 2)-through-Yuyao, Dicang-through-Jiache, Jiache-through-Dicang, Qianzheng-through-Dicang, Sibai (ST 2)-through-Yingxiang. RESULTS: The cured rate and the cured and markedly effective rate were 76.0% and 92.0% in the treatment group, and 55.6% and 75.6% in the control group respectively, with significant differences between the two groups in the cured rate, the cured and markedly effective rate and the therapeutic times for cure. CONCLUSION: The penetration needling method at an angle about 45 degrees between the penetration needling and paralysis muscle bundle is more beneficial to recovery of facial paralysis.
Neuroborreliosis in an HIV-1 positive patient; Simultaneous co-infections of Borrelia burgdorferi sensu Lato and HIV-1 are rare events, with only six published cases. A case of acute neuroborreliosis with facial palsy, meningo-radiculitis (Bannwarth's syndrome) in an HIV-1 positive individual is described. Diagnosis was confirmed by Western immunoblot analysis of serum and CSF and by proof of intrathecal production of antibodies against B. garinii. The patient was successfully treated with cefotaxime. In all published HIV+ cases, the course of borreliosis did not differ from that of the HIV negative population and the prognosis in properly treated patients was good. © Urban & Vogel.
Role of stereotactic radiosurgery and fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy in the management of intracranial ependymoma; Ependymoma accounts for 5-10% of all childhood CNS tumors and less than 5% of intracranial tumors in adults. Ependymomas typically have a sharp tumor-brain parenchyma interface and this characteristic lends itself well to stereotactic radiation delivery. Data on the use of stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) and fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy (FSRT) for ependymoma in various settings have emerged over the past 10 years. SRS has been used in recurrent disease and as a boost after external beam radiation therapy. FSRT has been used in pediatric brain tumors and can potentially limit the long-term toxicities associated with radiation therapy by reducing the amount of normal brain parenchyma treated. Long-term follow-up is needed to determine the long-term efficacy and toxicities associated with these treatment modalities. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd.
Resection of a recurrent paraganglioma via an endoscopic transnasal approach to the jugular fossa; Objective: To present a novel endoscopic, transnasal approach to a recurrent paraganglioma of the jugular fossa (glomus jugulare). Study Design: Case report and review of the literature. Setting: The study was carried out at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. Patient: A 64-year-old woman presented to the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center with a 9-month history of left otalgia, occasional vertigo, facial pain, and recurrent epistaxis. She had undergone two previous procedures over the past 35 years for a glomus tympanicum. Physical examination revealed a mass in the left nasopharynx originating from the eustachian tube. A computed tomographic scan revealed an expansive mass in the left jugular foramen extending into the posterior parapharyngeal space suggestive of a large jugular paraganglioma. Intervention: The patient underwent preoperative embolization of the paraganglioma. An endoscopic, transnasal approach along the eustachian tube, the ascending parapharyngeal carotid artery, and into the jugular fossa was used to remove the tumor. Intraoperative image guidance assisted in the identification of key anatomic landmarks. Results: Postoperative magnetic resonance imaging revealed a thin rim of enhancement at the posterior aspect of the jugular fossa consistent with residual tumor. The patient was discharged to home on postoperative Day 1 in stable condition. There have been no complications with 4 months of follow-up, and the left facial paralysis secondary to preoperative embolization has resolved. Conclusion: We report the successful subtotal resection of a recurrent paraganglioma via a novel endoscopic, transnasal, transclival, transpetrous approach with image guidance. This approach allowed the near-total resection of a recurrent glomus jugulare with minimal surgical morbidity. Technological advances and surgical experience with nasal endoscopy and image guidance allow minimally invasive surgical management of select extracranial lesions of the lateral cranial base. © 2006, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Primary lymphoma of the trigeminal nerve; Although malignant lymphoma of the central nervous system (CNS) is rarely seen, its frequency is increasing as a result of more common observation of immunocompromised patients. Primary CNS lymphoma arise usually in the white matter of brain and account for only 0.5 - 1.5% of all primary brain tumours. However, skull base and cranial nerve lymphomas are extremely rare. We present here the third primary lymphoma of the trigeminal nerve in the literature.
Mucoepidermoid tumour of the parotid gland; The case of 65-year male patient with an stage T4, mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the parotid gland is presented. The tumor of this patient was classified as a tumor of high grade of malignancy in according to the Goode classification. The patient received surgical treatment and radiotherapy. After 10 months, the patient has remained asymptomatic, with a permanent facial palsy as complication of the treatment. The absence of regional and distant metastasis was peculiar in this patient. The clinical aspects, the diagnosis and the applied treatment were discussed, as soon as the frequency in other places of the world.
Concurrent intermediate uveitis and an enhancing intracranial lesion as the initial manifestation of sarcoidosis; Introduction: Posterior segment involvement has been described to be associatend with central nervous system involvement in sarcoidosis as a result of direct sarcoid tissue infiltration or mass effect of a cerebral lesion. However, isolated intermediate uveitis occurring concurrently with central nervous system involvement prior to extensive systemic disease is rare. Clinical Picture: We describe a patient with neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of intermediate uveitis and an enhancing basal ganglia lesion at initial presentation, in the absence of extensive systemic disease. Treatment: He was treated with high-dose systemic steroids which was progressively tailed down over 6 months. Outcome: There was prompt resolution of vitritis with good preservation of visual acuity. Conclusion: The difficulties of the initial diagnosis of sarcoidosis and the indications for initiation of steroid therapy are illustrated. We use this case to emphasise the need for a high clinical suspicion of sarcoidosis in the presence of similar unusual and seemingly unrelated combinations of neurological manifestations so as to facilitate the prompt institution of appropriate treatment when indicated.
Corticosteroid use and risk of aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage; Objectives: Corticosteroids can induce hypertension and inhibit collagen synthesis in the blood vessel wall. Deficiencies in collagen have been found in intracranial aneurysms. Therefore use of corticosteroids could be a risk factor for intracranial aneurysms and aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH). We investigated the relationship between the systemic use of corticosteroids in the past and the occurrence of aneurysmal SAH. Methods: We compared the systemic use of corticosteroids (oral or intravenous) in the past between a consecutive series of 1158 patients with aneurysmal SAH and a control group consisting of 1019 patients diagnosed with a primary central nervous system (CNS) tumour. We discriminated between definite use of corticosteroids defined as use mentioned in the medical record and possible use defined as note in the medical record of a disease that may be treated with corticosteroids. We calculated odds ratios (OR) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI) and adjusted for age and sex by means of logistic regression analyses. Results: Twenty (1.7%, 95% CI 1.1-2.7) of the SAH patients and eight (0.8%, 95% CI 0.3-1.5) of the controls had used systemic corticosteroids (OR: 2.22; 95% CI 0.97-5.05; p-value 0.058; adjusted OR 2.23; 95 % CI 0.97-5.15; p-value 0.059). For definite plus possible use the OR was 1.67 (95% CI 1.09-2.54; p-value 0.016) and the adjusted OR 1.52 (95% CI 0.99-2.33; p-value 0.055). Conclusions: Patients with aneurysmal SAH more often have used systemic corticosteroids in the past than controls. This may suggest that the use of corticosteroids is a risk factor for aneurysmal SAH.
Peripheral seventh nerve palsy due to transorbital intracranial penetrating pontine injury; The case of a child injured by a knitting needle penetrating transorbitally and intracranially, resulting in carotid cavernous fistula and pontine injury, is reported. After receiving medical and endovascular treatment, the only remaining abnormal neurological manifestation was right peripheral facial nerve palsy. The clinical sequences of events and the demonstration of a pontine lesion leading to peripheral facial palsy are presented. Facial nuclear injury with a penetrating trauma is an extremely rare condition. It is important to identify the anatomical regions injured in penetrating traumas. The lesions must be identified by computerized tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, clinical and laboratory investigation. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Ultrasound of the upper eyelid to evaluate tarsal curvature in facial palsy; Background: Treatment of paralytic lagophthalmos involves surgical repair, requiring exact knowledge of eyelid anatomy. While there are extensive studies on anatomical eyelid measurements in healthy eyes, no data exist on the changes in the functional anatomy of the upper eyelid in paralytic lagophthalmos. The aim of this study, was to examine by ultrasound the upper lid tarsus during changes in the patient's line of vision, and to answer the question of whether there are changes in the curvature radius of the tarsus, caused by facial paralysis with resultant lagophthalmos. Material and methods: Two groups were formed. The first group consisted of 50 subjects with healthy eyes, and the second contained 47 patients with paralytic lagophthalmos. The upper lid tarsal radius, when looking straight ahead and in the abducted position, was determined by ultrasound with a 7.5 MHz scanner in the non-contact mode, and then compared statistically. Results: Both groups showed a highly significant difference in the tarsus curvature, when looking straight ahead and in the abduction position. While there was no significant difference between both groups in the abduction position, they differed significantly when looking straight ahead. Also, a significant difference was noted, between the eyes of healthy subjects and the healthy eye in patients with facial palsy. Conclusion: The changes in curvature of the tarsal plate, when looking straight ahead, can be explained by the loss of tone in the paralyzed Orbicularis Occuli muscle. This means, that in addition to the lagophthalmos resulting from facial paralysis, changes occur in the functional anatomy of the upper eyelid, which must be considered during surgical correction. Additionally, the physiological loss of tone of the upper eyelid tarsal plate, which comes with age, has a certain influence. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Parotidectomy for benign parotid disease at a university teaching hospital: Outcome of 963 operations; OBJECTIVE/HYPOTHESIS: The objective of this study was to analyze the perioperative and long-term complications after standardized lateral and total parotidectomy for benign parotid tumors and chronic parotitis with special regard on the training skill of the surgeons at a university teaching center. All teaching operations were performed under strict microscopic control and supervision of experienced surgeons. STUDY DESIGN: The authors conducted a retrospective unicentric study in a tertiary university center. METHODS: Medical records of 963 lateral and total parotidectomies treated from 1986 to 2004 were analyzed with regard to perioperative and long-term complications. The surgeons' expertise to perform a parotidectomy was classified as beginner (0-20 parotidectomies performed), advanced (21-50), experienced (51-100), or highly experienced (>100). RESULTS: Eighty-five percent of the cases were primary operations (85%) and 15% revision operations. A lateral parotidectomy was necessary in 61% and total parotidectomy in 39%. The mean operation time was 192 minutes. The incidence of transient facial nerve dysfunction was 25%, and 6% for permanent weakness, respectively. Treatment for Frey's syndrome was performed in 5%. First recurrence for pleomorphic adenoma was observed in 2% and for Warthin's tumor in 3%. Significantly more complications were seen after total parotidectomy and in revision cases. Beginners and advanced surgeons (operated 41% of the cases) needed a longer operation time than experienced and highly experienced surgeon (59% of the cases). The surgeon's expertise had no influence on the incidence of complications. CONCLUSIONS: Standardized education in lateral and total parotidectomy for treatment of benign parotid disease under precise microscopic control is safe, demonstrates good results, and has low perioperative and long-term morbidity. © 2006 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Petrous bone cholesteatoma: Management and outcomes; OBJECTIVE: Cholesteatoma of the petrous bone is a rare pathology that grows slowly and is often asymptomatic. High clinical suspect is recommended for its diagnosis. With the advancement of imaging, clinical diagnosis is confirmed and follow up is assured. The present study is presented to state our experience in management of petrous bone cholesteatoma (PBC) and an overview of the outcome results. METHODS: This study was a retrospective case review conducted at a private quaternary referral center. From January 1984 to October 2004, 93 of 2,739 patients with chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma were treated surgically for PBC with varying location types. RESULTS: The mean age in this study was 46 years. Ninety-four percent of patients presented with hearing loss. Facial paralysis constituted 55% of the presented manifestations and grade VI palsy was the most common. A massive type of PBC was found to affect 45% of patients and it was mainly the acquired pathology. The surgical approaches varied according to the class type of PBC. Postoperative complications were minimal, and follow up was carried out after 1 year from the surgery date. CONCLUSION: Petrous bone cholesteatoma presents difficulties in its diagnosis and treatment. Adequate history-taking, high clinical suspicious, with the advancement of imaging techniques made its diagnosis more feasible. Improvement of the lateral skull base approaches rendered possible safe, adequate, and complete removal of the pathology. © 2006 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Antibiotics for treatment of resistant gram-positive coccal infections; Vancomycin is considered the workhorse for the treatment of most drug-resistant gram-positive bacterial infections. However, concerns have been raised regarding the increasing rates of vancomycin-resistant enterococci and the clinical shortcomings of vancomycin in the treatment of invasive Staphylococcus aureus infections. Resources have been committed to the development of antimicrobial agents with activity against these organisms. This review will focus on the newer antibacterial agents that have been developed for the treatment of resistant gram-positive pathogens. Included in this review are the agents: quinupristin-dalfopristin, linezolid, daptomycin, telithromycin, and tigecycline.
Guillain-Barre syndrome mimicking brainstem death. Case report; Background. The classic Guillain-Barre syndrome is characterized by acute ascending and progressive neuropathy associated with muscle weakness and hyporeflexia. Cranial nerves are involved in approximately 50% of cases. A special form of the syndrome is the Miller-Fisher syndrome in which signs of the cranial nerve deficit dominate in the first phase of the disease. The diagnosis of Guillain-Barre syndrome is based on clinical features and albumin cytological dissociation present in the spinal fluid. In rare cases, acute quadriparesis may develop leading to coma and the absence of brainstem reflexes. In the case described a patient presents with Guillain-Barre syndrome mimicking brain death. Case report. A 52-year-old woman was admitted to hospital due to acute progressive ophthalmoplegia and unilateral facial nerve paresis. A CT-scan showed mild cerebral oedema. The cerebrospinal fluid analysis revealed an albumin cytological dissociation (pleocytosis 14, albumin concentration 11.38 g l1). Guillain-Barre syndrome was suspected, and the patient was transferred to the ITU. Five days later, she became comatose with absent brainstem reflexes, with fixed and dilated pupils that did not react to light. No respiratory movements were observed during the apnoeic test. An EEG test performed at this time showed however, the presence of bilateral alpha and theta activity. After a further 20h, she arrested and died. Autopsy revealed a small necrotic focus in the brainstem. Conclusion. We conclude that before the declaration of brain death and withdrawal of life support systems, the exact aetiology must be identified. © PTAiIT, Borgis.
Varicella-Zoster infection with isolated cochleovestibular affectation (without facial palsy); Otological complications of Ramsay Hunt syndrome include facial paralysis, tinnitus, hearing loss, vertigo, dysgeusia, and skin eruption. The lower cranial nerves sometimes are affected by this neuritis. A case is reported of a man without immune-system impairment who had a cranial mononeuritis with unilateral involment of the VIII and VII cranial nerves after infection with varicella-zoster without herpetic lesions.
Facial pain: Clinical differential diagnosis; Differential diagnosis of pain in the face as the presenting complaint can be difficult. We propose an approach based on history and neurological examination, which allows a working diagnosis to be made at the bedside, including aetiological hypotheses, leading to a choice of investigations. Neuralgias are characterised by stabs of short lasting, lancinating pain, and, although neuralgias are often primary, imaging may be needed to exclude symptomatic forms. Facial pain with cranial nerve symptoms and signs is almost exclusively of secondary origin and requires urgent examination. Facial pain with focal autonomic signs is mostly primary and belongs to the group of the idiopathic trigeminal autonomic cephalalgias, but can occasionally be secondary. Pure facial pain is most often due to sinusitis and the chewing apparatus, but also a multitude of other causes. The pain can also be idiopathic. Imaging as well as non-neurological specialist assessment is often necessary in these cases.
New-onset facial paralysis and undiagnosed recurrence of cutaneous malignancy: Evaluation and management; Perineural invasion of cranial nerves, including the facial nerve by squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, is a poor prognostic factor for recurrent disease and disease-specific mortality. We discuss 2 patients who presented to the Otolaryngology/Head and Neck Surgery service with complete facial nerve paralysis and a history of skin cancer. Based on our experience with these patients, we recommend that patients who present with facial nerve paralysis and a history of cutaneous malignancy undergo aggressive management including early intervention and complete exploration of the facial nerve from the geniculate ganglion out to the periphery. Such rigorous care achieves the best possible oncologic outcomes for a proven aggressive disease. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cytoreduction of lymphoid malignancies and mobilization of blood hematopoietic progenitor cells with high doses of cyclophosphamide and etoposide plus filgrastim; We evaluated the efficiency of high doses of cyclophosphamide (6 g/m2) and etoposide (2 g/m2) plus filgrastim (granulocyte colony-stimulating factor; G-CSF) to mobilize autologous hematopoietic progenitor cells in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma, multiple myeloma, and Waldenström macroglobulinemia. We also evaluated the safety of this regimen and the engraftment kinetics after myeloablative chemotherapy. Seventy-nine patients with high-risk or relapsed/primary refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma, multiple myeloma, or Waldenström macroglobulinemia were treated. The mobilizing regimen was as follows: cyclophosphamide 600 mg/m2 twice daily for 10 doses, etoposide 200 mg/m2 twice daily for 10 doses (continuous; n = 57) or 2 g/m2 over 10 hours on day 5 of etoposide (bolus; n = 22), and G-CSF 5 μg/kg/d beginning day 14. Fifty-nine percent of patients achieved the primary end point (a CD34 cell dose of 5 million per kilogram with a single leukapheresis). More bolus etoposide patients achieved the primary end point (86%) compared with continuous etoposide patients (47%; P < .0001). The CD34 cell dose collected was greater in bolus etoposide patients (44 million per kilogram) than in continuous etoposide patients (10.9 million per kilogram; P < .0001). Patients took 3 weeks to recover >500/μL neutrophils and >20000/μL platelets after cyclophosphamide and etoposide. The overall response rate was 69% for non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients and 71% for multiple myeloma/Waldenström macroglobulinemia patients. The treatment-related mortality was 2.5%. Sixteen percent of surviving patients experienced grade ≥3 nonhematologic toxicity. Patients receiving bolus etoposide had significantly less grade ≥2 oral mucositis, less use of total parenteral nutrition, and less need for red blood cell and platelet transfusions. Sixty-four patients (81%) underwent autologous hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation, with prompt engraftment. Four patients (5%) did not undergo autologous hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation because of toxicity from high-dose cyclophosphamide and etoposide. We conclude that high doses of cyclophosphamide and etoposide combined with G-CSF are an efficient and safe mobilizing regimen for the collection of hematopoietic progenitor cells during aggressive cytoreduction of tumor burden in patients with lymphoid malignancies. © 2006 American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation.
The impact of a concurrent trauma alert evaluation on time to head computed tomography in patients with suspected stroke; Background: Emergency department (ED) overcrowding threatens quality of care by delaying the time to diagnosis and treatment of patients with time-sensitive diseases, such as acute stroke. Objective: The authors hypothesized that the presence of a trauma alert evaluation would impede the time to head computed tomography (hCT) in patients with stroke-like symptoms. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of prospectively collected data on patients with potential stroke who received an hCT in an urban trauma center ED from January 1, 2004, to November 30, 2004. Structured data collection included historical and examination items, National Institutes of Health (NIH) stroke scale score, laboratory and radiographic results, and final diagnosis. Admitted patients were followed in hospital. Patients who presented within one hour following a trauma evaluation were compared with patients who presented without concurrent trauma for triage time until completion of hCT. Chi-square, t-tests, and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were used for comparisons. Results: The 171 patients enrolled had a mean (± standard deviation) age of 60.7 (±7) years; 60% were female; and 58% were African American. Of these, 72 patients had a significant cerebrovascular event (38 [22%] ischemic stroke, 25 [15%] transient ischemic attack, seven [4%] intracranial hemorrhage, one [0.6%] subarachnoid hemorrhage, and one [0.6%] subdural hematoma). The remaining diagnoses included 4.6% migraine, 2.3% seizure, 2.9% syncope, 2.3% Bell's palsy, and 2.9% vertigo. There was no significant difference in time to hCT in patients who presented during a trauma activation and those who did not (99 minutes [interquartile range (IQR) = 24-156] vs. 101 minutes [IQR = 43-151.5]; p = 0.537). In subgroup analysis of patients with a significant cerebrovascular event, times to hCT were also similar (24 minutes [IQR = 12-99] vs. 61 minutes [IQR = 15-126]; p = 0.26). Conclusions: In the authors' institution, the presence of concurrent trauma evaluation does not delay CT imaging of patients with potential stroke. © 2006 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
Intranasal delivery of vaccines against HIV; HIV poses a serious health threat in the world. Mucosal transmission of HIV through the genitourinary tract may be the most important route of transmission. Intranasal immunisations induce vaginal and systemic immune responses. Various protein-, DNA- and RNA-based immunopotentiating adjuvants/delivery systems and live bacterial and viral vectors are available for intranasal immunisations, and these systems may differ in their ability to induce a specific type of immune response (e.g., a cytotoxic T cell versus an antibody response). As the protection against HIV may require both cytotoxic T cell and antibodies, a combination of adjuvants/delivery systems for combinations of mucosal and parenteral immunisations may be required in order to develop a protective anti-HIV vaccine. © 2006 Ashley Publications.
Hepatitis B vaccines; Immunization is the most effective way to prevent transmission of HBV and, hence, the development of acute or chronic hepatitis B. The national strategy to eliminate transmission of the virus in the United States includes vaccination of all newborn infants, children, adolescents, and high-risk adults. Postexposure prophylaxis is also advocated, depending on the vaccination and anti-HBs status of the exposed person. Seroprotection after vaccination, defined as anti-HBs ≥ 10 mIU/mL, is achieved in over 95% of all vaccinees. The hepatitis B vaccines are very well tolerated with usually minimal adverse effects. Predictors of non-response include increasing age, male gender, obesity, tobacco smoking, and immunocompromising chronic disease. For those who remain nonresponders after the second series of vaccination, adjuvants such as GM-CSF may be considered, but their results are variable. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Unusual paresis in a 7-week-old infant; A 7-week-old infant was sent to hospital because of paresis of the facial nerve and the left arm. On examination the girl showed Hufnagel's palsy and pseudoparalysis of the left arm. Because high inflammation parameters were suspicious for osteomyelitis, antibiotic therapy was started. X-rays, MRI and scintigraphy of the bones showed no pathological findings. With changing pseudoparalytic symptoms and no signs of involvement of other organs, serologic examination then showed positive results for syphilis. A control X-ray of the extremities 2 weeks later showed periosteal thickening. The infant recovered completely after treatment with penicillin. After an uneventful pregnancy it is difficult to diagnose connatal syphilis if the only symptom is pseudoparalysis and the radiographic findings are normal. In newborns with unusual symptoms, connatal syphilis should be considered in the differential diagnosis. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2004.
Varicella-zoster virus load and cochleovestibular symptoms in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Objectives: The mechanism by which varicella-zoster virus (VZV) reactivation causes cochleovestibular symptoms (CVSs) in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome (RHS) remains to be elucidated. The present study analyzed the relationship between VZV load and the onset of CVSs in RHS. Methods: The subjects consisted of 56 patients with RHS; 29 exhibited CVSs and facial paralysis (FP; group 1), and 27 exhibited FP without CVSs (group 2). The VZV DNA copy number in the saliva was measured with a quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Anti-VZV antibodies were assayed by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay with paired sera. Results: There was no significant difference in maximum viral copy number between the two groups. In group 1, CVSs occurred at various times between the early phase and the regression phase of VZV reactivation. In some patients, CVSs occurred in the early phase of VZV reactivation, before the onset of zoster lesions and FP. Conclusions: There are various different patterns in the development of eighth cranial nerve dysfunction, which is caused by progression of neuritis or labyrinthitis following VZV reactivation. Our data suggest that CVSs in RHS may also be caused by reactivation of VZV in the spiral and/or vestibular ganglia. © 2006 Annals Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Ulcerative Gingivostomatitis and peridontitis; Many systemic diseases have oral and/or pharyngeal manifestations. Mucosal lesions in the upper aerodigestive tract may be caused by granulomatous inflammations, and infectious, autoimmune and neoplastic diseases before they appear systemically or otherwise. ENT specialists can play a decisive role in identifying patients with pathological mucosal changes and transfer them to dermatology, hematology, gastroenterology or maxillofacial surgery in order to assure the best possible treatment. This article presents the case of an elderly female patient with a history of necrotising severe stomatitis that turned out to be a rare B-cell lymphoma. In the second part of the article, we present a number of common and rare diseases that may be encountered in ENT practice with an overview of clinical manifestations and current diagnostic modalities. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2006.
Psychological and social factors in reconstructive surgery for hemi-facial palsy; This paper examines the psychological and social impact of reconstructive surgery for hemi-facial palsy and considers psychosocial factors which may be associated with patient satisfaction. It reports a retrospective study in which 106 adults were assessed using primarily qualitative methods. All participants had undergone two-stage reconstruction using vascularised free muscle grafts, with all procedures having been carried out by the same surgeon. The participants were all at least 12 months post-surgery. They were assessed using demographic questionnaires, the hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) and the facial paralysis evaluation measure (FPEM). In addition, all participants were interviewed using a semi-structured format, the interviews were recorded verbatim and the transcripts were analysed using thematic analysis. Of the total study group, 67% had acquired facial palsy. The mean age of the total group was 44.7 years and 67.9% were female. As a group they were rather less depressed than the normal population with similar levels of anxiety to population norms. The primary motivation for surgery was appearance rather than function. Using interview data in addition to the FPEM, satisfaction with the process and outcome of surgery was assessed. Thirty five percent were very satisfied with both process and outcome, 34% were satisfied with the outcome but found the treatment process stressful, 15.1% were not entirely satisfied with process or outcome but felt surgery had been worthwhile as there had been some improvement. The remainder were very dissatisfied with both process and outcome and regretted having undergone surgery. There was no significant association between dissatisfaction and anxiety, the cause of the acquired palsy, longevity prior to surgery, gender nor whether the condition was acquired or congenital. There was a significant relationship with depression, in that those who were suffering from depression were more likely to be dissatisfied with surgery. Participants were asked in interview about social pressures and comments or remarks made by others about their condition. The majority (89.6%) of the total study group reported intrusive questions by acquaintances and strangers, with more than half of these being distressed by such questions. Following surgery, there was a significant reduction in the incidence of these questions. There was no relationship between distress in response to these questions prior to surgery and dissatisfaction with surgery. However, 27.4% also reported aggressive hurtful comments before surgery with a minimal improvement in incidence following surgery. These participants also reported consistent patterns of social avoidance and social isolation before and after surgery, and were more likely to be depressed than the rest of the study group. They were significantly more likely to be dissatisfied with surgery (p=.016). It is recommended that patients are screened and counseled prior to sur gery to identify such problems and referred for psychological treatment in order to ensure they gain maximum benefit from reconstructive surgery. © 2005 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Stroke from cervicocephalic arterial dissection in Saudi children; Cervicocephalic arterial dissection (CCAD) is an important, but rarely recognized, cause of stroke in children. We describe 3 cases of CCAD who were diagnosed during a study on childhood stroke which included 104 patients. A high index of suspicion and targeted investigations are needed for the diagnosis and management of CCAD in childhood.
Disorders of the cerebellopontine angle; Disorders of the cerebellopontine angle may present by symptoms like vertigo, hearing problems, affection of the trigeminal or facial nerve. Ipsilateral ataxia and contralateral hemiparesis develop in case of a rather large tumor in this region and display an involvement of the cerebellum and/or brainstem. However, some of these typical symptoms are not recognized by the patient. Thus, in case of a suspicion of a disorder of the cerebellopontine angle the relevant functions have to be tested clinically. In addition, electrophysiology can confirm dysfunction of these cranial nerves. Mainstay of the therapy should be the treatment of the underlying cause. Nevertheless, not seldom it is necessary to treat symptoms like vertigo or facial pain. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2005.
Septate fungal invasion in masked mastoiditis: A diagnostic dilemma; Invasive fungal mastoiditis is a rare entity, seen almost entirely in immunocompromized patients. It has been reported primarily in patients with leukaemia and more recently with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. A literature search revealed only a few reports in diabetic patients, in whom the invasive fungus was identified as mucormycosis in all cases. We report the first case in the English literature of invasive septate fungal mastoiditis in a diabetic patient with intact tympanic membranes. © 2006 JLO (1984) Limited.
Electrodiagnosis of the cranial nerves; Isolated facial weakness suggests either a contralateral hemispheric lesion or a disease of the facial nerve per se. The presence of sensory symptoms usually indicates a central facial weakness, which characteristically involves the lower part of the face. In contrast, the absence of sensory disturbances suggests a peripheral nerve lesion, some system diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or a stroke sparing the sensory cortex. Sporadic cases of Bell's palsy rank the first in incidence. Although its exact etiology remains unknown, accumulating evidence suggests reactivation of herpes simplex virus type I. A facial palsy that develops in patients with diabetes mellitus tends to show a more severe involvement with substantial denervation. Acoustic neuroma, strategically located at the cerebellopontine angle, may compress the facial nerve. Peripheral facial palsy may herald other symptoms of multiple sclerosis in young adults. Serial electrodiagnostic studies help delineate the course of the illness. The amplitude of the direct response elicited by stimulation of the facial nerve after the fourth to fifth day of onset serves as the best means predicting the eventual outcome of recovery. Blink reflex studies usually show an absent or delayed R1, implicating the central reflex arc, which includes the intrapontine portion of the facial nerve.
Should we use steroids to treat children with Bell's palsy?; QUESTION: A healthy 6-year-old boy came to my office with severe Bell's palsy that had lasted for 24 hours following an upper respiratory tract infection he had had a little over a week ago. Should I treat him with steroids? ANSWER: While there is currently no definitive answer, the risk that Bell's palsy will become permanent seems exceptionally small in children (even smaller than in adults), and the best evidence demonstrates no benefit from steroids. Until a large randomized controlled trial can prove benefit, these patients should not be treated with steroids. The vast majority will recover fully without treatment.
Plastic surgical solutions for Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome: Facial liposuction and cheiloplasty procedures; Objective: Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome (MRS) is a rare granulomatous disease characterized by a triad, including orofacial swelling, facial palsy and lingua plicata with usually recurrent or progressive course. Orofacial swelling, the most often sign of MRS, leads to the both esthetic and functional deformities. Because of its unknown etiology, a rational treatment is difficult and management of MRS still remains symptomatic, aiming at to remove orofacial swelling mainly. Although the many nonsurgical therapies have been mentioned in the literature, none has been proved uniformly and predictably successful to date. In this paper, we present different surgical procedures and their outcomes in a series of 4 cases with MRS. The procedures including mucosa, submucosa and tangential muscle resection, crescent shaped commissuroplasty, and facial liposuction may be considered in surgical armamentarium when orofacial swelling becomes persistent. We think that the plastic surgeons may act more effectively in the management of the syndrome in the future. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The treatment of facial palsy from the point of view of physical and rehabilitation medicine; There are evidences to support recommending the early intake of prednisone (in its appropriate dose of 1 mg/kg body weight for up to 70 or 80 mg/day) or the combined use of prednisone and acyclovir (or valacyclovir) within 72 h following the onset of paralysis in order to improve the outcome of Bell's palsy (BP). Although there may be a controversy about the role of physiotherapy in BP or facial palsy, it seemed that local superficial heat therapy, massage, exercises, electrical stimulation and biofeedback training have a place in the treatment of lower motor facial palsy. However, each modality has its indications. Moreover, some rehabilitative surgical methods might be of benefit for some patients with traumatic facial injuries or long standing paralysis without recovery, but early surgery in BP is usually not recommended. However, few may recommend early surgery in BP when there is 90-100% facial nerve degeneration. The efficacy of acupuncture, magnetic pellets and other modalities of physiotherapy needs further investigation. The general principles and the different opinions in treating and rehabilitating facial palsy are discussed and the need for further research in this field is suggested.
An open-label, randomized, controlled, 4-week comparative clinical trial of barnidipine hydrochloride, a calcium-channel blocker, and benazepril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, in Chinese patients with renal parenchymal hypertension; This study compared barnidipine, a calcium-channel blocker, and benazepril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, in 85 Chinese patients with renal parenchymal hypertension (diastolic blood pressure range 95 - 110 mmHg). Patients were randomly assigned to receive either 10 mg barnidipine or 10 mg benazepril orally daily for 4 weeks. In patients with diastolic blood pressure > 90 mmHg after 2 weeks of treatment, the dose of barnidipine or benazepril was increased by 5 or 10 mg, respectively. Both the barnidipine-treated group (n = 43) and the benazepril-treated group (n = 42) showed significant mean reductions from baseline in sitting systolic and diastolic blood pressures. The decrease in diastolic blood pressure with benazepril was significantly greater than with barnidipine treatment. Sitting heart rate was not changed by either drug. There was no significant difference in adverse events between the two groups. Barnidipine is similar to benazepril for the treatment of renal parenchymal hypertension. Copyright © 2006 Cambridge Medical Publications.
Pediatric Pearls: Should we use steroids to treat children with Bell's palsy?; Question. A healthy 6-year-old boy came to my office with severe Bell' palsy that had lasted for 24 hours following an upper respiratory tract infection he had had a little over a week ago. Should I treat him with steroids? Answer. While there is currently no definitive answer, the risk that Bell's palsy will become permanent seems exceptionally small in children (even smaller than in adults), and the best evidence demonstrates no benefit from steroids. Until a large randomized controlled trial can prove benefit, these patients should not be treated with steroids. The vast majority will recover fully without treatment.
Johann Sebastian Bach's strokes; Bach's origin is from the sixth generation of a large family of musicians from Mid-Germany, the Thyrings. He was famous, but more so as an organist and a specialist fine organ builder than as a composer. He married twice. From each marriage, two well-known musician-composers were born: Wilhelm Friedmann and Carl Phillip Emanuel from the first marriage, and Johann Christoph Friedrich and Johann Christian from the second. The Bachs were destined to live into their sixties, a good age at that time, and several lived longer. Bach was healthy and shortsighted, and a strong man. He probably had high blood pressure, and maybe diabetes. His vision was said to be damaged by writing and copying notes in the dark from his early days. It is possible he had a mild stroke before 1746 and another one in 1749 which, with his previous blindness, affected him seriously. At that time, while touring Europe, "chevalier and gentleman"- an Englishman oculist and operator, John Taylor came to Leipzig. Bach was operated on twice in 1750. His vision did not improve and inflammation developed, probably glaucoma with postoperative infection. He had several cerebrovascular risk factors, i.e. age, obesity, possible hypertension and diabetes, and he died in 1750 after another stroke complicated by pneumonia. His grave was known only by oral tradition and was mentioned in just one local newspaper as an incidental remark. It took more than one hundred years after his death for his grave to be found nearby St Thomas Church. His remains were identified by Professor His together with Professor Politzer, an authority in the field of otology.
Facial nerve paralysis after impacted lower third molar surgery: a literature review and case report.; Facial nerve paralysis (FNP) is the most common cranial nerve disorders and it results in a characteristic facial distortion that is determined in part by the nerves branches involved. With multiples etiologies, these included trauma, tumor formation, idiopathic conditions, cerebral infarct, pseudobulbar palsy and viruses. FNP during dental treatment is very rare and can be associated with the injection of local anesthetic, prolonged attempt to remove a mandibular third molar and subsequent infection. We report a case of a 21 years-old black woman who developed a Bell's palsy after an impacted third molar surgery under local anaesthesia, present a FNP classified like a grade IV by the House-Brackmann's grading system. The treatment was based of prescription of a cytidine and uridine complex (NUCLEO CMP tm) one tablet twice per day and a close follow up. Three months later that had beginning the treatment, the patient recovery her normal facial muscle activity.
Traumas of the middle skull base with TMJ involvement. Case report.; The authors report their experience with temporomandibular joint (TMJ) traumas involving breakage of the roof of the glenoid cavity, an infrequent event that occurs in those cases in which, as a result of the condylar neck not fracturing, the traumatic energy is transmitted to the middle skull base. As the literature contains no valid series for establishing standardized protocols for the treatment of these fractures, we propose our own orthopedic-functional approach. The patient observed by us had suffered a cranio-facial trauma and presented the classical symptoms and signs of TMJ traumas and complete bilateral Bell paralysis. He was subjected to a CAT scan and then to 2-stage treatment consisting of functional rest with liquid diet followed by physiotherapy. An almost total recovery in TMJ function was observed after 1 month. At 1-year follow-up the facial paralysis had resolved completely. On the basis of our experience, breakages of the glenoid cavity can be compared, in terms of treatment procedure, to intracapsular fractures of the TMJ with surgery confined to cases of ankylosis sequelae. To avoid the onset of ankylosis careful control of clinical, functional and radiological follow-up is required.
A multicentral randomized control study on clinical acupuncture treatment of Bell's palsy; Objective: To confirm the clinical therapeutic effects of acupuncture and moxibustion on Bell's palsy. Methods: 480 cases from 4 hospitals we re enrolled for this study, among whom 439 cases completed the whole course of the study. The patients were randomly divided into the following 3 groups, a control group(treated with prednisone, vitamin B1, vitamin B12 and dibazol), an acu-moxibustion group (treated with filiform needle plus moxibustion), and a basic treatment plus acu-moxibustion group (treated with oral medicine like those in the control group plus acupuncture, and with moxibustion like in the acu-moxibustion group). The whole treatment course lasted 4 weeks. The therapeutic effects were evaluated according to the symptoms and signs, House-Brackmann grading scale and facial disability indexes(FDI). Results: All the 4 centers (hospitals) complet ed this study well, with no statistically' significant difference found among the 4 centers in therapeutic effects. The patients with different conditions were well distributed in the 3 groups, thus the basic general data were comparable (P>0.05). The therapeutic effects of the two treatment groups were better than the control group (respectively P<0.05 and P<0.01), and it was the best in the acu-moxibustion group (P<0.01). Conclusion: Acupunc ture and moxibustion may exert definite therapeutic effects on Bell's palsy, better than that of the basic treatment group or the basic treatment plus acu-moxibustion group.
Remodeling 1540 nm Er:glass laser effects on 36 patients treated on one hemipace with evaluation of the patients' motivation for this type of treatment; Non-ablative remodeling has been proposed as a new and safety anti-ageing treatment. The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of non ablative skin remodeling with a 1540 nm Er:Glass laser and to evaluate the motivation of people for this type of treatment. 36 patients have a mean of 3 treatments every month provided by 9 dermatologists. A hemi-face was treated, the other was used as control. We evaluated with a questionnary the subjective effects, the safety of this treatment but also the motivation of the patients. Photographies were done and we also collected the doctors impressions with this laser. Only 32 patients were evaluated. Only 50% had good or mild results. Almost both patients and laserists thought that even if this laser is probably interesting for anti ageing prevention, its efficiency is insufficient for the dermatologists practice in the private exercise. © Nouv. Dermatol. 2006.
[Managements of masked mastoiditis].; To appreciate clinically of masked mastoiditis to explored how to reduce the incidence and associated morbidity of otogenic complications. Between January 1998 and February 2005, 11 cases of masked mastoiditis were collected retrospectively. Their clinical presentation, results of investigations, and response to treatment were reviewed. Of 11 cases, there were 8 cases with hearing impairment, 5 cases with otalgia, 4 cases with facial nerve palsy, one patient with postauricular subperiosteal abscess, one case with meningitis, and one with thrombosis of the lateral sinus. Computed tomography (CT) scan revealed blurring (haziness) of the mastoid air-cells. After admission, intravenous antibiotics were prescribed and antro-mastoidectomy or mastoidectomy was performed for eradication of infection source. The predominant finding at mastoidectomy was granulation tissue filling the mastoid cavity and antrum. A varying amount of pus and osteitis was found in the 5 cases. The granulations into the antrum were severe, obstructing the drainage into the attic and the middle ear. The mastoid tip cells were filled with granulation tissue which spared the antrum. The patients recovered excellently postoperative, without facial palsy, vertigo or other complications. To be a contemporary otologist, such severe complications of otologic diseases should not be overlooked. Appropriate intravenous antibiotics and adequate surgeries, as soon as possible, were recommended. Advanced CT scans of the temporal bone were necessary. Failure to identify associated concomitant pathology might result in treatment failure or persistent neurological deficit.
Otorhinolaryngologic manifestations of autoimmune rheumatic diseases; Otorhinolaryngologics manifestations of rheumatologic disorders represent a diagnostic challenge for the rheumatologist, the otorhinolaryngologist, and the general practicioner. Not uncommonly otorhinolaryngologics symptoms represent the initial sign of an otherwise asymptomatic or even undiagnosed autoimmune disorder which often calls for prompt and aggressive immunosuppressive treatment. Hearing disturbances may be seen in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, Wegener's granulomatosis, relapsing polychondritis, polyarteritis nodosa, Cogan's syndrome, Sjögren's syndrome, and less frequently in Churg-Strauss syndrome and Behçet's disease. Nose and paranasal sinuses are variably affected during the course of Wegener's granulomatosis, Churg-Strauss syndrome, relapsing polychondritis and sarcoidosis. Recurrent mucosal ulcerations are common in systemic lupus erythematosus and Behçet's disease. Xerostomia is a common feature of primary and secondary Sjögren's syndrome; salivary gland enlargement may be also seen in these patients, as well as in patients with sarcoidosis. The cricoarytenoid joint can be involved during the course of rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and gout; osteoarthritic changes have also been described. Trigeminal nerve dysfunction may occur in patients with Sjögren's syndrome, systemic sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus and mixed connective tissue disease. Peripheral facial nerve palsy has been described to complicate the course of Sjögren's syndrome and sarcoidosis.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting as otomastoiditis. A case report; A 55-year-old male presented with left-sided otorrhoea, hearing loss and tinnitus of 3 months duration. On clinical examination polypoid tissue was seen prolapsing in the external ear canal. A CT scan of the mastoid cells and middle ear showed otomastoiditis with osteolysis. Oral antibiotic therapy and eardrops were started. When a facial nerve paresis appeared one month later, a mastoidectomy was performed. The mastoid cells and middle ear were filled with a connective tissue-like substance. Postoperative corticosteroids were administered. Despite the therapy the facial nerve problem aggravated and the patient developed severe parietotemporal headache, meningeal irritation and somnolence. The diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis was hypothesised. Blood analysis, including c-ANCA's, culture of the otorrhoea and biopsies of the connective tissue were inconclusive. A CT scan of the brain showed thickening of the left tentorium. A biopsy of the dura indicated a diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis. The patient was treated with immunosuppressive medication with satisfactory results.
Study on clinical effectiveness of acupuncture and moxibustion on acute Bell's facial paralysis: randomized controlled clinical observation; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the adverse effects of acupuncture on the prognosis, and effectiveness of acupuncture combined with far infrared ray in the patient of acute Bell's facial paralysis within 48 h.
Observation on therapeutic effect of aponeurotic system penetration needling on peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe therapeutic effect of aponeurotic system penetration needling on peripheral facial paralysis.
Relationship between neurologic impairment and levels of plasma apolipoprotein A1 and B in patients with cerebral infarction; Aim: To evaluate the relationship between levels of plasma apolipoprotein (Apo) A1, Apo B, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and neurologic impairment in patients with cerebral infarction. Methods: Totally 238 acute cerebral infarction patients, who were diagnosed at the Department of Neurology, Second Xiangya Hospital, Central South University by CT or MRI between June 2004 and June 2005, were enrolled. At the 2nd day after hospitalizing and fasting for over 12 hours, 2 mL venous blood from elbow was gained in the morning so as to detect the concentration of plasma Apo A1, Apo B, HDL-C and LDL-C and the liver fun ction and renal function were measured at the same time. According to the size of infarcted focus it was assigned into big infracted focus (diameter ≥ 40 mm), moderate infarcted focus (diameter from 20-39 mm) and small infarcted focus (diameter < 20 mm). From low to high the concentrations of plasma Apo A1, Apo B, LDL-C and HDL-C were arranged in order. Difference of score of neurologic impairment and size of infarcted focus was compared in the degree of neurologic impairment between the groups that the levels located the first 10 percentages and the last 10 percentages. The scale of neurologic impairment was evaluated according to Modified Edinburgh-Scandinavia Stroke Scale (MESSS), which composed of consciousness, horizontal staring function, facial paralysis, language, muscle strength of upper limb, muscle strength of hand, muscle strength of lower limb and ability of walking. Results: All 238 patients were got their samples of venous blood and involved in the result analysis. 1 Apo A1: The average value was (1.26±0.22) mmol/L, and there were 26 patients that the levels of serum Apo A1 located the first 10 percentage, and the average value of neurologic impairment was (10.51±1.61), and there were 23 patients that the levels of serum ApoA1 located the last 10 percentage, the average value of neurologic impairment was (7.29±1.03). There was a significant difference in the neurologic impairment between the two groups (P < 0.01). Distribution of infarcted focus in the two groups had significant difference (P < 0.01). 2 ApoB: the average value was (0.87±0.23) mmol/L, and there were 24 patients that the levels of serum ApoB located the first 10 percentage. The average value of neurologic impairment was (9.67±2.14), and there were 21 patients that the levels of serum ApoB located the last 10 percentage. The average value of neurologic impairment was (11.63 ±2.39). There was no a significant difference in the neurologic impairment between the two groups (P > 0.05). 3HDL-C: The average value was (1.17±0.31) mmol/L, and there were 22 patients that the levels of serum HDL-C located the first 10 percentage. The average value of neurologic impairment was (10.13±1.92) and there were 23 patients that the levels of serum HDL-C located the last 10 percentage. The average value of neurologic impairment was (9.23±1.91). There was no a statistical difference in the neurologic impairment between the two groups (P > 0.05). 4 LDL-C: The average value was (2.89±0.98) mmol/L, there were 23 patients that the levels of serum LDL-C located the first 10 percentage. The average value of neurologic impairment was (10.00±2.22) and there were 23 patients that the levels of serum LDL-C located the last 10 percentage, and the average value of neurologic impairment was (11.96±2.09). There was no a statistical difference in the neurologic impairment between the two groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Score of neurologic impairment in patients with relatively high concentration of ApoA1 is lower as compared with the patients with relatively low concentration. It is indicated that the level of ApoA1 is related with the score of neurologic impairment, while the concentrations of ApoB, HDL-C and LDL-C have insignificant correlation with the neurologic impairment.
Condylar fracture repair: Use of the endoscope to advance traditional treatment philosophy; Traditional treatment of subcondylar fractures with maxillomandibular fixation often results in a malreduction and significant functional and aesthetic sequelae, including facial asymmetry, decreased jaw opening, and potential for late derangements of the temporomandibular joint. When used selectively, based on preoperative CT scans, the endoscopic technique will reliably restore condylar anatomy in nearly 95% of patients, thus obviating the consequences of malunion. Furthermore, unlike traditional open techniques no significant facial scarring or permanent facial nerve palsies have resulted. Thus, the authors strongly advocate endoscopic repair of adult condylar neck and subcondylar fractures that demonstrate displacement or dislocation and have adequate proximal bone stock to accept miniplate fixation. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Endoscopic approach for mandibular orthognathic surgery; The field of minimally invasive surgery is defined as the combination of surgical innovation with modern technology. This article describes the history of surgery and newer developments in endoscopic surgery for mandibular orthognathic surgery. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Imaging characteristics of toxoplasmosis encephalitis after bone marrow transplantation: Report of two cases and review of the literature; Toxoplasmosis encephalitis is a severe, but often misdiagnosed complication in patients after bone marrow transplantation (BMT). We describe the unique computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging features of cerebral toxoplasmosis in two bone marrow recipients and compare them to the cases in the literature. To our knowledge, this is the first report analyzing the appearance of cerebral toxoplasmosis on diffusion-weighted MR imaging (DWI). © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Cheilitis granulomatosa. Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare disorder characterized by a triad of recurrent orofacial swelling, recurrent paralysis of the facial nerve and lingua plicata. The complete triad only occurs in 25% of MRS cases. Monosymptomatic or oligosymptomatic variants are more frequent; other findings include granulomas in other facial sites, regional lymphadenopathy, fever, psychotic disorders and hyperplastic gingivitis are associated with MRS. This can be a diagnostic challenge. The etiology and pathogenesis of MRS are unknown. Corticosteroids or clofazimine appear the best therapeutic options. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2005.
Analysis of severe adverse events related to the use of mifepristone as an abortifacient; BACKGROUND: The systematic analysis of morbidity and mortality for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved medical abortion regimen using mifepristone is possible using data from the PDA's Adverse Event Reporting System. OBJECTIVE: To assess mifepristone's mortality, morbidity, sentinel events, and quality of postmarketing surveillance using mifepristone adverse event reports (AERs). METHODS: Six hundred seven unique mifepristone AERs submitted to the FDA over a 4 year span were coded using the National Cancer Institute's Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events. Coding was based only on data in AERs and may underestimate severity and treatment rendered. Two board-certified obstetrician/gynecologists, the authors, made individual evaluations, compared them, and agreed upon final coding. RESULTS: The most frequent AERs were hemorrhage (n = 237) and infection (66). Hemorrhages included 1 fatal, 42 life threatening, and 168 serious cases; 68 required transfusions. Infections included 7 cases of septic shock (3 fatal, 4 life threatening) and 43 cases requiring parenteral antibiotics. Surgical interventions were required in 513 cases (235 emergent, 278 nonemergent). Emergent cases included 17 ectopic pregnancies (11 ruptured). Second trimester viability was documented in 22 cases (9 lost to follow-up, 13 documented fetal outcome). Of the 13 documented cases, 9 were terminated without comment on fetal morphology, 1 was enrolled in fetal registry, and 3 fetuses were diagnosed with serious malformations, suggesting a malformation rate of 23%. CONCLUSIONS: Hemorrhage and infection are the leading causes of mifepristone-related morbidity and mortality. AERs relied upon by the FDA to monitor mifepristone's postmarketing safety are grossly deficient due to extremely poor quality.
Complications of ophthalmic regional blocks: Their treatment and prevention; Complications following ophthalmic regional anaesthesia are rare but are reported during both needle (intraconal and extraconal blocks) and blunt cannula (sub-Tenon's block) techniques. At present there is no perfect technique of ophthalmic regional anaesthesia. This article reports on the complications, treatment and prevention of commonly used ophthalmic regional blocks. Thorough knowledge of the measures required to deal with complications when they occur are of paramount importance for safe clinical practice. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG.
Anesthetic implications of Möbius syndrome; Möbius syndrome is a rare disorder characterized by unilateral or bilateral facial paralysis and defective extraocular eye movements secondary to congenital paresis of the facial (VII) and abducens (VI) cranial nerves. Associated dysfunction of other cranial nerves, orofacial abnormalities, and skeletal muscle hypotonia are common accompanying features. Given the multisystem involvement of Möbius syndrome, there are several potential perioperative concerns. Of primary importance to the anesthesia provider are the propensity for postoperative respiratory failure due to several pathological mechanisms, associated orofacial abnormalities that may make routine airway management difficult, the presence of gastroesophageal reflux and other factors that increase the risk of perioperative aspiration, and associated hypotonia of the skeletal musculature. The authors present a 10-month-old infant with Möbius syndrome who required anesthetic care during a Nissen fundoplication. The potential anesthetic implications of this syndrome are discussed. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Mediterranean spotted fever: A review of fifteen cases; We aimed to determine the following things: the frequency of patients with Mediterranean spotted fever (MSF) during the last 10 years among those patients admitted with fever and rash, their clinical features, and the factors predicting the diagnosis of MSF among patients admitted with fever and rash. Between 1993-2002, the files of all patients admitted to our hospital with fever and rash were collected. The clinical features and serologic results of the patients diagnosed with MSF were further investigated. The diagnosis of MSF was established by epidemiological and clinical features and also by the clinical response within 2 days after doxycycline treatment. During the previous 10 years, 140 patients were admitted with fever and rash, and 15 (10%; four females, 11 males; mean age: 41 years; range: 17-70) of them were diagnosed with MSF. Clinical features were as follows: fever (100%), rash (100%), myalgia and/or arthralgia (93%), headache (87%), petechiae (27%), tache noire (13%), leucocytosis (74%), thrombocytopenia (33%), and accelerated erythrocyte sedimentation rate (100%). In nine of these patients, the diagnosis of MSF was established by epidemiological and clinical features and was confirmed by serologic studies. As a complication, one patient developed facial paralysis. Six (40%) were given several antibiotics. In conclusion, MSF should be considered in the differential diagnosis when a patient is admitted with fever, maculopapular rash, headache, myalgia and/or arthralgia, especially in spring, summer, or autumn. © 2006 Japanese Dermatological Association.
Canal wall down mastoidectomy for cholesteatoma: Experience at the University of Crete; Objective: To evaluate clinical and audiologic data as well as operative findings and postoperative follow-up in the management of chronic cholesteatomatous otitis media with canal wall down mastoidectomy (CWDM). Study Design: A retrospective review of cases followed up between 1990 and 2002. Setting: Tertiary referral centre. Method: Two hundred one patients with chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma underwent CWDM. Main Outcome Measures: Clinical presentation, surgical findings, and audiologic evaluation were assessed. Results: Preoperatively, eight patients suffered from vertigo and four presented with facial nerve paralysis. In 40 patients (20%), erosion of the lateral semicircular canal was found, and in 31 patients (15%), there was dehiscence of the facial nerve canal. Dural plate erosion and sinus plate dehiscence were found in 13 and 17 patients, respectively. Nine patients experienced serious endocranial complications at their admission. The malleus was noted to be intact in the majority of patients in all age groups. The incus was eroded or absent in most of the cases in all age groups. On postoperative evaluation 3 months after surgery, 195 audiograms were performed, with a mean pure-tone average of 55 dB HL and a mean air-bone gap of 30 dB HL. Conclusion: Although CWDM has the disadvantages of the necessity to avoid water insertion in the external auditory canal and lifelong mastoid care, it is an effective treatment in a single-step procedure for patients with advanced disease and for those who refuse to submit to postoperative follow-up.
Intratumoral and brainstem hemorrhage in a patient with vestibular schwannoma and oral anticoagulant therapy; Objective: To report the first case of spontaneous intratumoral and brainstem hemorrhage in a patient with a vestibular schwannoma. Study Design: Case report and review of the literature. Setting: University-based, tertiary referral center. Patient: A 73-year-old woman with a vestibular schwannoma, anti-vitamin K overdose, and arterial hypertension experienced a rapid onset of headache, facial palsy, diplopia, and hoarseness. Interventions: The patient was admitted to the intensive care unit and treated with vitamin K and corticoids. Main Outcome Measures: Clinical and radiologic findings. Results: At admission, the magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomographic scans showed an intratumoral hemorrhage. The patient entered a coma 24 hours after the onset of the symptoms. At that time, the computed tomographic scan demonstrated a massive intratumoral and brainstem hemorrhage. The patient died 3 days later. Conclusion: Intratumoral, subarachnoid, and brainstem hemorrhages can occur in patients with vestibular schwannoma. Oral anticoagulant therapy is a risk factor for tumor-related hemorrhage. © 2006, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
MRI in Tolosa-Hunt syndrome associated with facial nerve palsy; A 44-year-old woman developed a severe right frontotemporal headache, retro-orbital pain, and, later, diplopia owing to right sixth nerve palsy. The brain MRI demonstrated strong enhancement of the right cavernous sinus. The sixth nerve palsy and headache improved with steroid therapy after 6 weeks. At that time, she suffered right peripheral facial nerve palsy. Enhancement of the distal canalicular and labyrinthic segment of the right facial nerve was found on contrast-enhanced MRI. To our knowledge, this is a very rare case of Tolosa-Hunt syndrome with facial nerve palsy, with simultaneous enhancement of the cavernous sinus and facial nerve on contrast-enhanced MRI.
New device for measuring lip pressure; Background and Aims: Although several studies have been conducted on measurement of lip pressure, no reliable method of measuring lip pressure is yet available. We developed a new device for measuring lip pressure, and in this paper we describe the device and the results obtained by measuring of lip pressure with it. Methods: The device consists of a lip pressure sensor and a pressure gauge (HANDY MANOMETER® Model PG-100). The lip pressure sensor is made of synthetic rubber. Lip pressure was measured in 40 subjects (20 males and 20 females; mean age, 26.9±3.6 years). Results: With lips closed, lip pressure was 96±26 g/cm2 (males: 104±31 g/cm 2, females: 89±26 g/cm2). With the lips pursed, the lip pressure was found to be 72±36 g/cm2 (males: 81 ±40 g/cm2, females: 62±30 g/cm2). Conclusions: The results indicated that the lip pressure is higher in males than in females. This device is useful for functional assessment of patients with facial paralysis or postoperative dysfunction of oral and maxillofacial surgery. Further measurements of lip pressure are required to determine the normal range of lip pressure.
11 Beta hydroxylase deficiency: A clinical study about seven cases; 11 beta-hydroxylase deficiency is a rare recessive autosomal disorder. The aim of this report was to describe among a retrospective study of seven cases, different clinical pictures. problems in diagnosis and management. Results: the frequency of 11beta-hydroxylase deficiency was 17.5% of congenital adrenal hypererplasia etiology in our study. Consanguinity was found in all cases. The sex ratio was 5 boys/2 girls. Median age on diagnosis was 4.3 years. Five cases were revealed with precocious puberty associated with hypertension. One patient had sexual ambiguity. Prader IV stage, hypertension appears later. One patient developed heterosexual precocious puberty and hypertension at five years of age. One patient had bilateral testicular adrenal rests. Hypertension was diagnosed early in 4 cases and secondarly in the other 3 cases. Hypertension was severe complicated by convulsions, facial paralysis and epistaxis. Hypo kaliemia was identified in six cases. Hormonal investigations confirmed diagnosis in all cases. The secondary sexual characteristics were controled by glucocorticoid substitution. Antihypertensive treatment was necessary initially and prolonged only in three cases. Prognosis of final height of patients with late diagnosis was particularly compromised.
Acute spontaneous cervical spinal epidural hematoma with hemiparesis as the initial presentation; Acute onset of hemiparesis is a common initial presentation of cerebral vascular accidents, but many differential diagnoses should be considered. Hemiparesis results from an upper motor neuron lesion above the midcervical spinal cord, and the absence of cranial nerve signs or facial palsy suggests a lesion in the high cervical spinal cord. Most spinal cord lesions, however, result in quadriparesis or paraparesis, but not hemiparesis. We present a rare case of acute spontaneous cervical spinal epidural hematoma, with initial presentation of right hemiparesis and mild neck pain. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Cerebral oxygenation and electrical activity after birth asphyxia: Their relation to outcome; OBJECTIVE. To determine the value of regional cerebral oxygen saturation (rSO2), fractional cerebral tissue oxygen extraction (FTOE) measured by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), and amplitude integrated electroencephalogram (aEEG) after birth asphyxia in relation to neurodevelopmental outcome. METHODS. NIRS measured rSO2, FTOE, and aEEG were monitored simultaneously, together with arterial oxygen saturation (SaO2) and blood pressure during the first 48 hours after severe birth asphyxia in 18 term infants. FTOE was calculated as [SaO2 - rSO2]/SaO2. Neurodevelopmental outcome was assessed at 3, 9, and 18 months and 3 and 5 years of age. At the time points 6, 12, 18, 24, 30, 36, 42, and 48 hours after birth, the mean values of SaO2, rSO 2, FTOE, and mean arterial blood pressure were calculated over a 1-hour period. A stepwise-regression model was used to investigate the relative contribution of rSO2, FTOE, or aEEG to developmental outcome. RESULTS. Nine Infants died during the neonatal period as a result of neurologic deterioration, and 8 infants had a normal outcome at 5 years of age. One child developed learning disabilities and a mild diplegia. The rSO2 and FTOE remained stable in infants with a normal outcome. The rSO2 increased and the FTOE decreased after 24 hours in the infants with an adverse outcome. (rSO2: 65% vs 84% at 12 and 48 hours, respectively; FTOE: 0.32 vs 0.12 at 12 and 48 hours, respectively). aEEG showed the closest relationship with outcome, but also rSO2 showed a significant correlation 24 hours after birth. CONCLUSIONS. rSO2 and FTOE seem to reflect secondary energy failure. aEEG showed the closest relationship with outcome after severe birth asphyxia. Copyright © 2006 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Analysis on therapeutic effects of different acupuncture times on peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe clinical therapeutic effects of different acupuncture times on peripheral facial paralysis.
Combination of electric acupuncture grouping anticipation and facial nervous electromyogram in the treatment of infranuclear facial palsy in 80 patients; Aim: To observe the clinical curative effect of combination of electric acupuncture grouping anticipation and facial nervous electromyogram examination in the treatment of infranuclear facial palsy. Methods: Eighty inpatients and outpatients with infranuclear facial palsy of Jinan Fourth People's Hospital from September 2002 to Febuary 2005 were selected and divided into general type and stubborn type according to the acupoints of electric acupuncture. General type was taken as electric acupuncture group I (group I), stubborn type as electric acupuncture group II (group II), and combined therapic group. Patients in group I and II received electric acupuncture therapy: At point of Yangbai (GB 14), Taiyang (Extra), Dicang (ST 4), Xiaguan (ST 7), Fengchi (GB 20), Yifeng (SJ 17), Yingxiang (LI 20), Cuanzhu (BL 2), Chengjiang (RN 24) in the injured side. Meanwhile, uninjured side of connected valleys was treated with electric acupuncture therapic meter following acupuncture at the frequency of (120-250) times per minute, and needle was remained once a day for 30 minutes each time. One progress included 10 days, and there were an interval of 2 days between progresses. Combined therapic group: At the same time of routine electric acupuncture therapy, patients received moderate manoeuvre stimulation plus acupunture at Zusanli with supplementing method once every 10 minutes. Facial injured side was locally irradiated mainly at Xiaguan (ST 7), Yifeng (SJ 17) with special electromagnetic waves from (30-40) cm in proper temperature. Treated with combination of electric acupuncture and irradiation once a day for 40 minutes each time. One progress included 10 days, and there were an interval of 2 days between progresses. Patients all received facial nervous electromyogram examination. Results: A total of 80 patients entered the final analysis, no one withdrew from the experiment. 1 Comparison of curative effect among groups: 43 patients in group I and 42 patients in group II recovered, which accounted for 95%, only 15 cases of 37 patients of stubborn type recovered, which accounted for 30% and 53% respectively in group II and the combined therapic group, the differences were markedly (P < 0.05). 2 Comparison of effective progress in patients of different types: Patients in group I mainly recovered within two progresses; Patients in group II and combined therapic group mainly tured better in the 2nd and 3rd progress even more than 3 progresses, of whom the curative time was much longer. 3 Comparion of M wave in facial neural latency in patients of different types: It was prolonged to different extend in 80 patients, and the wave amplitude of M wave was decreased. Compared with uninjured side, differences were significant (P < 0.01). The wave amplitude ratios of M wave in the injured side and uninjured side in 35 patients > 50%, that of 32 patients between 50% and 30%, that of 13 patients < 30 %. Follow-up was done 3 months later, the wave amplitude ratios of M wave in 5 patients < 30% with obvious physical signs of facial paralysis, that of 67 patients < 30% with physical signs of facial paralysis mainly recovered. 4 Comparison of percentage according to the grouping standard of electromyogram: 41 ones in 43 patients of general type recovered, which accounted for 95%, 15 ones in 31 light of moderate patients of stubborn type recovered, which accounted for 48%, 5 patients with invalid effect indicated severe nervous lesion. Facial nervous electromyogram was clssified according to the prolonging of facial neural motor latency and nervous lesion. In judging the prognosis of patients, although the classification is accurate to some extent, grouping anticipation was more direct and clearer in comparison with the combination of electric acupuncture and acupoint grouping. Conclusion: Electric acupuncture grouping can anticipate the prognosis of disease and compare the status of facial nervous electromyogram, so as to judge whether the prognosis is coincident. Meanwhile, It can adjust the therapic approach and reduce the sequelaes according to the grouping.
Etanercept and clinical outcomes, fatigue, and depression in psoriasis: Double-blind placebo-controlled randomised phase III trial; Background: Psoriasis has substantial psychological and emotional effects. We assessed the effect of etanercept, an effective treatment for the clinical symptoms of psoriasis, on fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with the condition. Methods: 618 patients with moderate to severe psoriasis received double-blind treatment with placebo or 50 mg twice-weekly etanercept. The primary efficacy endpoint was a 75% or greater improvement from baseline in psoriasis area and severity index score (PASI 75) at week 12. Secondary and other endpoints included the functional assessment of chronic illness therapy fatigue (FACIT-F) scale, the Hamilton rating scale for depression (Ham-D), the Beck depression inventory (BDI), and adverse events. Efficacy analyses were based on the allocated treatment. Analyses and summaries of safety data were based on the actual treatment received. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov with the identifier NCT00111449. Findings: 47% (147 of 311) of patients achieved PASI 75 at week 12, compared with 5% (15 of 306) of those receiving placebo (p<0·0001; difference 42%, 95% CI 36-48). Greater proportions of patients receiving etanercept had at least a 50% improvement in Ham-D or BDI at week 12 compared with the placebo group; patients treated with etanercept also had significant and clinically meaningful improvements in fatigue (mean FACIT-F improvement 5·0 vs 1·9; p<0·0001, difference 3·0, 95% CI 1·6-4·5). Improvements in fatigue were correlated with decreasing joint pain, whereas improvements in symptoms of depression were less correlated with objective measures of skin clearance or joint pain. Interpretation: Etanercept treatment might relieve fatigue and symptoms of depression associated with this chronic disease.
A comparison of conceptions concerning rehabilitation following facial nerve injuries in children; Background. The authors studied the dynamics of the improvement of facial muscle motor function in children with peripheral facial nerve paresis. The objective of the present investigations is the comparison of the therapeutic effect achieved in children with peripheral facial nerve paresis using neurophysiological stimulation with the effects obtained with laser biostimulation and electrostimulation. Material and methods. 51 children with peripheral damage of the facial nerve symptoms were examined. To assess the function of the above muscles, a "0" to "3" score scale developed by Pietruski was used. The children were divided into three groups: Group 1 (N=17) received laser biostimulation (4-6 J/cm2, 3-4 procedures per week, 20 procedures per series, a CTL-1106 MX 830 nm, 400 mW laser manufactured by Laser Instruments); Group 2 children (N=17) were subjected to a therapy that combined elements of three neurophysiological methods: the reflex therapy developed by Vojta, method PNF and elements of the Castillo-Morales method; Group 3 patients (N=17) were subjected to impulse electrostimulation (an Pulsotronic ST-5D electrostimulator manufactured, with impulse duration of 80-180 ms, frequency of 1 - 4 Hz and amplitude of 20 - 60 mA). All the children were subjected to passive, passive-active and active motor exercises of the facial muscles and delicate massage. Results. In the first examination at the beginning of therapy, mimical muscle function was poor and the score low: in Group 1 - 4.2, Group 2 - 4.8 and in Group 3 - 6.2. In consequence of various types of stimulatory treatment, the mean time of muscle function restoration in the investigated patients was as follows: Group 1 - 33.4 days, Group 2 - 22,9 days and Group 3-41.7 days. Conclusion. Reflex forms of therapy using the methods of PNF, Castillo-Morales and Vojta constitute an effective and commonly available rehabilitative treatment modality in peripheral damage to the facial nerve. Effectiveness of electrostimulation turn out to be very low that is why using this method in peripheral facial nerve paralysis treatment isn't crucial. © Medsportpress, 2006.
Etanercept and efalizumab for the treatment of psoriasis: A systematic review; Objectives: To evaluate the clinical effectiveness, safety, tolerability and cost-effectiveness of etanercept and efalizumab for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Data sources: Major electronic databases and several Internet resources were searched up to April 2004. Review methods: Systematic reviews were undertaken of the efficacy, safety and economic reviews of etanercept and efalizumab. An existing systematic review of the efficacy and safety of other treatments was also updated. Economic models supplied by the manufacturers of etanercept and efalizumab were critiqued. An economic model was then developed of etanercept and efalizumab in the treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. Results: The review of the clinical evidence identified a total of 39 published and three unpublished studies: eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the efficacy of etanercept (three trials) and efalizumab (five); 10 studies of the adverse effects of the interventions; and 24 RCTs of the efficacy of the other treatments for moderate to severe psoriasis. The trials of the efficacy of the interventions were all double-blind and placebo-controlled trials and generally of good quality, but three of the five efalizumab trials were poorly reported. A total of 1347 patients were included in the etanercept trials and 2963 in the efalizumab trials. Data on the efficacy of etanercept 25 mg twice a week for 12 weeks were available from three RCTs. On average, active treatment resulted in 62% of patients achieving a Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 50, 33% achieving a PASI 75, 11% achieving a PASI 90 and 40% were assessed as clear or almost clear. These figures are not adjusted for changes relative to placebo. Improvement in quality of life as assessed by mean percentage change in Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) was around 59% with etanercept 25 mg twice a week compared with 9% with placebo, and all mean differences that could be calculated were statistically significantly in favour of etanercept. Data on the efficacy of etanercept 50 mg twice a week for 12 weeks were available from two RCTs. Across the two trials, the proportion of patients achieving PASI 50, 75 and 90 was 76, 49 and 21%, respectively; the pooled relative risks were all statistically significantly in favour of etanercept. The findings for mean PASI after treatment, mean percentage change in PASI from baseline and mean percentage change in DLQI also demonstrated the efficacy of etanercept treatment. Evidence from one RCT indicates that the response to etanercept is maintained post-treatment, at least in the medium term, and data from uncontrolled follow-up phases reflect and extend these findings. Efalizumab at a dose of 1 mg/kg once a week subcutaneously was studied in five RCTs. Across these trials, 12 weeks of active treatment resulted in an average of 55% of patients achieving PASI 50, 27% PASI 75, 4.3% PASI 90 and 27% clear or minimal psoriasis status. These figures are not adjusted for changes relative to placebo. There is no evidence from RCTs that the response to efalizumab 1 mg/kg once a week is maintained when treatment continues beyond 12 weeks, and long-term follow-up data relate to a range of doses and are poorly reported and so cannot be used to draw even tentative conclusions regarding the long-term efficacy of efalizumab. Uncontrolled data from trial follow-up suggest that time to relapse may be around 60 days. No data indicating the existence or absence of any rebound in psoriasis after discontinuation of efalizumab were identified. There is no evidence relating to the efficacy of efalizumab upon retreatment. A mixed treatment comparison analysis found a higher response rate in terms of PASI 50, 75 and 90 with etanercept than with efalizumab. Injection site reactions appear to be the most common adverse effects of etanercept. Overall, etanercept appears to be well tolerated in short- and long-term use, although many of the long-term data are not from patients with psoriasis. Headache, chills and, to a lesser extent, nausea, myalgia, pain and fever are the common adverse events associated with efalizumab. Overall, withdrawal rates due to adverse events are low. Longer term data for efalizumab are not readily available for evaluation, but the adverse events data up to 3 years appear to reflect those over 12 weeks and to remain stable. Unfortunately, few data for serious infections and serious adverse events with efalizumab are available. For the primary analysis comparing etanercept, efalizumab and supportive care, the results of the York Model suggest that the biological therapies would only be cost-effective for all patients with moderate to severe psoriasis if the NHS were willing to pay over £60,000 per QALY gained. In patients with poor baseline quality of life (fourth quartile DLQI), efalizumab, etanercept 25 mg (intermittent), etanercept 25 mg (continuous) and etanercept 50 mg (intermittent) would be cost-effective as part of a treatment sequence if the NHS were willing to pay £45,000, £35,000, £45,000 and £65,000 per QALY gained, respectively. In patients who are also at high risk of inpatient hospitalisation (21 days per annum), these therapies would be cost-effective as part of a sequence as long as the NHS were willingness to pay £25,000, £20,000, £25,000 and £45,000 per QALY gained, respectively. As part of a secondary analysis including a wider range of systemic therapies as comparators, the York Model found that it would only be cost-effective to use etanercept and efalizumab in a sequence after methotrexate, ciclosporin and Fumaderm. Conclusions: Clinical trial data indicate that both etanercept and efalizumab are efficacious in patients who are eligible for systemic therapy, but the economic evaluation demonstrates that these biological therapies are likely to be cost-effective only in patients with poor baseline QoL and who are at risk of hospitalisation. Efficacy trials conducted in the specific population for which etanercept and efalizumab are licensed are required, as are long-term comparisons of etanercept and efalizumab with other treatments for moderate to severe psoriasis. Long-term efficacy trials and safety/tolerability data for patients treated with etanercept or efalizumab are required, as are trials on the response of specific subtypes of psoriasis to different drugs. Research on the rate of inpatient hospitalisation in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis is warranted, and the effect of treatment on this rate. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2006. All rights reserved.
Vein transplantation using human umbilical cord blood stem cells in the treatment of stroke sequela; Background: Transplanted mononuclear cell (MNC) of umbilical blood can survive in central nervous system (CNS) of host through blood brain barrier, differentiate into nerve cells, migrate to damaged site and integrate morphological structure and function with nerve cells of host so as to improve deficiencies of sensatory function, motor function and cognitive function and influence on stroke sequela. Objective: To observe the vein transplantation of human umbilical cord blood stem cells (HUCBSC) for improving neurological function, limb function and activity of daily living of patients with stroke and evaluate the reliability. Design: Self-controlled study. Setting: Department of Neurosurgery, the Second People's Hospital of Zhengzhou City; Red-crossed Blood Center of Henan Province; Department of Neurosurgery, the Fist Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University. Participants: A total of 10 patients with stroke sequela were selected from Department of Cerebral Surgery, the Second People's Hospital of Zhengzhou City from April to December 2005. There were 9 males and 1 female aged from 35 to 75 years with the mean age of 56 years. All of them were diagnosed with CT and MRI examination and coincidence with diagnostic criteria of stroke established by the Fourth National Academic Meeting for Cerebrovascular Disease. All patients provided informed consent. Methods: 80-140 mL umbilical blood of term birth of newborn was selected hermetically and maintained in sterile plastic bag. And then, the blood was centrifugated at the speed of 1 500 r/min for 30 minutes at 22 °C in order to separate MNC, i.e., HUCBSC. In addition, after final diagnosis during hospitalization, stroke patients were perfused with HUCBSC through superficial vein of back of the hand. Each patient was averagely perfused with 6 portions of HUCBSC (cellular numbers ≥ 1 × 108/portion) and the interval between each portion was 1-7 days with the mean interval of 4 days. Main outcome measures: 1 Neurological function of stroke patients was evaluated with neurological function deficiency (NFD) before treatment and at 3 months after treatment. The scale includes consciousness, level fix function, facial paralysis, language, muscle force of upper limbs, muscle force of lower limb and step function. The total scores ranged from 0 to 45; meanwhile, the lower the scores were, the better the neurological function was. 2 Motor function of injured limbs was evaluated with Fugl-Meyer Assessment (FMA), including motor function of upper limbs, motor function of lower limbs, balance ability, sensory function and motion of joint. The total scores ranged from 0 to 226; meanwhile, the higher the scores were, the better the motor function of limbs was. 3 Activities of daily living (ADL) was evaluated with Barthel Index (BI), including having meals, taking a bath, dressing oneself, puffing on clothes, walking in balance and stair activity. The total scores ranged from 0 to 100; meanwhile, the higher the scores were, the stronger the ADL was. Results: A total of 10 patients were involved in the final analysis. After treatment, NFD of stroke patients was (10.9±5.09) points, which was lower than that before treatment [(25.4±6.09) points, t =8.213, P < 0.01]. In addition, after treatment, FMA and BI of stroke patients were (80.9±25.00) points and (81.1±15.93) points, re spectively, which were higher than those before treatment [(31.9±21.85) points, (36.2±19.41) points, t =13.024, 13.670, P < 0.01]. Immuno-suppressive drugs were not used during the whole therapeutic procedure; moreover, immunological rejection and allergic reaction were not observed during the same period. Conclusion: Transplanting HUCBSC through superficial vein of back of the hand is regarded as a simple and safe method for the treatment of stroke sequela.
Neuroprotective effect of shenfu injection after intra-arterial thrombolysis; Background: Within 3 hours after ischemic stroke, thrombolysis can improve prognosis of patients; however, cerebral edema and cerebral hemorrhage induced by vascular recanalization at an early phase can influence on therapeutic effect of thrombolysis; therefore, thrombolysis is combined with neuroprotective agent for recently clinical treatment. Objective: To evaluate the neuroprotective effect of shenfu injection on patients with ischemic stroke after arterial thrombolysis and compare with the controls. Design: Case-controlled study. Setting: Department of Medical Image, Second Hospital of Hebei Medical University. Participants: A total of 45 patients with acute stroke were selected from Emergency Department or Neurological Department of the Second Hospital of Hebei Medical University from August 2005 to May 2006. All patients were met the diagnosis criteria published by the Fourth National Stroke Conference and had middle cerebral arterial embolism with angiography. Attacked course was less than 6 hours. Patients did not have a history of stroke. Scores of the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) were not less than 4 points and patients were aged from 18 to 80 years. All subjects consented of the whole therapeutic process. Methods: 1 Intermittent perfusion was used to treat intra-arterial thrombolysis. Thirty patients with vascular recanalization or partially vascular recanalization (18 males and 12 females) were randomly divided into treatment group and control group with 15 in each group. There was no significant difference of baseline data between the two groups. After recanalization, patients in treatment group were given 20 mL shenfu injection, which consisted of ginseng saponin and aconitine (Ya'an Sanjiu Pharmaceutical Company, batch number: 041013, 10 mL/ampoule) and slowly injected into vein for longer than 5 minutes. And then, patients were intravenously dripped with 50 mL shenfu injection and 50 g/L 250 mL glucose solution once a day for 2 courses. Fourteen days were regarded as a course. Patients in control group were treated with the same volume of glucose solution (50 g/L), and other processes in this group were as the same as those in treatment group. 2 NIHSS scores before thrombolysis and at 24 hours after thrombolysis: Patients were scored as the follows: level of consciousness, staring, sight, facial paralysis, upper limb movement, lower limb movement, incoordination, sense, language, dysarthria and neglect. Total scores ranged from 0 to 42, and the more the scores were, the more obvious the symptom was. 3 Patients were checked with head CT examination at 24 hours after thrombolysis. 4 Modified Rankin scores at 3 months after thrombolysis: Total scores ranged from 0 to 6. 0: symptomless; 6: death; 0-2: well; 3-6: poor. 5 Adverse events and side effects were checked after thrombolysis. Main outcome measures: 1 Comparison of NIHSS scores between the two groups before and after thrombolysis; 2 comparison of modified Rankin scores at 3 months after thrombolysis; 3 comparison of adverse events and side effects. Results: Among 45 patients with ischemic stroke, 30 ones with vascular recanalization were involved in the final analysis. 1 Comparison of NIHSS scores before and after thrombolysis: After thrombolysis, NIHSS scores were 5 in treatment group and 8 in control group, which were lower than those before thrombolysis (12, 13; U=2.054, 1.652; P < 0.05). At 24 hours after thrombolysis, NIHSS score was 5 in treatment group, which was lower than that in control group (8, U=2.157, P < 0.05). 2 Comparison of modified Rankin scores at 3 months after thrombolysis: Rankin scores which were regarded as well accounted for 93% (14/15) in treatment group, which was higher than those in control group (53%, 8/15, P < 0.05). 3 Comparison of adverse events and side effects: Patients in treatment group did not have cerebral hemorrhage and whole-body hemorrhage with head CT examination; meanwhile, all patients were living at 24 hours after thrombolysis. Among 2 patients with cerebral hemorrhage, 1 case were dead in control group with head CT examination at 24 hours after thrombolysis. Conclusion: Intra-arterial thrombolysis combined with shenfu injection plays a neuroprotective role in ischemic stroke; additionally, it is safe for patients.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis for facial nerve palsy following surgery for vestibular schwannoma: Retrospective analysis of 13 patients; Objective: Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis for the purpose of reanimating the muscles of facial expression is a well known procedure with variable published results. In this retrospective clinical study, we aimed to evaluate the results of our series of patients who underwent hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis operation for facial palsy following vestibular schwannoma surgery and discuss the current and alternative surgical techniques. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated the records of 13 patients operated at the Cerrahpasa Medical Faculty Neurosurgery Clinic between 1991 and 2005 for vestibular schwannoma who had postoperative facial nerve palsy and in whom hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis was done. There were 9 female and 4 male patients with a mean age of 44.5 (Range 29-59) The preoperative facial nerve function of all patients was evaluated with the House-Brackmann (HB) grading for the facial nerve. Loss of integrity of CN VII was detected intraoperatively during the first operation for tumor resection by the operating surgeons in all cases and postoperatively all patients had complete facial palsies with HB grades of VI. All the patients were re-operated within 6 months following tumor resection. The mean time interval between the operations was found to be 2.2 months. The postoperative facial function was analysed at 3 months intervals by using HB grading. Results: In the majority of the cases (9 cases) the first signs of reinnervation were detected between 3 and 6 months after surgery. The recovery HB grades were III in 7 patients, IV in 3 patients and V in 2 patients. In one patient, the operative result was a failure with a recovery HB grade of VI. Among all patients, eight had severe hemitongue atrophy and hemiglossal functional loss in the postoperative follow up period. In the remaining patients the hemitongue atrophy was found to be moderate. Conclusion: Facial nerve reanimation should be performed in every patient suffering from facial nerve paralysis as a complication of VS surgery. Despite some of its disadvantages, the hypoglossal nerve transposition and end-to-end anastomosis directly to the facial nerve appears to be an effective and reliable technique with constant and satisfying results.
Rituximab: A promising therapy in systemic lupus erythematosus; Several trials of new immunologic agents in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) have recently been undertaken. Rituximab, a chimeric antibody directed against CD20 on B lymphocytes, has emerged as a promising therapy. Based upon preliminary data, clinical efficacy of rituximab has been documented in both pediatric and adult-onset SLE patients. The specific manifestations reported to be beneficially affected include lupus nephritis, arthralgia/arthritis, serositis, cutaneous vasculitis, mucositis, rashes, fatigue and neurologic symptoms. Although rituximab's mechanisms of action are incompletely understood, the effects of rituximab are likely mediated by antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity and the induction of apoptosis. The resultant repopulation of B cells, alteration of abnormal B cell homeostasis and down-regulation of co-stimulatory molecules on both B and T cells all likely contribute to clinical efficacy. Good tolerability of rituximab is reported with rare serious side effects. The positive response to rituximab verifies a central role for B cells in SLE. This article highlights the clinical experience of rituximab therapy in both pediatric and adult-onset SLE. These data suggest a promising role for rituximab in the treatment of SLE. Further controlled trials and long-term outcome studies are imperative to further define its clinical application and to improve the care of patients. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Facial nerve paralysis caused by middle ear cholesteatoma and effects of surgical intervention; Conclusions. The clinical and surgical findings of this study indicated advanced cholesteatoma in many patients with facial paralysis. The outcome of facial paralysis was good. Poor outcomes were observed in cases with petrosal cholesteatoma and in those who underwent surgery ≥2 months after the onset of paralysis. Objective. To investigate clinical features of cholesteatoma associated with facial paralysis. Material and methods. Sixteen patients with facial paralysis due to middle ear cholesteatoma were reviewed. After removal of the cholesteatoma lesion, a limited area of the fallopian canal, that in which facial nerve edema or redness was evident, was opened. Incision of the epineural sheath for nerve decompression was not performed. Results. Initial paralysis was incomplete in 11 patients (69%). The onset of paralysis was sudden in 12 patients (75%). Labyrinthine fistulae (n = 9; 56%) and bone destruction in the cranial fossa (n = 10; 63%) were frequently observed. Six patients (38%) were totally deaf due to labyrinthitis. The outcome of facial paralysis was good in 13 patients (81%). Patients who underwent surgery ≥2 months after the onset of paralysis frequently had a poor outcome. Paralysis was not improved in two cases with petrosal cholesteatoma. © 2006 Taylor & Francis.
Chronic suppurative otitis media: A review; Objectives: Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) remains one of the most common childhood chronic infectious diseases worldwide. Although microbial, immunological, and genetically determined factors, as well as Eustachian tube characteristics, are supposed to be involved in the pathogenesis of CSOM, many aspects of the pathogenesis of CSOM still need to be clarified. Optimal treatment strategy has not been established yet. The objective of this review is to present and evaluate the current state of knowledge of CSOM. Design: Systematic narrative review. Methods: A PubMed search (1966-January 2005) was performed for studies on epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical management, and complications of CSOM. All included articles were categorized according to level of evidence. Results: Five hundred and fifty papers were identified, of which 79 were found to be relevant for this review. The definition of CSOM was found to vary. CSOM is a multifactorial disease. Regarding management of CSOM, there is no consensus as to what the optimal management strategy should entail. No convincing evidence is available for most medical and surgical therapies. Topical quinolones have proven effective, but need further monitoring regarding adverse effects. Conclusions and recommendations: Important goals in research of CSOM should be achieving consensus about the definition of CSOM and gaining more in-depth knowledge of the pathogenesis of CSOM, especially the role of innate and adaptive immunity. There is also a need for further well-designed studies on the effectiveness of various management strategies for CSOM. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Unilateral hearing loss as a presenting manifestation of granulocytic sarcoma (Chloroma); Objective: To present a case of acute granulocytic sarcoma of the cerebellopontine angle whose presenting symptom was sudden onset unilateral sensorineural hearing loss. Study Design: Case report and review of the literature (MEDLINE, 1962-2005). Methods: A 34-year-old female patient with acute myeloid leukemia on remission admitted because of sudden hearing loss in her right ear for 10 days. She had experienced occasional tinnitus, ear fullness, and dizziness for a couple of months. After confirmation of her audiometric findings with auditory brainstem responses, the patient was put on a treatment regimen for sudden hearing loss. Results: On the second day of treatment, she developed ipsilateral facial paralysis, hoarseness caused by ipsilateral vocal fold paralysis, and nystagmus. Magnetic resonance imaging of the cranium revealed findings consistent with granulocytic sarcoma at the cerebellopontine angle, infiltrating the internal acoustic canal. As increased intracranial pressure symptoms developed subsequently, subtotal tumor resection was performed. However, the patient was lost, with Cushing's triad at the second postoperative month during postoperative chemotherapy. Conclusion: Although up to 40% of leukemic patients may have otologic symptoms, sudden onset of sensorineural hearing loss is very rare. The patient presented in this report is the first reported case with a granulocytic sarcoma of the cerebellopontine angle who presented with acute sensorineural hearing loss. Despite the rarity of such a case, we would like to emphasize that leukemia must be kept in mind as an etiologic factor in sensorineural hearing loss and suggest that complete blood count and temporal bone imaging be routinely obtained. © 2005, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
A useful augmented lateral tarsal strip tarsorrhaphy for paralytic ectropion; Objective: Patients with paralytic ectropion and lagophthalmos may experience keratitis and may pose a functional and aesthetic surgical challenge. Various methods are used to reduce the vertical palpebral aperture, including lateral tarsal strip (LTS) or a lateral tarsorrhaphy. We modified the LTS to differentially shorten and elevate the lower lid more than the upper: an augmented LTS tarsorrhaphy (aug-LTS-T). This study aimed to evaluate the technique. Design: Prospective noncomparative surgical trial in which preoperative and postoperative symptoms, margin reflex distances, vertical palpebral aperture (PA), lagophthalmos, and corneal findings were recorded. The data were analyzed at 6 months after surgery using the Wilcoxon sign-rank test for nonparametric data. Participants: Fourteen consecutive adult patients (15 eyelids) with chronic lagophthalmos and paralytic ectropion. Methods: Patients underwent aug-LTS-T. This consisted of a long strip (10-15 mm) that is attached to the outer temporal orbital rim, at a point higher than a conventional LTS. It included removal of a small part of the upper eyelid anterior lamella laterally to pass the long strip up high enough. Main Outcome Measures: Improvement of symptoms, reduction of lower margin reflex distance, lagophthalmos, and improvement of corneal signs. Results: Minimum follow-up was 6 months. There was a significant reduction in PA (P = 0.005) and lagophthalmos (P = 0.0002) with improvement of corneal signs (14 of 15 eyelids = 93%). Surgery was successful anatomically in 14 of 15 eyelids (93%) with low morbidity. Conclusions: We describe the augmented LTS tarsorrhaphy and find it effective in the treatment of severe lower eyelid ectropion resulting from facial palsy. © 2006 by the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
Physiotherapy rehabilitation of the smile after long-term facial nerve palsy using video self-modeling and implementation intentions; OBJECTIVE: To improve smiling after long-term facial nerve palsy (FNP). Physiotherapy rehabilitation of an adapted (more symmetrical) smile was investigated in FNP subjects 1 year post-onset, using video self-modeling (video replay of only best adapted smiles) and implementation intentions (preplanning adapted smiles for specific situations). STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective, blinded clinical trial. Facial-Nerve-Palsy Clinic. RESULTS: After video self-modeling: 1) reaction time (RT) to initiation of adapted smiles became 224 ms faster whereas RT for everyday (asymmetrical) smiles became 153 ms slower; 2) adapted smiles were completed 544 ms faster; 3) adapted smiles had higher overall quality, movement control, and symmetry ratings; and 4) Facial Disability Index scores also improved. Implementation intentions after video self-modeling ensured transfer of adapted smile to everyday situations. CONCLUSION: Following intervention the smile improved, with significant changes in availability, execution speed, and quality. SIGNIFICANCE: This study supports these rehabilitation techniques to maximize quality of smiling following FNP. EBM rating: B-2b. © 2006 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Surgical approaches to juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma; Introduction: Juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibromas are highly vascular, non-encapsulated tumours affecting predominantly young males. These lesions are benign histologically but they may become life-threatening with excessive bleeding or intracranial extension. Material and methods: The surgical approaches to 22 male patients with nasopharyngeal angiofibromas are reviewed. A modification of midfacial degloving performed without rhinoplasty incisions and lateral osteotomies is described. Results: The patients' ages ranged between 9 and 26 years (mean 14.9). Three stage I tumours, 8 stage II tumours, 6 stage III tumours and 5 stage IV tumours were included into this study. All stage I lesions and one stage II lesion were treated via transnasal endoscopic approach. A modified midfacial degloving approach was used for the removal of seven other stage II lesions, all six stage III lesions, and three stage IV lesions. A combined midfacial degloving-infratemporal fossa Fisch C-transcranial approach was the route chosen for the remaining two stage IV lesions. The complications encountered in the postoperative course include temporary facial palsy in one patient (following a Fisch C infratemporal resection), mild crusting in the nasal cavity in 8 patients, and facial paraesthesia in 6 patients whose tumours were resected via midfacial degloving, and rupture of the subpetrous part of the internal carotid artery in one patient. Conclusion: The suggested treatment of juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma consists of an endoscopic transnasal approach for early stage lesions, and a modified midfacial degloving for almost all of the advanced lesions. The latter approach is very useful considering surgical exposure, duration of surgery, cosmetic outcome, and morbidity. It can be combined with an infratemporal approach or craniotomy if necessary. © 2005 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Hook elevation in reducing the isolated zygomatic arch fractures: Is it really a simple and an effective method?; The efficacy of the bone hook elevation method to reduce isolated zygomatic arch fractures was evaluated. Thirty-seven patients with isolated and simple zygomatic arch fractures in whom bone hook elevation was performed between 1992 and 2000 were evaluated. In all the cases, adequate reduction was achieved without any serious complications. The complications encountered were 13.5% imperfect reduction, which could only be diagnosed radiologically, and 16.2% of transient frontal branch paralysis due to anesthesia. The bone hook elevation method is an easy and very inexpensive procedure for the immediate treatment of isolated simple zygomatic arch fractures. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Herpes simplex encephalitis: Diagnostic problems and late relapse; A 5-year-old female presented with prolonged afebrile right-sided focal seizures, right brachio-facial paralysis, and dysarthria; consciousness was not altered. Fever appeared 20 hours after onset of neurological symptoms. At admission (day 1) cerebral computerized tomography and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analyses were normal including undetectable alpha-interferon (α-IFN) and negative herpes simplex virus (HSV) polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Acyclovir was started at a dosage of 60mg/kg/day for 21 days and neurological symptoms improved. Cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed lesions in the left thalamus and left parietal lobe. On day 8, CSF contained an elevated leukocyte count with a predominance of lymphocytes, but α-IFN and HSV DNA were still undetectable. Delayed intrathecal synthesis of specific anti-HSV antibodies was found on day 26 and confirmed herpes simplex encephalitis (HSE) diagnosis. Twenty months after this episode, the patient presented with a febrile meningeal syndrome. PCR detected HSV DNA in CSF and cerebral imaging showed a new left temporal lesion. At relapse onset, intrathecal synthesis of specific anti-HSV antibodies had disappeared. Acyclovir was started at a dosage of 60mg/kg/day for 21 days and neurological status improved. At discharge, neurological examination showed right hemiparesis and bucco-facial dyspraxia. Diagnostic problems of HSE diagnosis in children are highlighted. It is suggested that the premature disappearance of intrathecal synthesis of a specific anti-HSV antibody might play a permissive role in the resurgence of cerebral viral replication.
Clinical studies of 133 cases of major salivary gland tumors; We reviewed 133 cases of major salivary gland tumors treated in our department during the past 10 years and investigated the accuracy and diagnostic impact of preoperative radiological examination. Of the 133 cases, 110 were originated from the parotid gland and 23 were from the submandibular gland. According to the WHO classifications (1991), the most common benign tumor both in the parotid and the submandibular glands was pleomorphic adenoma, followed by Warthin's tumor. Mucoepidermoid carcinoma was the most common malignant tumor in both glands, followed by adenocarcinoma and adenoid cystic carcinoma. A combination of preoperative examination including CT, MRI, ultrasound echography, radioisotope imaging, and fine needle aspiration biopsy proved to be useful in making decisions about therapeutic plan. Surgery alone was performed in all benign tumor cases who accepted the indication. Surgical treatment modalities for the malignant tumors included lobectomy, total parotidectomy, and neck dissection for cervical lymph node metastasis. Postoperative radiotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy were performed in some cases. Regarding the survival rate in malignant cases, all patients of stage I (n=14), II (n=3), and III (n=2) are alive, but 4 out of 9 patients of stage IV died. We experienced 37 cases (27.8%) of facial palsy, 2 cases of salivary fistula and 4 cases of Prey's syndrome. 34 cases (91.8%) of facial palsy were transient.
Moebius syndrome; Moebius syndrome is a rare congenital disorder with the primary diagnostic criteria of congenital facial diplegia and abducent nerve palsy. Orofacial anomalies and limb malformations may be associated with the disorder. We report a family (father and two sons) with a subset of the Moebius syndrome.
Intracranial facial nerve schwannomas. Seven cases reviewed; Background and purpose. - Intracranial facial nerve schwannomas are rare neoplasms. Preoperative diagnosis is difficult because of non-specific clinical presentations (deafness, facial paralysis sudden or progressive) and radiological differential diagnosis (petrous bone tumor, vestibular schwannoma). Treatment depends on localization and has to be discussed for each case. Methods. - Seven cases (four men and three women) of Intracranial facial nerve schwannomas were retrospectively studied. Results. - Before treatment, we found deafness in six cases (two sudden and four progressive), a facial palsy in five cases (three sudden and two progressive). Five patients had deafness and facial palsy. One patient had only headache. Three schwannomas were supra and intrapetrous, two in the cerebello-pontine angle, and two were plurifocal (petrous bone, internal auditive canal and cerebellopontine angle). Six patients were operated on with an oto-neurosurgical procedure. After treatment, facial palsy always worsened (requesting secondary hypoglosso-facial anastomosis in cinq cases). Only one case of transmission deafness improved after ossiculoplasty. One patient is still under clinical and radiological observation. Conclusion. - Diagnosis is difficult and made operalively in half of patients. A large tumor requires surgery, but surveillance can be a good option for a small one, considering the risk of postoperative facial palsy. © Masson, 2006.
Facial paralysis after temporal bone trauma; Objectives: To evaluate functional outcome in 64 cases of facial paralysis following temporal bone fracture and discuss decisive arguments leading either to medical treatment or surgical management. Methods: Sixty-four patients suffering from post-traumatic facial paralysis were managed between 1995 and 2003: 38 (59%) were given medical treatment and 26 (41%) underwent surgery. A combined middle fossa and transmastoid approach was mostly used (58%). Electrophysiological testing and CT scan results were the main points of the decision algorithm. Results: Electroneuromyography seems to be the most accurate exploration for guiding treatment. Good results (grades I to II on the House and Brackmann scale) were obtained in 63% of cases after medical management and in 39% of cases after surgical treatment. Grades III or IV were obtained in 13% of medically-treated patients and 42% of surgically-treated patients. Conclusion: Management of facial paralysis following temporal bone fracture in accordance with electrophysiological testing (evoked EMG) together with CT scan findings enabled accurate indications for surgical treatment. A good grade I or II result can be expected after medical management. A grade III is at best reached after nerve anastomosis. © Masson, 2006.
Muscular subunits transplantation for facial reanimation; Purpose: To present an alternative technique for reconstruction of musculocutaneous damages in the face transferring innervated subsegments(subunits) of the latissimus dorsi flap for replacement of various facial mimetic muscles. Methods: One clinical case of trauma with skin and mimetic muscles damage is described as an example of the technique. The treatment was performed with microsurgical transfer of latissimus dorsi muscle subunits. Each subunit present shape and dimensions of the respective mimetic muscles replaced. The origin, insertions and force vectors for the mimicmuscle lost were considered. Each subsegment has its own arterial and venous supply with a motor nerve component for the muscular unit. Results: Pre and one year postoperative photos registration of static and dynamic mimic aspects, as well as digital electromyography digital data of the patients were compared. The transplanted muscular units presented myoeletric activity, fulfilling both the functional and cosmetic aspect. Conclusion: This technique seems to be a promising way to deal with the complex musculocutaneous losses of the face as well as facial palsy.
Brainstem tuberculoma presenting as eight-and-a-half syndrome; We present a case of a young child who developed eight-and-a-half syndrome following a pontine tuberculoma, an unusual complication of central nervous system tuberculosis not previously described in an immunocompetent child. The combination of clinical findings allowed for precise localization of the lesion whilst magnetic resonance T1 weighted imaging with contrast provided valuable etiological information. We also discuss the management and outcome of the case. © 2006 European Journal of Paediatric Neurology.
Musculoskeletal manifestations and autoimmune diseases related to new biologic agents; Purpose of review: The anti-tumor necrosis factor agents are now widely used in the management of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis and juvenile inflammatory arthritis. One of the most common observations made during their use is the development of autoantibodies. The purpose of this paper is to review this phenomenon and its clinical implications. Recent findings: While the development of different autoantibodies is a common encounter, rare cases of lupus-like syndromes have been reported. On the other hand, a variety of immune-mediated clinical manifestations have been described, including vasculitis and demyelinating syndromes. Rare cases of cytopenia and non-specific lung injuries have also been reported. Summary: While these clinical complications are rare and isolated events, clinicians must be aware of their occurrence. The experience with the anti-tumor necrosis factor agents is rather short and new, unusual immune-mediated complications may still appear. Clinicians should be prepared to recognize them. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Varicella-zoster virus symptoms and polyneuropathy in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection not improved until highly active anti-retroviral therapy added to acyclovir therapy; In March 2003, a 34-year-old man with left facial palsy, dysphagia, and hoarseness treated with acyclovir suffered worsened dermatological and neurological problems. A routine blood test in early April showed the patient to be HIV-antibody positive, so he was transferred to our hospital. Blood analysis showed serum HIV-RNA at 96,000 copies/mL and a CD 4 count of 170/microL. Brain MRI taken on admission showed a T 2 high lesion in their left medulla. Acyclovir was thought to be ineffective due to reduced cell-mediated immunity because of the HIV infection, and HAART therapy was begun. After two months of HAART, skin lesions and the T 2 high lesion in left medulla improred. HIV-RNA became undetectable and the CD 4 count exceeded 500/microL. Intracellular cytokine analysis by flow cytometry showed a shift from Th 2 to Th 1 dominance. The elimination of VZV may thus have been promoted by the combination of acyclovir and HAART.
Non neoplastic diseases of the lips; The general term "cheilitis" refers to an inflammatory process in the lips that may be accompanied by and be a part of other more complex systemic pathologies as in the case of Down's Syndrome, late cutaneous porphyria and Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome. The anatomical position of the lips makes them particularly exposed to physical phenomena (sun, wind and cold) and chemical substances (saliva, irritant and/or sensitising foods, cosmetics, odontological materials, toothpastes) which can cause irritative or allergic cheilitis. In glandular cheilitis the inflammatory process also involves the ectopic glands of the lower lip with small papules that have orifices at their centre from which drops of saliva seep. In granulomatose cheilitis a chronic asymptomatic oedema may appear in isolated form or be part of Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome. Plasmacellular cheilitis is the labial equivalent of Zoon's plasmacellular balanitis, and is characterised by an erythematous patch, which sometimes becomes ulcerated on the lower lips of elderly patients. The practice commonly adopted recently of applying filler implants in the labial and perioral region may cause inflammation and severe exogenous granulomatose cheilitis. Sometimes cheilitis can be an indication of systemic disease. It is seen for example in 6% of Down's Syndrome cases; characterised by dryness, vertical cracking, peeling and scabbing that could be the result of traumas or recurrent infections, the real cause is unknown. Given the position of the lips, early diagnosis and rapid treatment are essential for the achievement of the best aesthetic and functional results.
Viral upper respiratory tract infections in young children with emphasis on acute otitis media; Viral upper respiratory infection is the most common reason for seeking medical care for children. Recurrent viral respiratory infections and subsequent complications (e.g. acute otitis media (AOM)) are a burden for children, their families and society. Over the past decade, our knowledge on the significance of respiratory viruses has broadened remarkably. Viruses cause large variety of respiratory diseases and cause alone diseases, which previously have been assumed to be bacterial only (e.g. AOM and pneumonia). Methods for detection analysis of respiratory viruses are developing making both the diagnosis and epidemiological investigations of respiratory infections easier. Accurate diagnosis of respiratory infections and awareness of possible viral etiology could reduce the use of antibiotics. Etiologic studies of viral infections are becoming increasingly important, with the emergence of new antiviral drugs and vaccines. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Silent mastoiditis-tuberculous aetiology presenting as facial nerve palsy; We report an unusual case of sudden onset lower motor neuron facial palsy in a 30-year-old male. It was subsequently diagnosed to be caused by silent mastoiditis of tuberculous aetiology. The diagnosis was based on the histology of granulations found during facial nerve decompression. The facial palsy resolved after initiating anti-tubercular therapy and surgical decompression. Our case is an uncommon case of acute onset infranuclear facial palsy due to tuberculosis, in the absence of any ear findings, resembling Bell's palsy.
American Gastroenterological Association Institute Technical Review on the Use of Gastrointestinal Medications in Pregnancy; This literature review and the recommendations therein were prepared for the American Gastroenterological Association Institute Clinical Practice and Economics Committee. The paper was approved by the Committee on February 22, 2006 and by the AGA Institute Governing Board on April 20, 2006. © 2006 American Gastroenterological Association Institute.
Traumatic optic nerve avulsion by high caliber bullet: Case report; Traumatic optic nerve avulsion occurs most commonly after blunt ocular trauma. Optic nerve avulsion by high caliber bullet is exceptional and must be thought of in the management of those patients victims of gunshot wounds to the globe and orbit. The present paper reports the first documented case of this singular condition of optic nerve injury and comments on several other related causes, pathophysiology mechanisms, histology and management.
Standards for digital photography in cranio-maxillo-facial surgery - Part II: Additional picture sets and avoiding common mistakes; As stated in the first part of this publication standardized clinical photographs are essential for planning, documentation and demonstration of surgical procedures in cranio-maxillo-facial surgery (Ettorre et al., 2006). This article expands the previously defined standards in facial digital photography. Additional picture sets for special topics are introduced and some common mistakes are discussed. Guidance for the prevention of pitfalls is provided and the photographic principles are reviewed. Finally the authors give recommendations for dealing with structured data storage and protection of medical photographs. The use of asset management systems such as Cumulus® and Portfolio® is introduced and recommended. © 2006 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Traumatic bilateral common carotid artery dissection due to strangulation. A case report; We report a case of bilateral common carotid artery dissection due to strangulation successfully treated by stent placement, with a review of the literature. A 61-year-old woman was strangled by an apron strap. She was admitted to our hospital with tetraparesis, because of spinal cord injury. On the next day, her left hemiparesis aggravated and left facial palsy newly appeared. Diffusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed new ischemic lesions in the right cerebral hemisphere. Aortography revealed bilateral common carotid artery dissection. Moreover, thrombus or intimal flap was recognized in the right common carotid artery. The right common carotid dissection was fixed with deployment of self expanding stents to prevent the aggravation of ischemic stroke at that time. The contralateral lesion was also treated ten days later because small ischemic lesions were newly recognized in the left hemisphere on MRI. No new neurological deficit appeared after bilateral carotid artery stenting. Her paraparesis completely improved two months after the spinal cord injury. Carotid artery stenting using self expanding stents was especially effective as the treatment for bilateral carotid artery dissection.
Sedation and Analgesia for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy during Pregnancy; Endoscopy during pregnancy raises the unique issue of fetal safety. Endoscopic medications comprise a significant component of fetal risks from endoscopy. Before endoscopy, the gastroenterologist or anesthesiologist should evaluate the potential fetal risks of sedation and analgesia, identify any contraindications to endoscopy, stabilize the maternal medical status as necessary, and correct maternal hypoxia or hypotension. The mother should be informed about the potential teratogenic risks of endoscopic medications during pregnancy. Patients who receive sedation and analgesia should be monitored during endoscopy by continuous electrocardiography, continuous pulse oximetry, and intermittent sphygmomanometry, as well as by the pulse and respiratory rate. General principles of sedation and analgesia during pregnancy include use of the minimal effective dose, avoidance of unnecessary medications, and preferable use of Food and Drug Administration category B medications. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Primary testicular lymphoma - A case report; Primary lymphoma of the testis is more commonly seen in the elderly age group. A 45-year-old Hindu male with histopathological diagnosis of non-Hodgkin lymphoma of the right testis presented after orchiectomy of the right testis. The patient was put on two cycles of chemotherapy consisting of cyclophosphamide, vincristine, adriamycine and prednisolone at 3-weekly interval followed by external radiation therapy. During follow-up after 7 years he developed left facial nerve palsy and left sided haemiparesis. On CT scan of the brain multiple space occupying lesions were seen in both the hemispheres of the brain. He was put on cranial radiation therapy with intrathecal methotrexate injections. He responded favourably with the treatment.
Facial nerve function in carcinoma of the parotid gland; Aim: To analyse, for patients with carcinoma of the parotid gland, the prognostic value for treatment outcome of the function of the facial nerve (NVII), and determining facial nerve dysfunction after treatment. Methods and materials: In a retrospective study of the Dutch head and Neck cooperative group (NWHHT), data of 324 patients with parotid carcinoma were analysed. The function of N VII before treatment was intact in 77%, partially and completely impaired in 14% and 7%, respectively. Eighty-eight percent of the patients were treated surgically, and 77% of them were treated by a combination of postoperative radiotherapy. In 21% NVII was sacrificed, a reconstruction was performed in one of three. Results: Independent risk factors for N VII dysfunction before treatment were tumour localisation, positive neck nodes at presentation, pain, increasing age, and perineural invasion. Regional, not local, control was significantly impaired for complete facial paralysis. N VII dysfunction was an independent factor for disease free survival, and was 69%, 37% and 13% for normal, partially and completely impaired function, respectively. After treatment 22% of the patients experienced a partial paralysis, and 13% of the patients experienced a complete parlysis of N VII. Conclusion: For patients with parotid carcinoma, facial nerve function before treatment is a strong prognostic factor for disease free survival. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Standards for digital photography in cranio-maxillo-facial surgery - Part II: Additional picture sets and avoiding common mistakes (DOI:10.1016/j.jcms.2006.04.006); As stated in the first part of this publication standardized clinical photographs are essential for planning, documentation and demonstration of surgical procedures in craniomaxillofacial surgery (Ettorre et al., 2006). This article expands the previously defined standards in facial digital photography. Additional picture sets for special topics are introduced and some common mistakes are discussed. Guidance for the prevention of pitfalls is provided and the photographic principles are reviewed. Finally the authors give recommendations for dealing with structured data storage and protection of medical photographs. The use of asset management systems such as Cumulus® and Portfolio® is introduced and recommended. © 2006 European Association for Cranio-Maxillofacial Surgery.
Etanercept and infliximab for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis: A systematic review and economic evaluation; Objectives: To evaluate the clinical effectiveness, safety, tolerability and cost-effectiveness of etanercept and infliximab for the treatment of active and progressive psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in patients who have inadequate response to standard treatment, including disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) therapy. Data sources: Electronic databases were searched up to July 2004. Review methods: A systematic review evaluated the clinical efficacy and adverse effects of etanercept and infliximab. The efficacy of DMARDs in the treatment of PsA was also reviewed and treatments were compared using Bayesian evidence synthesis methods. Following evaluation of existing economic evaluations of etanercept and infliximab in PsA, a new economic model was developed (the York Model). This utilised the results from the evidence synthesis and data from a range of other sources. Results: Across the two trials, at 12 weeks, around 65% of patients treated with etanercept achieved an American College of Rheumatology (ACR) 20 {pooled relative risk (RR) 4.19 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.74 to 6.42]}, demonstrating a basic degree of efficacy in terms of arthritis-related symptoms. In addition, around 45% of patients treated with etanercept achieved an ACR 50 [pooled RR 10.84 (95% CI 4.47 to 26.28)] and around 12% achieved an ACR 70 (pooled RR 16.28 (95% CI 2.20 to 120.54)], demonstrating a good level of efficacy. The subgroup analyses conducted in one trial revealed that the effect of etanercept was not dependent upon patients' concomitant use of methotrexate. In addition, almost 85% of patients treated with etanercept achieved a Psoriatic Arthritis Response Criteria (PsARC) [pooled RR 2.60 (95% CI 1.96 to 3.45). The Psoriatic Area and Severity Index (PASI) results indicate some beneficial effect on psoriasis at 12 weeks; however, the data are sparse. The statistically significant reduction (improvement) in Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ) score with etanercept compared with placebo indicates a beneficial effect of etanercept on function. Similar results were seen at 24 weeks, except that the results for PASI 75 and PASI 50 now achieved statistical significance and data for Total Sharp Score annualised rate of progression were available; this was statistically significantly lower in etanercept-treated patients than in placebo-treated patients. Uncontrolled follow-up of patients indicates that treatment benefit may be maintained for at least 50 weeks. At 16 weeks, 65% of patients treated with infliximab achieved an ACR 20 [RR 6.80 (95% CI 2.89 to 16.01)], demonstrating a basic degree of efficacy in terms of arthritis-related symptoms. This level of efficacy was not dependent upon patients' concomitant use of methotrexate. Almost half the patients treated with infliximab achieved an ACR 50 [RR 49.00 (95% CI 3.06 to 785.06)] and over one-quarter achieved an ACR 70 [RR 31.00 (95% CI 1.90 to 504.86)] compared with none of the placebo group, demonstrating a good level of efficacy. In addition, 75% of patients treated with infliximab achieved a PsARC [RR 3.55 (95% CI 2.05 to 6.13)]. The beneficial treatment effect on psoriasis was also statistically significant with a mean difference in percentage change from baseline in PASI of -5 (95% CI -6.8 to -3.3), as was the percentage improvement from baseline in HAQ score with infliximab compared with placebo [mean difference 51.4 (95% CI 48.08 to 54.72)], indicating a beneficial effect of infliximab on functional status. Uncontrolled data from all measures of joint disease, psoriasis and HAQ collected up to 50 weeks of follow-up reflect those at 16 weeks. There were no radiographic assessments, so nothing can be determined about the potential or otherwise of infliximab to delay the progression of joint disease. Using the York cost-effectiveness model, infliximab was consistently dominated by etanercept because of its higher acquisition and administration costs without superior effectiveness. The incremental cost per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) gained of etanercept compared with palliative care ranged from Â£14,818 (females, 40-year time horizon) to Â£49,374 (males, 1-year time horizon) if it is assumed that, when patients eventually fail on biological therapy, their disability (in terms of HAQ score) deteriorates by the same amount as it improved when they initially respond to treatment (rebound equal to gain). Results for etanercept ranged from Â£25,443 (females, 40-year time horizon) to Â£49,441 (males, 1-year time horizon) per QALY gained under the assumption that, when patients fail on therapy, their disability level returns to what it would have been had they never responded (rebound equal to natural history). Conclusions: The limited data available indicated that etanercept and infliximab are efficacious in the treatment of PsA with beneficial effects on both joint and psoriasis symptoms and on functional status. Short-term data indicated that etanercept can delay joint disease progression, but long-term data are needed. There are no controlled data as yet to indicate that infliximab can delay joint disease progression. Treatment with both etanercept and infliximab for 12 weeks demonstrated a significant degree of efficacy, with no statistically significant difference between them. For both drugs, adverse events were common with mild injection/infusion reactions being the main treatment-related effect. The York model indicated that etanercept is more cost-effective than infliximab as it has a lower cost with little difference in outcomes. The cost-effectiveness of etanercept is also sensitive to assumptions made about the extent of disease progression when patients are responding to therapy. The number of years for which a patient can be safely on biologicals is uncertain so these results should be considered with caution. Further research should include long-term controlled trials to confirm benefits, review adverse events and to explore further the implications of biologic therapy. Â© Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2006. All rights reserved.
Clinical features of double infection with tick-borne encephalitis and Lyme borreliosis transmitted by tick bite; Background: In Latvia and other endemic regions, a single tick bite has the potential to transmit both tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) and Lyme borreliosis. Objective: To analyse both the clinical features and differential diagnosis of combined tick-borne infection with TBE and Lyme borreliosis, in 51 patients with serological evidence, of whom 69% had tick bites. Results: Biphasic fever suggestive of TBE occurred in 55% of the patients. Meningitis occurred in 92%, with painful radicular symptoms in 39%. Muscle weakness occurred in 41%; in 29% the flaccid paralysis was compatible with TBE. Only two patients presented with the bulbar palsy typical of TBE. Typical Lyme borreliosis facial palsy occurred in three patients. Typical TBE oculomotor disturbances occurred in two. Other features typical of Lyme borreliosis detected in our patients were distal peripheral neuropathy (n = 4), arthralgia (n = 9), local erythema 1-12 days after tick bite (n = 7) and erythema chronicum migrans (n = 1). Echocardiogram abnormalities occurred in 15. Conclusions: Patients with double infection with TBE and Lyme borreliosis fell into three main clinical groups: febrile illness, 3 (6%); meningitis, 15 (30%); central or peripheral neurological deficit (meningoencephalitis, meningomyelitis, meningoradiculitis and polyradiculoneuritis), 33 (65%). Systemic features pointing to Lyme borreliosis were found in 25 patients (49%); immunoglobulin (Ig)M antibodies to borreliosis were present in 18 of them. The clinical occurrence of both Lyme borreliosis and TBE vary after exposure to tick bite, and the neurological manifestations of each disorder vary widely, with considerable overlap. This observational study provides no evidence that co-infection produces unusual manifestations due to unpredicted interaction between the two diseases. Patients with tick exposure presenting with acute neurological symptoms in areas endemic for both Lyme borreliosis and TBE should be investigated for both conditions. The threshold for simultaneous treatment of both conditions should be low, given the possibility of co-occurrence and the difficulty in ascribing individual neurological manifestations to one condition or the other.
The colorful clinical spectrum of cerebral toxoplasmosis in five HIV positive cases: what comes out of Pandora's box?; In patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), the most common cause of focal intracranial lesion is Toxoplasma gondii infection. T. gondii encephalitis is an easily and effectively treatable disease, with promising outcomes. T. gondii has the potential to form a focal infection niche anywhere in the central nervous system, thus allowing for a colorful clinical picture. In this report, we attempted to present five HIV/AIDS cases with central nervous system toxoplasmosis demonstrating five different neurological presentations. The ages, gender and clinical findings of the patients who were admitted to our Infectious Diseases Clinics were as follows; 35 years old male patient with delirium, 49 years old male patient with focal dystony, 32 years old female patient with facial paralysis and monoparalysis, 53 years old male patient with Wernicke syndrome, 32 years old male patient with epilepsy. Cerebral toxoplasmosis were diagnosed by clinical findings and imaging techniques. The patients were treated with trimetoprim-sulfametoxazol (TMP-SMZ) and haloperidol, only TMP-SMZ, clindamycin and daraprim, TMP-SMZ and levotiracetam, TMP-SMZ and phenytoin, respectively, with recovery in neurological and radiological symptoms. In conclusion, until proven otherwise, HIV/AIDS patients presenting with focal neurological complaints should be accepted as having central nervous system toxoplasmosis.
The changes of the muscular fiber phynotype at different condition of nerve injury; OBJECTIVE: To observe the change of the muscular fiber phynotype at different condition of nerve injury. METHODS: Rabbits were used as an animal model in this study. The trigeminus and facial nerves of the animal were simultaneously severed (group 1) or only the latter was severed (group 2). The morphologic change of the muscular fibers was observed with histochemical methods; the tension of contraction and the threshold value of electrical stimulation were observed with electrical physiological methods. RESULTS: Trigeminus nerve play an important role in delaying muscular atrophy after facial nerve was severed. The atrophy degree of type II a and II b muscular fibers was less in group 2 than that in group 1. The change of type 1 muscular fibers was not affected by trigeminus nerve. New muscular fibers emerged in group 2. The tension of contraction and the threshold value of electrical stimulation were better in group 2 than that of in group 1. CONCLUSIONS: Sensory nerve could delay muscle atrophy after denervation. Sensory nerve should be repaired simultaneously when the motor nerve was sutured. The results of this study would facilitate clinical treatment for facial palsy.
[Clinical analysis of facial nerve decompression on the treatment of facial paralysis].; To study the occasion and curative effect of facial nerve decompression on the treatment of facial paralysis. Facial nerve decompression was applied to 57 cases of severe facial paralysis from 1997 -2004 in our hospital. They were divided into two groups: A group received treatment within two months and B group after two months. Their curative effects were compared and the chi2 test between groups was applied. The clinical curative ratio of group A was significantly higher than that of group B (P < 0.05). To treat facial paralysis, the application of facial nerve decompression at early stage can improve the clinical curative ratio significantly.
[Management of operative complications in acoustic neuroma surgery].; To explore the common complications related to acoustic neuromas and to search methods for preventing from them. One hundred and five patients with acoustic neuromas underwent 110 operations with the retrosigmoid approach, middle cranial fossa approach and labyrinth approach. All cases were followed up more than 1 month after surgery. Of 110 cases, the most frequent complication was hearing disability which occurred in 95 cases (95/110, 86.4%). and the facial paralysis was in 63.6% (70/110) after one month. Other complications were cerebrospinal fluid fistulas (CSF, 12.7%, 14/110) , intracranial hematoma (5.5%, 6/110), cranial nerve palsies (4.5%, 5/110), meningitis (3.6%, 4/110), tetraparesis (3.6%, 4/110), balance disturbance (1.8%, 2/110), hemiparalysis and anepia (0.9%, 1/110). Effective stopping bleeding during operation and controlling blood pressure after operation, as well as keeping effective sedation in 24 hours after operation were the important ways to prevent from intracranial hematoma The haemorrhage often accrued in 48 hours post-operation. CSF in this series was another common complication in acoustic neuroma surgery. Ten cases with CSF subcutaneous retro-auricular had been successfully controlled by conservative treatment. Of 4 cases with rhinorrhea CSF, 3 of them were required surgical management, another one got self-cure by bed rest. The ventricular drainage pro-operation was the most important procedure for drawdown the hypsi-cranium pressure. The key factors to avoid the complications include mastering the anatomy of different surgical approach, how much of the tumor size, surgical experience and preoperative evaluation of patients' imaging information and other clinical data.
Linear scleroderma en coup de sabre with associated neurologic abnormalities; Linear scleroderma represents a unique form of localized scleroderma that primarily affects the pediatric population, with 67% of patients diagnosed before 18 years of age. When linear scleroderma occurs on the head, it is referred to as linear scleroderma en coup de sabre, given the resemblance of the skin lesions to the stroke of a sabre. Here we describe 3 pediatric patients with linear scleroderma en coup de sabre who presented with neurologic abnormalities before or concurrent with the diagnosis of their skin disease. Our patients' cases highlight the underrecognized relationship between neurologic complications and linear scleroderma en coup de sabre and illustrate the importance of a thorough skin examination in patients with unexplained neurologic disease. Copyright © 2005 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Geniculo-temporo-parotideal neurofibroma of the facial nerve: A case report; Preoperative diagnosis of facial nerve neurofibroma is difficult when it presents as an asymptomatic parotideal mass. Facial nerve tumor suspicion arises during parotid surgery, histopathologic evaluation confirms diagnosis and postoperative imaging demonstrates a nerve tumor and its extension. We present the multimodality imaging findings of a 43-year-old man with a solitary neurofibroma involving the whole facial nerve continuously from geniculate ganglion to parotideal segment as the first case in the literature.
The association between developmental handicaps and traumatic brain injury during pregnancy: An issue that deserves more systematic evaluation; Aims: Trauma during pregnancy is commonly viewed as benign for the foetus when the delivery occurs normally. This study revisits that point of view. Method: We included eighteen patients having a neurological handicap with an anamnesis of an accident during pregnancy and a follow-up sufficient to determine a definite outcome. Results: Pregnancy outcome and observed management. Foetal abnormalities were detected in six cases between the first and the thirteenth day after the trauma. Emergency delivery or rapid birth after signs of foetal distress occurred in five cases. One baby died soon after birth. One-third of cases were not submitted to any investigation. Various neurological handicaps were recorded: Congenital microcephaly (three patients), congenital hydrocephalus (three), Infantile cerebral hemiplegy (six), quadriplegy with severe encephalopathy (four), diplegy (one), clumsiness with cerebellar atrophy (one), Moebius syndrome (one), mental retardation with autistic features (two), learning disability (one) auditory agnosia (one).Cerebral imaging showed macroscopic abnormalities in fourteen patients, evoking various pathogenetic hypotheses. Conclusion: The association between maternal trauma and foetal brain lesions lacks sufficient investigation in many cases. Prospective studies are needed to clarify both medical and legal issues. Guidelines are proposed for obstetrical and paediatric management after significant maternal trauma.
A case of skull base mucormycosis with osteomyelitis secondary to temporal bone squamous cell carcinoma; We describe an unusual case in which a 35-year-old man presented with skull base mucormycosis with osteomyelitis secondary to squamous cell carcinoma of the temporal bone. We also review the literature on the clinical characteristics, diagnosis, and treatment of mucormycosis.
Asymmetry of blinking; PURPOSE. Too investigate asymmetry in eyelid movements with blinking, the stability of the asymmetry, and its modifiability in normal humans. METHODS. Differences in the start time and amplitude between the two eyelids were assessed for voluntary blinks and reflex blinks evoked by supraorbital trigeminal nerve stimulation. These variables were also measured before and up to 18 months after 2 hours of unilateral upper lid restraint. RESULTS. With voluntary blinks, one eyelid consistently began to close earlier and made a larger eyelid movement than the other eyelid. Stimulation of the supraorbital branch of the trigeminal nerve evoked relatively larger amplitude blinks in one eyelid that correlated with the asymmetries of voluntary blinks. There was a continuum of eyelid asymmetry across all subjects that was stable and independent of other biological asymmetries, such as handedness. Briefly reducing eyelid mobility created a long-lasting change in eyelid asymmetry with blinking. CONCLUSIONS. Eyelid asymmetry results from differences in the excitability of motoneurons in the left and right facial motor nuclei and does not appear to involve asymmetries in cortical inputs to the brain stem. Because adaptive processes modify the motoneuron excitability that creates eyelid asymmetry, these processes may underlie changes in blinking associated with facial palsy and may play a role in the development of disorders that affect one side of the face, such as hemifacial spasm. Copyright © Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology.
Atypical presentation of cutaneous tuberculosis and a retropharyngeal neck abscess; A 70-year-old Asian man with noninsulin-dependent diabetes presented with a 4-month history of left-sided otitis externa and right-sided facial palsy. Physical examination of the left ear revealed a punched-out ulcerative lesion on the tragus, an edematous and inflamed external auditory canal, and a purulent nonmucoid discharge. Computed tomography of the brain and neck demonstrated a large retropharyngeal abscess, an abscess in the left parapharyngeal space, and a small collection adjacent to the right carotid sheath at the level of C4; the cervical vertebrae and lungs were normal. Microscopy of drained pus and histology of left ear and neck node biopsies identified tuberculosis. The patient was started on antituberculosis drug therapy, but he died within 2 weeks of treatment. We discuss the characteristics of this unusual presentation of tuberculosis infection.
What can we expect of collaborative review groups of cochrane collaboration in neuropaediatrics?; Introduction. Cochrane Collaboration (CC) contains detailed, critical and up-to-date systematic reviews (SR) of the best scientific evidence available. Aim. To analyse the bibliometric characteristics of the SR related to paediatric neurology published in the 50 Collaborative Review Groups (CRG) of the CC. Materials and methods. Bibliometric analysis of the Database of Systematic Reviews in Cochrane Library, Issue 2, 2005 (n = 2.231 SR). The variables recorded were: number of SR and protocols in any CRG, authors and clusters of secondary research, dates (late review and update), type of study, critical review of the SR and conclusions. Results. Nine published SR about neuropaediatrics: the Epilepsy Group (24 SR), the Neuromuscular Disease Group (16), the Neonatal Group (16), the Developmental, Psychosocial and Learning Problems Group (10), the Pain, Palliative Care and Supportive Care Group (4), the Movement Disorders Group (3), the Injuries Group (3), the Infectious Disease Group (3) and the Acute Respiratory Infections Group (2). The three main thematic areas were treatment of epilepsy (pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic), neonatal neurology (mainly intraventricular haemorrhage and perinatal asphyxia) and miscellanea (autism spectrum disorder, headache, cerebral palsy, myasthenia gravis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, Bell's palsy and bacterial meningitis). All the SR were about treatment interventions. Conclusions. Paediatric neurology SR are infrequent (3.6% of the 2.231 SR published in CC), and helps an evidence-based decision-making in a few areas: pharmacologic treatment of epilepsy, management of intraventricular haemorrhage of preterm infants and bacterial meningitis. Many therapies in paediatric neurology persist with no supporting evidence, and we detected no SR about important neurological issues in childhood as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, mental retardation and hypotonia. © 2006, Revista de Neurología.
A review of vaccine research and development: Human acute respiratory infections; Worldwide, acute respiratory infections (ARIs) constitute the leading cause of acute illnesses, being responsible for nearly 4 million deaths every year, mostly in young children and infants in developing countries. The main infectious agents responsible for ARIs include influenza virus, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), parainfluenza virus type 3 (PIV-3), Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae. While effective vaccines against influenza, H. influenzae type b (Hib) and S. pneumoniae infections have been available for several years, no vaccine is available at present against illnesses caused by RSV, PIV-3, metapneumovirus or any of the three novel coronaviruses. In addition, the threat constituted by the multiple outbreaks of avian influenza during the last few years is urgently calling for the development of new influenza vaccines with broader spectrum of efficacy, which could provide immunity against an avian influenza virus pandemic. This article reviews the state of the art in vaccine R&D against ARIs and attempts to address these basic public health questions.
Exclusively breastfeeding and hypernatremic dehydration; There is no doubt that breast-feeding is the best and safest way of feeding infants. Physiological weight loss occurs in the first two or three days of life, and the achievement of birth weight is expected towards the end of the first week. Hypernatremic dehydration may occur in exclusively breast-fed infants if milk supply is low during these first few days. It is not because of the high sodium content in breast milk; it is because of insufficient lactation. That is, the main cause of hypernatremic dehydration is water deprivation. There are many causes for low milk intake. Since most causes are preventable or able to be improved, mothers, particularly first time mothers, should receive more reassurance and practical advice in the technique of breast-feeding. Before their discharge from the hospital, they should be educated about the associated features of unsuccessful breast-feeding, such as going to the breast infrequently or for short times, infrequent passage of urine and stool, jaundice, lethargy, irritability and fever. Late diagnosis may cause catastrophic outcomes, such as a variety of palsies, apnea, bradycardia, seizures, hypertension, disseminated intravascular coagulation, necrotising enterocolitis after establishing full oral feeds, amputation of an extremity secondary to arterial thrombus, multiple cerebral infarctions, intracranial hemorrhages, massive intra ventricular hemorrhage, multiple dural thromboses. If babies are weighed on the day of the Guthrie test, those in the early onset of a disease and those who could not achieve their birth weight can be easily identified. The latter should be closely followed.
Guillain-Barré syndrome in a course of early cutaneous type of Lyme borreliosis: Diagnostic and therapeutic difficulties; A case is reported of a 33-year-old man in whom Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBs) developed three weeks after a tick's sting. At the sting site typical for an early cutaneous type of Lyme borreliosis - erythema migrans - appeared. The demyelineting polyradiculoneuropathy of GBs occurred after disappearance of erythema migrans, and was manifested by progressive neuropathic symmetrical limb weakness with distal numbness and pain, and bilateral facial paralysis. The GBs was confirmed by electrophysiological examination and elevated protein concentration with a normal range of cells in the cerebrospinal fluid. Antibodies IgM and IgG against Borrelia burgdorferi in the blood serum and cerebrospinal fluid assessed using immunoenzymatic assay, MEIA, were negative on account of their early search. The above findings suggested that the GBs appearance after the probable Borrelia burgdorferi infection was in fact due to that infection. The patient recovered after treatment with plasmaferesis and corticosteroid therapy followed by intravenous immunoglobulin, and physiotherapy. This is the first case in the Polish neurological literature of GBs with an early skin form of borreliosis which developed after the tick's sting.
Clinical analysis of 217 patients with dysgeusia; Symptoms of dysgeusia and the therapeutic effect were analyzed in 217 patients (47 males and 170 females). Fifty eight point five percent of the patients were more than 60 years old. The subjective symptom of highest frequency was continuous, unpleasant taste without food, and diminished perception of taste was second. Forty three point eight percent of the patients had been suffering from dysgeusia for more than 1 year. Glossodynia was most frequently accompanying disease in the orofacial region. Among systemic diseases, dysgeusia has been most frequently caused by hypertension. Use of hypnotics and anti-anxeity drugs were the most likely reason to cause dysgeusia. In taste assessment with the filter paper disk method, only 39.6% of the patients could judge a sweet solution correctly, 39.3% could taste a salty solution, 35.0% tasted a sour solution, and 41.7% tasted a bitter solution. Salivary secretions were measured during a 10 minutes interval in 50 patients; 54.0% of these patients secreted less than 5 ml, which was significantly lower than normal. In blood examinations, serum zinc concentration was low in 17.6% of the patients, and within normal range in 77.2%. According to the SDS (Self-rating Depression Scale), 37.0% of the patients were in a slightly depressive state, and 22.7% were in a moderately depressive state. For the treatment of dysgeusia, drug therapy with zinc, general psychotherapy, dietary advice, and changes in usage of drugs causing dysgeusia were applied. Moreover, for the treatment of accompanying diseases, drug therapy with anti-anxiety agents, cevimeline and others, psychosomatic treatment, and acupuncture therapy were continued. Duration of treatment was less than 1 year in 77.4% of the patients. However, in some patients treatment continued for more than 5 years. Clinical effects were excellent in 22.8% of the patients, and good in 56.7%. 'Excellent' means that the symptom of dysgeusia was completely cured, and 'good' means that the symptom was improved in comparison with the baseline established at their first visit to our hospital. It has been reported that zinc deficiency will develop dysgeusia as main factor. However in this study, serum zinc concentration of 77.2% of the patients with dysgeusia was within normal range. Our findings suggest that dysgeusia may have been developed by local, systemic, and psychogenic factors in our patients. However, further controlled studies of the cause of dysgeusia are necessary.
Oral Medicine - Update for the dental practitioner: Disorders of orofacial sensation and movement; This series provides an overview of current thinking in the more relevant areas of oral medicine for primary care practitioners, written by the authors while they were holding the Presidencies of the European Association for Oral Medicine and the British Society for Oral Medicine, respectively. A book containing additional material will be published. The series gives the detail necessary to assist the primary dental clinical team caring for patients with oral complaints that may be seen in general dental practice. Space precludes inclusion of illustrations of uncommon or rare disorders, or discussion of disorders affecting the hard tissues. Approaching the subject mainly by the symptomatic approach - as it largely relates to the presenting complaint - was considered to be a more helpful approach for GDPs rather than taking a diagnostic category approach. The clinical aspects of the relevant disorders are discussed, including a brief overview of the aetiology, detail on the clinical features and how the diagnosis is made. Guidance on management and when to refer is also provided, along with relevant websites which offer further detail. © British Dental Journal 2005.
Adverse events reported following live, cold-adapted, intranasal influenza vaccine; Context: In June 2003, the US Food and Drug Administration licensed a trivalent live, attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV-T) for intranasal administration to healthy persons 5 to 49 years of age. Although prelicensure testing involved 20 228 vaccinees, clinical trials were not of sufficient size to detect rare adverse events reliably. Objective: To identify adverse events reported following LAIV-T administration after licensure. Design, Setting, and Participants: All adverse events reported to the US Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) during the 2003-2004 and the 2004-2005 influenza seasons. Main Outcome Measures: Numbers and proportions of reported adverse events and reporting rates of adverse events per 100 000 vaccinees. Results: Approximately 2 500 000 persons received LAIV-T during the first 2 post-licensure seasons. As of August 16, 2005, VAERS received 460 adverse event reports for vaccinations received from August 2003 through July 2005. No fatalities were reported. There were 7 reports of possible anaphylaxis, 2 reports of Guillain-Barré syndrome, 1 report of Bell palsy, and 8 reports of asthma exacerbation among individuals with a prior asthma history. Events in individuals for whom the vaccine was not indicated accounted for 73 reports (16%). Conclusions: Reports to VAERS in the first 2 seasons of LAIV-T use did not identify any unexpected serious risks with this vaccine when used according to approved indications. Like many vaccines and other medical products, LAIV-T may rarely cause anaphylaxis. Secondary transmission of the vaccine virus merits further investigation. Reports of asthma exacerbations in vaccinees with prior asthma history highlight the risks of vaccine use inconsistent with approved labeling. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Neurologic adverse events associated with smallpox vaccination in the United States, 2002-2004; Context: Neurologic illness is an infrequent but severe adverse event associated with smallpox vaccination. The reinstatement of smallpox vaccination in the United States in response to possible bioterrorism renewed concerns about vaccine-related adverse neurologic events. Objective: To determine rates and describe the clinical features of neurologic events associated with smallpox vaccination. Design and Setting: We assessed reports of adverse events obtained through active case reporting and review of data reported to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System among 665 000 persons vaccinated against smallpox by the Departments of Defense (n=590 400) and Health and Human Services (n=64 600) during the 2002-2004 US Smallpox Vaccination Program. Main Outcome Measure: Adverse neurologic events temporally associated with smallpox vaccination. Results: Between December 16, 2002, and March 11, 2004, 214 neurologic adverse events temporally associated with smallpox vaccination were reported; 111 reports involved Department of Health and Human Services and 103 involved Department of Defense vaccinees. Fifty-four percent of these events occurred within 1 week of vaccination, and 53% were among primary vaccinees. The most common neurologic adverse event was headache (95 cases), followed by nonserious limb paresthesias (n=17) or pain (n=13) and dizziness or vertigo (n=13). Serious neurologic adverse events included 13 cases of suspected meningitis, 3 cases of suspected encephalitis or myelitis, 11 cases of Bell palsy, 8 seizures (including 1 death), and 3 cases of Guillain-Barré syndrome. Among these 39 events, 27 (69%) occurred in primary vaccinees and all but 2 occurred within 12 days of vaccination. Conclusions: During the 2002-2004 smallpox vaccination campaign, reported neurologic events were generally mild and self-limited, and no neurologic syndrome was identified at a rate above baseline estimates. Serious neurologic adverse events, such as postvaccinal encephalitis, Bell palsy, and Guillain-Barré syndrome, occurred in accordance with expected ranges. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Significance of facial voluntary movements and recuperation of electro physiologic outcomes in the first week after decompression in the total Bell Palsy; Aim: To verify that facial nerve of patients with complete facial paralysis is not complete degeneration, may existing a part of the conduction block fibers in facial nerve after the electrophysiological observation in patients with complete Bell palsy that accepted the decompression before and after operation. Methods: Thirty-one unilateral total Bell palsy patients, who were treated at the Facial Nerve Research Room, Beijing Shijitan Hospital from March to June 2005, were selected. Mean progress was 97.3 days. All the patients were classified by House-Brackmann (I-VI grades, the higher the grade, the more severe of level of facial paralysis was.), and they were all VI grade, and all treated with facial nerve decompression through mastoid subtemporal approach. Action potential and F wave at the bilateral depressor anguli oris muscle were detected before operation. Amplitude of vibration and duration were compared. Re-examination was performed at the 7th day after operation. Changes of parameter of action potential before and after operation were compared. The House-Brackmann grading was assessed. Results: Thirty-one patients were all involved in the result analysis. 1 Action potential of the injured side: It was found in 26 cases before operation, and in all the cases after operation. The mean amplitude of vibration after operation increased significantly than that before operation [(324.73±384.02), (94.48±88.15)μV,P < 0.01]. Mean duration after operation became rapidly obviously than that before operation [(11.64±7.86), (4.10±3.08)ms, P<0.01]. 2 F wave: There was no F wave before operation, while it appeared in 3 cases (10%) after operation. 3 In the first 7 days after operation, 27 of 31 (87%) patients had the visible voluntary movements of facial muscle. Twenty-two patients reached House-Brackmann V grade, and 5 patients reached House-BrackmannIV grade. Conclusion: 1 Total facial paralysis is not equal to total facial fiber degeneration. Quite a few conduction block fibers still remain in most of patients, so 100% degeneration of facial nerve fibers cannot be defined carelessly. 2 The patients with disappeared F wave have bad prognosis, and conservative therapy is ineffective. Prompt facial nerve decompression can effectively relieve conduction block so as to have early clinical rehabilitative process appeared after operation. 3 When the level of facial nerve functional restoration is assessed in an early period after operation, the free action potential of electromyography is more sensitive than F waves.
Diffusion magnetic resonance imaging findings in acute methotrexate neurotoxicity; We present the case of a patient with right fibular osteosarcoma, who was treated with multiple chemotherapeutic agents, including methotrexate, according to the Hong Kong Paediatric Haematology and Oncology Study Group osteogenic sarcoma protocol After eight weeks of treatment, he developed acute neurological symptoms, paralleled by diffusion magnetic resonance imaging brain scan findings of restricted diffusion in the white matter within 24 hours of symptom onset. Subsequently, three more sequential magnetic resonance imaging brain scans were performed, with the last scan, performed at five months after symptom onset, showing regression of the lesion. © 2005 Hong Kong College of Radiologists.
Dynamic rehabilitation in facial paralysis with the surgical flap and temporalis muscle transposition without muscle lengthening: review and case report; There are various surgical procedures for the reanimation of patients with long-standing facial paralysis. Temporalis muscle transfer is reliable for the reanimation of long-standing facial paralysis often employed when facial nerve reinnervation. It can be used as well for the immediate treatment of complete facial paralysis (more than 1 year) because temporalis muscle transposition does not interfere with neuronal regeneration. During the last few years the techniques employing the tendon of the temporalis muscle for the rehabilitation of the oral commissure gain increasing importance. The authors analyse the different options for reanimation after facial paralysis and report on a case of facial reanimation via temporalis muscle transfer.
A patient with an odontoid fracture and atrophy of the tongue: A case report and systematic review of the literature; Background: Traumatic hypoglossal nerve palsy is a rare entity and has rarely been described in association with an odontoid fracture. Case Description: We present a patient with a posttraumatic odontoid fracture who developed selective weakness of his arms and a unilateral hypoglossal nerve palsy. A systematic review of the literature is presented, and hypothetical causes for the injury are discussed. Conclusion: Bell's cruciate paralysis and central cord syndrome are probably expressions of the same mechanism rather than 2 separate entities based on a preferential damage of pyramidal crossing arm fibers. C2 fractures with concomitant lower cranial nerve injury are relatively rare and have a reasonably good outcome, especially when unilateral. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A case of mucormycosis limited to the parotid gland; Background. Mucormycosis is a rare fungal infection commonly affecting structures in the head and neck such as air sinuses, orbits, and the brain. Common predisposing factors include diabetes and immunosuppression. To date, only one case of mucormycosis involving the parotid gland has been reported, and this infection was associated with a fatal outcome. Methods. We report a case of parotid gland mucormycosis in a 45-year-old woman with type 2 diabetes, who was successfully treated with a superficial parotidectomy and intravenous amphotericin B. Results. After initial surgical and antifungal therapy, the patient was left with a residual facial nerve palsy for which multiple sling procedures were performed. She is currently alive and well 6 years after the diagnosis of mucormycosis. Conclusions. Mucormycosis of the parotid gland is a rare form of this often-fatal infection. In this case, infection remained isolated to the parotid gland and was diagnosed soon after presentation. The patient most likely survived because of the early diagnosis, successful surgical removal of all infected tissue, use of intravenous amphotericin therapy, and the aggressive management of comorbidities such as her diabetes. © 2005 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Immunization without needles; Most current immunization procedures make use of needles and syringes for vaccine administration. With the increase in the number of immunizations that children around the world routinely receive, health organizations are beginning to look for safer alternatives that reduce the risk of cross-contamination that arises from needle reuse. This article focuses on contemporary developments in needle-free methods of immunization, such as liquid-jet injectors, topical application to the skin, oral pills and nasal sprays. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group.
Botulinum toxin in ophthalmic plastic surgery; Botulinum toxin chemodenervation has evolved greatly over the past 30 years since its introduction in the 1970s for the management of strabismus. Among ophthalmic plastic surgeons, botulinum toxins are often used as the first line treatment for facial dystonias. These toxins are also efficacious for the temporary management of various other conditions including keratopathies (through so called chemo-tarsorraphy), upper eyelid retraction, orbicularis overaction-induced lower eyelid entropion, gustatory epiphora, Frey's syndrome, and dynamic facial rhytids such as lateral canthal wrinkles (crow's feet), glabellar creases and horizontal forehead lines. This article describes the pharmacology, reconstitution techniques and common current applications of botulinum toxins in ophthalmic plastic surgery.
A longitudinal model for non-monotonic clinical assessment scale data; Clinical assessment scales, where subitem ratings are added and summarized as a total score, are convenient tools for monitoring disease progression and often used to measure the effect of drug treatment in clinical trials. Statistical evaluation of any beneficial treatment effects tends to focus on single-valued summary measures, for example, the difference between the score at the end of treatment and the score at baseline. Such analyses ignore potentially important features of the data, e.g. early vs. late recoveries. It is therefore of interest to develop longitudinal models that make more efficient use of the information present in non-monotonic clinical assessment scale data. We propose a two-part modeling approach for the modeling of this type of data. Non-monotonicity is managed by regarding score changes as Markovian transition events. A set of probabilistic models are used to describe the occurrences of the transitions. Continuous models are used to describe the magnitude of the scale score change, given the observed transition. In this manner, a non-monotonic disease progression is handled more efficiently than if other available methods are used. We illustrate this approach using data from a recent phase II study of a drug used in the treatment of stroke, where stroke severity was measured on the Scandinavian Stroke Scale (SSS). This scale consists of nine subitems: consciousness, eye movements, hand/arm/leg motor performance, orientation, speech, facial palsy, and gait. The data were non-monotonic, since there was at any time a risk of a score decline, despite a general tendency towards healing. The two-part probabilistic/continuous model fit the data well and proved to be robust in model-checking procedures such as posterior predictive checks and bootstrapping. The models derived using this approach could potentially accommodate drug effects, not only in terms of score improvement at end of study, but also on the onset of recovery, on dropout and on the probability of unfavorable progression patterns. In addition, it is possible to use the resulting for simulation of the prospective outcome of future studies. We conclude that this approach has considerable potential for more efficient use of information in longitudinal modeling of non-monotonic clinical assessment scale data. © 2005 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc.
Acute complications of otitis media in adults; Objectives: To establish the incidence, current treatment and outcome of adult patients with acute intratemporal and intracranial complications of otitis media (OM). Design: A retrospective chart review with a sent questionnaire. Setting: Tertiary referral centre, University hospital. Participants: Adult patients treated for acute intratemporal and intracranial complications of OM over the past 15 years (1990-2004) in the study hospital. Main outcome measures: Incidence, treatment and outcome of patients with intratemporal and intracranial complications of OM. Results: Fifty patients aged 16-75 years were treated. The annual age-adjusted incidence of acute intratemporal and intracranial complications was 0.32/100 000. Forty-one (82%) of the complications were intratemporal and nine (18%) were intracranial. The ear disease behind the acute complication was acute otitis media (AOM) in 80% (40/50), chronic otitis media (COM) in 12% (6/50) and COM with cholesteatoma in 8% (4/50). Mastoiditis was complicated by subperiosteal abscess, labyrinthitis and facial paresis in 7% (3/41), 15% (6/41) and 32% (13/41) respectively. Mastoidectomy was performed on 56% (28/ 50) of the patients. Four (44%) of the intracranial complications were intracranial abscesses, four (44%) were meningitis and one (11%) was sinus thrombosis. Permanent hearing loss occurred in 13 (26%) patients and one patient died due to otogenic meningitis. Conclusions: Severe complications of the OM in adults are rare in Finland. The commonest cause is AOM rather than COM. Operative treatment is predominantly needed for intracranial complications and intratemporal abscesses. Complications of OM are still associated with considerable morbidity, and early recognition is most likely to form the basis for effective treatment. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing Limited.
Side effects of interferon-α therapy; Aim: Interferon-α (IFN-α) has been extensively explored for its efficacy in various disease conditions and is currently used as a standard treatment in several of these. Its use is accompanied by a wide variety of possible side effects. These side-effects may hamper reaching and maintaining the dose needed for maximal therapeutic effect while their occurrence can outweigh clinical benefit of IFN-α treatment. This review addresses the toxicity profile of IFN-α, the presumed pathophysiology of the different side effects and the strategies to handle these. Methods: Computerized searches were used and cross-references of articles and books were checked. Results: Adverse effects due to IFN-α have been described in almost every organ system. Many side-effects are clearly dose-dependent. Taken together, occurrence of flu-like symptoms, hematological toxicity, elevated transaminases, nausea, fatigue, and psychiatric sequelae are the most frequently encountered. Although insight in the mechanisms accounting for IFN-α-related toxicities has improved in recent years, much remains to be elucidated. Guidelines on the management of these untoward sequelae are mostly based on clinical experience, while many side-effects can only be adequately handled by dose adjustment or cessation of treatment. Conclusion: Further research on the mechanisms underlying both therapeutic effects and adverse events is warranted. Hopefully, this will lead to better identification of those patients who are likely to benefit from treatment without experiencing severe toxicities. © Springer 2005.
Surveillance of adverse effects during a vaccination campaign against meningitis C; Objective: To describe adverse events occurring after mass vaccination with conjugate and nonconjugate vaccines and to assess the incidence of serious adverse effects. Methods: A mass immunisation campaign against meningococcal C disease was conducted in two French administrative areas, Landes and Pyrénées atlantiques, for 2 months (from October to December 2002). Adverse events were reported by families and physicians by means of a specific reporting form returned to the pharmacovigilance centre 15 days after vaccination. Results: The target population was 260,630 individuals aged between 2 months and 24 years. About 179,000 children and young adults were vaccinated. A total of 92,711 report forms were received by the pharmacovigilance centre, and 12,695 subjects presented at least one adverse event. The most frequently involved systems/disorders were application site disorders (48.4%), whole-body general disorders (21.8%), central and peripheral nervous system disorders (14.6%), and gastrointestinal system disorders (4.7%). Most of these adverse events were transient and not serious. There were 13 serious adverse events: one each of syncope, fever, headache with fever, neuralgia, serum sickness, arthritis, purpura, facial paralysis, multiple sclerosis, lipoma, and meningism, and two cases of bronchospasm. No significant difference was found in rates of adverse event reports between both vaccines. The estimated incidence of serious adverse effect reports was 7 per 100,000. Conclusions: This campaign was the second immunisation campaign undertaken in France involving both physicians and families as reporters. Although unlabeled adverse effects were identified during this campaign, they were mostly nonserious and have been known to occur with other vaccines. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Modification of the gold-weight implant for insertion into the upper eyelid in facial palsy; Gold weight has been used as a lid-loading device in facial palsy for more than 50 years. This technique is frequently associated with certain complications like ulceration, migration, extrusion, etc. We have devised a new-shaped gold weight to reduce the rate of occurrence of these complications. This new implant has a large central fenestration. We believe that this shape reduces anterior surface contact and promotes fibrous healing through fenestration. This will keep the implant anchored in its position, hence, reducing the risk of ulceration, migration, and extrusion. We have been using this kind of implant for the last 2 years without any complication noted so far. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The efficacy of steroids in idiopathic facial nerve paralysis: an open, randomized, prospective controlled study.; OBJECTIVES: Although corticosteroid therapy is widely used in idiopathic facial nerve paralysis, its efficacy has not been clearly demonstrated. This study was designed to evaluate the role of steroids in idiopathic facial nerve paralysis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 56 patients (29 males, 27 females; mean age, in men 44.1, in women 40.3 years) with a diagnosis of idiopathic facial nerve paralysis. Within the first three days after the onset of symptoms, the patients were randomly assigned to two groups to receive either steroids or other medications for the prevention of ocular complications or to provide pain relief. The severity of facial paralysis was evaluated using the House-Brackmann classification before and after three and six weeks of the treatment. Regression to stage 1 or 2 disease was regarded as a successful response. RESULTS: Although the initial response to steroid therapy seemed to be better, the results at the end of three and six weeks of the treatment were not statistically different from those of patients receiving other supportive treatments (p>0.05). CONCLUSION: Further studies with large patient series are needed to clarify the use of steroids in the treatment of idiopathic facial nerve paralysis.
Implantation of lid weights for therapy of lagophthalmos; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare the clinical outcome and complication rate of rigid gold implants and flexible platinum chains in 96 patients treated for lagophthalmos. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We treated 50 patients with peripheral facial palsy and lagophthalmos using rigid gold implants and 46 using a flexible platinum chain. Besides subjective assessment by the patients, reduction of lagophthalmos, improvement of visual acuity, and pre- and postoperative grade of keratopathy were evaluated. RESULTS: Both groups showed a statistically significant reduction of lagophthalmos and keratopathy and increase of visual acuity. Postoperative complications were observed in both groups. Two extrusions occurred in the group receiving gold implants. The incidence of corneal astigmatism and bulging of the implant was statistically significantly lower in the platinum chain group. CONCLUSIONS: The use of flexible platinum chains instead of rigid gold implants for therapy of lagophthalmos leads to a reduction of the complication rate, thus improving the clinical outcome.
Revision of a complicated acute media otitis in a regional hospital. Our experience in 10 years; Complications due to acute otitis media are still a cause of hospitalization on paediatric population. We have revised the cases that have been diagnosed in our hospital in a period of 10 years. There were 12 patients between 1 and 38 years of age. The most frequent complication was acute mastoiditis, with a total of 9 patients. The most frecuent symptom was fever and retroauricular edema. We analysed variables such as age, sex, main symptom, physical exploration, extrahospitalary treatment, laboratory and radiological findings, complications, hospital treatment, (medical and/or surgical and kind of operation) and mean hospitalary stay.
Bony destruction of tympanic promontory in a case of suppurative otitis media; We reported a rare case of bony destruction of the tympanic promontory in suppurative otitis media without cholesteatoma. A 62-year-old male consulted the hospital in October 2002, with complaints of impaired hearing, otorrhea, dizziness and facial palsy on the right side. Hearing in the right ear was totally gone. CT showed a defect in the cochlear bony wall with abundant soft density tissue in the middle ear cavity, antrum and mastoid cavity. Surgery was performed. The bony structure in the cochlear lower basal turn had been destroyed and membranous labyrinth was confirmed when granulation was removed. The defect was then covered with fascia and an open mastoid cavity was created. The facial nerve was also exposed. The patient showed a good postoperative course: facial nerve palsy improved to normal, dizziness and nystagmus disappeared, but deafness was irreversible. Generally, in a case of cholesteatoma, bony destruction is more frequent than in a case of suppurative otitis media and labyrinthine or facial canal dehiscence is a rather common finding. This case report showed that even in the absence of cholesteatoma, these degenerative changes could develop in suppurative otitis media and could extend to the tympanic promontory and facial canal.
Cholesteatoma and fistula of bone labyrinth; The authors evaluate seven patients with fistula of labyrinth, which were verified during 220 operations on patients with chronic middle ear inflammations with cholesteatoma at the ORL Department of Regional Hospital Pardubice from July 1997 till December 2002. Three patients suffered from vertigo already before the operation and two of them had even a positive fistula symptom; four patients were without vertigo. Two patients were deaf before the operation and one other patient had a partial facial nerve paralysis. The therapy consisted in sanation (treatment) of the inflammation by the open technique with removal of the posterior wall of ear canal (canal wall down) and removal of the cholesteatoma matrix from the fistula. The fistula was detected six times on the lateral and once on the superior semicircular canal. In two patients, intracranial complications were diagnosed (subperiostal abscess in one patient and in second one pachymeningitis with periphlebitis of the sigmoid sinus). In five patients with preserved hearing before the operation, the hearing remained unchanged after the operation, air conduction decreased in one, improved air and bone conduction improved in another patient and a deterioration of the conductive and perception components of hearing deteriorated in the other patient. The paralysis of facial nerve diagnosed in one patient before the therapy improved after the operation. The authors discuss present opinions on the pathophysiology of the origin of fistula on the basis of destruction of the labyrinth bone wall due to chronic middle ear inflammation, the way of performing of the fistula test and its diagnostic contribution, the classification and staging of the labyrinth fistula and the tactics of therapy.
Acute otitis media; Otitis media is the most common childhood infection for which antibiotics are prescribed. Acute otitis media (AOM) is usually a short-term inflammation of the middle ear, and is principally characterized by earache that may be severe. It is often preceded by upper respiratory symptoms, including a cough and rhinorrhoea. AOM is usually considered a simple bacterial infection, but viruses are also playing the important role in the etiology and pathogenesis. The most common bacterial causes are Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, and Moraxella catarrhalis. Despite a large number of published studies and clinical trials, there is still no national or international consensus on the best treatment of AOM. Amoxicillin is the recommended first-line antibiotic for uncomplicated AOM in many countries. Among the more active agents against these three bacteria are amoxicillin-clavulanate, cefuroxime axetil and the injectable drug ceftriaxone. The macrolide antibiotics are recommended if amoxicillin is contraindicated because of a true history of allergy to penicillin. Antibiotics reduce the proportion of children still in pain at 2-7 days and reduce the risk of developing contralateral AOM. Selective use of tympanocentesis if the patient does not respond to antibiotic therapy can help confirm the diagnosis and guide effective therapy. Severe progressive complications of AOM, such as mastoiditis, labyrinthitis, meningitis, intracranial sepsis, or facial nerve palsy are rare.
Surgical treatment of cervicofacial cystic hygromas in children; Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the results of surgical treatment of cervicofacial cystic hygromas in children. Patients and Methods: Medical records of 17 patients who were operated for cervicofacial cystic hygroma between 1985 and 2004 were evaluated in terms of age, gender, symptoms, diagnostic workups, outcomes and complications. Results: There was a slight male predominance - 10 (59%) boys and 7 (41%) girls. Nine (53%) out of 17 lesions were located on the left side of the neck, 7(41%) lesions were located on the right side of the neck and 1 lesion (6%) was located in the middle of the neck. Eleven (65%) lesions were located in the infrahyoid region, 6 (35%) lesions in the suprahyoid region. Following surgical excision of the lesion, we encountered 4 postoperative complications: 1 recurrence (6%), 2 facial paralyses (12%) and 1 collection of fluid (6%) at the resection site. The patient who had a recurring lesion needed to be reoperated, other complications were treated conservatively. Conclusions: Cervicofacial cystic hygromas are easy to diagnose. There is no need for expensive and time-consuming imaging studies. Surgery seems the treatment of choice. However, nonsurgical treatment options may be considered for the lesions located over the parotid region in orderto avoid complications of surgery. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG.
Far lateral supracerebellar infratentorial approach for the treatment of upper brainstem gliomas: Clinical experience with pediatric patients; Objective: Surgical exposure of intrinsic lesions located lateral to the brainstem still represents a challenging task. The aim of this study was to assess the feasibility of the extracerebral far lateral supracerebellar infratentorial (FLSI) approach for the treatment of gliomas located in the upper brainstem in the pediatric population. Methods and results: Between 1992 and 2002, seven patients (mean age 8.7 years) with tumors of glial origin (WHO I-IV) located mainly in the pontomesencephalic region were operated with the FLSI approach in a sitting position. Satisfactory extent of resection without additional morbidity was achieved. Conclusion: In a carefully selected pediatric patient population, the FLSI approach proved to be a feasible and effective surgical route for the treatment of upper brainstem gliomas. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Peripheral facial paralysis and apoptosis induced by herpes simplex type I virus: A rat study; Different results have been reported concerning the impact of agents used in the treatment of idiopathic facial nerve paralysis (FNP) generated by HSV type I (HSV-I) on the apoptotic process. We aimed at investigating the effects of different agents (steroids, acyclovir and interferon) used in the treatment of idiopathic FNP on the apoptotic process in animals in whom experimental FNP has been produced by HSV-I. After cleaning the auricles of 113 animals, linear injuries were produced, and then 25 micromole KOS HSV-I was inoculated with the solution containing 1.7 x 107 virus per milliliter. On the 6th day after the inoculation sixty animals (60/113, 53%) which developed facial paralysis were included in the study and were randomized into 4 groups consisted of 15 animals: steroid (SG), acyclovir (AG), interferon (IG) and control groups (CG). On the 21st day of the study (inoculation) and 15th day of the follow-up and treatment, the animals were decapitated. HSV-1 DNA was assayed with PCR technique on the ipsilateral brain stems and temporal cortexes obtained from the animals. The animals that were HSV-1 DNA positive were included in the study: CG group (5/15), SG (6/15), AG (4/15) and IG (4/15). To this end, flowcytometric analyses (apoptotic cell DNA index with propidium iodide stain and CD95 antibody stain) were evaluated in the ipsilateral brain stem and temporal cortex. The results demonstrated that the application of steroid to animals developing FNP resulted in significant suppression of CD95(+) CELLS ratios in the ipsilateral temporal cortex (P < 0.05), acyclovir or interferon application on the other hand did not create any significant change in the apoptotic process of either of the brain regions (P > 0.05). Although the apoptotic cell DNA index in the control group was found at a higher ratio than in treatment groups, the ratio was not significant (P > 0.05). This study demonstrates that; (i) in FNP generated by HSV-1, not only the facial nerve but also other brain regions including the brain stem and the temporal cortex might be affected, and (ii) steroids might have a limited effect on the total apoptotic process and therefore they may have neuroprotective effects. © TÜBİTAK.
Parotid gland sarcoidosis; Parotid gland sarcoidosis occurs in 6% of patients with sarcoidosis. It was bilateral in 24 (73%), slightly commoner in women, and presented in the majority in the 20 to 40 year age group. There was widespread involvement of other systems, particularly intrathoracic, peripheral lymphadenopathy, uveitis, lacrimal gland enlargement and skin disease. Patterns of involvement may be pathognomonic as in Heerfordt's syndrome. This account provides the differential diagnosis, imaging and biopsy techniques, and treatment.
The diagnostic significance of intrathecal occurrence of selected antiviral antibodies in multiple sclerosis; Analysis of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) represents an important role in the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis. Oligoclonal IgG bands, blood - CSF barrier, and cell count are normally examined. Intrathecal synthesis of specific IgG antibodies against measles, rubella, and varicella zoster viruses called MRZ reaction is a new diagnostic marker which is present in patients with chronic autoimmune diseases with the involvement of the nervous system, especially multiple sclerosis. The aims of our work were to investigate the frequency of intrathecal synthesis of specific antiviral antibodies and to determine a typical CSF profile in patients with multiple sclerosis. We examined a cohort of 65 patients: 50 patients had multiple sclerosis, 15 patients had other neurological diseases (OND). The intrathecal. synthesis of specific antibodies was evaluated in the form of antibody indices calculated according to Reiber's formula. The condition of blood - CSF barrier was expressed by the ratio of albumin in CSF and serum. Oligoclonal IgG bands were detected by isoelectric focusing. Eighty-six per cent of multiple sclerosis patients had positive intrathecal synthesis of specific antibodies against one, two or three of the examined neurotropic viruses, 84% of multiple sclerosis patients had positive oligoclonal IgG bands in CSF, intact blood - CSF barrier was detected in 70% and pleocytosis in 36% of patients with multiple sclerosis. MRZ reaction was negative in all patients with OND. Highly specific MRZ reaction improves the possibilities of CSF analysis in cases of chronic, inflammatory, and autoimmune diseases. The adaptation of MRZ reaction to CSF routine analysis increased considerably the significance of lumbar puncture for the diagnosis of multiple sclerosis, even at the time of first clinical symptoms.
Treatment of parotid gland tumors in Latvian Oncological Center.; A total of 268 patients were treated for parotid gland lesions at department of Head and Neck Surgery of Latvian Oncological Center between 1996 and 2000, and the results were analyzed retrospectively. The objective was to analyze the incidence and factors associated with facial nerve dysfunction after different types of parotidectomies with facial nerve dissection and to compare the changing attitudes towards the pathology and surgical treatment in order to better define prevention and management of pleomorphic adenoma recurrences. Limited superficial parotidectomy was the commonest operation performed in 143 patients. Other procedures were complete superficial parotidectomy in 11%, total radical surgery in 10 patients and enucleation in 20 patients. Neck node dissection was done in 9 patients. In 4 patients (6%) paresis was observed after limited superficial parotidectomy, in 10 patients (16%) after complete superficial parotidectomy, in 18 cases (28%) after near - total (subtotal) parotidectomy and in 32 patients (50%) after total parotidectomy. Recurences after the surgical treatment of benign diseases were observed in 12 patients (5.2%). Overall 5-year survival for all stages and histologic types was 58 %.
Septic thrombosis of the cavernous sinus complicated by intracerebral hemorrhage; A case of septic cavernous sinus thrombosis in 41 year old men is described. One week prior to hospitalisation he had an influenza infection. During influenza nose furunculus, labial herpes and viral left otitis media with facial nerve paresis occurred. Patient manipulated furunculus nasi. On admission to hospital he complained of severe hedeache, left ear pain and left visual loss. He had left orbital cellulitis with immobile eyeball, the left part of the face, neck and throat were swollen. Lumbar puncture showed cerebrospinal fluid containing protein 156 mg/dl, glucose 94 mg/dl, and 5888 polymorphonuclear cells. Cranial CT scan showed left exophatlmos with periorbital swelling, left ethmoid sinusitis, and probable thrombosis of cerebral vessels. Involvement of the right eye appeared after two days. He was treated with high dose of antibiotics, steroids and anticoagulants. After four days in the control cranial CT scan two focus of intracerebral hemorrhage were found in the frontal lobe. We excluded anticoagulants from the therapy. The patients improved slowly and he was discharged after 22 days of hospitalisation with the left abducent and facial nerve paresis.
The dilemma of a lateral pharyngeal mass causing stridor in a neonate; Neonatal stridor resulting from intrinsic or extrinsic aberration in the upper respiratory tract often poses not only a diagnostic problem, but also a difficult airway and a dilemma as to the necessity / timing of surgical intervention. A 45 day old female child with increasing stridor since birth was managed by emergency intubation and CT scan followed by excision biopsy of the cystic left sided parapharyngeal mass via a transcervical approach. On histopathology, the excised specimen was reported as cystic salivary choristoma.
Guillain-Barre syndrome associated with acute hepatitis E; A 58-year-old woman presented with a brief icteric illness followed by progressive bilateral symmetrical hypotonic areflexic muscular weakness and unilateral infranuclear facial palsy. She was diagnosed to be suffering from Guillain-Barre syndrome and acute hepatitis E. Such an association has not been described till date. © 2004 Indian Journal of Gastroenterology.
AMSAN variant of Guillain Barre syndrome progressing to chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy in a patient with Marfan's syndrome and pulmonary tuberculosis; We report a 40-year old man who has Marfan's syndrome and was recently diagnosed to have pulmonary tuberculosis when he presented with chronic cough. He was admitted with bilateral lower limb weakness which was ascending in nature. He eventually required ventilation. It was initially thought to be isoniazid-neuropathy. However, stopping the drug did not improve the condition and the patient developed bilateral lower motor neuron 7th cranial nerve palsy. Nerve conduction, MSI and CSF studies were done to confirm a first case report of AMSAN variant progressing to CIDP in a patient with Marfan's syndrome and pulmonary tuberculosis.
Treatment of Lyme disease; Full title. Treatment of Lyme disease. New Medical Letter recommendations for prophylaxis and treatment.
Bilateral orbital tumor formation and isolated facial palsy in Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia; A 32-year-old lady presented with bilateral painful proptosis and left infranuclear facial palsy. She was mildly anemic. Ocular examination revealed a firm non-tender mass in the super lateral quadrant of both orbits. Fine-needle aspiration cytology from the orbital mass showed the presence of lymphoplasmacytoid cells. Bone marrow aspiration also showed the presence of similar cells. An IgM monoclonal gammopathy was seen on serum protein electrophoresis. A diagnosis of Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia was made on the basis of these findings. Hyperviscosity retinopathy is the most commonly reported ocular abnormality in Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia. Orbital tumor formation and cranial nerve palsies are rarely reported in this condition. We describe the first case of Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia presenting as an isolated orbital mass and facial nerve palsy. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2007.
Clinical review: A systematic review of corticosteroid use in infections; Traditional teaching suggests that corticosteroids should be avoided during acute infectious episodes for fear of compromising the immune response. However, the outcome benefit shown through steroid administration in early septic shock implies this paranoia may be misplaced. We therefore performed a systematic review of the literature to identify the current strength of evidence for the use of corticosteroids in specified infections, and to make appropriate graded recommendations. © 2005 BioMed Central Ltd.
The management of large hemispheric cerebral infarcts; Large hemispheric cerebral infarcts have significant morbidity and mortality. Our understanding of this pathophysiological process involved with secondary neurological deterioration in large hemispheric infarctions has increased in the past few decades. New experimental strategies designed to improve outcome are reviewed. © Copyright 2005 by ASCMS. All rights of any nature whatsoever reserved.
A comparison of reported gastrointestinal and thromboembolic events between rofecoxib and celecoxib using observational data; Background and objectives: Rofecoxib, a selective cyclo-oxygenase (COX)-2 inhibitor, was a widely marketed drug that was used for relief of pain and inflammation in arthritic conditions. It was withdrawn from the market worldwide in September 2004 because of an increased risk of cardiovascular events. Celecoxib, which belongs to the same class of drugs, is now under scrutiny for the risk of similar events. The objective of our study was to compare the incidence of gastrointestinal (GI) [symptomatic and complicated upper GI] events and thromboembolic (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and peripheral venous) events reported for patients prescribed rofecoxib or celecoxib in primary care. Methods: A retrospective analysis of selected events was conducted using data collected from previously conducted prescription-event monitoring (PEM) studies for rofecoxib and celecoxib. PEM is an observational cohort technique. Exposure data were derived from dispensed prescriptions for rofecoxib (July-November 1999) and celecoxib (May-December 2000) that were written by primary care general practitioners in England. Outcome data were clinical events and information on potential risk factors reported on simple questionnaires (posted to prescribers approximately 9 months after the date of the first prescription). Incidence rates of the first event during treatment within each thromboembolic and GI group were calculated during the 270 days after the patient started receiving either of the drugs; crude and adjusted rate ratios (RR) were calculated for rofecoxib compared with celecoxib using Poisson regression modelling. Results: The rofecoxib and celecoxib PEM cohorts contained 15 268 and 17 458 patients, respectively. For the GI event groups, the adjusted RRs for rofecoxib compared with celecoxib were: 1.21 (95% CI 1.09, 1.36) for symptomatic upper GI events and 1.60 (95% CI 0.95, 2.70) for complicated upper GI conditions. For the thromboembolic event groups, the adjusted RRs were: 1.04 (95% CI 0.50, 2.17) for cardiovascular thromboembolic events; 1.43 (95% CI 0.86, 2.38) for cerebrovascular thromboembolic events; and 0.36 (95% CI 0.01, 1.34) for peripheral venous thromboembolic events. Conclusions: This study was a retrospective comparison of PEM studies conducted for rofecoxib and celecoxib. For symptomatic upper GI events, a 21% increase in the relative rate was found for rofecoxib users compared with celecoxib users after adjusting for identified risk factors. For complicated upper GI events, no statistically significant difference in the incidence was observed between rofecoxib and celecoxib users after adjusting for identified risk factors. For the three thromboembolic event groups, no evidence of a statistically significant difference between rofecoxib and celecoxib users was found after adjusting for identified risk factors. This study contributes to the understanding of the association between COX-2 inhibitors and thromboembolic events. However, it should be borne in mind that we had information on only a limited number of confounding variables for thromboembolic events. Further research is required to fully understand the risks and benefits of using celecoxib and other COX-2 inhibitors. Meanwhile, doctors should be cautious when prescribing these products, particularly to patients with risk factors for developing thromboembolic events. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Conservative parotidectomy for the treatment of parotid cancers; A conservative parotidectomy is defined as any procedure that is less than a classic superficial parotidectomy, and where less than a full facial nerve is dissected. The aim of this study was to evaluate the oncologic effects of a conservative parotidectomy in a series of patients with malignant tumors of the parotid gland. The medical records of 43 patients treated at Severance Hospital from 1992 to 2002 who had been diagnosed with parotid cancers confined to the superficial lobe, and had also undergone conservative parotidectomies were reviewed. There were 16 males and 27 females, ranging in age from 8 to 84 years. Sixteen tumors (37%) were high-grade and 27 tumors (63%) were low-grade cancers. Twenty-four patients underwent neck dissection simultaneously with the primary lesion. Surgical treatment was followed by radiotherapy in 10 patients. The follow-up period ranged from 8 to 130 months, with a mean duration of time at 57.7 months. The overall survival rate and the disease-free rate at five years were 88% and 79%, respectively. Univariate analyses showed histologic tumor grade (p = 0.003) and pathologic neck node metastasis (p < 0.001) to be significant variables. Based on multivariate analysis, only the presence of pathologically positive lymph nodes proved to be significant (p = 0.001). Occult metastases rates was 25% (3 of 12 cases) for high-grade tumors and none of the low-grade tumors had microscopic metastases. Recurrences developed in eight cases (19%). Four cases (9%) had a local or locoregional failure. Of these cases, two cases were high-grade tumors (13%, 2 of 16) and the other two cases were low-grade tumors (7%, 2 of 27). The six cases (14%) of which four cases were high-grade (25%) and two cases were low-grade (7%) had positive surgical margin but showed no evidence of local recurrence after additional postoperative radiotherapy. The incidence of postoperative facial nerve paralysis (HB > 1) was 12% (5 outof 43) for a temporary deficit, but there was no permanent paralysis. Conservative parotidectomy with appropriate postoperative radiotherapy may be an acceptable procedure without potential morbidity, such as postoperative facial palsy, in the treatment of low-grade parotid cancers confined to the superficial lobe if the facial nerve is sufficiently distant from the tumor. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pediatric facial nerve paralysis: Patients, management and outcomes; Objective: To characterize the causes and treatment of facial nerve paresis (FNP) in pediatric patients. Method: Retrospective study in a tertiary care pediatric hospital. Thirty-four patients identified with partial or complete FNP evaluated between 1997 and 2003. A review of the medical records including sex, age, laterality, etiology, therapy, severity of paralysis according to House-Brackman (HB) six-point grading scale, duration, and degree of recovery. Results: Thirty-five cases of FNP. Causes of FNP were infectious (13), traumatic (7), iatrogenic (5), congenital (4), Bell's/Idiopathic (3), relapsing (2) and neoplastic (1). Peak age distributions for both infectious and traumatic etiologies were bimodal: 1-3 and 8-12 years. Of the 13 infectious cases, 11 were associated with acute otitis media with effusion (AOME). Four (4/11) were bacterial-culture negative. Seven (7/11) were bacterial-culture positive, four (4/7) of which required prolonged, broth-medium culture. Bacteria cultured predominantly included Staphylococcus non-aureus species (5/7) and Propionobacterium acnes (3/7). One (1/13) was viral culture positive (Herpes Simplex Virus). All six patients who received intravenous steroids for OME-associated FNP received the doses within the first week of presentation and had complete recovery (HB I/VI); three of five patients who did not receive steroids had complete recovery. There were five iatrogenic cases; two (2/5) were planned surgical sacrifices and three (3/5) were complications of middle ear/mastoid surgery. Facial nerve function associated with infection returned in 0.5-2 months while, when associated with trauma, returned in 0.25-30 months. Conclusions: In infectious or traumatic FNP, children aged 1-3 and 8-12 years are the primary groups involved. In AOME FNP, culture-identified organisms may not be representative of traditional pathogens. Infectious FNP averaged 1 month for recovery while traumatic FNP averaged 9 months. Intravenous steroid therapy may improve the outcome. Recovery was complete (HB I/VI) in 8/10 infectious and 4/6 traumatic cases. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Delayed presentation of traumatic facial nerve (CN VII) paralysis; Facial nerve paralysis (Cranial Nerve VII, CN VII) can be a disfiguring disorder with profound impact upon the patient. The etiology of facial nerve paralysis may be congenital, iatrogenic, or result from neoplasm, infection, trauma, or toxic exposure. In the emergency department, the most common cause of unilateral facial paralysis is Bell's palsy, also known as idiopathic facial paralysis (IFP). We report a case of delayed presentation of unilateral facial nerve paralysis 3 days after sustaining a traumatic head injury. Re-evaluation and imaging of this patient revealed a full facial paralysis and temporal bone fracture extending into the facial canal. Because cranial nerve injuries occur in approximately 5-10% of head-injured patients, a good history and physical examination is important to differentiate IFP from another etiology. Newer generation high-resolution computed tomography (CT) scans are commonly demonstrating these fractures. An understanding of this complication, appropriate patient follow-up, and early involvement of the Otolaryngologist is important in management of these patients. The mechanism as well as the timing of facial nerve paralysis will determine the proper evaluation, consultation, and management for the patient. Patients with total or immediate paralysis as well as those with poorly prognostic audiogram results are good candidates for surgical repair. © 2005 Elsevier Inc.
Neurological complications following extrusion of sodium hypochlorite solution during root canal treatment; Aim: To report the presentation and management of two cases with neurological complications secondary to the extrusion of sodium hypochlorite solution into the facial soft tissues during root canal treatment. Summary: The clinical features, with particular emphasis on nerve deficit following inadvertent extrusion of sodium hypochlorite, are discussed and its management highlighted. Early and aggressive treatment is advocated following such incidents in order to reduce potentially serious complications. © 2005 International Endodontic Journal.
Muscle activity in the partially paralyzed face after placement of a fascial sling: A preliminary report; Neuromuscular re-education (ie, physical therapy) is often the first treatment given to patients with a partial facial paralysis. The purpose of this paper was to examine whether by repositioning and supporting partially paretic muscles with a fascial sling, one could improve facial movement in patients for whom the benefits of physical therapy had plateaued. Six patients with a history of unilateral, partial facial paralysis were assessed using the Facial Grading System (FGS) and surface electromyography (EMG) recordings of facial muscle activity. Automated facial analysis (AFA) was used to measure the facial excursions of the most recent patient. The FGS composite scores indicated improvement following static sling placement in all patients. The FGS subscale scores for voluntary movement indicated that the excursion of facial movement increased in 4 of the 6 patients. Surface EMG data demonstrated increased muscle activity in the zygomaticus major muscle in all patients. AFA demonstrated that following sling placement, the excursion of the lip commissure nearly doubled. The sling procedure, traditionally considered an intervention for improving static symmetry of the face, may also be useful for enhancing movement in some patients with a partial facial paralysis. Additional data, such as measurements provided by AFA, are needed to correlate facial displacement with EMG muscle activity. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Heerfordt syndrome initially presenting with subcutaneous mass lesions: Usefulness of gallium-67 scans before and after treatment; Heerfordt syndrome is characterized by parotid gland swelling, uveitis, facial nerve palsy, and fever. This syndrome is recognized as a rare special form of sarcoidosis, and the definite diagnosis of this syndrome is made histologically according to sarcoidosis, ie, by demonstration of noncaseating epithelioid cell granulomas. Although a gallium-67 scan is helpful for the diagnosis of sarcoidosis, there have been very few reports on the usefulness of gallium-67 scan for this syndrome. We present gallium-67 scans obtained before and after treatment in a case of Heerfordt syndrome. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Peripheral facial nerve paralysis after peritonsillar infiltration of bupivacaine: A case report; Peritonsillar infiltration of a local anesthetic solution for reduction of posttonsillectomy pain is commonly used although the benefit and complications of this technique have not yet been well established. We report a case of a 4-year-old boy who developed peripheral facial nerve paralysis after perioperative infiltration of bupivacaine and uneventful tonsillectomy. The paralysis was noticed a few minutes after extubation and resolved completely after 8 hours. We assumed this to be caused by the direct action of the local anesthetic agent on the facial nerve. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical prognostic factors in malignant parotid gland tumors; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the factors in parotid malignant epithelial tumors influencing recurrences and disease-specific survival. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the files of 150 patients treated at our institution, from 1974 to 1998. Twenty-four patients were not treated by surgery and were excluded from this study. The remaining 126 patients were treated with surgery and 74 patients had postoperative radiotherapy. Thirty-three patients were treated with parotidectomy plus neck dissection. Neck lymph node metastasis was found in 22 patients, 5 patients had occult neck metastasis, and 4 periparotid lymph nodes metastasis. The mean age was 49 years old. According to the UICC/1997 TNM Classification, 49 patients were stage I, 27 stage II, 22 stage III, and 28 stage IV. The influence of selected factors on the 10 year disease-specific survival was analyzed using the Kaplan-Meier actuarial method and the log-rank test. RESULTS: Forty patients had mucoepidermoid carcinoma, 18 patients adenocarcinoma NOS, 18 patients acinic cell carcinoma, 15 patients adenoid cystic carcinoma, 11 patients malignant mixed tumor, 11 patients salivary duct carcinoma, and 13 patients other pathology. Twenty-five patients had recurrences: 17 had local recurrences, 4 patients had neck recurrences, and 4 were loco-regional recurrences. Five factors influenced negatively the prognosis: 1) T stage (p.00001), 2) grade (p.00001), 3) + lymph nodes (p.0007), 4) facial nerve dysfunction (p.0001), and 5) age (p.004). Patients with high-grade tumors and high-stage tumors had the worst prognosis according to the multivariate analysis. The 10-year disease-specific survival was 97% for stage I, 81% for stage II, 56% for stage III, and 20% for stage IV. CONCLUSION: The grade of the tumor and stage were the most important prognostic factor. EBM RATING: C. © 2005 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Cranial polyneuvritis by Herpes Zoster sine herpete; Introduction: The neurological manifestations associated with Varicella-Zoster virus infection (primary infection or reactivation) are multiple. These include postherpetic neuralgia, peripheral facial palsy, cranial polyneuropathy, aseptic meningitis, encephalitis, myelitis, cerebral vasculopathy, Guillain-Barré syndrome, motor polyneuropathy and ophthalmic herpes zoster with contralateral hemiparesis. A higher incidence of neurological complications of Varicella-Zoster virus infection without the typical vesicular rash has been described. This is called zoster sine herpete. We present a patient with a Varicella-Zoster virus complication manifested as a cranial polyneuvritis (V, VII e VIII nerves dysfunction) without any typical cutaneous lesions. This made the early diagnosis difficult. Clinical report: A 56-year-old imunocompetent man, with a past history of uncontrolled hypertension, was admitted with a seven-day history of right ear pain, hearing loss and peripheral facial palsy. Three days after the first symptoms arrived, tinnitus and vertigo appeared. A neuralgic pain, hyperalgesia and alodynia in the distribution of the right V1 trigeminal branch also appeared. There were no vesicular eruptions on the ear, tongue or hard palate and ENT examination showed a neurosensorial hypoacusia. Cranial and petrous bone CT and MRI did not show any alteration. Lumbar puncture showed a slight lymphocytic pleocytosis which spontaneously disappeared 15 days later. Varicella-Zoster virus blood serology was positive. This was known only one month later, when an 8-day course of valacyclovir was prescribed. Recovery was not complete. Facial palsy completely resolved but, he still has slight vertigo, alodynia and neuropathic pain on V1 distribution one year later. Conclusions: Herpes zoster may manifest exclusively through neurological symptoms and signs, without the typical cutaneous lesions. It is important to remember this nosological entity when facing an atypical presentation of a viral disease in order to act early and reverse the prognosis. This did not happen with our patient.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome; Introduction. Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome is a rare, inflammatory disease with manifestations affecting the ocular, central nervous, audito-vestibular, and integumentary systems. Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome is more frequent in Asia but is also described in Europe. We report three new non asiatic cases of this syndrome. Observations. The three patients had bilateral panuveitis and hypoacusia. Two of them had peripheral facial palsy, two of them had vestibular syndrome and one of them lymphocytic meningitis. In each case we found characteristic HLA II typing and in one case we discovered the simultaneous presence of three auto-antibodies: anti-retina (anti-Arrestin type), anti-choroid and anti-cochlea. These patients were treated by corticosteroids but required an additional treatment by cyclophosphamide (0.8g/m2). The clinical course was favorable with visual sequelae for two and auditory one for one. Discussion. These biological and therapeutic elements and a review of the recent literature are in favor of an autoimmune origin of this syndrome. © Masson.
Outcome of surgery for parotid tumours: 5-Year experience of a general surgical unit in a teaching hospital; Background: Most of the recent reports on the surgical management of parotid gland disorders come from specialist divisions of otolaryngology, head and neck, or faciomaxillary surgery. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the outcome of surgery for parotid tumours in a general surgical unit of a teaching hospital. Method: A prospective clinicopathological study was undertaken over a 5-year period for consecutive patients operated on for parotid gland tumours in the King Saud University Unit of Riyadh Medical Complex. Parameters analyzed were demographic details, clinical presentation, diagnostic work-up, type of surgery, and outcome in terms of early and late morbidity. Results: Thirty seven parotid operations were performed on 36 consecutive patients. All patients presented with parotid gland swelling. Mean age was 51.6 years with a male preponderance. Fine-needle aspiration diagnosed the pathology in 33 out of 37 lesions. Pleomorphic adenoma was the commonest pathology observed in 24 patients (64.9%). Warthin's tumour was more common among male patients and was the only pathology with bilateral involvement. Malignant tumour was found in five patients (13.5%). Superficial conservative parotidectomy was the most frequently performed operation (84%). Overall postoperative morbidity was 13.5%. Transient facial nerve palsy was observed in seven cases (19%). There was no recurrence identified in patients with benign diseases during the mean follow up of 38.5 months. Conclusion: Parotid gland surgery can still be performed in a general surgery unit with comparable outcome. However, the operation should be performed in units with special interest and experience in surgery for parotid gland disorders.
Clinical applications of progesterone receptor antagonists and selective progesterone receptor modulators; Since the description of the structure of the first progesterone receptor antagonist, mifepristone, was published, numerous related compounds have been synthesized, which may function as progesterone receptor antagonists (PRAs) or selective progesterone receptor modulators (SPRMs). The latter may be defined as a class of progesterone receptor ligands that exert clinically relevant tissue-selective full or partial progesterone agonist and antagonist effects on various progesterone target tissues in an in vivo situation depending on the biologic action studied. Mifepristone is a classic example of a PRA, whereas asoprisnil is an example of a SPRM. Short-term clinical applications of mifepristone include termination of first- and second-trimester pregnancy, early fetal demise (presence of nonviable embryo/fetus), and fetal death. It is also an excellent emergency contraceptive and can be used for menstrual regulation in women with menses delay. When given long-term, many PRAs and SPRMs display antiproliferative effects in the endometrium, and they are also associated with amenorrhea. Serum estradiol levels, however, remain in the early to midfollicular phase range. Because of their antiproliferative and progestin-antagonist action, PRAs and SPRMs have application in the treatment of uterine myoma and endometriosis without being associated with hypoestrogenism and its adverse consequences. Mifepristone has also been shown to have contraceptive potential by blocking the luteinizing hormone surge. It also reduces bleeding in progestin-only contraception. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Transient facial nerve paralysis after mandibular sagittal osteotomy; Facial nerve injuries are rare complications after orthognathic surgery. A literature review shows that such damages can develop with various mechanisms and are usually transient. Two cases of delayed facial paralysis after mandibular osteotomy with spontaneous recovery are reported.
Intrapretosal schwannomas of facial nerve; The aim of this study was to determine the factors that are important to the diagnosis and treatment of facial neuroma. The most common tumors of the peripheral nerves are the neurinomas; about 50% of them are found in the head and neck region. Among them, the most frequent is the VIII nerve tumor, while the facial neuroma is extremely rare. Neuromas can be intracraneal, intratemporal and extratemporal. The last one has a higher frequency. We present our experience in the intrapetrosal facial neuromas; usually showing different presentation symptoms wich is a characteristic of them. Retrospective study that was carried out at a private tertiary referral center. 3 patients were referred from other centers for otological surgery. One of them had symptoms of chronic otitis media, the second one was diagnosed of a glomus tumor and the last one showed a facial palsy. All the patients were operated on and then the facial nerve was repaired. Two patients had an end to end anastomosis, and in the other one we managed to keep the integrity of the facial nerve. The Hous -Brackmann facial grading scale was used. Two patients had grade II and the other grade III in this scale in the long-term follow up.
Clinical observation on plum-blossom needle therapy combined with cupping for treatment of acute facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe clinical therapeutic effect of plum-blossom needle therapy combined with cupping at the affected side on acute facial paralysis.
Meta-analysis on acupoint sticking therapy for facial paralysis; METHODS: Search the literatures in the whole paper databank of China figure medical library (Jan. 1994-Dec. 2004) and China Biomedical Literature Disk Databank (Jan. 1995-Dec. 2004). Meta-analysis was conducted with RevMan 4. 2. 5 software.
Perspectives on the use of data mining in pharmacovigilance; In the last 5 years, regulatory agencies and drug monitoring centres have been developing computerised data-mining methods to better identify reporting relationships in spontaneous reporting databases that could signal possible adverse drug reactions. At present, there are no guidelines or standards for the use of these methods in routine pharmacovigilance. In 2003, a group of statisticians, pharmacoepidemiologists and pharmacovigilance professionals from the pharmaceutical industry and the US FDA formed the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America-FDA Collaborative Working Group on Safety Evaluation Tools to review best practices for the use of these methods. In this paper, we provide an overview of: (i) the statistical and operational attributes of several currently used methods and their strengths and limitations; (ii) information about the characteristics of various postmarketing safety databases with which these tools can be deployed; (iii) analytical considerations for using safety data-mining methods and interpreting the results; and (iv) points to consider in integration of safety data mining with traditional pharmacovigilance methods. Perspectives from both the FDA and the industry are provided. Data mining is a potentially useful adjunct to traditional pharmacovigilance methods. The results of data mining should be viewed as hypothesis generating and should be evaluated in the context of other relevant data. The availability of a publicly accessible global safety database, which is updated on a frequent basis, would further enhance detection and communication about safety issues. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Acute otitis media in children; Acute otitis media (A.O.M.) occurs mainly in children. The first peak of this disease appears between 6-18 month of life, and the second between 4-7 year of age. The younger age at which the first A.O.M. incidence is noted, the higher probability of its recurrence. In Poland 65% of children up to the 2 year of age suffer from otitis media once, and 30% more than three times. The portal of infection in a.o.m. comprises: 1. Eustachian tube 2. Blood vessels 3. External auditory meatus with perforated tympanic membrane. In ca. 30% of a.o.m. the causative agents are viruses, while in 70% the disease is due to bacteria (Streptococcus pneumoniae in 30-40%, Haemophilus influenzae ca. 20%, Moreaxella catarrhalis 10-15%). A.O.M. is diagnosed basing on history, but mainly using otoscopic examination. Regarding different ear anatomy in infants, otoscopic examination may cause many difficulties. In A.O.M. due to possible dehiscence in tegmen tympani or antri may occur meningismus, and dehiscence in the facial nerve canal can occur facial nerve paresis. The treatment of choice is tympanocentesis and administration of amoxycyllin in the dose of 40 mg/kg b.w. daily. After recovery, the examination of upper respiratory tract patency should be performed and following that the evaluation of the ear should be continued.
Mechanisms of broad cross-protection provided by influenza virus infection and their application to vaccines; Mice recovered from influenza A virus infection have been shown to be cross-protected against challenge infection with either drift viruses within a subtype (subtype-specific immunity) or different subtype viruses (heterosubtypic immunity). The mechanisms of broad -spectrum cross-protection could be explained as follows. (i) Pre-existing S-IgA and IgG antibodies (Abs) induced by infection are involved in the elimination of challenge viruses by forming virus-Ig complexes shortly after re-infection. Due to their polymeric nature, the S-IgA Abs, existing more abundant on the mucosa than are IgG Abs, are strongly cross-reactive with challenge viruses, whereas the IgG Abs are weakly cross-reactive with challenge viruses, due to their monomeric nature. The specificity of Abs is directed mainly at hemagglutinin and neuraminidase. (ii) CD8+ memory T cells induced by infection are involved in the elimination of challenge viruses by the accelerated killing of host cells infected with different subtype viruses from day 3 onwards after re-infection. The specificity of memory T cells is directed against viral internal proteins. (iii) The accelerated IgA and IgG Ab responses, produced by B memory cells after a challenge, are also involved in cross-protection from day 4 onwards after re-infection. (iv) In the epithelial cells of infected mice, dimeric IgA that is trafficked through the epithelial cells can contribute to the prevention of viral assembly by binding to newly synthesized viral proteins. Natural infection is well known to be superior to parenteral inactivated vaccines in inducing the broad-spectrum cross-protection. To improve the efficacy of current inactivated vaccines, many trials have been conducted to mimic natural infection, including intranasal or epidermal administration of inactivated vaccine with or without an adjuvant; such studies are still ongoing. In the near future, some of these trials may provide new, safer and more effective broad-spectrum vaccines than those currently available.
Bilateral facial nerve palsy in the course of neuroborreliosis in children-dynamics, laboratory tests and treatment.; PURPOSE: Presentation of four patients with bilateral peripheral facial nerve palsy as a clinical manifestation of neuroborreliosis in children--diagnostic, treatment and prognosis. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In 2002-2004 in The Chair and Department of Developmental Neurology, 24 children from the Wielkopolska region were admitted with diagnosis of borreliosis. Among all the children with borreliosis, confirmed by serologic examination, 4 (16.7%) demonstrated bilateral peripheral facial palsy (PFP). We investigated the presence of IgM class and IgG class specific antibodies in the sera and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of 4 patients with bilateral PFP. (Detected by immunoenzymatic methods--ELISA.) RESULTS: Before the occurrence of PFP all the children manifested unspecified systemic symptoms such as headaches, muscle and articulation pains, weakness and in two cases a mood depression. At first all patients demonstrated elevated IgM antibodies and proper levels of IgG antibodies. Control tests administered within 2-14 months later reduction of antibodies was indicated. Two patients demonstrated significant pleocytosis in CSF test, (without the meningeal symptoms). All children were treated with physiotherapeutic procedures and were administered antibiotic intravenously. CONCLUSIONS: PFP is one of the most frequent neurological symptoms of borreliosis in children. In case of acute PFP and especially the bilateral form of PFP, neuroborreliosis is the most probable diagnosis. All children reported PFP at one side first and after several weeks the paresis of the facial nerve on the opposite side usually appeared. The clinical state of children started to improve after the introduction of physiotherapy and this process usually lasted several months.
Vestibulotomy above a severely displaced facial nerve; Conclusions. Vestibulotomy above a severely displaced facial nerve represents a new surgical approach to achieve serviceable hearing. The lack of facial nerve injury and the potential for hearing restoration make this procedure feasible in patients who would otherwise be marginal or poor surgical candidates. Objective. To investigate the feasibility of vestibulotomy above a severely displaced facial nerve. Material and methods. Eight patients with severe congenital conductive hearing loss underwent vestibulotomy above a severely displaced facial nerve and hearing reconstruction between January 2000 and January 2002. All patients had congenital middle ear deformities. The facial nerves overhung and concealed the oval window niche or lay inferior to the oval window. The facial nerves were transposed in order to reach the oval window niche in four of eight cases. Results. Hearing gain was 15 dB in 2 ears, 16-25 dB in 3 and >26 dB in 3. There were no cases of postoperative facial paresis. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Cerebellopontine angle and internal auditory canal metastasis from ductal carcinoma of the breast; This is the first formal case report of internal auditory canal and cerebellopontine angle metastasis from infiltrative ductal carcinoma of the breast. Only three previous cases have been reported of isolated metastasis in the cerebellopontine angle and internal auditory canal from breast cancer. Currently, no therapeutic guidelines for isolated metastasis from breast cancer in this location exist. We report a case and review the current literature in order to help characterize the clinicopathologic features and management. A 72-year-old female with a 5-year history of left infiltrative ductal carcinoma of the breast reported progressive left-sided facial palsy and ipsilateral hearing loss accompanied by the development of tinnitus and unsteadiness during the previous 3 months. MRI identified a lesion in the cerebellopontine angle and internal auditory canal. The lesion was completely excised via a retrosigmoidal approach and adjuvant radiotherapy was used subsequently. The patient remains well 18 months after treatment, with no evidence of recurrence on repeat MRI. The rapid evolution of symptoms involving the Vth, VIIth or VIIIth cranial nerve, or multiple cranial nerves, is suggestive of a malignant lesion of the cerebellopontine angle and/or internal auditory canal. A previous history of neoplasm is important due to the possibility of a metastasis. Cerebellopontine angle metastasis can be found many years after the initial diagnosis of breast neoplasm. Surgery and adjuvant radiotherapy seems to be a good choice for the treatment of patients with this specific type of metastasis. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Intraoperative single fraction high-dose-rate brachytherapy for head and neck cancers; PURPOSE: To report on the use of single fraction high-dose-rate brachytherapy in delivering localized intraoperative radiation therapy to sites in the head and neck region inaccessible to intraoperative electron beam radiotherapy (IOERT). METHODS AND MATERIALS: After maximal surgical resection, 7.5-20 Gy intraoperative high-dose-rate brachytherapy (IOHDR) was delivered to 65 patients using custom-made surface applicators. RESULTS: The 1-, 3-, and 5-year local control rates for the entire group were 77%, 69%, and 59%, respectively. The 1-, 3-, and 5-year overall survival rates were 83%, 63%, and 42%, respectively, with a median overall survival of 50 months. There were no major intraoperative or postoperative complications. CONCLUSIONS: IOHDR can be used to treat selected locally advanced head and neck tumors arising at sites inaccessible to IOERT or at institutions not using IOERT. A prospective multi-institutional study with a larger number of patients treated with IOHDR is needed to firmly establish the efficacy of IOHDR in this population group. © 2005 American Brachytherapy Society. All rights reserved.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome - Is it necessary to perform examinations towards inflammatory bowel diseases?; Crohn's disease (CD) is a non-specific, inflammatory bowel disorder. Pathological changes can occur within the whole gastrointestinal tract and clinical symptoms depend on the location of the lesions. Most frequently the patients affected with Crohn's disease suffer from spastic abdominal pain and diarrhoea. In most cases pharmacological therapy is applied, however in case of complications surgical treatment is necessary. Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is characterized by recurrent or persistent swelling of the face and lips (cheilitis granulomatosa), relapsing facial palsy and a fissured tongue. The association between MRS and CD is controversial. A case of a 54-year-old woman with the record of recurrent orofacial swelling and facial palsy, which developed many years before CD was diagnosed, is reported. On the basis of our own and other anthors experience it can be concluded that in patients with MRS regular gastrointestinal examinations should be performed.
ISMAR: An autotherapeutic device assisting patients from drooling to articulated speech; This overview of three decades of clinical experience with oral therapies complemented by oral devices-vestibular screens (VS) and ISMARs (Innsbruck sensory motor activators and regulators)-tries to put these devices into an oral functional context including postural control of mobile structures both inside and outside the mouth-down to the feet. ISMARs have certain unique features which teach a person not only better postural control of the lower jaw and, hence, hyoid bone and tongue, but also to stimulate movements of lips and tongue to improve salivary control, functions of eating and drinking and the domain of communication, e.g. facial movements and articulation of speech. A review of the relevant postural background is provided and the mechanisms are explained and may serve as models for other oral therapies. The interrelation and multi-functionality of muscular connections throughout the body explains the uniformity of facial, oral and pharyngeal dysfunctions in different conditions such as cerebral palsy, Moebius syndrome, chronic nasal congestion or developmental retardation and exposes patients with oral dysfunctions to the risks of vicious circles. However, at the same time the opportunity is given to trigger beneficious circles. Three principles of postural control in and for the neck region are postulated. Clinical observations and experiments with volunteers are described and some supporting information is given-hopefully enough to stimulate clinical work and give rise to further experimental work to illuminate this field which is extremely important for both human communication and inter-relation. © 2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.
The role of anaerobic bacteria in acute and chronic mastoiditis; Mastoiditis (M) is the most common intratemporal complication of otitis media. The incidence of M has decreased since the advent of antimicrobial agents. In the last decade, however, there has been a marked increased in the incidence of acute M in several communities, sometimes in association with the growing resistance of pneumococci. Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Staphylococcus aureus and Haemophillus influenzae are the most common organisms recovered in acute M. Several recent studies demonstrated the predominance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in this infection. However, because P. aeruginosa colonizes the ear canal it can contaminate specimens obtained through the non-sterile ear canal. P. aeruginosa, Enterobacteriaceae, S. aureus and anaerobic bacteria are the most common isolates in chronic M. Anaerobes predominate in studies where adequate methods for their isolation are employed. Management of uncomplicated M requires the administration of parenteral antimicrobial therapy and myringotomy with or without tympanostomy tube placement. If no improvement occurs within 48 h, surgical intervention and drainage may be necessary. The procedure generally employed is simple mastoidectomy, and tympanostomy tube placement. Radical mastoidectomy is performed only if there is no improvement after simple mastoidectomy.
Bell's palsy-induced blepharospasm relieved by passive eyelid closure and responsive to apomorphine; Objective: We describe the case of a woman with Bell's Palsy-induced blepharospasm (BPIB) of the right eye that appeared simultaneously with a complete left facial nerve palsy. The involuntary spasm was relieved by passive lowering of the upper eyelid on the paretic side. Methods: The recovery curve of the blink reflex was evaluated on the non-paretic side in baseline conditions, after subcutaneous apomorphine and placebo administration and 8 months later, at recovery from the palsy. Results: We found increased recovery of the test-R2 responses at short interstimulus intervals at baseline, which was normalised by apomorphine but not by placebo. At recovery the blink reflex R2 recovery curve returned to normal. Conclusions: This report demonstrates for the first time a response of BPIB to a dopamine agonist. Significance: Our findings are in agreement with an animal model of blepharospasm that suggests a combined role of weakness of the orbicularis oculi muscle and a dysfunction of the dopaminergic system in the pathogenesis of this disorder. © 2005 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prognosis of Bell's palsy in children - Analysis of 29 cases; We report 29 children with 32 episodes of Bell's palsy admitted to a university affiliated hospital during an 8-year period (1995-2003). The peak age of onset was under 3 years. Three (10.3%) had recurrent attacks. Complete recovery occurred in all 32 episodes except 1 (3.1%) with partial recovery, having MRI evidence of parotitis shown in the contralateral side. The recovery rate within 3 weeks was 68.8%. There was statistically significant increase in the duration of complete recovery for those with positive virological confirmation or mycoplasma infection. There was no significant difference between the rate of recovery in those treated with a short course of steroid (N=23 attacks) than those without steroid treatment (N=9 attacks). As there were few studies in the natural course of children with Bell's palsy, evidence based trials should be done to assess the natural course rather than giving steroid empirically as those with more protracted recovery might be viral in origin. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Thalamic ependymal cyst presenting with tremor; Case report: We report the case of a 6-year-old boy presenting with intention tremor. CT and MR scanning showed a large thalamic cyst. Treatment: Stereotactic tapping of this cyst was carried out as the first step in surgical management. Following drainage of the cyst the tremor disappeared, but recurred 18 months later. Repeat MRI showed that the thalamic cyst had refilled. As the initial tapping of the cyst had resulted in effective but only transient clinical improvement a cysto-peritoneal shunting procedure was performed. Outcome: The clinical symptoms again disappeared and the child has now remained tremor free for 3 years. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Complications of acute infective rhinosinusitis: Experience from a developing country; Introduction: Complications of acute infective sinusitis are a therapeutic emergency. The purpose of this study was to determine the clinical presentation, microbiological pattern, treatment modalities and outcome of patients diagnosed to have acute rhinogenic orbital, intra- and extra-cranial complications from a developing country in Asia. Methods: A retrospective chart review from October 1999 to January 2004 was conducted. Results: Among 247 ENT surgical emergencies documented, 13 patients (5.3 percent) were diagnosed to have acute sinusitis with various complications either as in solitary or multiple forms. Orbital complications were the most common (61.5 percent) followed by acute subdural empyema (23.1 percent) and meningitis (15.2 percent). Subdural empyema was the most common intracranial complications. Staphylococcus was reported to be the most common offending organism (45.5 percent). Majority of the patients (84.6 percent) had surgical drainage of the affected sinuses, 38.5 percent being endoscopic drainage while external approach was done for those with coexisting osteomyelitis (30.8 percent). Two patients had combined approach, and one patient had post-operative facial paresis. There was no mortality in our series. Conclusion: Early detection, aggressive medical and prompt surgical treatment by multidisciplinary approach involving ophthalmological, neurosurgical and rhinological procedures, can successfully treat the complications with a significant reduction in the morbidity and no mortality.
Botulinum toxin management of upper facial rhytidosis and blepharospasm; The injection of botulinum toxin is a nonsurgical technique that interferes minimally with a patient's daily life. The botulinum toxins have revolutionized the treatment of patients with BEB, HFS, and other facial dystonias. The success rate has been reported to be greater than 90% [26]. Patient acceptance of the injections is high. Patients with BEB are typically injected every 3 to 4 months, whereas those with HFS have injections every 4 to 6 months. Botulinum toxin treatment of deep lines of facial expression is an effective, rapid, relatively painless office procedure. Many investigators have demonstrated positive results in decreasing glabellar lines, crow's feet, and forehead lines. The procedure itself has an excellent safety profile and takes minutes. The patient may resume daily activity immediately after the treatment. Other than the possibility of a small hematoma at the injection site, the patient's appearance is practically unchanged immediately after the injections. These benefits are significant advantages in today's society. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Carcinoma ex benign pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland; Background: Carcinoma in pleomorphic salivary adenoma is a common histologic subtype of primary parotid malignancy. Methods: In this study, 28 patients (predominantly male) with histologically diagnosed carcinoma in pleomorphic salivary adenoma presenting over 10 years were retrospectively reviewed. Results: Only 25 percent of patients had a previously treated pleomorphic salivary adenoma. Although the presenting features suggested malignancy in some cases, overall they were nonspecific, overlapping with the presentation of benign disease. Preoperative investigations included fine needle aspiration cytology, which was only 29-percent sensitive, and computed tomography and/or magnetic resonance imaging. There were 14 superficial and 12 total or radical parotidectomies. The facial nerve was resected en bloc with the tumor in nine cases and immediately reconstructed with good reanimation results in patients with recent-onset facial paresis. Only 44 percent of patients had a complete histologic tumor clearance, and this was the most significant determinant of survival (p < 0.01, log-rank analysis). The locoregional control rate was 66 percent at 5 years, but recurrent disease proved invariably fatal. Five-year disease-scpecific survival was 44 percent with a high rate of disease-specific mortality (87 percent). Conclusions: Carcinoma in pleomorphic salivary adenoma is very difficult to diagnose preoperatively. Fine needle aspiration cytology had a disappointingly low sensitivity for this tumor, potentially misdirecting surgical management. While good locoregional disease control could be achieved with surgery and radiotherapy, carcinoma in pleomorphic salivary adenoma was shown to be aggressive with a high disease-specific rate of mortality. Given that incomplete tumor resection was the most important prognostic factor, a high index of clinical suspicion, radical ablative surgery, and immediate soft-tissue and nerve reconstruction for proven cases are advocated.
Selective marginal mandibular neurectomy for treatment of the marginal mandibular lip deformity in patients with chronic unilateral facial palsies; Background: For unilateral facial palsies, reanimation techniques such as cross-facial nerve grafting with free muscle transfer have been very successful at improving symmetrical lip elevation when smiling. However, these procedures do not address the residual asymmetry with respect to lip depression resulting from an uncorrected marginal mandibular nerve palsy. Techniques that do address this residual lip asymmetry have had variable results. Selective neurectomy of the unaffected marginal mandibular nerve has largely been abandoned as a treatment since it has been reported to result in severe oral functional and cosmetic deficiencies. The authors argue that selective marginal mandibular neurectomy is a reliable technique for treatment of the marginal mandibular lip deformity that does not compromise oral functionality. Methods: Thirteen patients with unilateral facial palsies underwent selective marginal mandibular neurectomy of the unaffected side; the procedure was performed by the principal investigator. These patients were then evaluated on the basis of symmetry with smiling and oral functionality. Twelve of the patients were contacted and questioned with a standardized questionnaire. Twelve of the patients were evaluated independently for symmetry with smiling using randomized preoperative and postoperative photographs. Results: Eleven of the 12 patients reported either improvement or no change in oral competence. Ten of the 12 patients reported either improvement or great improvement in symmetry with smiling. Improvement in symmetry with smiling was independently observed 77.2 percent of the time. Conclusion: These results support selective marginal mandibular neurectomy of the unaffected side in patients with unilateral facial palsies as a means of improving symmetry with smiling without compromising functionality.
Combined orbital irradiation and systemic steroids compared with systemic steroids alone in the management of moderate-to-severe Graves' ophthalmopathy: A preliminary study; Objective. To assess the efficacy and safety of combined orbital irradiation and systemic steroids in the management of moderate-to-severe Graves' ophthalmopathy. Design. Single-blind randomised prospective study. Setting. Regional hospital, Hong Kong. Patients. Sixteen patients with active moderate-to-severe Graves' ophthalmopathy who were randomly assigned to steroid therapy (ST group) or combination therapy of orbital irradiation and systemic steroids (SRT group) between June 2000 and June 2003. Main outcome measures. NOSPECS scoring system, total eye score, subjective eye score, and extra-ocular muscle thickness as determined by either computed tomographic or magnetic resonance imaging scans. Results. The study was completed by 15 of 16 patients. Both groups experienced improvement in total eye score, soft tissue swelling, ocular motility, visual acuity, and subjective eye score at 52-week follow-up. Total eye score improved earlier in the SRT group, achieving statistical significance (P<0.05) at as early as 4 weeks of follow-up. Improvement in ocular parameters was greater and led to a significantly greater reduction in total eye score than in the ST group at weeks 16, 24, and 52. Maximum extra-ocular muscle thickness was significantly reduced in the SRT group only. No change was observed in proptosis in either group. No serious adverse effect was observed with the addition of orbital irradiation to steroid therapy. Conclusion. A combination of orbital irradiation and systemic steroids is well tolerated and more effective than steroids alone in the treatment of active moderate-to-severe Graves' ophthalmopathy. It achieves greater and more rapid improvement in soft tissue swelling, ocular motility, and visual acuity.
Influenza vaccination: Options and issues; Currently available vaccines have similar efficacy if they are matched to the most prevalent circulating strains. They also have comparable adverse effect profiles. The choice of a specific preparation of vaccine therefore requires consideration of cost, purity of the vaccine preparation in terms of the amount of egg protein and endotoxin, allergy to different constituents of the vaccine, reactogenicity profiles, as well as the preferred route of administration. Intradermal injection of the vaccine appears to be a viable alternative to the traditional intramuscular administration with the additional benefit of requiring a smaller volume of vaccine. Despite the documented benefits in various community and institutional settings, influenza vaccination has been underutilised by most target groups. A major obstacle to broader coverage of vaccination is the perceived ineffectiveness of the vaccine and the relatively benign nature of the illness in most patients. Uptake of vaccine among target populations, especially health care workers, needs to be improved through a concerted effort between frontline clinicians and health authorities.
Outcome following retrosigmoid microvascular decompression of the facial nerve for hemifacial spasm; This paper evaluates the outcome of retrosigmoid microvascular decompression of the facial nerve in a series of patients suffering from hemifacial spasm who had been referred to the skull-base team (comprising senior authors DAM and DGH). The paper is a retrospective review of 15 patients who underwent retrosigmoid microvascular decompression of the facial nerve at Addenbrooke's Hospital between 1985 and 1995. In this series it was possible to obtain complete resolution of hemifacial spasm in 93.3 per cent of cases in the short term and in 80 per cent in the long term. Twelve patients (80 per cent) were symptom-free post-operatively. Two patients had minor recurrence of symptoms occurring within six months of the procedure. One patient with no identifiable vascular impingement of the facial nerve had no improvement following surgery. Three patients suffered sensorineural hearing loss. Two patients complained of post-operative tinnitus, and transient facial palsy was noted in one patient. Retrosigmoid microvascular decompression of the facial nerve provides excellent long-term symptom control in a high percentage of patients with hemifacial spasm.
A case of cervical spondylitis during stellate ganglion block; We report a case of cervical spondylitis that developed during treatment with a series of stellate ganglion blocks. A 65-year-old man was scheduled for 10 sessions of stellate ganglion block for treatment of right-sided deafness of sudden onset due to Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Administration of betamethasone was started 5 days before the first block and was continued for 6 weeks. After disinfection of the skin by povidone iodine, each stellate ganglion block was performed via the paratracheal approach. The first four block sessions were uneventful. However, during the fifth session, the patient complained of neck pain. After 10 sessions, the deafness improved and the patient was discharged from the hospital. Three weeks after discharge, he was readmitted for sustained neck and bilateral shoulder pain and numbness of the right hand. Cervical roentgenography and magnetic resonance imaging revealed spondylitis of C5 and C6. Antibiotics were administered for 2 weeks. The inflammatory variables on blood examination improved, but cervical roentgenography performed 8 weeks after the last block showed that the vertebral body of C6 was nearly completely destroyed. Four months after the last block, the vertebral bodies of C5 and C6 had fused. This case indicates that when stellate ganglion block is performed in patients who are taking a corticosteroid, the disinfection procedure must be strictly followed and that if the patient complains of neck or shoulder pain, cervical roentgenography or magnetic resonance imaging or both should be immediately performed to assess the presence of spondylitis.
Occipitoatlantoidal osteomyelitis secondary to malignant otitis externa; Malignant otitis externa is an uncommon but potentially serious infection. It can spread to the skull base but the craniovertebral junction involvement is rare. Diagnosis of malignant otitis externa demands a high index of suspicion. Radiological images are useful in the diagnosis and monitoring of the disease but none of them is definitive. The main treatment is antipseudomonal antibiotic. Wide tissue debridement has been changed because of the presence of new therapeutic options. We report a 87-year-old man with unremarkable medical history who developed a left malignant otitis externa that complicated with facial and glossopharyngeal palsy. After that the infection spreaded to the skull base and it affected the craniovertebral junction. The patient underwent antibiotic treatment during 8 weeks, with clinical condition improvement but facial palsy persistence.
Cholesteatoma surgery in pneumatized and non-pneumatized temporal bones; Background: This report compares the different surgical methods for large and pneumatized mastoid cavity (large cavity) and small and poorly pneumatized mastoid cavity (small cavity) cholesteatomas and their results for the facial nerve and mastoid cavity. Methods: In the period from January 1996 to December 2000, 101 ears with cholesteatomas underwent tympanoplasty with mastoidectomy. In the large cavity group, the posterior canal wall was removed and the vertical portion of the facial nerve was skeletonized to lower the facial ridge. Partial obliteration with conchal cartilage and perichondrium at the epitympanum and mastoid tip was used to make the external auditory canal and the mastoid a smooth common cavity without reconstruction of the posterior canal wall. In the small cavity group, the facial ridge was not intentionally lowered as long as the cholesteatoma was completely removed. The whole mastoid cavity was obliterated and the posterior canal wall was reconstructed. The newly reconstructed posterior canal wall was composed of preserved facial ridge in the lower part and obliterated conchal cartilage in the upper part. Results: There were 27 ears with large cavity cholesteatomas and 74 with small cavity cholesteatomas. The incidences of postoperative complications (large cavity versus small cavity) were: facial paralysis, 3 versus 0; minor wound infection, 2 versus 8; flap partial necrosis, 1 versus 4; cartilage partial necrosis, 0 versus 2; external auditory canal stenosis, 0 versus 2; residual drum perforation, 3 versus 3; otitis media with effusion, 3 versus 4; recurrent cholesteatoma, 0 versus 2; and residual cholesteatoma, 1 versus 2. Conclusion: Significantly more postoperative facial nerve paralysis in the large cavity group was correlated to skeletonization of the facial nerve and treatment of the facial ridge. ©2005 Elsevier. All rights reserved.
Cerebral infarction presenting as sudden sensorineural hearing loss and vertigo - A case report; A 54-year-old man transferred to our emergency department due to sudden vertigo and left-side hearing impairment lasting several hours was found in clinical examination and audiovestibular tests to have profound sensorineural hearing loss and spontaneous right horizontal rotatory nystagmus. He had no other neurological deficits and was given intravenous steroids. On day 4, he reported mild numbness in the right hand. MRI showed infarctions in the left pons (basilar artery region) and in the left middle cerebellar penduncle (AICA region). These were followed by a right Babinski reflex, gait ataxia, and delayed left-sided facial palsy with newly left horizontal rotatory nystagmus. Antiplatelet agents and anticoagulation therapy were begun. He recovered completely except for the profound hearing loss.
Acute pathological laughter; Pseudobulbar effect is a condition characterized by uncontrollable episodes of inappropriate laughing or crying that are disproportionate and discordant to the situation at hand. We report on a 16-year-old woman presenting with acute pathological laughter in the context of CNS demyelinating disease. Brain MRI scans fortuitously obtained before and after the onset of this symptom demonstrated acute gadolinium-enhancing lesions in the cerebral peduncles. The etiology of this condition remains theoretical; however, the results here provide further insights into the pathways of emotional control. © 2005 Movement Disorder Society.
A case of vulvitis granulomatosa; Merkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is characterized by cheilitis or pareitis granulomatosa, facial palsy, and fissured tongue. Sometimes the forehead, eyelids and chin are involved, and occasionally genital lesions are present. A vulval lesion of MRS is named vulvitis granulomatosa. Tranilast has been described as an effective treatment for cases of MRS, granulomatous cheilitis, and granulomatous blepharitis. Herein we report a successful treatment with tranilast of an adult female patient with vulvitis granulomatosa.
Reanimation of the paralyzed face by entire temporalis muscle transposition. An endoscopic approach; The endoscopic approach is a useful tool in the temporalis lengthening technique as proposed by Labbé [12] in minimizing the scars, and in avoiding a bicoronal incision and osteotomy of the zygomatic arch. The temporalis lengthening procedure is a promising technique on one hand for a longstanding facial palsy, and on the other hand for those cases where other techniques have failed. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
300 MACS-lift short scar rhytidectomies: Analysis of results and complications; Between November 1999 and April 2004, 300 MACS-lifts (Minimal Access Cranial Suspension - lifts) were performed. Starting from the idea of suspension of sagged soft tissues with permanent purse-string sutures, a new comprehensive approach to facial rejuvenation was developed, in which the vertical vector appeared to be essential.The neck is corrected by extended submental liposuction and strong vertical traction on the lateral part of the platysma by means of a first vertical purse-string suture. The volume of the jowls and the cheeks is repositioned in a cranial direction with a second, slightly-oblique purse-string suture. The descent of the midface is corrected by suspending the malar fat pad in a nearly vertical direction.The skin excess generated by these actions is redraped in a pure vertical direction and excised at the temporal hairline and the paracanthal region. As no horizontal pull on the skin is exerted, a retro-auricular incision becomes obsolete. The result is a pure antigravitational lifting procedure, which produces a natural facial rejuvenation through a short scar. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Combined HSV-TK/IL-2 gene therapy in patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme: Biological and clinical results; a The first two authors contributed equally to this work. Following our pilot clinical study of combined IL-2/HSV-TK gene therapy for recurrent glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), we extended the protocol to a larger population of patients and evaluated safety, feasibility, and biological activity of treatment. A total of 12 patients received intratumor injection of retroviral vector-producing cells (RVPCs), followed by intravenous ganciclovir (CCV). Treatment was well tolerated with only minor adverse events. Transduction of tumor cells was demonstrated in tumor biopsies. A marked and persistent increase of intratumor and plasma Th1 cytokine levels was demonstrated after RVPC injection. At magnetic resonance imaging evaluation, two patients had a partial response (including a patient showing disappearance of a distant noninjected tumor mass), four had a minor response, four had stable disease, and two had progressive disease. The 6- and 12-month progression-free survival rates were 47 and 14%, respectively. The 6- and 12-month overall survival rates were 58 and 25%, respectively. In conclusion, the results of our clinical protocol of gene therapy for recurrent GBM, based on combined delivery of a suicide and a cytokine gene, demonstrate that intratumor injection of RVPCs was safe, provided effective transduction of the therapeutic genes to target tumor cells, and activated a systemic cytokine cascade, with tumor responses in 50% of cases. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
[The misdiagnosis of congenital cholesteatoma of the temporal bone (5 case report)].; The congenital cholesteatoma of the temporal bone is a rarer disease which might easily be misdiagnosed and wrongly treated. The clinical material and management of five cases are hereby introduced in order to call common attention. There were 4 males and 1 female with age rage 10-48 years old. All cases revealed intact drum membrane. The complaints of these 5 cases are: 2 cases suffered from facial palsy; 2 cases from purulent bloody otorrhea; 1 case from otalgia. Among these five congenital cholesteatomas, four cases were originated from petromastoid region and 1 case from undeveloped. external ear canal. Surgical managements were performed after preoperative radiological examination in these five cases. In each case, the diagnosis was confirmed by pathological examination and the disease was cured by operation. If a patient is suffered from facial palsy or otorrhea or otalgia, but the eardrum is intact, the correct diagnosis and suitable treatment of the congenital cholesteatoma are easily to be delayed and failed. Radiological evaluation, carefully topical examination and paying attention to this disease play important role in the early diagnosis and surgical management, thus the serious complications might be avoided.
Clinical observation on double moxibustion at Yifeng (TE 17) combined with electroacupuncture for treatment of facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To compare clinical therapeutic effects of double moxibustion at Yifeng (TE 17) combined with electroacupuncture. and simple electroacupuncture on facial paralysis.
Blink reflex R2 recovery curves in patients with facial palsy within ten days after onset; The purpose of this study was to investigate the acute changes in blink reflex responses in patients with facial palsy. We used the blink reflex R2 recovery curves as an index of the excitability of the blink reflex neural circuit and evaluated the excitability of the blink reflex within 10 days after onset. Twelve patients with peripheral facial palsy were selected on condition that the degree of facial palsy was so mild that R2 responses of the blink reflex were measurable on the affected side, and they were compared with 12 healthy volunteers. Conditioning and test electrical stimuli were delivered on the affected side of the supraorbital nerve. Ipsilateral R2 response (iR2) of the blink reflex in patients was significantly enhanced at interstimulus intervals (ISIs) between conditioning and test stimuli from 100 to 1,000 ms, in comparison with the control subjects. These findings suggested hyperexcitability of the blink reflex neural circuit in patients with facial palsy. In addition to iR2, contralateral R2 response (cR2) in the patients was also significantly increased at ISIs of 100-1,000 ms to the same extent as the enhancement of iR2. All these findings suggested that the hyper-excitable changes developed in a common pathway of iR2 and cR2, but not in the ipsilateral facial motor neurons. It is suggested that the hyperexcitability of the neural circuit of the blink reflex during an acute period of facial palsy is an adaptive response to compensate for impaired facial motor function. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG.
A case of influenza vaccination induced Guillain Barré syndrome with normal cerebrospinal fluid protein and improvement on treatment with corticosteroids; We report a case of a 62-y-old male developing an influenza vaccination induced Guillain Barré syndrome (GBS) showing all clinical and neuropathological symptoms of GBS except the characteristic elevation of protein levels in the cerebrospinal fluid. The patient improved under treatment with 100 mg prednisolone. In these cases the administration of corticosteroids might be considered as a treatment option as they might represent a subgroup of GBS with a different immunological response pattern. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
A case of earpick injury with delayed facial paralysis; We reported a rare case of ear trauma with delayed facial paralysis, ossicular chain dislocation and perilymph fistula caused by an earpick. A 36-year-old male consulted our clinic with a complaint of left otalgia, hearing loss, tinnitus and dizziness after left ear trauma with an earpick. Otoscopic examination showed perforation of the left ear-drum and pure tone audiometory demonstrated a mixed hearing loss with an average air conduction threshold of 53 dB on the initial examination. He was diagnosed as having a traumatic ear-drum perforation. Left facial paralysis occurred 6 days after the trauma, then recovered after the intravenous steroid treatment. Hearing impairment did not improve after spontaneous closure of the ear-drum perforation, and exploratory tympanoplasty was performed. At surgery, the incus was dislocated and the anterior and posterior crura of stapes were fractured. Perilymphatic leakage from the fractured footplate was noted. The footplate was covered with temporal fascia and ossicular chain reconstruction was performed using the incus on the foot plate as a columella. Post operationally, the hearing threshold improved with an average air conduction threshold of 31. 7 dB.
The use of local anesthetic motor block to demonstrate the potential outcome of depressor labii inferioris resection in patients with facial paralysis; Background: If a patient with unilateral facial paralysis has marked depressor activity on the normal side, the appearance of the lower lip when smiling is asymmetrical. Defunctioning the muscle on the contralateral side to the palsy can restore balance. This can be achieved by resecting a portion of the depressor labii inferioris muscle on the nonparalyzed side. However, the decision to resect normal muscle may be difficult for many patients. This article presents the role of a local anesthetic motor block in temporarily paralyzing the muscle before patients decide whether permanent resection will meet their needs. Method: A phone questionnaire with 15 patients who received motor muscle blockage before deciding to have depressor labii inferioris muscle resection was conducted. Results: Ninety-three percent of the patients who underwent the local anesthetic motor block stated that it gave them valuable information regarding the outcome of their surgery and influenced their decision to undertake definitive depressor muscle resection. Conclusion: A trial by local anesthetic before depressor inferioris muscle resection provides patients with valuable insight into the likely outcome of the surgery.
Giant cell tumor of the temporal bone - A case report; Background: Giant cell tumor is a benign but locally aggressive bone neoplasm which uncommonly involves the skull. The petrous portion of the temporal bone forms a rare location for this tumor. Case presentation: The authors report a case of a large giant cell tumor involving the petrous and squamous portions of the temporal bone in a 26 year old male patient. He presented with right side severe hearing loss and facial paresis. Radical excision of the tumor was achieved but facial palsy could not be avoided. Conclusion: Radical excision of skull base giant cell tumor may be hazardous but if achieved is the optimal treatment and may be curative. © 2005 Pai et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
A case of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor-producing mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the parotid gland; We report a rare case of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF)-producing mucoepidermoid carcinoma of the parotid gland. A 73-year-old woman presented with a gradually increasing ulcerative mass in the left subaural region. She also manifested complete facial nerve palsy of the affected side. CT and MRI revealed an 80 × 66 mm ill-defined parotid tumor extending to the parapharyngeal space. Blood examination showed marked neutrophilia (white blood count 23,060/μl, neutrophil 81.5%). The histological diagnosis of a biopsy specimen was mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Immunohistochemically, the tumor cells expressed G-CSF in their cytoplasm. Although a temporary remission was obtained after neoadjuvant chemotherapy using cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil, the patient died of carcinomatous pleuritis 11 weeks after admission. Reported cases of G-CSF-producing carcinoma of the head and neck were reviewed, and possible pathophysiology of the tumor was bibliographically discussed.
Bioactive compounds in tick and mite venoms (saliva); Ticks and mites are bloodsucking ectoparasites containing anticoagulants as well as many other bioactive compounds. Because of their extremely small size, collection of venom (saliva) is very difficult. Therefore, the scientific study of tick and mite venoms is far less well developed than that of other venoms such as snake, scorpion, and bee. In this review article, anticoagulant components, paralytic toxins, and the effect of venom on the immune system are reviewed. Anticoagulants are discussed in three parts, namely inhibition of thrombin, inhibition of factor X activation, and effect on other blood coagulation factors. Among the venom (saliva) components, lipids, enzymes, and other bioactive components are discussed. Paralysis is discussed without further subdivision. Immunological considerations are reviewed in two ways: their effect on host immune system, and efforts to develop vaccines and toxoids. All together 142 references were quoted. Copyright © 2005 Taylor & Francis Inc.
Effect of an herbal formula containing ganoderma lucidum on reduction of herpes zoster pain: A pilot clinical trial; Administration of hot water extracts of a herbal formula containing Ganoderma lucidum, WTMCGEPP (Wisteria floribunda 0.38, Trapa natans 0.38, Miristica agrans 0.38, Coix lachryma-jobi 0.75, cultivated Ganoderma lucidum 0.75, Elfuinga applanata 0.38, tissue cultured Panax ginseng 0.3. and Punica granatum 0.38: Numerals designate dry weight gram/dose), decreased herpes zoster pain for five Japanese patients suffering from shingles. Pain relief started within a few days of intake and was almost complete within 10 days. Two acute herpes zoster with manifestations including trigeminal nerve ophthalmia (both 74 years old), lower body zoster (70 years old), herpes zoster oticus (17 years old), and leg herpes (28 years old), responded quickly to treatment and no patient developed post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN) after more than one year of follow-up. © 2005 World Scientific Publishing Company Institute for Advance Research in Asian Science and Medicine.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome as a rare cause of recurrent facial nerve palsy; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare cause of recurrent facial nerve palsy. The syndrome is classically characterized by a triad of signs consisting of facial edema, recurrent peripheral facial nerve paralysis, and congenital fissured tongue, although it may also present in a mono- or oligosymptomatic form. The paper presents a 24-year-old woman with right-sided peripheral facial nerve palsy and a history of left-sided episodes of facial nerve palsy. Magnetic resonance angiography of the cerebral vessels suggested compression of the right seventh and eighth cranial nerves by a vascular loop. The authors describe the patient with a complete picture of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and discuss the diagnosing process and treatment.
Multi-center big sample randomized controlled trial of acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of bell's palsy; Aim: To verify the clinical effect of acupuncture and moxibustion in the treatment of bell's palsy by the multi-center demixing randomized controlled trial, and compare with the effects of western medicine. Methods: A total of 480 patients from out-patient clinic and hospitalization of four centers: Affiliated Hospital of Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, First Affiliated Hospital, West China Medical Center, Sichuan University, Jinyang Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Sichuan People's Hospital were involved in this trial were selected from September 2001 to July 2003. They were divided randomly into 3 groups: 1 Basic group (n = 161): They were treated with basic treatment by delta prenovis, Vit B1, VitB12 and bendazol etc. for 2-4 weeks. 2 Acupuncture and moxibustion group (n = 160): The filiform needle was used for acupuncture and moxibustion at Dicang (ST 4), Jiache (ST 6), Hegu (LI 4), Yangbai (GB 14), Xiaguan (ST 7) and Yifeng (SJ 17). The double sides of Hegu were gained, and injured side of the others was gained. The acupuncture was performed by filiform needle for 30minutes retaining needle. The moxibustion was performed at the upper points, suspending moxibustion for 5 minutes, totally 30 minutes, once a day, having a rest for 2 days at weekends, totally treating 4 weeks for 20 times. 3 Base adding acupuncture and moxibustion group: Basic treatment + acupuncture and moxibustion. The course (acute, non-acute) and patient's condition (mild, severe) was specially taken as two factors of delamination when compared to perform demixing randomized trial. The House-Brackmann scale evaluated the facial nerve function. The facial disability index scale was used to assess the related changes of residual physical disability and social psychology; Meanwhile the effect analysis was conducted between the group and subgroup. Results: According to the intention-to-treat analysis, 439 cases were involved in the result analysis. 1 Comparison of the effect in subgroup of each group: The effect of acute mild facial paralysis in the basic group was better than that of the acute severe, non-acute mild and non-acute severe (P < 0.05, 0.01); The effect of acute mild facial paralysis in the base adding acupuncture and moxibustion group was better than that of acute (P < 0.05); The effect of acute mild facial paralysis in the acupuncture and moxibustion group was better than that of non-acute severe (P < 0.01). 2 According to course and patient's condition performing delamination analysis: The effect of mild neural paralysis no matter acute or subacute 3 groups had no difference (P > 0.05), and the effects of severe neural paralysis no matter acute or subacute basic adding acupuncture and moxibustion group and acupuncture and moxibustion group were better than that in the basic group, and that in the acupuncture and moxibustion group was the best (P < 0.05, 0.01). Conclusion: In terms of mild Bell paralysis, no matter acute or non-acute, the three treatment methods can be applied, while for the severe Bell paralysis, no matter acute or non-acute, the effect of acupuncture and moxibustion treatment is better than that of the medical treatment.
Postoperative Ramsay-Hunt syndrome after acoustic neuroma resection. Viral reactivation.; The aim of this paper is to present a patient suffering from acoustic neuroma and operated on with immediate postoperative hearing and facial function preservation who developed delayed Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. To our knowledge, this is the first case in whom a postoperative delayed facial palsy and hearing loss occurred. The patient gave an history of previously diagnosed herpes zoster reactivation limited to chest one-year before. This is undoubtdetly a predisposing factor for development of delayed facial palsy. It must not be underestimated and it obliges to consider a prophylaxis. Theoretically, the prophylactic antiviral therapy might prevent the evolution towards the herpes zoster oticus or reduce the severity of the symptoms allowing the preservation of the hearing function. It would be pointed out that the delayed facial plasy has favourable prognosis, while the hearing impairment may recover with a greater difficulty even after an antiviral treatment as in our case.
Deformation of the mandible due to neonatal moulding: A 10-year follow-up; A 3-day-old infant with paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve and asymmetry of the mandible due to neonatal moulding is presented. Ten years after the initial presentation, the asymmetry and paralysis was still present. Orthodontic treatment has been instituted because of malocclusion. Surgical correction of the mandibular asymmetry after adulthood seems not to be necessary. © 2005 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Collet-Sicard syndrome: A rare presentation of metastatic prostate adenocarcinoma; Metastatic spread of prostate adenocarcinoma to the temporal bone is rare. Involvement the jugular foramen may result in Collet-Sicard syndrome. This extremely uncommon clinical entity is characterized by paralysis of the lower four cranial nerves. A case of metastatic prostate adenocarcinoma involving the temporal bone causing a Collet-Sicard syndrome associated with an ipsilateral lower motor facial palsy and a mixed sensorineural and conductive hearing loss is presented. This case highlights the potential of prostate adenocarcinoma to cause symptoms referable to the temporal bone region and histopathologic analysis of biopsy material should include immunohistochemical staining for prostate specific antigen. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparisons of steroid, acyclovir, lipoprostoglandin E1 and steroid + acyclovir treatments in facial paralysis: A rat study; Objective: To induce experimental peripheral facial paralysis by inoculation of HSV1 and to compare the effects of steroid, acyclovir, lipoprostoglandin E2 and steroid + acyclovir treatments in terms of clinical recovery, electrophysiologically and histopathologically. Materials and methods: A total of 132 adult female rats were used in this study. HSV type 1 strain was inoculated at the back of the left ear by using 27 gauge needle. Of all animals, 70 (53%) rats which developed facial paralysis were divided into five groups (n = 14 for each group) as control, steroid + acyclovir, lipoprostaglandin E1, steroid only and acyclovir only. At the end of the 21 days period, the rats were clinically examined and electrophysiological tests were performed, then decapitated and the nerve specimens were obtained. Results: A modified electroneurography (ENoG) test was performed and the latencies and the amplitudes were compared. The findings of the intact side were better, but with no significant difference. Histopathologicaly edema was significantly smaller in all groups compared to the controls (p < 0.05). Similarly, no difference was seen in terms of vacuolar degeneration and Schwann cell hyperchromatisation among the groups and no significant difference in recovery period and rate of facial paralysis when all groups were compared. Conclusion: Facial paralysis induced by HSV1 recovered spontaneously within a week. In the treatment of facial paralysis, steroid alone, acyclovir alone, steroid + acyclovir, or lipoprostaglandin E1 all reduced edema in the infected facial nerve but there was no statistical difference in of the rate or degree of recovery. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diagnostic and therapeutic advances in growth hormone insensitivity; The successful treatment of GH deficiency with rhGH has tended to dominate clinical and research activities related to growth disorders. In the last 15 years, the development of the molecular investigation of the GH-IGF-I axis and the availability of rhIGF-I has renewed interest in the field of disorders characterized by GH insensitivity. Important advances have been made in both the understanding of the physiology of this axis, which is pivotal for normal human growth, and the potential for the therapeutic use of rhIGF-I. This article highlights the principal developments to diagnosis and treatment of this fascinating group of human disorders. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Thyroid nodules and cancers in children; Thyroid nodules are clinically evident in approximately 1% of children and about 30% of these are malignant. In addition to requiring appropriate surgery, thyroid hormone replacement in and follow-up monitoring of patients who are members of families with tumor syndromes must be studied for other components of these syndromes. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased cytokine levels in a cerebral mycotic aneurysm in a child with Down's syndrome; Cerebral mycotic aneurysms are one of the most serious complications of bacterial endocarditis but the mechanism underlying cerebral aneurysms is unclear. We reported the cytokine levels in a cerebral mycotic aneurysm in a child with Down's syndrome. The patient was a 12-year-old female. She was diagnosed as having Down's syndrome and congenital heart disease consisting of an endocardial cushion defect at birth. She underwent a radical operation at 9 years but mitral valve regurgitation remained. She was hospitalized with high fever, vomiting, loss of activity and gait disturbance. Neurological examination revealed facial palsy and hemiparesis on the left side. Cytokines such as IL-6, TNF-α, sTNFR1 and sE-selectin were elevated in blood, and IL-6, TNF-α and sTNFR1 in cerebrospinal fluid. T2-weighted MRI disclosed a low intensity area in the right Sylvian sulcus. MR angiography showed an aneurysm of the right middle cerebral artery. We think that cytokines and the formation abnormality of collagen fibers are related to the production of aneurysms. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Angioedema; Although first described more than 130 years ago, the pathophysiology, origin, and management of the several types of angioedema are poorly understood by most dermatologists. Although clinically similar, angioedema can be caused by either mast cell degranulation or activation of kinin formation. In the former category, allergic and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug-induced angioedema are frequently accompanied by urticaria. Idiopathic chronic angioedema is also usually accompanied by urticaria, but can occur without hives. In either case, an autoimmune process leading to dermal mast cell degranulation occurs in some patients. In these patients, histamine-releasing IgG anti-FcεR1 autoantibodies are believed to be the cause of the disease, removal or suppression by immunomodulation being followed by remission. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-induced angioedema is unaccompanied by hives, and is caused by the inhibition of enzymatic degradation of tissue bradykinin. Hereditary angioedema, caused by unchecked tissue bradykinin formation, is recognized biochemically by a low plasma C'4 and low quantitative or functional C'1 inhibitor. Progress has now been made in understanding the molecular genetic basis of the two isoforms of this dominantly inherited disease. Recently, a third type of hereditary angioedema has been defined by several groups. Occurring exclusively in women, it is not associated with detectable abnormalities of the complement system. Angioedema caused by a C'1 esterase inhibitor deficiency can also be acquired in several clinical settings, including lymphoma and autoimmune connective tissue disease. It can also occur as a consequence of specific anti-C'1 esterase autoantibodies in some patients. We have reviewed the clinical features, diagnosis, and management of these different subtypes of angioedema. Learning objective: After completing this learning activity, participants should be aware of the classification, causes, and differential diagnosis of angioedema, the molecular basis of hereditary and non-hereditary forms of angioedema, and be able to formulate a pathophysiology-based treatment strategy for each of the subtypes of angioedema. © 2005 by the American Academy of Dermatology, Inc.
Botulinum toxin type A injections: Adverse events reported to the US Food and Drug Administration in therapeutic and cosmetic cases; Background: Botulinum toxin type A (BTA) (Botox) received Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for therapeutic treatment of strabismus and blepharospasm in 1989, cervical dystonia in 2000, and cosmetic treatment of glabellar wrinkles (Botox Cosmetic) in 2002. In 2002 alone there were approximately 1.1 to 1.6 million patients using cosmetic BTA. Our objective was to review adverse event (AE) reporting to the FDA after BTA administration. Methods: We reviewed all (therapeutic and cosmetic use) serious (per FDA regulations) AEs reported to the FDA for the 13.5 years since licensure of the product (December 1989-May 2003) and nonserious AEs reported from December 2001 to November 2002. AEs are reported to the FDA through the MedWatch system. Results: We reviewed 1437 AE reports; 406 followed therapeutic use of BTA (217 serious and 189 nonserious) and 1031 followed cosmetic use (36 serious and 995 nonserious). Reported AEs occurred predominantly in female patients, with a median age of 50 years. In the year December 2001 to November 2002, when both serious and nonserious reports were evaluated, the proportion of reports classified as serious was 33-fold higher for therapeutic than for cosmetic cases. The 217 serious AEs reported in therapeutic cases involved a wide spectrum of events and included all 28 reported deaths. Among cosmetic users, no deaths were reported and, of the 36 serious AEs, 30 were included as possible complications in the FDA-approved label. The remaining 6 serious AEs did not display a pattern suggesting a common causal relationship to BTA. Among the 995 cosmetic cases reported to have nonserious AEs, most commonly noted were lack of effect (623, 63%), injection site reaction (190, 19%), and ptosis (111, 11%). Conclusions: Serious AEs were more likely to be reported for therapeutic than for cosmetic use, which may be related to higher doses, complicated underlying diseases, or both. Among cosmetic cases, few serious AEs were reported, and these were predominantly events that were previously recognized in clinical trials of BTA for the labeled use. This study is limited primarily by the incomplete nature of AE reporting by clinicians. Numerous departures from FDA-approved recommendations for drug dose, dilution, handling, site of injection, and storage were noted in these AE reports. © 2005 by the American Academy of Dermatology, Inc.
Acute renal failure after overdose of colloidal bismuth subcitrate; Bismuth salts are widely used to treat peptic ulcers. Acute toxicity with colloidal bismuth subcitrate overdose causes nephrotoxicity. There have been numerous reports of encephalopathy after long-term consumption of bismuth salts, but only a few cases of nephrotoxicity (adult and pediatric) have been documented to date. This report presents a case of acute renal failure due to colloidal bismuth subcitrate overdose in adolescent. A 16-year-old girl presented with complaints of nausea, vomiting, and facial paresthesia. Ten days earlier she had tried to commit suicide by taking 60 tablets of De-nol (colloidal bismuth subcitrate 18 g). The physical examination findings on admission indicated minimal fluid overload but no signs of encephalopathy. Laboratory tests on admission showed blood urea nitrogen 102 mg/dl, serum creatinine 19.9 mg/dl, and serum bismuth level 495 μg/l. The patient was started on appropriate fluid therapy and penicillamine as a chelating agent and then began hemodialysis on alternate days. The patient's renal function gradually returned to normal over 9 weeks and by 64 days after the overdose her serum bismuth level had fallen to almost half the level detected 2 days after admission. The patient made a complete recovery. The case demonstrates that acute renal failure can develop as a manifestation of acute toxicity from colloidal bismuth ingestion, and that the prognosis may be favorable if the patient receives appropriate supportive treatment and dialysis. © IPNA 2005.
Patterns of use of facial nerve monitoring during parotid gland surgery; OBJECTIVE: To determine current patterns of use of facial nerve monitoring during parotid gland surgery by otolaryngologists in the United States. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: A questionnaire encompassing surgeon training background, practice setting, patterns of facial nerve monitor usage during parotid gland surgery, and history of permanent facial nerve injury or legal action resulting from parotid surgery was mailed to 3139 otolaryngologists in the United States. Associations between facial nerve monitor usage and dependent variables were examined by using the χ2 test. Magnitudes of the associations were determined from odds ratios calculated using logistic regression. RESULTS: A 49.3% questionnaire response rate was achieved. Sixty percent of respondents who perform parotidectomy employed facial nerve monitoring some or all of the time. Respondents were 5.6 times more likely to use the monitor in practice if they used it in training and 79% more likely to use it if they performed more than 10 parotidectomies per year. Respondents were 35% less likely to have a history of inadvertent nerve injury if they performed more than 10 parotidectomies per year. Surgeons who employed monitoring in their practice were 20.8% less likely to have a history of a parotid surgery-associated lawsuit. Additional information regarding surgeon demographics, types of nerve monitors used, and reasons for and against monitor usage are discussed. CONCLUSION: Permanent facial nerve paralysis after parotidectomy occurs in 0-7% of cases. Currently, a majority of otolaryngologists in the United States are employing facial nerve monitoring during parotid surgery some or all of the time, even though no studies to date have demonstrated improved outcomes with its use. Physician training background and surgery caseload were significant factors influencing usage of facial nerve monitoring in this study. © 2005 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Diagnostic relevance of transcranial magnetic and electric stimulation of the facial nerve in the management of facial palsy; Objective: Earlier investigations have suggested that isolated conduction block of the facial nerve to transcranial magnetic stimulation early in the disorder represents a very sensitive and potentially specific finding in Bell's palsy differentiating the disease from other etiologies. Methods: Stimulation of the facial nerve was performed electrically at the stylomastoid foramen and magnetically at the labyrinthine segment of the Fallopian channel within 3 days from symptom onset in 65 patients with Bell's palsy, five patients with Zoster oticus, one patient with neuroborreliosis and one patient with nuclear facial nerve palsy due to multiple sclerosis. Results: Absence or decreased amplitudes of muscle responses to early transcranial magnetic stimulation was not specific for Bell's palsy, but also evident in all cases of Zoster oticus and in the case of neuroborreliosis. Amplitudes of electrically evoked muscle responses were more markedly reduced in Zoster oticus as compared to Bell's palsy, most likely due to a more severe degree of axonal degeneration. The degree of amplitude reduction of the muscle response to electrical stimulation reliably correlated with the severity of facial palsy. Conclusions: Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the early diagnosis of Bell's palsy is less specific than previously thought. While not specific with respect to the etiology of facial palsy, transcranial magnetic stimulation seems capable of localizing the site of lesion within the Fallopian channel. Significance: Combined with transcranial magnetic stimulation, early electrical stimulation of the facial nerve at the stylomastoid foramen may help to establish correct diagnosis and prognosis. © 2005 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Wegener's granulomatosis mimicking a parotid abscess; We present the case of a previously healthy 59-year-old man who was under treatment for scleritis and episcleritis when he developed a parotid-gland swelling and pus-producing sinus. On surgical exploration, the features were those of a parotid abscess, but the lesion not only failed to heal post-operatively but increased in size very significantly. There was also severe necrotizing keratitis of the eyes. Due to clinical suspicion and a positive antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies test, Wegener's granulomatosis was diagnosed and the patient successfully treated with cyclophosphamide and steroids. Previously, a number of cases of Wegener's granulomatosis causing salivary-gland swelling have been reported in the literature; this is the first case in which the disease has masqueraded as a parotid abscess.
Müllerectomy for upper eyelid retraction and lagophthalmos due to facial nerve palsy; Background: Facial nerve palsy often results in symptoms of ocular irritation due to inadequate eyelid closure. Weakened protractor function results in relative upper eyelid retraction and contributes to lagophthalmos. Objective: To evaluate the role of müllerectomy in the comprehensive surgical treatment of ocular exposure due to facial nerve palsy. Methods: Thirty-four patients with chronic facial nerve palsy underwent unilateral transconjunctival removal of Müller muscle and were followed up for an average of 20 months postoperatively. Other procedures were performed to treat lower eyelid retraction, as required. Preoperative and postoperative ocular exposure symptoms, upper eyelid position, lagophthalmos, and keratopathy were compared. Results: Of the 59 preoperative symptoms, 15 (25%) resolved and 39 (66%) improved. Upper eyelid position was lowered by an average of 1.35 mm (P<.001). Lagophthalmos (P=.002) and corneal exposure (P<.001) were significantly improved. Three patients required levator aponeurosis repair, 2 for preexisting dehiscence and 1 for inadvertent aponeurosis transection. Conclusion: Müllerectomy is a rapid, safe, and reproducible surgical method for lowering the upper eyelid and reducing ocular exposure symptoms and signs due to chronic facial nerve palsy. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Salivary duct carcinoma resembling obstructive parotitis; Salivary duct carcinoma is a highly malignant tumor. Pain, facial nerve palsy, perineural and lymphatic invasion are common findings, as well as an extensive cervical lymph node involvement and distant metastasis. However, occasionally, as in the case presented, the clinical features of this tumor may resemble obstructive sialadenitis and thus cause a delay in appropriate treatment. Although salivary duct carcinoma exhibits an unpredictable clinical course and a poor overall prognosis, total parotidectomy with neck dissection and adjunctive radiation therapy appear to be appropriate for local and regional control of this aggressive neoplasm. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2005.
A case of delayed facial palsy following gamma knife radiosurgery for intractable trigeminal neuralgia; A 77-year-old woman with hypertension and senile depression had suffered from medically unresponsive trigeminal (left ophthalmic) neuralgia despite microvascular decompression surgery for twice. The patient underwent stereotactic gamma knife radiosurgery (77 Gy) for the neuralgia, resulting in pain relief. However, approximately 20 months after the radiosurgery, she developed left facial palsy with hydrodipsia, left xerophthalmia, and left facial hypesthesia. Oral prednisolone was administered, and these symptoms disappeared in several months. This is the first report of facial palsy following gamma knife radiosurgery for trigeminal neuralgia.
Surgical treatment of persistent macrocheilia in patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and cheilitis granulomatosa; Background: Various conservative methods for treatment of labial swelling in patients with cheilitis granulomatosa have been attempted, often with only moderate success and sometimes with persistent disfiguring lip swelling. Severe macrocheilia can produce an unaesthetic facial deformity associated with functional disturbances. In patients with persistent macrocheilia, reduction cheiloplasty with excision of excess tissue may be indicated when conservative treatment has proven ineffective in reducing swelling but may have been successful in stabilizing disease. Objective: To evaluate long-term results after reduction cheiloplasty in patients with macrocheilia caused by Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome or cheilitis granulomatosa. Design: Follow-up study in 7 patients with severe persisting macrocheilia, including 3 patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and 4 patients with cheilitis granulomatosa in a stable state of disease, treated by reduction cheiloplasty at our hospital between January 1, 1987, and December 31, 2002. Preoperative and postoperative medical histories were obtained, and criteria for the success of surgical treatment were evaluated by clinical examination. Different techniques of reduction cheiloplasty are described and demonstrated in representative cases of severe macrocheilia. Results: Surgical treatment in all 7 patients showed satisfying aesthetic and functional outcomes that persisted throughout follow-up (median follow-up, 6.5 years). Conclusions: Reduction cheiloplasty is an effective method to correct persistent macrocheilia and improve lip aesthetics in patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome or granulomatous cheilitis in the persistent state of disease. With careful planning, proper sequencing of treatment, and proficiency in the various surgical techniques, optimal results can be achieved. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) in the immediate puerperium in a patient with mild preeclampsia: A case report; Introduction: Idiopathic peripheral facial palsy is the most common and frequent unilateral cranial neurological disorder characterized by an isolated facial nerve paralysis. Case report: We report a case of an idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) in the immediate puerperium in a patient with mild preeclampsia and diagnosed fetal IUGR. Additionally, the presence of Bell's palsy in the puerperium of the mother of our patient suggests a familiar tendency. Discussion: Every gynaecologist and obstetrician should be aware of this quite uncommon complication during pregnancy and the puerperium. This case report illustrates that Bell's palsy can occur in the immediate post-partum after mild preeclamptic symptoms. For these women, a maternal surveillance can be recommended. A fast and accurate diagnosis with a subsequent immediate treatment might be very important in avoiding worsening of the symptoms and therefore improve the recovery prognosis. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Skin manifestations of herpesvirus infections; Currently there are eight human herpesviruses identified that cause disease in both adults and children. Although the manifestations of disease differ with each herpesvirus, cutaneous presentations are common among almost all of them. These skin manifestations may be visually similar among several of these viruses, occasionally making it challenging to diagnose the patient's illness. Laboratory diagnostic testing is commercially available for most of these viruses. Because many herpesvirus infections are self-limiting in immunocompetent hosts, patients require only supportive care. Effective antiviral therapy is available for the more severe cases of infection caused by herpes simplex virus (HSV), varicella zoster virus (VZV), or cytomegalovirus (CMV). Healthcare practitioners should become familiar with the different cutaneous manifestations these viruses may exhibit. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Rhabdomyosarcoma of the salivary glands. About 3 cases; Rhabdomyosarcoma of the salivary glands is rare. Tumours develop mostly in children and young patients but can be diagnosed in older people. We report three new cases in women 7, 14 and 75 years old. Tumefaction of the parotid region and facial paralysis were the principle clinical symptoms. Two patients underwent a total parotidectomy and radiotherapy. The third patient had a locally advanced tumour and received chemotherapy followed by radiotherapy. Loco-regional recurrence was observed in all cases and median survival was 12 months. Rhabdomyosarcoma of the salivary glands is locally aggressive. Treatments include surgery and radiotherapy. The role of chemotherapy remains to be discussed. © 2005 Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Case report: Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, peripheral facial paralysis treated with electrostimulation; Peripheral facial paralysis, hearing loss and the vesicular lesions spreading over mainly ear, face and also shoulder are the major symptoms of Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. Usually it causes peripheral facial paralysis similar to that of Bell's palsy however goes with more severe symptoms, and possibility of complete nerve degeneration is much more. We applied electrostimulation with galvanic current to a 58-year-old male patient whose electroneuromyographic examinations had revealed complete axonal degeneration in right facial nerve, and no improvement in peripheral facial paralysis had been provided with medical treatment. We are presenting the patient that we followed for 1 year and observed his progress.
Acute demyelinating encephalomyelitis (ADEM), cryptococcal reactivation and disseminated Herpes simplex in an HIV infected child following HAART; Highly active antiretroviral treatment (HAART) is increasingly becoming available for HIV infected children in South Africa. We describe a 7-year-old HIV infected child (CD4=10, viral load =180,669 copies/ml) who develops a cryptococcal meningitis, with raised intracranial pressure, complicated by ADEM and disseminated Herpes simplex infection following commencement of HAART. © 2005 European Paediatric Neurology Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The usefulness of manipulative physiotherapy in treating bell's palsy; We investigated the usefulness of manipulative physiotherapy as a means of rehabilitation for patients with Bell's palsy. Of 24 patients diagnosed as having Bell's palsy, 12 were treated with low frequency therapy alone and 12 were treated with a combination of low frequency therapy and manipulative physiotherapy. The length of time required until healing did not differ significantly between the two groups. However, in the low frequency therapy + manipulative physiotherapy group, 7 patients recovered within 3 weeks of the start of treatment, but none of the patients treated with low frequency therapy alone recovered within 3 weeks. Manipulative physiotherapy was found to be useful in shortening the time required for recovery from Bell's palsy.
Acute neurological complications following gamma knife surgery for vestibular schwannoma; The authors describe an acute facial and acoustic neuropathy following gamma knife surgery (GKS) for vestibular schwannoma (VS). This 39-year-old woman presenting with tinnitus underwent GKS for a small right-sided intracanalicular VS, receiving a maximal dose of 26 Gy and a tumor margin dose of 13 Gy to the 50% isodose line. Thirty-six hours following treatment she presented with nausea, vomiting, vertigo, diminished hearing, and a House-Brackmann Grade III facial palsy. She was started on intravenous glucocorticosteroid agents, and over the course of 2 weeks her facial function returned to House-Brackmann Grade I. Unfortunately, her hearing loss persisted. A magnetic resonance (MR) image obtained at the time of initial deterioration demonstrated a significant decrease in tumor enhancement but no change in tumor size or peritumoral edema. Subsequently, the patient experienced severe hemifacial spasms, which persisted for a period of 3 weeks and then progressed to a House-Brackmann Grade V facial palsy. During the next 3 months, the patient was treated with steroids and in time her facial function and hearing returned to baseline levels. Results of MR imaging revealed transient enlargement (3 mm) of the tumor, which subsequently returned to its baseline size. This change corresponded to the tumor volume increase from 270 to 336 mm3. The patient remains radiologically and neurologically stable at 10 months posttreatment. This is the first detailed report of acute facial and vestibulocochlear neurotoxicity following GKS for VS that improved with time. In addition, MR imaging findings were indicative of early neurotoxic changes. A review of possible risk factors and explanations of causative mechanisms is provided.
Professor ZHANG An-li's experiences on treatment of intractable facial paralysis; Prof. Zhang An-li's clinical experiences on treatment of intractable facial paralysis are introduced. According to own many year's clinical experiences and in combination with modified heat-producing needling and fire needle therapy, Prof. Zhang summarized and created superficially needling the upper eye lid, needling Back-shu points and balance acupoint selection, and other methods to treat intractable facial paralysis, attaining clinically obvious therapeutic effect.
Clinical observation on isolated electroacupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To study on therapeutic effect of isolated electroacupuncture on peripheral facial paralysis.
Migraine during pregnancy: Options for therapy; Migraine is common during pregnancy, but fortunately this combination of conditions obviously exists for only a finite period. The greatest frequency of migraine attacks occurs during the first trimester. Accurate diagnosis is a sine qua non in this setting as in any headache patient. It is in the first trimester that the fetus is at greatest risk from abortifacient and teratogenic drugs, and when very early pregnancy may be undiagnosed. Ergot alkaloids (including methysergide) should be avoided during pregnancy because of their teratogenicity, and most other drug classes should be used only when unavoidable. The use of prophylactic agents during pregnancy should be the exception, not the rule, and preferably only during the second and third trimesters; propranolol is probably safest in this situation. De novo headache during pregnancy usually requires expert review of the patient. Treatment tactics for uncomplicated migraine in pregnancy depend on the concurrent clinical situation. Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is the mainstay for the patient whose typical attacks continue into the first trimester. If paracetamol is insufficient, then partial agonist opioids may be used if typical migraine attacks persist in the second and third trimesters (which is uncommon). 'Chronic migraine' in pregnancy, i.e. ≥15 headache days per month, is rare, and is the greatest therapeutic challenge. Co-morbidities such as depression or epilepsy require specialised approaches. The complexities associated with these tactics are discussed in this article, and it is emphasised that none has the specific approval of regulatory authorities. Heightened pharmacovigilance will better inform the future pregnant migraineur. However, this type of information is less likely to be available for novel classes of neuropharmacological agents than for existing ones. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Sudden hemiplegia in a young patient; Stroke is more common in older patients; when it occurs in younger persons the causes may be slightly different. If adequately investigated, a cause can be ascertained in significant proportion of younger patients with stroke. Dissection of the internal carotid artery is an important cause of stroke in this age group and probably accounts for about 20% of cases. An association with elevated plasma homocysteine has been previously reported. We report a case of spontaneous internal carotid artery dissection associated with raised plasma homocysteine in a twenty-two year old, previously healthy man.
Effectiveness of three different treatments for peripheral facial paralysis; Aim: To discuss the effect of stellate ganglion block (SGB), acupuncture SGB combined with acupuncture for peripheral facial paralysis through comparison of facial skin temperature. Methods: Forty-two patients diagnosed as having peripheral facial paralysis were recruited from the Pain Outpatients of Beijing Hospital from March 1999 to May 2005 and the Outpatient of Otorhinolaryngology-Neck, Xuanwu Hospital from March 2002 to May 2005. Patients were randomized into three groups with 14 in each group: SGB treatment in SGB group, acupuncture treatment in acupuncture group, and combination of SGB and acupuncture in combination group, once a day and ten days as a course. The Facial Movement Score (40 in all) was adopted to evaluate the effect on facial paralysis. Criteria of paralysis: 0-10 as severe paralysis, 11-20 as moderate paralysis, and > 21 as mild paralysis. Criteria of therapeutic effect: > 36 as cure, 32-36 as efficiency, and < 32 as improvement. Hitachi UY200M thermograph was used to assay the skin temperature of the patients' face. The data was recorded 10 minutes before treatment and 10, 20, 30, 40 and 50 minutes after treatment. Results: All the 42 patients were involved in the result analysis. 1 Comparison of the Facial Movement Score:The scores after treatment were higher than that before treatment in all the three groups (P < 0.01). After treatments, the scores in the combination group were higher than those in the SGB group and the acupuncture group(36.57±0.57,34.14±1.16, 34.00±1.03) (P < 0.01). The total effective rate was 99.4% in the combination group, 71.0% in the SGB group and 78.1% in the acupuncture group. 2 Effect on the facial skin temperature: The skin temperature of patients in the SGB group began to rise at 20 minutes after treatment[(35.5±0.3)°C], and then went up the highest level [(35.4±0.2)°C]. In the acupuncture group, the temperature began to rise at 30 minutes after treatment [(34.9±0.4)°C] and lasted until the 50th minute. In the combination group, the temperature began to rise at 10 minutes after treatment[(35.2±0.3)°C] and lasted until the 50th minute. The facial skin temperature in the combination group was higher than that in the SGB and acupuncture groups during 20-30 minutes after treatment (P < 0.01). Conclusion: All the three kinds of treatments have a therapeutic effect on peripheral facial paralysis. In comparison with single SGB and acupuncture, the combination therapy of SGB and acupuncture has a better curative effect and begins to operate more rapidly, can improve local circulatory disorder and has no adverse effects.
Hyperglycaemia and the very preterm baby; Neonatal hyperglycaemia, as usually defined (a whole blood glucose of >7 mmol/L), is common in the first week of life in babies born more than 12 weeks early. However, a review of a cohort of all such births in the north of England suggests that significant glycosuria is uncommon, and that there is no threat of an osmotic diuresis until the urine contains 2% glucose (by which time the blood glucose level almost always exceeds 15 mmol/L). The current statistical or epidemiological definition of hyperglycaemia (derived from data on term babies) needs to be replaced, for clinical purposes, by a more operationally relevant definition. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Surgical treatment of vestibular disorders; Surgical treatment of vertigo is directed at disorders affecting the peripheral vestibular system from the root entry zone, medially, to the oticcapsule, laterally. BPPV is the most common cause of vertigo in patients of all ages. A particle repositioning maneuver or physical therapy usually is effective in its management. On rare occasions, surgical intervention is necessary. Endolymphatic hydrops, or Meniere's disease, often responds to medical treatment. Surgical intervention is warranted when severe and frequent vertigo attacks persist despite attempts at medical management for 4 to 6 months. The other pathologies described (superior canal dehiscence syndrome, cholesteatoma, and perilymphatic fistula) require surgical intervention based on the defined nature of the pathology. Consultation with otolaryngologists is helpful in the evaluation and management of patients who have vestibular disorders, particularly when medical management fails. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Idiopathic Cd4+T-lymphocytopenia - Two unusual patients with cryptococcal meningitis; Idiopathic CD4+T-lymphocytopenia (ICL) is a syndrome characterised by the depletion in the CD4+T-cells but without evidence of HIV infection. Aside from low CD4+lymphocyte counts, the immunologic findings in these patients are distinct from the abnormalities found in HIV infection. There are numerous reports of ICL associated with different diseases and clinical conditions. Opportunistic infections, mostly seen in HIV patients are the most common among them. We describe two patients without risk factors for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, each of whom presented with cryptococcal meningitis and was found to have idiopathic CD4+T-lymphocytopenia. One of them also acquired EBV and CMV coinfection of the central nervous system. © 2004 The British Infection Society. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Facial nerve rerouting in skull base surgery; Facial nerve rerouting techniques were developed to facilitate resection of extensive tumors occupying the skull base. Facial nerve rerouting has its own limitations and risks, requiring microsurgical expertise, additional surgical time, and often some degree of facial nerve paresis. This article presents different degrees of anterior and posterior facial nerve rerouting, techniques of facial nerve rerouting, and a comprehensive review of outcomes. It then reviews anatomic and functional preservation of the facial nerve in acoustic neuroma resection, technical aspects of facial nerve dissection, intracranial facial nerve repair options, and outcomes for successful acoustic neuroma surgery. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Revisional operations improve results of neurovascular free muscle transfer for treatment of facial paralysis; Background: Neurovascular free muscle transfer is currently the mainstay for smile reconstruction. However, problems such as excessive muscle bulk and dislocation of the transferred muscle attachment have been described. Furthermore, dynamic movements of the transferred muscle are sometimes too strong or too weak, resulting in facial asymmetry. In these cases, secondary revisional operations for the transferred muscle are required after neurovascular free muscle transfer. This report describes revisional operative procedures in detail and examines the extent of improvement of the smile by comparing preoperative and postoperative results. Methods: Of 468 patients in whom neurovascular free muscle transfer was performed between 1977 and 2000, a total of 183 received revisional operations for the transferred muscle. Operations included revision of muscle attachment in 129 patients, debulking of the cheek in 114 patients, and fascia graft in 21 patients. Results: Evaluation with the grading scale was performed in 117 of the 183 patients. Grading improved in 59 patients and worsened in seven patients. The remaining 51 patients displayed no change in grading. Differences between preoperative and post-operative rading were compared statistically, and revisional operations improved the grading score. Conclusions: Revisional operations are effective and important as secondary operations after neurovascular free muscle transfer. However, care must be taken not to damage the neurovascular pedicles.
Rh/IGF-I/rhIGFBP-3 administration to patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus reduces insulin requirements while also lowering fasting glucose; Administration of insulin-like growth factor-I to patients with diabetes enhances insulin action and reduces the degree of hyperglycemia but it is associated with a high rate of adverse events. Infusion of the combination of rhIGFBP-3 (the principal binding protein for IGF-I in plasma) with rhIGF-I to patients with type I diabetes improved insulin sensitivity and was associated with a low incidence in side effects. In this study, 52 patients with insulin-treated type 2 diabetes received recombinant human IGF-I plus rhIGFBP-3 in one of four dosage regimens for 14 days. The four groups were: (1) continuous subcutaneous infusion of 2 mg/kg/day; (2) the same 2 mg/kg dose infused subcutaneously over 6 h between 2000 and 0200 h; (3) 1 mg/kg twice a day by bolus subcutaneous injection; (4) a single bedtime subcutaneous injection of 1 mg/kg. Across these four groups rhIGF-I/rhIGFBP-3 decreased insulin requirements between 54% and 82%. Fasting glucose decreased by 32-37%. Mean daily blood glucose (4 determinations per day) declined in all 4 groups (range 9-23% decrease). Frequent sampling for total IGF-I, free IGF-I and IGFBP-3 was performed on days 0, 1, 7, 14 and 15. The peak total IGF-I values were increased to 4.0-4.8-fold at 16-24 h. For free IGF-I the increase varied between 7.1 and 8.2-fold and peak values were attained at 16-20 h after administration. Both the time to maximum concentration (Tmax) and the maximum free IGF-I levels (Cmax) on day 1 for all groups were substantially less than previously published studies, wherein lower doses of rhIGF-I were given without IGFBP-3. The improvement in glucose values and the degree of reduction in insulin requirement were the greatest in groups 2 and 3 and the patients in those groups had the highest free IGF-I levels. The frequency of side effects such as edema, jaw pain and arthralgias was 4% which is less than that has been reported in previous studies wherein IGF-I was administered without IGFBP-3. We conclude that rhIGF-I/rhIGFBP-3 significantly lowers insulin requirements yet improves glucose values and these changes may reflect improvement in insulin sensitivity. Coadministration of IGFBP-3 with IGF-I produces lower free IGF-I (Tmax and Cmax) levels compared to administration of IGF-I alone and is associated with relatively low incidence of side effects during 2 weeks of administration. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Stereotactic radiosurgery for vestibular schwannomas: Analysis of 317 patients followed more than 5 years; OBJECTIVE: Many investigators have reported successful treatment of vestibular schwannomas with gamma knife radiosurgery (GKRS). However, long-term outcomes should be evaluated before concluding that GKRS is truly safe and effective for the treatment of vestibular schwannomas. METHODS: Between May 1991 and December 1998, 346 consecutive patients (excluding those presenting with neurofibromatosis Type 2) were treated with GKRS. Of these, 317 patients were assessed. Twenty-nine patients were lost to follow-up within 5 years. RESULTS: The median follow-up period was 7.8 years. Of 301 patients who underwent serial follow-up imaging, two (1%) experienced complete remission, 184 (61%) experienced partial remission, 93 (31%) had stable tumors, and 22 (7%) experienced treatment failure. The actuarial 5- or 10-year progression-free survival (PFS) rate was 93 and 92%, respectively. Tumors less than 15 cm 3 in volume (10-yr PFS, 96%; P < 0.001) or which did not compress the brainstem and deviate the fourth ventricle (10-yr PFS, 97%; P = 0.008) resulted in significantly better PFS rates. Failure of treatment usually occurred within 3 years. When the tumor was treated with a marginal dose of 13 Gy or less, the hearing preservation rate was 68%, transient facial palsy developed at a rate of 1%, and facial numbness developed at a rate of 2%. CONCLUSION: GKRS proved to be a safe and effective treatment for patients followed longer than 5 years who presented with tumors with a volume of less than 15 cm3 and who did not have significant fourth ventricle deviation. Good functional outcomes were observed in this group of patients.
Pitfalls of midface surgery; The pitfalls of the endoscopic forehead midface surgery include: frontal branch paresis/paralysis, hypesthesia/dysethesia, glabelar irregularities, abnormal brow position, unmasking of ptosis, infection, hematoma, prolonged edema, chemosis, canthal distortion, dry eye syndrome, alopecia, engorgement of periorbital veins, and masticatory tenderness. In our experience, none of these complications led to serious or permanent sequalae, and most of them can be entirely avoided by strict adherence to good technique. Frontal branch paresis occurs in 1% of cases; permanent paralysis has never occurred. Both can be avoided by careful dissection, a thorough understanding of the nerve's course, and the judicious use of cautery. Hypaesthesia and dysasthesias of the forehead are universally experienced, can be minimized with preservation of the supraorbital and supratrochlear neurovascular bundles, and are followed by complete recovery in most cases by 6 months and all cases by 1 year. Glabelar irregularities do occur and can be avoided by more homogenous resection of the corrugator muscle. Careful attention to pre-existing brow asymmetries and placement of brow incisions/screw placement are critical to preventing unacceptable brow asymmetries postoperatively. Identification of the patient with a hyperactive frontalis is critical to avoiding futile attempts to make the brows symmetric. Upper lid ptosis can be unmasked by this operation and the patient must be made aware of preoperatively. Frank infection occurs in much less than 1% of cases and is more likely to manifest as a suture abscess. Hematoma is very rare, can be difficult to recognize, but does not compromise flap viability due to the deeper plane of dissection. Prolonged edema of the lateral temporal/periorbital area occurs in 5% of patients and resolution may be aided by diuretics and lymphatic drainage. Chemosis happens in 30% of patients but universally resolves and can be managed by hypertonic saline and steroid drops. Canthal distortion requiring revision occurred in 3 of 900 cases. Revision can be accomplished by temporal release. A more aggressive midfacial dissection with zero-tension superolateral midfacial suspension, preservation of a lateral cuff of pericanthal tissue, and massage has helped dramatically to limit the number of revisions and increased patient satisfaction. Temporary dry eye syndrome may be related to increased lateral scleral show and tension across the lower lid but universally resolves with canthal massage. Permanent alopecia can be avoided by proper incision placement in the direction of hair follicles and avoiding excessive tension in forehead suspension. Telogen effluvium may occur. Engorgment of periorbital veins can be avoided by preservation of the sentinel and bridging veins. Masticatory tenderness can be minimized by careful dissectio of the masseter aponeurosis. It usually resolves within 48 hours, but if it persists it can be managed with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and mouthopening exercises. Although the endoscopic forehead midface lift is not without its complications or pitfalls, all of these can be minimized, easily managed, or avoided completely through the intraoperative techniques and postoperative care described in this article. Careful and deliberate preoperative counseling of patients regarding the possible "bumps" in the road to recovery is critical. By using the techniques available to limit and manage complications and setting appropriate patient expectations should these complications occur, the endoscopic forehead midface lift can become an extremely powerful safe technique in the facial cosmetic surgeon's armamentarium with a high degree of patient satisfaction. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Complications of paediatric cochlear implantation: Experience in Izmir; Surgery for cochlear implantation (CI) bears the risks of complication associated with all major surgery, in addition to the particular risks associated with implanting a foreign body into the peripheral auditory system. Here we present a retrospective study involving 227 cochlear implant operations in 205 children to evaluate the rate of intra- and post-operative complications. Complications were defined as major complications, requiring explantation of the device or further operation, causing a significant medical problem, or leading to any degree of facial paralysis or requiring additional hospitalization for treatment; or defined as minor complications, namely those that settled spontaneously, with conservative treatment, with local care and/or with medication alone. In our study there were 15 (6.6 per cent) minor and 28 (12.33 per cent) major complications. The most frequent minor complication was dizziness and vomiting (3.08 per cent), followed by transient hemifacial oedema (1.76 per cent), head pain (1.32 per cent) and mild ataxia (0.4 per cent). The most frequent major complication was trauma to the device (9.69 per cent), followed by cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) gusher (2.2 per cent) and facial paresis (0.4 per cent). All of the device trauma cases were re-implanted. There were neither any life-threatening complications nor any facial nerve paralysis in our implanted children. This study confirms that CI is relatively safe and that major complications are few and within acceptable limits.
Surgical management of parapharyngeal space masses; Background. We sought to examine surgical techniques used to remove parapharyngeal space (PPS) masses. Methods. This retrospective search was conducted from 1980 to 2003. Age, sex, diagnosis, surgical approach, complications, and outcome were collected. Results. One hundred sixty-six PPS masses were identified: 21 (12.7%) were malignant, 145 (87.3%) were benign, 76 (45,8%) were vascular, and 69 (41,6%) involved the skull base. Transcervical techniques were used in all cases. Removing the styloid and its musculature and level II lymphadenectomies enhanced exposure for vascular and skull base tumors. Thirty transcervical-transmastoid dissections (20.4%) facilitated removal of vascular skull base tumors. To identify the facial nerve, 20 transparotid-transcervical approaches (13.6%) were performed. Three mandibulotomies (2.0%) were required for internal carotid artery involvement. Expected neurologic sequelae resulted from cranial nerve involvement by tumor. Three patients (2.0%), all presenting with recurrent cancer, had local recurrences. Conclusion. Careful patient assessment and surgical techniques allow the oncologically safe removal of benign, vascular, and skull base PPS tumors. © 2005 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Inflammatory pseudotumor of the parotid gland; Inflammatory pseudotumor is a term that refers to a reactive pseudoneoplastic disorder that can appear in different locations of the human body. The lung is the most frequently affected organ. The etiology is still unknown. It affects individuals of both sexes and of a wide range of ages. The diagnosis is still difficult and it is based on the histological examination of the lesions composed of four cell-types: histiocytes, myofibroblasts, plasma cells and lymphocytes. With regard to the treatment regimes there is no agreement. Treatment ranges from surgical excision to radiotherapy, chemotherapy or steroids. The purpose of this article is to report one case of inflammatory pseudotumor located in the parotid gland and to make a special point of the difficulty in arriving at a correct diagnosis in order to achieve the most adequate treatment.
New antigens for serologic diagnosis of neuroborreliosis in children; Objective: To evaluate serology with novel Borrelia-specific protein or peptide antigens in the laboratory diagnosis of neuroborreliosis (NB) in children. Methods: The performance of enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays with several recombinant borrelial protein antigens and invariable region 6 synthetic peptide antigen and of a commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay with the flagella antigen were evaluated in the serodiagnosis and follow-up of children with clinical suspicion of NB. Serum samples were obtained from 20 children with neurologic symptoms indicative of NB. The patients were retrospectively divided into 2 groups based on the laboratory tests at presentation indicating definite (n = 7) or probable (n = 13) NB. Results: In addition to cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) lymphocytic pleocytosis and CSF antiflagella antibodies, all 7 patients with definite NB had serum IgG antibodies to at least 2 of the 3 novel antigens at presentation. The 13 patients with probable NB had variable laboratory findings: CSF pleocytosis (n = 7), CSF antiflagella IgM antibodies (n = 4), serum antiflagella IgM and/or IgG antibodies (n = 10). Of these 13 patients, 7 had serum IgG antibodies to 2 of the 3 novel antigens at presentation. During long term follow-up, serum anti-invariable region 6 antibodies disappeared. Conclusions: The present study suggests that assessment of serum antibodies to a panel of Borrelia-specific antigens could improve the laboratory diagnosis of NB at presentation. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effects of magnetic resonance imaging fields on upper eyelid implants; Background. For the therapy of lagophthalmos in facial palsy, gold (99.99%), platinum (99.95%) and platinum/iridium(97%/3%) alloy weights are implanted into the upper eyelid. Investigations on the MRI compatibility of the different eyelid implants with 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla-MRT-systems, which are often used for the diagnosis of head and neck tumours, are still missing. Methods. Three different eyelid implants made of pure gold, pure platinum and a platinum/iridium alloy were tested in vitro. As parameters, temperature changes, movements of the implants and picture artefacts of the different implants were determined using a 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla MR system. The deflection forces of the implants were evaluated by thread test, lying in a Petri dish and floating in a water bath. Results. No rise in temperature was recorded in any implant. On the water surface, all three implants changed their positions and floated towards the magnetic field. The velocity of the implants increased in the 3.0 Tesla system. Increasing the frictional resistance by lying the implants in a Petri dish, there was no movement in the 1.5 or 3.0 Tesla systems. In addition, no movement of the implants could be observed in the thread test. All implants made few artefacts, with gold showing the least artefacts. Conclusion. MR imaging at 1.5 or 3.0 Tesla may be performed safely for warming up or dislocation of the implant in patients with eyelid implants made of pure gold, pure platinum or a platinum/iridium alloy. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2005.
Recurrent artery-to-artery embolism during intravenous t-PA therapy for acute ischemic stroke; Introduction: Treatment of acute ischemic stroke with systemic thrombolysis in the presence of a proximal thrombo-embolic source carries a theoretical risk of thrombus fragmentation and recurrent embolization. Intracardiac thrombus has received the most attention as a potential source of recurrent emboli, and in the past, it was considered a relative contra-indication to tissue plaminogen activator (t-PA) treatment. More recent data show that recurrent embolization from a cardiac source during t-PA infusion is rare. Case Report: This article describes recurrent symptomatic basilar artery embolization during t-PA infusion from acute thrombus in the proximal cervical vertebral artery. Discussion: This case provides evidence that intravenous t-PA must be used cautiously in the presence of large proximal thrombo-embolic sources and that intraluminal thrombus in a large cervical artery should be considered one such source. Copyright © 2005 Humana Press Inc. All rights of any nature whatsoever are reserved.
Study designs in healthcare research; In summary, this article illustrates the most commonly used study designs in the medical research. Each design has its own advantages and disadvantages. Randomized controlled trials provide the strongest evidence. Well-conducted observational studies can provide useful data regarding disease causation. Selecting the proper design to answer the research hypothesis is the key factor in conducting a successful study.
[Surgical treatment of peripheral facial nerve paralysis: analysis of 51 cases].; To investigate the surgical treatment of peripheral facial nerve paralysis as well as the factors which affect the operation effect. Fifty-one cases of peripheral facial nerve paracusis were analyzed retrospectively. Forty-two cases were followed up. Among them, twenty-two cases who received facial nerve decompression reached House I-II degree (22/36), 2 cases facial nerve anastomosis reached House I-II degree (2/4), and the function recovery of 2 cases who received facial nerve grafting > III degree both. Intensive and timely surgery is an efficient way in treating of peripheral facial nerve paralysis.
Clinical observation on acupuncture by stages combined with exercise therapy for treatment of Bell palsy at acute stage; OBJECTIVE: To find out a method for increasing clinical therapeutic effect on Bell palsy at acute stage.
Usefulness of BFB/EMG in facial palsy rehabilitation; Objective. To analyze and to compare the recovery and the development of synkinesis in patients with idiopathic facial palsy (Bell's palsy) following treatment with two methods of rehabilitation, kinesitherapy (KT) and biofeedback/EMG (BFB/EMG). Study design. Retrospective cases - series review. Methods. Seventy-four patients with Bell' palsy were clinically evaluated within 1 month from onset of palsy and at 12 months after palsy (House scale and synkinesis evaluation). Electromyography (EMG) and Electroneurography (ENG) were performed about 4 weeks after palsy to better evaluate functional abnormalities due to facial nerve lesion. The patients followed two different protocols for rehabilitation: the first 32 patients were treated with therapeutic exercises performed by therapists (KT group), the latter 42 patients were treated using BFB/EMG methods (BFB group) with inhibition of synkinetic movement as the primary goal. Results. KT and BFB patients were evaluated for clinical and neurophysiological characteristics before rehabilitative treatment. BFB patients showed better clinical recovery and minor synkinesis than KT patients. Conclusions. BFB/EMG seems to be more useful than KT in Bell's palsy treatment. This could be due to the fact that BFB/EMG gives more accurate information than KT on muscle activation with better modulation in voluntary recruitment of motor unit. © 2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd.
Surgical complications in the group of 206 children users of cochlear implants; There were 206 children (range 1.5-17 years, average 4.7) implanted in Cochlear Implant Center - ENT department, Charles University, 2nd Medical School, Prague, from the year 1993. We did not observe any major surgical complicatinos (paresis of the facial nerve, haemorrhage, severe flap infection) - neither "postoperative" (up to 24 hours), nor "early" (up to one week). From minor surgical complications (eardrum perforation, haematoma, flap swelling, mild flap infection, temporary facial weakness) up to 24 hours we were solving once one hour lasting cheek weakness caused by persisting local anaesthesia and once small wound dehiscence which was healed during one week with conservative treatment. There were - up to one week - no more problems in this set. We think this results ensued from a close cooperation with Prof. Dr. Dr. Ernst Lehnhardt and taking his experience from more than 600 implantations.
Motor and sensory polyneuritis with distal conduction failure as uncommon complication of an acute Rickettsia conorii infection; Rickettsia conorii is endemic in the Mediterranean region. Infections are mostly benign and neurological involvement is unusual. We describe a case of a man who presented with acute facial nerve palsy followed by flaccid tetraparesis due to an electrophysiologically established polyneuritis with distal conduction failure. Elevated IgM antibody titres for R. conorii were documented by indirect immunofluorescent antibody test. After doxycycline therapy, the patient presented a rapid clinical improvement. Repeated electrophysiological examinations revealed significantly restored compound muscles, and sensory action potentials, corresponding to the clinical course after treatment and ex juvantibus, indicate the causative relation between R. conorii infection and the described clinical syndrome. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Repair of facial nerve defect at short distance with autologous non-neural tissues materials graft; Aim: To explore a substitute of autologous nerve graft in repairing facial nerve short distance defect with autologous non-neural tissues material, inversion vein-skeletal muscles graft, and observe its therapeutic efficacy. Methods: The experiment was done in the Animal Laboratory of Peking Union Medical Hospital, Electric Physical Laboratory of Department of Otorhinolaryngology and Pathological Laboratory of Department of Psychiatry. Ten male New Zealand rabbits were selected and randomly divided into inversion vein-skeletal muscles cograft group and self nerve grafting group with 5 rabbits in each group. The skeletal muscles cograft body filled in self internal and external surface inversion vein and self nerve grafting recovered the right side on nerve upper buccal branches 10 mm defection. The effect of the two kinds of recovery methods was compared. Amplitude and incubation of maximum compound muscles action potential on experimental side/normal side observed the functional restoration of regeneration nerve. The constitution form recovery of regeneration nerve was analyzed by constitution form observation and axis-cylinder with marrow. The appearance of facial paralysis and its recovery's condition was judged from external appearance according to the symmetry of labrum, cirrus, form and activity of nasal apex on the two sides. Results: According to actual treat analysis, totally 10 rabbits were involved in the result analysis with 5 in each group. 1 The functional restoration and constitution form restoration of regeneration nerve in the two groups: The amplitude of vibration ratio of maximum compound muscles action potential on experimental side/normal side in inversion vein-skeletal muscles cograft group was 103%, 93%, 80%, 59% and 50% respectively; The ratio of incubation of normal side/ experimental side was 67%, 75%, 115%, 62% and 50% respectively; The recovery ratio of fiber with marrow was 63%, 68%, 96%, 39% and 30% respectively. The amplitude of vibration ratio of maximum compound muscles action potential on experimental side/normal side in self nerve grafting group was 99%, 95%, 78%, 64% and 53% respectively; The ratio of incubation of experimental side/ normal side was 78%, 100%, 80%, 75% and 67%, respectively; The recovery ratio of fiber with marrow was 71%, 62%, 47%, 53% and 51%, respectively. Through the independent sample t-test, The recovery degree of regeneration nerve function (the ratio of amplitude of vibration, the ratio of incubation period) and the recovery ratio of fiber with marrow in the two groups were similar (t =0.05, P=0.961; t =0.509,P =0.624;t= -0.22, P=0.832), which indicated the equal functional and ntal morphological recovery of the regenerating nerves. The recovery degree of regeneration nerve function and the quantity of regeneration axis-cylinder with marrow were not complete coincidence, and the effect of nerve regeneration should not be evaluated purely by the quantity of axis-cylinder with marrow. If there were a large number of axis-cylinder with marrow, the form was similar with the normal nerve, besides, when many big intensive order relatively fasciculus were formed, the functional restoration was better sometimes. 2 The recovery of facial paralysis and the nerve healing condition: There were recovery in different degree on facial paralysis of the animals in the two groups, and the recovery was significant over half of them, and two rabbits in every group recovered normally. The remove parts in the two groups were all healing with the two broken end of neurologic defect, and recover the continuity of nerve. Conclusion: The recovery of facial short distance injury in inversion vein-skeletal muscles cograft can gain the same effect with autologous nerve grafting, which is the ideal materials and methods to replace the recovery of short distance nerve injury with autologous nerve grafting.
A treatment of two cases of antrochoanal polyps; Antrochoanal polyps arising in the maxillary sinus mucosa, are relatively common in children, and are thought to be caused by chronic maxillary sinusitis. To achieve a cure, the base of the polyp must not remain in the maxillary sinus, otherwise recurrence is likely. The Caldwell-Luc procedure was previously the standard technique for maxillary sinus surgery. It is associated, however, with postoperative complications such as maxillary mucocele and paraesthesia of the cheek. In paediatric patients, there are further concerns regarding impaired development of the maxilla or teeth. Functional endoscopic sinus surgery has therefore largely replaced the Caldwell-Luc procedure. At this institution, we have for some time used the endoscopic nasolacrimal duct inferior turbinate swing technique for maxillary sinus lesions associated with chronic sinusitis. With this technique, we strip the mucosa from the nasolacrimal duct and inferior meatus anteriorly, then detach it from the wall of the maxillary sinus. The mucosa is then cleared from the walls of the maxillary sinus, opening up the antrum. This procedure has the advantage of creating a relatively wide visual field via the nasal approach alone, and procedures within the maxillary sinus can then be readily performed. In this paper, we report 2 cases in which favourable results were achieved using this nasolacrimal duct inferior turbinate swing technique, along with a discussion of the literature.
Gold weight with single hole versus multiple holes - Experimental study in rabbits; Lagophtalmia can be a serious complication of facial paralysis. Gold weight application to the upper eyelid is one of the most popular and practical conventional techniques. However, displacement or extrusion are commonly encountered complications. In order to minimize these complications, we modified the original design of the gold weight. Our hypothesis is that gold weight with multiple holes resists displacement and resultant extrusion via extensive fibrous tissue formation through the holes. Twelve New Zealand rabbits were used for this experiment. 2×1 cm and 1.8 g ellipsoid golden weights with single and multiple holes were compared. They were placed subcutaneously, to the dorsal surface of the rabbit ears and no suturing was performed. Golden weights with single holes were introduced to the left ear while the golden weights with multiple holes were placed to the right ear. The rates and degree of extrusion and displacement were evaluated in the second and third weeks macroscopically and microscopically. Results were compared by Chi-square and Mann-Whitney U tests. Statistically better outcomes were achieved by golden weights with multiple holes versus single hole (p<0.0034).
Mandibular nerve blocks for the removal of dentures during trismus caused by tetanus; We report a case of trismus caused by tetanus in an 80-yr-old woman who developed severe and painful masseter spasms during which she violently bit the tip of her tongue with her dentures. Bilateral mandibular blocks were performed to remove the dentures. The patient fully recovered. We suggest that mandibular blocks are a useful tool in the management of oral events during trismus in conscious patients. ©2005 by the International Anesthesia Research Society.
Innate immune responses in Lyme borreliosis: Enhanced tumour necrosis factor-α and interleukin-12 in asymptomatic individuals in response to live spirochetes; Innate immunity is important for early defence against borrelia spirochetes and should play a role in the clinical outcome of the infection. In order to study early cytokine responses, in vitro differentiated dendritic cells (DCs) and whole blood cells from 21 patients with different clinical outcomes of Lyme neuroborreliosis were stimulated with live borrelia spirochetes. The borrelia-induced secretion of interleukin (IL)-4, IL-10, IL-12p70, Interferon (INF)-γ and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-α in DCs and IL-1β, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p70, TNF-α, regulated upon activation normal T cell expressed and secreted (RANTES), monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1, macrophage inflammatory protein (MIP)-1α, MIP-1β and eotaxin in whole blood cells was measured by enzyme-linked immunospot (ELISPOT) and multiplex arrays, respectively. We found increased numbers of TNF-α-secreting DCs (P = 0.018) in asymptomatic seropositive individuals compared to patients with subacute neuroborreliosis and seronegative controls. Asymptomatic individuals were also found to have elevated levels of IL-12p70 (P = 0.031) in whole blood cell supernatants compared to seronegative controls. These results are in line with previous experiments using cells of the adaptive immune response, indicating that strong T helper type 1 (Th1) proinflammatory responses might be associated with a successful resolution of Lyme disease. © 2005 British Society for Immunology.
Bell's palsy with ipsilateral numbness; Bell's palsy is an idiopathic facial palsy of the peripheral type. A herpes virus is the most likely mechanism. We report a patient with the often encountered combination of a facial palsy with ipsilateral sensory changes. Magnetic resonance imaging showed had contrast enhancement in the greater petrosal nerve. Viral spread through anatomical connections could be an explanation for the association of facial palsy with numbness.
Management of facial paralysis in temporal bone fractures: A prospective study analyzing 11 operated fractures; Objective: This study was instituted to evaluate patients operated on for traumatic facial paralysis. Study design: A prospective study and literature review. Materials and methods: Between 1996 and 2001, 10 patients with 11 temporal bone fractures resulting in facial paralysis, who were treated by surgical exploration, were handled. One patient had bilateral facial paralysis because of a bilateral temporal bone fracture. All patients had immediate facial paralysis after trauma. The sample included 7 males and 3 females, aged between 8 and 43 years. Results: Of the 11 fractures, 7 (63%) were longitudinal and 4 (37%) were mixed type. There were no transverse fractures. The longitudinal fractures were operated on by the middle cranial fossa (MCF) approach, whereas the mixed fractures were operated on by using a combined approach, consisting of both MCF and transmastoid approaches. The first neurotologic examination and electrophysiological evaluation of the patients were carried out at the earliest 5 days and at the latest 50 days (mean, 25.6 days). The decision for surgery based mainly on electroneurography (ENoG) was possible only in one fracture. In the remaining 10 fractures, the decision for surgery was based mainly on the high-resolution computed tomography (HRCT), taking into account that electromyography (EMG) showed no regeneration potentials. The timing of the surgical intervention ranged from 14 to 75 days (mean, 37.9 days). During the operation, fibrosis at the geniculate ganglion was seen in 5 fractures, impingement of the facial nerve by bone spicules at the geniculate ganglion in 2 fractures, disruption or laceration at the origin of major superficial petrosal nerve also in 2 fractures, and edema around the geniculate ganglion, which is considered a mild form of injury, seen in only 2 fractures. Five fractures showed House-Brackmann (HB) grade 1, 4 patients showed HB grade 2, and 2 patients showed HB grade 3 facial recovery. There were no hearing deterioration or permanent complications related with the procedures. Conclusions: It is rarely possible to see the patients with traumatic facial paralysis in the early period and thus to perform ENoG in the critical 6 days after facial paralysis. HRCT, with the contribution of EMG and clinical judgment, has the greatest impact in decision making in patients seen late. On the basis of the facial outcomes observed in the present prospective surgical series, the recovery of satisfactory facial nerve function could be achieved, regardless of timing of surgery performed, within the first 3 months after the onset of paralysis. This study demonstrates that unless there is a disruption of the main trunk, necessitating primary end-to-end anastomosis or grafting, the type of injury does not have any clear effect on the facial outcome, as long as appropriate surgical management is applied. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Aneurysmal bone cyst of the temporal bone associated with reversible hemifacial paralysis; Aneurysmal bone cyst (ABC) is an uncommon lesion of the temporal bone (TB), with only 20 cases reported. Facial paralysis is a rare complication (2 cases); however, no cases have been reported with preoperative reversal of paralysis. We report a 60-year-old man with a history of remote head trauma, who presented with serious otitis media and right hemifacial paralysis, which resolved with nonsurgical therapeutic measures. Magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography showed a destructive and expansile lesion of the TB. The lesion was surgically removed, and ABC was diagnosed histologically. The patient had an uneventful recovery and demonstrated no recurrence at 1 year of follow-up. This report presents an unusual presentation of ABC in the TB, with a review of the clinical, radiological, pathological, and therapeutic features of this entity. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of ruboxistaurin on visual loss in patients with moderately severe to very severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy: Initial results of the protein kinase C β inhibitor diabetic retinopathy study (PKC-DRS) multicenter randomized clinical trial; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the orally administered protein kinase C (PKC) β isoform-selective inhibitor ruboxistaurin (RBX) in subjects with moderately severe to very severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy (NPDR). In this multicenter, double-masked, randomized, placebo-controlled study, 252 subjects received placebo or RBX (8,16, or 32 mg/day) for 36-46 months. Patients had an Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study (ETDRS) retinopathy severity level between 47B and 53E inclusive, an ETDRS visual acuity of 20/125 or better, and no history of scatter (panretinal) photocoagulation. Efficacy measures included progression of DR, moderate visual loss (MVL) (doubling of the visual angle), and sustained MVL (SMVL). RBX was well tolerated without significant adverse effects but had no significant effect on the progression of DR. Compared with placebo, 32 mg/day RBX was associated with a delayed occurrence of MVL (log rank, P = 0.038) and of SMVL (P = 0.226). RBX reduction of SMVL was evident only in eyes with definite diabetic macular edema at baseline (10% 32 mg/day RBX vs. 25% placebo, P = 0.017). In multivariable Cox proportional hazard analysis, 32 mg/ day RBX significantly reduced the risk of MVL compared with placebo (hazard ratio 0.37 [95% CI 0.17-0.80], P = 0.012). In this clinical trial, RBX was well tolerated and reduced the risk of visual loss but did not prevent DR progression. © 2005 by the American Diabetes Association.
Papillary endothelial hyperplasia (Masson tumor) of the petrous and jugulare region: Case report and literature review; Objective: Intracranial papillary endothelial hyperplasia (PEH) is rare, and only 13 cases have been reported intracranially in the literature. In this article, we present a case of PEH involving petrous and jugular foramen region due to the uncommon incidence. Case Description: A 49-year-old female patient with a 4-year history of left-sided hearing loss and facial palsy. Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging disclosed the presence of a 6 × 6 × 5 cm lobular mass occupying the left petrous and jugulare region. This mass was hyperintense on both T1 and T2 weighted MR images and was enhanced strongly with gadolinium. No edema was found around the lesion. Preoperative digital subtraction angiogram examination showed that the lesion had a rich blood supply. Therefore, polyvinyl alcohol embolization was carried out to reduce bleeding during operation. A left-sided suboccipital extreme lateral approach was applied for craniotomy. The lesion was extradural and highly vascular with extension into the petrous bone. It was subtotally removed. Postoperative course of the patient was stable. Her neurologic evaluation was the same as preoperatively. Conclusion: Surgical excision of the lesion is the main therapy. Radiotherapy should be given to patients whose lesion cannot be totally removed.
Do we need to give steroids in children with Bell's palsy?; A short cut review was carried out to establish whether steroids are indicated in children presenting with Bell's palsy. A total of 60 papers were found using the reported search, of which three represented the best evidence to answer the clinical question. The author, date and country of publication, patient group studied, study type, relevant outcomes, results, and study weaknesses of these best papers are tabulated. A clinical bottom line is stated.
Autogenous fascia lata grafts: Clinical applications in reanimation of the totally or partially paralyzed face; Background: Although they are traditionally reserved for "aesthetic refinement" in the latter stages of facial reanimation surgery, the author uses a variety of autogenous fascia lata grafts in a very aggressive approach as the primary therapeutic option in static facial rebalancing and/or in conjunction with dynamic muscle transfers to achieve architectural integrity and functional restoration of the totally or partially paralyzed face. Methods: Forty-nine autogenous fascia lata grafts, harvested through serial incisions in the lateral thigh, were placed in 35 totally or partially paralyzed faces. The grafts were categorized by anatomical location: I and II, lateral lip in totally paralyzed and partially paralyzed faces, respectively; III, nostril suspension; IV, lower eyelid suspension; V, bimalar lower lip sling; and VI, platysma transfer/autogenous fascia lata extension for lower lip invagination. Results: In all group I and II cases, static balance of facial architecture was restored at 4 to 6 weeks (after swelling resolved). Average lip commissure displacement was corrected to within 0.5 cm of the horizontal axis. Subjective functional improvement in speech, fluid retention, and chewing was immediate in all cases. In group I (n = 10; median age, 10.5 years), a 60 to 100 percent symmetrical smile was achieved with voluntary gracilis contraction of 3 of 5 to 5 of 5. In group II (n = 20; median age, 33 years), with 16 sling only patients, one to two grades of voluntary risorius and lip elevator motion were achieved in most When accompanied by a temporalis turnover flap, both risorius and lip elevator function improved two to three grades. In group III (n = 5), inspiratory collapse was ameliorated in all cases and nasal flow improved subjectively 80 to 100 percent In group IV (n = 4), scleral show and keratitis were improved in all cases. In group V (n = 6), improved oral competence was achieved in all patients. In group VI (n = 4), static lip evagination was achieved in all cases; voluntary lip depressor function was two to four grades improved. Condusions: Early placement of autogenous fascia lata restores static balance of the deeper facial architecture in repose. Functional improvement of chewing, fluid retention, speech articulation, smile symme-try, and ectropion is immediate. The psychological effect is also immediate, with achievement of self-esteem and acceptance by family and peers.
Tumors of the jugular foramen: Diagnosis and management; OBJECTIVE: Jugular foramen tumors are rare cranial base lesions that present diagnostic and management difficulties. With the availability of new diagnostic procedures these tumors have been more precisely studied and questions of whether, when, and how these lesions should be treated often arise. Data from 106 consecutive patients surgically treated in the past 17 years were retrospectively analyzed to identify surgical outcomes. METHODS: The tumors were approached by a multidisciplinary team composed of neurosurgeons, ear, nose, and throat surgeons, and neuroradiologists. Hypervascular lesions were embolized 3 to 5 days before surgery. The same surgical technique was used to resect all tumors. The surgical defect was covered with vascularized myofascial flaps. The internal carotid artery was infiltrated in two patients, and a saphenous graft bypass was carried out before removal of the lesions. The facial nerve was reconstructed with nerve grafts (great auricular nerve) or XII/VII anastomosis in five cases. Postoperative radiotherapy was carried out for malignant and invasive tumors. RESULTS: Paragangliomas were the most frequent lesions, followed by schwannomas and meningiomas. Complete excision was possible in 89% of benign tumors and 80% of paragangliomas. Lower cranial nerve deficit was the most frequent complication (10 patients, 9.4%), transient in 4 patients. Facial and cochlear nerve paralysis occurred in 8 patients (7.5%). The function of the facial nerve recovered spontaneously in 3 patients. Four patients (3.7%) developed postoperative cerebrospinal fluid leakage. Four patients (3.7%) died after surgery. CONCLUSION: Radical removal of benign jugular foramen tumors is the treatment of choice and may be curative. Large lesions can be radically excised in one surgical procedure with preservation of lower cranial nerves. Cranial base reconstruction with vascularized myofascial flaps reduces the incidence of postoperative cerebrospinal fluid leakage. Damage of the lower cranial nerves is the most serious surgical complication.
Radiosurgery for vestibular schwannomas; Background: Radiosurgery has been established as an important alternative to microsurgery. We report our experience with radiosurgery for tumor control and the complications of unilateral vestibular schwannomas. Methods: We reviewed our early experience regarding clinical presentation, management and outcomes in 45 patients with acoustic schwannomas who underwent gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery. The median follow-up period was 25 months (range, 6-48 months). Thirteen patients had undergone 1 or more previous resections before radiosurgery; 32 underwent radiosurgery as the first procedure. Median tumor volume was 4.5 mL (range, 0.5-30.0), and median radiotherapy dose was 11.5 Gy (range, 10.5-14.0 Gy). Results: Tumor control was achieved in 43 patients (95.6%). Loss of central contrast enhancement was a characteristic change and was noted in 29 patients (64.4%). Reduction in tumor size was shown in 15 patients (33.3%). Thirteen patients (28.9%) had good or serviceable hearing preoperatively, and in all of these, the preoperative status was retained immediately after radiosurgery. At follow-up, however, 10 patients (76.9%) had preserved hearing and 3 (23.1%) had reduced hearing on the treated side. Hearing in 1 patient that was not serviceable preoperatively later improved to a serviceable level. No patients had delayed facial palsy or lower cranial nerve dysfunction, but one had delayed trigeminal sensory loss. Conclusion: Radiosurgery achieved a high tumor control rate and a relatively low post-radiosurgical complication rate for acoustic neuromas. © 2005 Elsevier. All rights reserved.
A case of cervical metastases from temporal bone carcinoid; Background. Carcinoids are neuroendocrine tumors that typically occur in the gastrointestinal tract and lung and less frequently in the head and neck region. Whereas the metastatic potential of laryngeal carcinoid is well documented, only one case of metastasis of temporal bone carcinoid to the cervical lymph nodes has been reported. We present the case of a 55-year-old woman with cervical metastases almost 3 years after a primary diagnosis of temporal bone carcinoid. Methods. The patient had undergone a subtotal petrosectomy for a temporal bone carcinoid and, 29 months later, revision surgery for a local recurrence. Four months later, multiple laterocervical swelling appeared, and the patient underwent modified radical neck dissection. Results. Histologic examination after the neck dissection was suggestive of lymph node metastases from a carcinoid tumor. Immunohistochemical analysis of the lymph node metastases showed neoplastic cells positive for keratin, vimentin, chromogranin, and neuron-specific enolase and negative for thyroglobulin, calcitonin, S-100, and parathyroid hormone. The patient was treated with intensity-modulated radiation therapy and neck irradiation. Conclusions. We believe that temporal bone carcinoids have metastatic potential not predictable by histologic features. Surgical excision is the treatment of choice for patients with temporal bone carcinoids, with the approach and technique determined by the extent of the mass. Moreover, before planning surgery and during follow-up, neck node status must be carefully detected. © 2005 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
General practitioners' referral pattern for children with acute facial paralysis; Introduction: The relative incidence of paediatric Bell's palsy is two to four times less than the condition in adults. The number encountered in our otolaryngology department falls short of the above prediction. This could either reflect the general practitioners' (GPs) patterns of referral or a lower incidence in our locality. Methods: Postal questionnaires were sent to our local GPs to determine their referral practice when managing children presenting with acute facial paralysis. Results: Of 233 questionnaires, 172 (74 per cent) were returned and analysed. Fifty-four per cent of GPs referred their patients to the local paediatric services, 22 per cent to an otolaryngologist, and the remaining 24 per cent of GPs were confident in diagnosing and managing Bell's palsy in children themselves. Discussion and Conclusion: Of the GPs surveyed 78 per cent did not refer children presenting with acute facial paralysis to an otolaryngologist. We suggest minimum investigations for acute facial paralysis in children before diagnosing Bell's palsy and stipulate otolaryngology referral for all.
Tuberculous parotitis: Case report and literature review; Objectives: Our aim was to better understand the rarely encountered tuberculous (TB) parotitis. Methods: A case of TB parotitis is reported, and the literature is reviewed. Results: Forty-nine patients (27 men, 22 women; mean age, 38.3 ± 16.4 years) were enrolled. The median duration of symptoms before these patients sought medical help was 6 months. Except for 1 patient with bilateral TB parotitis, all had unilateral involvement; complications included draining sinuses in 4 patients (8%) and facial palsy in 2 patients (4%). Twenty-one of 36 patients (58%) had a painless parotid mass, 12 of 19 (63%) had cervical lymphadenitis, 8 of 11 (73%) had fever, and 11 of 44 (25%) had pulmonary tuberculosis (4 active and 7 inactive cases). Neoplasm was the most common presumptive diagnosis. The diagnosis of TB parotitis in most cases was made on the basis of cytologic analysis of the fine-needle aspirate or histopathologic analysis of the excised tissue. Forty-six patients with TB parotitis who had a traceable outcome survived after 6 to 10 months of antituberculosis chemotherapy. Conclusions: Physicians should have a high index of suspicion for TB parotitis in patients with a chronic parotid lump, even if the chest radiographs appear normal. Fine-needle aspiration should be performed first for diagnosis, and TB parotitis should be medically treated. © 2005 Annals Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Fracture of skull base with delayed multiple cranial nerve palsies; This report describes a pediatric case of delayed glossopharyngeal nerve, vagus nerve, and facial nerve palsies after a head injury. Computed tomography scan of the skull base revealed the fracture of the petrous part of the temporal bone, and the fracture involved the tip of petrous pyramid, in front of the jugular foramen. The anatomical features, mechanisms, diagnosis, and treatment are discussed. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Facial nerve palsy in posterior fossa arachnoid cysts: Report of two cases; Case report: Two patients with a posterior fossa arachnoid cyst responsible for isolated facial nerve palsy are reported. Discussion: The relationships between the cyst and the facial nerve and between the facial nerve palsy and the size variation of the cyst are discussed and documented by pre- and postoperative magnetic resonance imaging. © Springer-Verlag 2004.
Contouring of a rigid eyelid implant: Indication for the replacement with the platinum chain; Background: The resultant lagophthalmos at peripheral facial palsy can lead to keratopathy of varying degrees. In surgical therapy of lagophthalmos some implants to preserve a sufficient eyelid closure have been decribed. Besides to the use of magnets, silicone slings or palpebral springs the importance of the gold implantation (lidloading), first described by Illig in 1958, has increased. Unfortunately all of these techniques have often shown unwanted side effects. The platinum chain is a new implant which promises, due to its flexibility, lower postoperative complications. Patients: We present two case reports to show the platinum chain's advantages compared to the older implants. The two patients developed a unsightly contouring (with threatening extrusion) of the rigid gold implant after lidloading. These gold implants were therefore replaced in one step by the platinum chain. Results and Conclusions: The further process was complication-free. In our opinion, in spite of the small case number, the new developed platinum chain can lead to a reduction of postoperative complications after lidloading. In complications with the rigid gold implants, such as contouring or extrusion, these implants can mostly be replaced in one step by corresponding platinum chains. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Acute mastoiditis in children, a retrospective analysis about a period of 25 years; Background: During the last years the classical signs of the acute mastoiditis have changed. Aim of the following study was to examine the change of symptoms as well as the change of incidence. Methods/Patients: The records of 113 children who received mastoid surgery due to acute mastoiditis were retrospectivly investigated. Data covered a regional group of patients during a period of 25 years (1979-2003). Results: Considering the drop of the birthrate from 1991 in the East German countries, there was a significant increase of the incidence of acute mastoiditis. The patients had a mean age of 2,5 years. The classical symptoms like "retroauricular swelling, tenderness and protrusion of the auricle" were only noted by 47 children (41.6%). Preoperative complications appeared as facial palsy, abscess and septical lateral sinus thrombosis in 11 children. Bacterial cultures, taken during surgery yielded in 55.7% Streptococcus pneumoniae. The therapy contained a surgical intervention combined with antibiotics. Conclusions: An early surgical treatment by mastoidectomy or antrotomy supported by antibiotics represents the safest method to avoid complications. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Best evidence topic report. Do we need to give steroids in children with Bell's palsy?; A short cut review was carried out to establish whether steroids are indicated in children presenting with Bell's palsy. A total of 60 papers were found using the reported search, of which three represented the best evidence to answer the clinical question. The author, date and country of publication, patient group studied, study type, relevant outcomes, results, and study weaknesses of these best papers are tabulated. A clinical bottom line is stated.
Complications of acute otitis media in children; The clinical picture and the treatment of acute otitis media (AOM) and its complications have changed during the past decades. The availability of antibiotics has decreased the incidence of complications of AOM significantly. The treatment of complications of AOM is conservative in most cases. Mastoidectomy is needed when abscess-forming mastoiditis or intracranial complications develop. Although intratemporal and intracranial complications of AOM are rare today, they still cause morbidity, and need prompt treatment. Occasionally, permanent damage of the ear leads to hearing loss, vertigo, and sometimes, facial weakness. Antibiotic treatment has decreased the mortality associated with the complications of AOM, but it is still high in countries with developing health care systems. Early diagnosis and effective treatment of the complications are the bases for a good prognosis. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Supratentorial arterial ischemic stroke following cerebellar tumor resection in two children; We describe two children who developed ischemic strokes in the territory of the middle cerebral artery, one 7 days and one 11 days after resection of a cerebellar tumor. In the first child, another infarction occurred in the territory of the contralateral middle cerebral artery 5 days after the first stroke. No specific cause or underlying risk factor other than the surgical procedure was found. The subacute clinical course at stroke onset resembled that of the 'posterior fossa syndrome', suggesting a common underlying mechanism. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG.
Clinical features and treatment of Fisher syndrome; To clarify the clinical features of patients with Fisher syndrome, we reviewed detailed clinical profiles and laboratory findings in 267 cases. The men: women ratio was about 3:2, median age at onset 42 years, and the two peaks were 30-39 and 50-59. Sixty two percent of the patients had an antecedent illness with upper respiratory infectious symptoms. As initial symptoms, 63% had diplopia, 33% ataxic gait, and 17% dysesthesia of the upper and/or lower limbs. Besides ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, and areflexia, blepharoptosis (42%), internal ophthalmoplegia (35%), facial palsy (25%), and bulbar palsy (16%) were present. Limb weakness was significant in 25% and sensory impairment in 52%. CSF albuminocytological dissociation was present in 80% after the second week. Most patients were given intravenous immunoglobulin (59%). None died, and almost all had a monophasic remitting course and a generally good outcome.
Diffusion-weighted and conventional magnetic resonance imaging in cerebral cryptococcoma.; A case of cryptococcoma involving the right cerebral hemisphere is reported. The diffusion-weighted image shows hypointensity in the central cavity of the cryptococcoma, while apparent diffusion coefficient maps show hyperintensity. The imaging features of an intracerebral cryptococcoma mimic that of a central necrotic brain tumor, rather than a pyogenic brain abscess.
Precaruncular medial canthopexy.; OBJECTIVES: To describe a new 3-dimensional technique for medial canthal repositioning, precaruncular medial canthopexy (PMC), and to present an outcome study demonstrating its efficacy. METHODS: Data (age, sex, cause, and initial symptoms) were collected prospectively on patients with malposition of the lower eyelid. All patients were photographed before and after surgery in a set protocol. The type and severity of eyelid malposition were documented using the Ectropion Grading Scale (EGS) before and after each procedure. Surgical outcome was evaluated by objective improvement of ectropion grading and subjective resolution of symptoms. RESULTS: Precaruncular medial canthopexy was performed on 30 eyelids of 27 consecutive patients (10 were revisions) for correction of medial eyelid laxity or malposition. Twenty-six patients had ectropion, and 1 had bilateral entropion. The most common cause of eyelid malposition was facial paralysis (n = 21). Ancillary procedures, most commonly lateral transorbital canthopexy (for correction of lateral ectropion), were performed on 60% of the eyelids at the time of PMC. Twenty-eight procedures resulted in complete restoration of the medial canthus to a normal position (EGS grade I). Two patients had minimal residual medial scleral show after surgery (EGS grade II) but experienced symptom relief. There were no wound infections or perioperative complications. CONCLUSIONS: Precaruncular medial canthopexy rapidly and safely restores support in all 3 dimensions without blocking the visual field or damaging the lacrimal system, with minimal morbidity and excellent wound healing. In addition to being a primary technique for correcting medial eyelid malposition, PMC should be routinely considered as an adjunct procedure when correcting lateral eyelid malposition.
Civilian firearm injuries in head and neck; Firearm injuries to the head and neck contribute to substantial medical, medicolegal, economic as well as social problems. Internal wounds in the head and neck by firearms are usually complicated and are diagnostically and therapeutically challenging cases. Based on four cases of non-fata/firearm injuries, we discuss problems related to firearm wounds, their irregular path, final lodgment of the bullet and their diagnostic and therapeutic consequences. In the present study it was observed that a fatal looking firearm injury can result in a favourable and interesting outcome.
Parotid surgery: Review of 107 tumors (1990-2002); Tumors of the parotid gland are uncommon. We performed a retrospective study to analyze the clinical, diagnostic, and therapeutic features of a group of patients. We reviewed the clinical and the surgical records of a series of 109 patients who were recommended for surgery because of parotid tumors by the Plastic and Reconstructive Service of São João Hospital, Portugal, between 1990 and 2002. The following parameters were evaluated: age, sex, gland afflicted, symptoms, and duration of symptoms, diagnostic procedures, treatment methods, follow-up, and recurrences. Pleomorphic adenoma was the most common tumor (63.5%). In the majority of cases, fine-needle aspiration cytology was used. Swelling was the most frequent clinical finding. In 68.2%, superficial parotidectomy was performed. There were five cases of permanent facial palsy, and 10 patients developed Prey's syndrome. Recurrent disease was seen in six patients. For the majority of tumors, superficial parotidectomy is an effective treatment with acceptable morbidity.
Practice parameter: Therapies for essential tremor: Report of the quality standards subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology; Background: Essential tremor (ET) is one of the most common tremor disorders in adults and is characterized by kinetic and postural tremor. To develop this practice parameter, the authors reviewed available evidence regarding initiation of pharmacologic and surgical therapies, duration of their effect, their relative benefits and risks, and the strength of evidence supporting their use. Methods: A literature review using MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index, and CINAHL was performed to identify clinical trials in patients with ET published between 1966 and August 2004. Articles were classified according to a four-tiered level of evidence scheme and recommendations were based on the level of evidence. Results and Conclusions: Propranolol and primidone reduce limb tremor (Level A). Alprazolam, atenolol, gabapentin (monotherapy), sotalol, and topiramate are probably effective in reducing limb tremor (Level B). Limited studies suggest that propranolol reduces head tremor (Level B). Clonazepam, clozapine, nadolol, and nimodipine possibly reduce limb tremor (Level C). Botulinum toxin A may reduce hand tremor but is associated with dose-dependent hand weakness (Level C). Botulinum toxin A may reduce head tremor (Level C) and voice tremor (Level C), but breathiness, hoarseness, and swallowing difficulties may occur in the treatment of voice tremor. Chronic deep brain stimulation (DBS) (Level C) and thalamotomy (Level C) are highly efficacious in reducing tremor. Each procedure carries a small risk of major complications. Some adverse events from DBS may resolve with time or with adjustment of stimulator settings. There is insufficient evidence regarding the surgical treatment of head and voice tremor and the use of gamma knife thalamotomy (Level U). Additional prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials are needed to better determine the efficacy and side effects of pharmacologic and surgical treatments of ET. Copyright © 2005 by AAN Enterprises, Inc.
Arguments favouring the pharmacotherapy of Bells' palsy; Some clinicians claim a spontaneous complete recovery of facial nerve function after Bell's palsy in more than 80% of patients. However, for elderly patients and patients with a severe paresis/paralysis this is not the case. The main cause of Bell's palsy is probably reactivation of latent herpes viruses. Recent literature supports treatment with corticosteroids and antiviral medication, inhibiting viral replication and reducing oedema in the bony canal of the facial nerve. Using this medication in the first days of the disease provides a further 15% of patients with a good outcome in addition to the ones that improve spontaneously. Therefore, prednisone and valacyclovir are recommended for all patients with Bell's palsy and severe dysfunction, i.e. House-Brackmann facial grading scale IV, V and VI.
Arguments against the pharmacotherapy of Bells' palsy; Bell's palsy is the most frequent type of peripheral facial paresis. Its cause is unknown. The prognosis is good in 85% of patients. Based on theories about its pathogenesis, antivirals and corticosteroids have been tried. In 6 studies with antivirals and 9 with corticosteroids (most of the studies were methodologically flawed), the efficacy of these treatments was not demonstrated.
Severe tissue damage and neurological deficit following extravasation of sodium hypochlorite solution during routine endodontic treatment; Endodontic therapy is a routinely practised clinical procedure with few reported complications. Sodium hypochlorite is often used as an irrigant during this procedure, but severe complications may occur if this solution extravasates beyond the root apex. We present a case demonstrating some of the severe sequelae that can occur following the misuse of sodium hypochlorite during endodontic treatment of an upper lateral incisor, which also resulted in the previously unreported complication of isolated facial nerve weakness. © British Dental Journal 2005.
Intractable hiccup as the initial presenting feature of systemic lupus erythematosus; An infarctus of medulla oblongata was discovered in a 44-year old man with an intractable hiccup and 10, 11th and 12th right cranial nerves palsies. Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with antiphospholipid syndrome was subsequently diagnosed. Hiccup has withdrew with corticosteroid therapy and low-dose aspirin. The other cases of literature and pathophysiologic hypotheses are briefly reported. © 2005 Edward Arnold (Publishers) Ltd.
Consequence or coincidence? The occurrence, pathogenesis and significance of autoimmune manifestations after viral vaccines; Background: Viruses and virus-induced lymphokines may have an important role in the pathogenesis of autoimmunity (Schattner A. Clin Immunol Immunopathol; 1994). The occurrence and significance of autoimmune manifestations after the administration of viral vaccines remain controversial. Methods: Medline search of all relevant publications from 1966 through June 2004 with special emphasis on search of each individual autoimmune manifestation and vaccination, as well as specifically searching each viral vaccine for all potential autoimmune syndromes reported. All relevant publications were retrieved and critically analyzed. Results: The most frequently reported autoimmune manifestations for the various vaccinations, were: hepatitis A virus (HAV) - none; hepatitis B virus (HBV) - rheumatoid arthritis, reactive arthritis, vasculitis, encephalitis, neuropathy, thrombocytopenia; measles, mumps and rubella vaccine (MMR) - acute arthritis or arthralgia, chronic arthritis, thrombocytopenia; influenza - Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS), vasculitis; polio - GBS; varicella - mainly neurological syndromes. Even these 'frequent' associations relate to a relatively small number of patients. Whenever controlled studies of autoimmunity following viral vaccines were undertaken, no evidence of an association was found. Conclusions: Very few patients may develop some autoimmune diseases following viral vaccination (in particular - arthropathy, vasculitis, neurological dysfunction and thrombocytopenia). For the overwhelming majority of people, vaccines are safe and no evidence linking viral vaccines with type 1 diabetes, multiple sclerosis (MS) or inflammatory bowel disease can be found. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment of motor dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: An overview; Levodopa remains the most effective treatment for Parkinson's disease (PD). However, the use of this drug is complicated by several adverse effects, in particular motor fluctuations and dyskinesias. Drugs providing more continuous dopaminergic stimulation and surgical approaches, such as deep-brain stimulation, have an important ameliorative effect on these problems. Despite these advances, the progression of the disease remains unaffected and strategies that slow or stop the neurodegenerative process are currently not available. Nevertheless, several compounds or surgical procedures are candidates for being neuroprotective and some of them are under evaluation. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Definition and classification of paroxysmal positional vertigo; The aim of the present paper is to focus on the classification of one of the most frequent peripheral vestibular pathologies: benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) or paroxysmal positional vertigo (PPV). Having discussed some aspects of the terminology of PPV, the authors describe its natural course and evolution. Three different types of classification are proposed basing the first on the pathogenesis of PPV, the second on aetiological factors and the third on the topographical localization of otoconial debris in the labyrinth. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Botulinum toxin-physiology and applications in head and neck disorders; This article is structured around a literature review that was carried out using Ovid and Medline with the key words "botulinum," "toxin," and "ENT." Botulinum toxin has been used safely in humans for more than 20 years. The effects are transient, such that treatments are required to be repeated at intervals. Its application to ENT provides a useful tool to treat dystonia, autonomic dysfunction, facial nerve paresis, and hyperfunctional lines. It may also be of benefit in laryngeal re-balancing and the treatment of headaches. Further research is being carried out and new indications for treatment with botulinum toxin may include sialorrhea and rhinorrhea. © 2005 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Lagophthalmos in enophthalmic eyes; Aims: To report a case series of enophthalmic patients with lagophthalmos. Methods: A retrospective review of the electronic medical records at a tertiary health care centre of all patients with the diagnoses of " enophthalmos" and "lagophthalmos". Patients who had a history of diseases (such as Graves' orbitopathy), trauma or surgery of the orbit and eyelid were excluded. Enophthalmos was defined as exophthalmometric reading of 14 mm or less in both eyes. Results: Seven patients (14 eyes) with bilateral enophthalmos were found to have concomitant lagophthalmos. All patients had deep superior sulci bilaterally. The upper eyelids were seen to be severely retro-placed behind the superior orbital rim. The extraocular motilities were full with no focal neurological deficit. The orbicularis oculi function was normal with no facial paralysis. The orbits were soft on retropulsion and no facial asymmetry was noted. The mean exophthalmolmetry reading measured 12.6 (SD 1.1) mm. The lagophthalmos varied from 1-5 mm. One patient (one eye) with 3 mm lagophthalmos developed a corneal ulcer and was treated with topical antibiotics and gold weight placement in the upper eyelid. Conclusion: Enophthalmic patients with deep superior sulci and retro-placed upper eyelids may present with lagophthalmos and exposure keratopathy.
Extended-release formulations of oxybutynin and tolterodine exhibit similar central nervous system tolerability profiles: A subanalysis of data from the OPERA trial; Objective: This study was undertaken to compare the central nervous system (CNS) tolerability profiles of the extended-release formulations of oxybutynin chloride and tolterodine tartrate in the treatment of women with overactive bladder (OAB), as observed in the OPERA (Overactive bladder: Performance of Extended Release Agents) trial. Study design: The OPERA trial was a randomized, double-blind, active-control comparison of the efficacy and safety of extended-release oxybutynin (10 mg/d) and extended-release tolterodine (4 mg/d) given to 790 women with OAB for 12 weeks. The incidence of reported CNS events was compared between the treatment groups by using the Fisher exact test. Results: The incidence of CNS adverse events was 9% and 8% for the oxybutynin and tolterodine treatment groups, respectively. The difference between groups was not statistically significant. All reported CNS adverse events were rated as mild or moderate in severity. There were no serious treatment-related adverse events in either group, and discontinuation because of a CNS adverse event was infrequent. Conclusion: The extended-release formulations of oxybutynin and tolterodine were observed to be associated with a similar low incidence of CNS adverse events, which were mostly mild or moderate in severity. © 2005 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Adeno-associated virus vectors are able to restore fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase-deficiency. Implications for gene therapy in Sjögren-Larsson syndrome; Sjögren-Larsson Syndrome (SLS) is caused by an autosomal recessive defect in the gene coding for fatty aldehyde dehydrogenase (FALDH), an enzyme necessary for the oxidation of long-chain aliphatic aldehydes to fatty acid as one enzyme of the fatty alcohol:nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (NAD+)-oxidoreductase complex (FAO). The impaired activity of FALDH leads to the clinical symptom triad of generalized ichthyosis, mental retardation, and spastic diplegia or tetraplegia. Treatment options are primarily symptomatic. Gene therapy by means of genetic reintroduction of the functional FALDH gene into defective cells has so far not been considered as a therapeutic modality. In order to pursue such an approach for SLS, we constructed a recombinant adeno-associated virus-2 vector containing the human cDNA of functional FALDH and evaluated its capability to restore the enzyme-deficiency in a FALDH-deficient cell line resembling the gene defect of SLS. rAAV-2 transduction of FALDH-deficient cells, usually exhibiting less than 10% of normal FALDH activity, resulted in an increase of FALDH activity within the range of unaffected cells. Moreover, FALDH-transduced cells regained resistance over exposure to long chain aldehydes, which are otherwise toxic to FALDH-deficient cells. These results indicated that rAAV-2 vectors are able to restore FALDH-deficiency in a cell system resembling SLS. The findings give the first support to the concept that gene therapy might be a future option for the treatment of SLS. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Greater superficial petrosal nerve schwannoma; Greater superficial petrosal nerve (GSPN) schwannoma is a very rare type of facial nerve schwannoma. Including our case, only 6 schwannomas have been reported to originate from the GSPN. Clinical features, imaging, diagnosis, differential diagnosis and treatment are discussed reviewing other cases in the pertinent literature. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Familial Bell's palsy in females: A phenotype with a predilection for eyelids and lacrimal gland; The authors report a family with familial Bell's palsy affecting seven individuals, six of whom are females. This is a distinct subtype of Bell's palsy with a predilection for juvenile females, previously reported only very rarely. In conjunction with a review of the literature, this case suggests that this phenotype carries with it a greater risk of serious complications affecting the eyelids and lacrimal gland. These carry significant functional and cosmetic implications owing to aberrant regeneration of the seventh, sixth and possibly third cranial nerves, chronicity and relapses. Clinical features include synkinesis of the eyelids with the orbicularis oris causing synkinetic ptosis, recurrent paralytic ectropion, paralysis of facial muscles of expression with dry eye, hyperlacrimation (crocodile tears), and transient strabismus. Clinically, the decision to offer surgery in place of conservative treatment should consider the natural history of chronicity and relapses often seen with this subtype of familial Bell's palsy. Botulinum toxin injections are especially versatile in managing the complications associated with this phenotype. Copyright © 2005 Taylor & Francis Inc.
"A girdle-like tightening sensation" Misapprehended as abdominal splanchnopathy in a sarcoidosis patient; We describe a 53-year-old man with the isolated manifestation of girdle-like tightening sensation of the trunk due to polyradiculopathy at the beginning of sarcoidosis which was first misapprehended as abdominal splanchnopathy. Late development of other neurological and systemic symptoms led to the final diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Segmental dysesthesia at the trunk in neurosarcoidosis is unique and may mimic a splanchnic pain. Such a dysesthesia may be solely manifested at the beginning of sarcoidosis and may continue for days without other symptoms. When patients complain of a girdle-like tightening with unknown etiology, sarcoidosis should be suspected as the possible cause.
Multiple cranial neuropathy: An atypical presentation of Lyme disease; When the differential diagnosis could include Lyme disease, careful history and a strong suspicion can often be key to a correct diagnosis, particularly in patients with atypical presentations. We report the case of a patient presenting with multiple cranial neuropathy whose diagnosis of Lyme disease was confirmed by travel history, MRI, and immunologic testing.
Electrophysiological evidence by single fibre electromyography of neuromuscular transmission impairment in a case of Miller Fisher syndrome; Miller Fisher syndrome is an autoimmune neuropathy characterised by ataxia, areflexia and ophthalmoplegia, with minimal if any limb weakness, and in the majority of cases by high titres of IgG anti-GQ1b ganglioside antibodies. In vitro electrophysiological experiments have demonstrated that these antibodies induce a transmission blockade at neuromuscular junction either pre- or post-synaptically. We report the case of a 63-year-old man with MFS that shows blood serum negative for anti-GQ1b but presents an impairment of neuromuscular transmission detected by single fibre electromyography. To the best of our knowledge, this represents the first case in the literature using jitter technique and suggests that other antibodies may be involved in the function of motor end plates by bindings to the synaptic membranes. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2005.
Unilateral palpebral ptosis associated with vinblastine therapy; Vinblastine is a plant-derived alkaloid, that is clinically used as an antineoplastic drug. An important complication of vinca alkaloid therapy is neurotoxicity; the ocular system can be involved, with bilateral ophthalmoplegia, diplopia, and bilateral seventh nerve palsy with lagophthalmos. Palpebral ptosis is always bilateral and usually associated with vincristine therapy; rarely has it been reported in association with vinblastine. We report the case of a two-year-old child with systemic Langerhans' cell histiocytosis (LCH), who developed unilateral palpebral ptosis in his left eye six weeks after vinblastine therapy was initiated. This is the first case reported in the literature of unilateral palpebral ptosis during vinblastine therapy. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Inc.
Advanced functional oculofacial indications of botulinum toxin; Botulinum toxin treatment offers a simple, yet effective treatment of many ocular conditions. The myriad of uses of botulinum toxin continues to be discovered and researched. Several have been highlighted here, but we anticipate many more being discovered in the coming years.
Facial nerve management in cochlear implant surgery; Facial nerve injury and facial nerve stimulation are rare but important risks of cochlear implant surgery. Careful preoperative and intraoperative techniques can help minimize the possibility of facial nerve involvement in cochlear implantation. Meanwhile, judicious postoperative treatment can help minimize the impact of these disorders if either facial nerve injury or stimulation does occur. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cochlear implantation in the partially ossified cochlea; Advances in the understanding of cochlear anatomy, the pathophysiology of labyrinthitis ossificans, and the development of surgical techniques have reduced the number of patients denied candidacy for cochlear implantation due to cochlear duct obstruction. In addition to computed tomography, high-resolution magnetic resonance imaging fosters improved surgical planning in cases with soft tissue obstruction without ossification. Specific electrodes for use in the obstructed cochlea maximize insertion and access available ganglion cells. This article addresses the components of the preoperative evaluation, surgical decision-making, and specific techniques for cochlear implant array insertion in the partially ossified cochlea. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment of complications of parotid gland surgery.; Although several reports in the literature have documented the surgical technique, and the oncological outcome achieved with parotidectomy, only a few articles have described the complications of parotid gland surgery and their management. Several complications have been reported in parotid surgery. We re-classified the complications of parotidectomy in intra-operative and post-operative (early and late). The commonest complications after parotidectomy are temporary or permanent facial palsy and Frey's syndrome.
Observation on therapeutic effects of different methods on peripheral facial paralysis at different stages; OBJECTIVE: To observe therapeutic effects of different therapeutic methods for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis at different stages.
Paresis of the facial nerve; Described are symptoms of the supranuclear, nuclear, infranuclear involvement of n. facialis and their different clinical picture. Topognosis, the determination of the level of the lesion, is of prognostic significance in the affection of the nerve. An important contribution to the determination of prognosis in facial paralysis is sound knowledge of the clinical picture and an EMG investigation with electrostimulation of the nerve. Conservative treatment with steroids and antiviral agents is the most effective. Surgical treatment with revision of the nerve in the fallopian canal is left for atypical cases. Dealt with are inflammatory paralyses; Guillain-Barré, Ramsey-Hunt, Banworth's, and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndromes; paralyses in the pregnant, in diabetics; congenital, traumatic, and tumorous paralyses.
Pre- and intraoperative predictive factors of facial palsy in vestibular schwannoma surgery; Conclusions. These results support previous ones with regard to FN risk factors in VS surgery. However, they also provide new preoperative factors that influence postoperative FN function, such as clinical symptoms, the nature of the surgical procedure (use of laser) and ABR results. Objective. To determine pre- and perioperative factors influencing facial nerve (FN) outcome in vestibular schwannoma (VS) surgery. Material and methods. A total of 424 patients undergoing VS surgery were included in this retrospective study. Patients were divided into two groups according to the existence or absence of a FN palsy during the 8 days following surgery (Groups 1 and 2, respectively). Various parameters were evaluated preoperatively as follows. Quantitative parameters: age; duration of clinical symptoms; pure-tone audiometry (PTA) results; speech reception threshold; speech discrimination score; auditory brainstem response (ABR) results; and transient-evoked otoacoustic emission amplitude. Qualitative parameters: gender; side of the tumor; angle between the tumor and the internal auditory canal (VS/IAC angle) ≤ or > 30°; MRI aspect (n = 269); surgical approach; ease of the surgical procedure, the use or non-use of laser dissection; and the histological Antoni's type of the tumor. Results. Pre- and perioperative factors that differed significantly between Groups 1 and 2 were as follows. Quantitative factors: tinnitus duration was longer and PTA and ABR results were worse in Group 1. Qualitative factors: heterogenous/cystic MRI aspect, use of retrosisgmoid and middle fossa approaches, easy surgical procedure, dissection without laser and Antoni's type A were more frequently found in Groun 1. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor of the cerebellopontine angle; Peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumors are highly malignant small cell neoplasms. A 27-year-old female presented with a 6-month history of right-sided facial pain and progressive weakness of the facial muscles. She had non-pulsative tinnitus, progressive right hearing loss and facial palsy. T2-weighted MRI showed a heterogeneous hyperintense lesion invading the right internal auditory canal. Surgical removal was performed. Pathological examination showed sheets of small cells with irregular nuclei. Immunohistochemical studies demonstrated positive immunoreactiviry for neuron-specific enolase, synaptophysin, chromogranin, vimentin, S-100 protein and p30-32 MIC-2 gene product. The patient was treated with chemotherapy (etoposide, vincristine, adriamycin, ifosfamide and actinomycin D) and radiotherapy. After 65 months of follow-up, the patient presented with cervical metastasis. Radical cervical dissection was performed and the patient was treated with a second course of chemotherapy. At control MRI after 29 months of follow-up the patient showed no signs of local recurrence or distant metastasis. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Characteristics and clinical applications of vestibular-evoked myogenic potentials; A recent technique of assessing vestibular function, the vestibular-evoked myogenic potential (VEMP), is an otolith-mediated, short-latency reflex recorded from averaged sternocleidomastoid electromyography in response to intense auditory clicks delivered via headphones. Since their first description 10 years ago, VEMPs are now being used by investigators worldwide, and characteristic changes observed with aging and in a variety of peripheral and central vestibulopathies have been described. Additional methods of evoking VEMPs, which use air- and bone-conducted short-tone bursts, forehead taps, and short-duration transmastoid direct current (DC) stimulation, have been described, and these complement the original technique. Click-evoked VEMPs are attenuated or absent in a proportion of patients with vestibular neuritis, herpes zoster oticus, late Ménière disease, and vestibular schwannomas; their amplitudes are increased and thresholds are pathologically lowered in superior semicircular canal dehiscence presenting with the Tullio phenomenon. VEMPs evoked by clicks and DC are useful when monitoring the efficacy of intratympanic gentamicin therapy used for chemical vestibular ablation. Prolonged p13 and n23 peak latencies and decreased amplitudes have been observed in association with central vestibulopathy. VEMPs evoked by clicks are a robust, reproducible screening test of otolith function. DC stimulation enables differentiation of labyrinthine from retrolabyrinthine lesions; bone-conducted stimuli permit VEMP recording despite conductive hearing loss and deliver a relatively larger vestibular stimulus for a given level of auditory perception. Copyright © 2005 by AAN Enterprises, Inc.
A case of Ramsay hunt-like syndrome caused by herpes simplex virus type 2; We report an immunocompetent patient with recurrent auricular and facial vesicles associated with painful paresthesias and facial paralysis, consistent with Ramsay Hunt syndrome [1], due to herpes simplex virus (HSV) type 2. Clinical and laboratory-proven acyclovir resistance developed during therapy. Immunologic assays revealed normal reactivity to HSV-2. © 2005 by the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved.
Congenital colesteatoma with facial nerve palsy: Pediatric case; Congenital cholesteatoma is commonly diagnosed through examination of the eardrum for hearing difficulty. We unexpectedly found a congenital cholesteatoma in a boy with acute mastoiditis while performing mastoidectomy. On 15 June 2003, left earache and high fever appeared in a 3-year-old boy. His symptoms did not recover despite oral antibiotic administration at a pediatric clinic. The boy and his mother visited an otorhinolaryngologic clinic on 17 June, where left facial nerve palsy was suspected. On 18 June, because left otorrhea and left facial nerve palsy were rapidly aggravated, the patient was referred to our out-patient clinic of University Hospital as a suspected case of acute mastoiditis. We observed otorrhea, high fever and complete facial nerve palsy at the first examination, and hospitalized him for conservative treatment. The treatment did not improve his facial nerve palsy score of O points on admission. To drain the leakage from affected organs, on 21 June we performed a left mastoidectomy, and found a white mass in the left mastoid. Making the diagnosis of left cholesteatomatous tympanitis, we extirpated the mass, but not totally, because our preoperative explanation did not cover the complications of tympanoplasty. On 7 July, we performed the so-called type-0 tympanoplasty and facial nerve decompression, and made good the previous insufficiency. Thereafter, vital data indicative of inflammation recovered, and the facial nerve palsy score improved through 16 points after the first operation to 18 points after the second operation. The boy lived favorably without recurrence of facial nerve palsy as of 23 October 2003. It is quite difficult to make the diagnosis of congenital cholesteatoma before surgical operation of patients with acute tympanitis combined with acute mastoiditis. In cases of treating infants with acute mastoiditis or tympanitis as reported here, we should be aware of the probability of congenital cholesteatoma.
Protective effect of calcium channel blocker at different dosages on facial nerve injury; Background: There are a lot of researches on the protective action of calcium channel blocker(CCB) on diabetic peripheral neuropathy, but the dosage and the effect on injured nerve need to investigate further in clinical application. Objective: To observe the results of electrophysiologic assessment of the effect of CCB flunarizine at different dosages on Bell's palsy after 1-month treatment. Design: Randomized grouping, blank control and 1-month follow up. Setting: Department of Neurology, First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical University. Participants: Totally 35 patients with Bell's palsy, including 19 males and 16 females aged from 16 to 58 and the mean age of 32.8, were selected from Outpatients of the Department of Neurology, the First Affiliated Hospital to Nanjing Medical University from November 1999 to May 2001. The course of disease was ≤ 3 days. Patients were without any treatment, and all of the facial nerve palsy was complete. According to random samplings, all patients were divided randomly into control group (basic treatment group) with 12 cases and treatment groups with 10 cases in first subgroup and 13 in second subgroup. Methods: Basic treatment: 1 mg/kg per day prednisone (the maximal dosage ≤ 60 mg/day) was taken once every day and reducing dosage by half every 5 days, with a course of therapy for 15 days. 500 μg methycobal was taken orally three times a day and 25 mg fursulthiamine also orally three times a day. Ultrashort wave physiotherapy was taken once a day for 15 days. On the basis of the basic treatment, patients in the first subgroup accepted 5 mg flunarizine once every night, and 10 mg flunarizine once every night was given to the patients in the second subgroup. The latency and amplitude of Blink response were checked before treatment and after 1-month treatment. Main outcome measures: The latency and amplitude of Blink response in every group after 1-month treatment. Results: According to the imagery analysis, 35 patients entered the resulting analysis. Before treatment, the 3 groups of blink responses were all efferential blocking in facioplegic side, and in addition, R1 and R2 all disappeared. After treatment for 1 month, Blink response of R1, R2 appeared. The latency of R1 and R2 in the second treatment group was better than that in control group[(9.608 ± 0.575) ms, (31.869 ± 2.934) ms, (11.208 ± 1.490) ms and (37.583 ± 5.408) ms, P < 0.01], but there were no differences in this respect between the first treatment group and the control group. The ipsilateral amplitudes of Blind response in the three groups were not different after 1-month treatment. Conclusion: After 1-month treatment with flunarizine(10 mg/day), the recovery of facial nerve function can be promoted, but the protective effect of flunarizine(5 mg/day) on peripheral nerve is not superior to that with normal treatment. The mechanism and the proper dosage are not observed further in this study.
Clinical characteristics of patients with ischemic ocular nerve palsies and lacunar brain infarcts: A retrospective comparative study; Background - Ischemic ocular motor nerve palsies (IOMP) and lacunar brain infarcts share a similar pathological mechanism. The clinical characteristics of patients as well as the protective role of aspirin should therefore be similar in both conditions. Methods - The medical records of 107 consecutive patients with IOMP and 160 patients with lacunar cerebrovascular accidents (CVA) were reviewed and analyzed with respect to patient characteristics, vascular risk factors, and aspirin intake. The data on patients with and without aspirin were compared within each group as well as between both groups. Results - Hyperlipidemia, smoking, high carotid stenosis (> 70%) and the presence of more than one vascular risk factor in an individual patient were found to be more common in patients with lacunar brain infarcts regardless of aspirin intake. Absence of vascular risk factors was encountered more in IOMP patients. The recurrence of lacunar CVA was significantly higher than recurrence of IOMP. A history of Bell's palsy was more common in IOMP patients than in patients with lacunar CVA. Within the IOMP group, the prevalence of vascular risk factors did not differ between the aspirin and non-aspirin group. Ischemic heart disease (IHD), CVA and recurrence were found more often in the aspirin group. Within the CVA group hypertension, IHD, cardiac arrhythmia and recurrence rate were more common in the aspirin group whereas smoking was found to be more common in the non-aspirin group of patients. Conclusions - Arteriosclerosis is the main cause of lacunar CVA and IOMP. However, IOMP depends less on the presence of vascular risk factors than does lacunar CVA. Furthermore, aspirin - at least at low doses - does not seem to have a protective effect on either of these conditions, but more extensive prospective studies of homogeneous groups of patients are needed to clarify the preventive role of antiplatelet agents in IOMP. © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005.
Calibration of 6q subtelomere deletions to define genotype/phenotype correlations; Testing for subtelomere abnormalities in patients with idiopathic mental retardation has become a useful diagnostic tool. However, limited data exist regarding genotype/phenotype correlations for specific subtelomere imbalances. We have ascertained five patients with 6q subtelomere deletions either as a result of an isolated deletion or as a result of an unbalanced translocation, and developed a molecular ruler assay utilizing BAC or PAC clones and determined the size of the deleted regions to range from <0.5 to 8 Mb. To establish genotype/phenotype correlations for distal 6q, we compared the clinical features of these patients to previously reported cases of 6q subtelomere and cytogenetically visible deletions and found that they shared multiple abnormalities, suggesting that the causative genes may lie in the region of the smallest 6q subtelomeric deletion, approximately 400 kb from the telomere. However, multiple unique features were present only in patients with cytogenetically visible 6q deletions, indicative that genes involved in the development of these features may lie more proximally on 6q. These initial studies demonstrate the ability to develop genotype/phenotype correlations for subtelomere rearrangements, which will aid in the diagnosis and prognosis of these patients and may help narrow the search for relevant developmental genes. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2005.
Human lyme arthritis and the immunoglobulin G antibody response to the 37-kilodalton arthritis-related protein of Borrelia burgdorferi; In Borrelia burgdorferi-infected C3H-scid mice, antiserum to a differentially expressed, 37-kDa spirochetal outer-surface protein, termed arthritis-related protein (Arp), has been shown to prevent or reduce the severity of arthritis. In this study, we determined the immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibody responses to this spirochetal protein in single serum samples from 124 antibiotic-treated human patients with early or late manifestations of Lyme disease and in serial serum samples from 20 historic, untreated patients who were followed longitudinally from early infection through the period of arthritis. These 20 patients were representative of the spectrum of the severity and duration of Lyme arthritis. Among the 124 antibiotic-treated patients, 53% with culture-proven erythema migrans (EM) had IgG responses to recombinant glutathione S-transferase (GST)-Arp, as did 59% of the patients with facial palsy and 68% of those with Lyme arthritis. In addition, 75 to 80% of the 20 past, untreated patients had reactivity with this protein when EM was present, during initial episodes of joint pain, or during the maximal period of arthritis. There was no association at any of these three time points between GST-Arp antibody levels and the severity of the maximal attack of arthritis or the total duration of arthritis. Thus, after the first several weeks of infection, 60 to 80% of patients had IgG antibody responses to GST-Arp, but this response did not correlate with the severity or duration of Lyme arthritis. Copyright © 2005, American Society for Microbiology. All Rights Reserved.
Insulin-like growth factor-I treatment of growth disorders, diabetes mellitus and insulin resistance; Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) has many potential therapeutic uses because of its varied effects - growth promotion, insulin-like influence on glucose metabolism, and neuroprotection resulting from cell-proliferative and antiapoptotic properties - but they have not been investigated systematically in clinical situations. The growth-promoting effect of recombinant human IGF-I (rhIGF-I) in the extensively studied growth hormone insensitivity syndrome (GHIS; Laron syndrome) signifies an endocrine role for the GH-IGF system. The metabolism of (adult) patients with severe insulin resistance is improved by rhIGF-I, which - together with insulin therapy - also improves metabolic control in type 1 and 2 diabetes. Further studies on IGF-I metabolic effects and growing understanding of the IGF-I-IGF-binding protein system could open new therapeutic avenues. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adverse events of herbal food supplements for body weight reduction: Systematic review; Herbal weight-loss supplements are marketed with claims of effectiveness. Our earlier systematic review identified data from double-blind, randomized controlled trials for a number of herbal supplements. The aim of this systematic review was to assess all clinical evidence of adverse events of herbal food supplements for body weight reduction for which effectiveness data from rigorous clinical trials exist. We assessed Ephedra sinica, Garcinia cambogia, Paullinia cupana, guar gum, Plantago psyllium, Ilex paraguariensis and Pausinystalia yohimbe. Literature searches were conducted on Medline, Embase, Amed and The Cochrane Library. Data were also requested from the spontaneous reporting scheme of the World Health Organization. We hand-searched relevant medical journals and our own files. There were no restrictions regarding the language of publication. The results show that adverse events including hepatic injury and death have been reported with the use of some herbal food supplements. For herbal ephedra and ephedrine-containing food supplements an increased risk of psychiatric, autonomic or gastrointestinal adverse events and heart palpitations has been reported. In conclusion, adverse events are reported for a number of herbal food supplements, which are used for reducing body weight. Although the quality of the data does not justify definitive attribution of causality in most cases, the reported risks are sufficient to shift the risk-benefit balance against the use of most of the reviewed herbal weight-loss supplements. Exceptions are Garcinia cambogia and yerba maté, which merit further investigation. © 2005 The International Association for the Study of Obesity.
Incidental finding of dysgeusia relieved by injections of botulinum toxin A; Objective: We report the unique finding of hemifacial spasm and associated dysgeusia that resolved after treatment with botulinum toxin A (BTX-A). Study Design: Case report. Methods: Three years after undergoing resection of an acoustic neuroma and subsequent resolution of postoperative left-sided facial nerve palsy, a 38-year-old woman presented with new onset of facial spasm and dysgeusia. Results: After three courses of BTX-A injections during a 2-year period, symptoms of both facial spasm and dysgeusia resolved after treatments and returned between treatments. Conclusions: These findings, which have not been reported previously in the literature, indicate a potential role for BTX-A in the treatment of surgically associated dysgeusia. © 2005 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Clinical factors that influence the prognosis of facial nerve paralysis and the magnitudes of influence; Objective: To show the significance of various factors when predicting the outcome of facial nerve paralysis. Design: Retrospective chart review. Setting: Nihon University Itabashi Hospital in Tokyo. Subjects Four hundred sixty-seven patients with facial paralysis who visited the hospital within 14 days of disease onset. Methods: The failure rate of complete recovery was studied for each of these nine factors: sex, age, varicella-zoster virus (VZV) infection as the cause of paralysis, initial severity of paralysis, number of days from onset of paralysis to the beginning of medical treatment, nerve excitability test (NET), stapedial reflex, lacrimal secretion, and severity of facial paralysis 1 month after onset. These factors were analyzed by logistic regression. Results: Logistic regression clarified that age, VZV infection, NET response, loss of stapedial reflex, and the state of paralysis 1 month after the onset had statistical significance for the prognosis of facial paralysis. The poor recovery rate was greater than 50% in the patients who exhibited abnormal responses on NET or failed to attain recovery to grade III or better during the 1-month period after the onset of paralysis. These findings were therefore considered as high risk factors for the prognosis. The poor recovery rate was between 25% and 50% in patients who were 50 years or older or whose initial grading of paralysis was V or worse. These findings were classified as moderate risk factors. Patients with VZV-caused paralysis and loss of stapedial reflex had poor recovery rates of below 25%, and these were classified as low risk factors. Conclusion: It is possible to predict the prognosis of facial paralysis on the basis of several clinical findings. NET response, severe initial paralysis, age 50 years or older, and, as a second-stage factor, severity of facial paralysis 1 month after the onset were found to be especially important factors for predicting the prognosis of facial paralysis. © 2005 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Measurement of upper eyelid implants curvature by ultrasound; Introduction: The implantation of eyelid weights in the upper eyelid for treatment of the lagophthalmos in cases of facial paralysis was described for the first time in 1958 by Illig (lid loading). Whereas in the past, only rigid implants made of gold were used, flexible chains made of platinum are now being used frequently to optimize adaptation to the tarsal plate of the upper eyelid. The first step toward assessing the flexibility of the upper eyelid was to determine sonographically the various tarsal diameters of the upper eyelid in healthy eye subjects when the line of vision is changed. In a second step, patients who had received eyelid implants were examined sonographically both pre- and postoperatively to evaluate the curvature response of the upper eyelid after implantation. Materials and Methods: The diameter of the upper eyelid tarsal plate in 50 healthy eye subjects was sonographically determined using a 7.5 MHz scanner in a noncontact mode with subjects looking straight ahead and in the abduction position. Rigid gold implants were implanted in 23 patients, and flexible platinum chains were implanted in 24 patients to treat lagophthalmos in facial palsy. The implant diameter was also determined by ultrasound using a 7.5 MHz scanner in a noncontact mode with subjects looking straight ahead and in the abduction position. In addition, the respective upper eyelid tarsal diameters of the patients were sonographically determined preoperatively with subjects looking straight ahead and in the abduction position. Results: The diameter of the upper eyelid tarsal plate in healthy eye subjects changes to a degree that is statistically significant (P < .001) when the line of vision is changed. The mean value of the diameter of the upper eyelid tarsal plate when looking straight ahead is 19.3 ± 3.8 mm and in abduction position 30.1 ± 6.3 mm. In the case of the rigid gold implants, the implant radius does not change postoperatively relative to the line of vision, in accordance with expectations. In contrast, in the case of the platinum chains, a statistically significant change (P < .001) in the implant diameter was found when the line of vision is changed, for a median postoperative follow-up period of 8 months. Conclusion: Changes in the upper eyelid tarsal plate diameter, which are dependent on the line of vision, and changes in the implant diameter after lid loading can be precisely represented using a 7.5 MHz scanner in the noncontact mode. The flexibility of the upper eyelid when the line of vision is changed also remains intact over an 8 month follow-up when using platinum chains as implant material and thus potentially serves to reduce postoperative complications as well. © 2005 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
The phenomenon of the late recovered Bell's palsy: Treatment options to improve facial symmetry; Background: Bell's palsy is an idiopathic neuropathy of cranial nerve VII, and the incidence ranges from 15 to 40 per 100,000. The majority of patients recover, but up to 16 percent of patients have significant sequelae. The phenomenon of the "late recovered" Bell's palsy has the following specific features and has not formerly been described: (1) tightening of the facial muscles, with a deepening nasolabial fold and reduced palpebral fissure; (2) blepharospasm; and (3) incomplete recovery of peripheral VIIth nerve branches, with ipsilateral forehead paralysis, reduced depressor anguli oris function, and poor excursion of the angle of the mouth on smiling. Methods: Nonsurgical treatment involved four monthly botulinum toxin injections. Patients had injections to paralyze the ipsilateral orbicularis oculi, contralateral forehead rhytides, and depressor anguli oris and to treat blepharospasm and muscle tightness. The effectiveness of the botulinum toxin injections on facial symmetry and patient appreciation of this were assessed by measuring brow height and teeth exposure before and 3 weeks after injection. Resuites Twenty-three patients were followed up for a mean period of 37 months. The difference in brow height and teeth exposure after injection was less than preinjection measurements, but this did not reach statistical significance. Patient self-assessments showed improvements in their appreciation of the facial symmetry, ability to go out in public, and feelings of self-worth (visual analogue scale). Surgical treatment options include ipsilateral brow lift, division of the contralateral frontal branch, contralateral tarsorrhaphy to equalize the palpebral fissures, and bilateral upper blepharoplasty. Conclusions: The true benefit of botulinum toxin injections was more apparent during facial animation and not when the face was static. The patients greatly appreciated the improvement in facial symmetry. Various treatment options are available to improve the quality of life for patients with late recovered Bell's palsy.
Cortical adaptation to restoration of smiling after free muscle transfer innervated by the nerve to the masseter; Background: The child with Möbius syndrome presenting for facial reanimation presents a difficult challenge. When bilateral paralysis and paresis preclude use of the contralateral facial nerve, the authors' preferred donor nerve for reinnervation of free muscle transfer is a branch of the trigeminal nerve, the ipsilateral nerve to the masseter. Methods: The authors have used a branch of the trigeminal nerve as a donor for three children with Möbius syndrome. Results: Of three children with Möbius syndrome, two are now able to smile independently of jaw closure. One child is now 2.6 years past bilateral free gracilis transfers completed at age 13.2 years. The second child is 8.2 years past free gracilis transfer to the left side of the face performed at age 7.6 years. The third child is 5.6 years past bilateral facial reanimation with free latissimus and free gracilis flaps completed at age 13.4 years. This child is notable to smile independently of jaw closure. The two who are able to smile independently of jaw closure demonstrated maximum excursion of the lateral commissure on the affected sides when asked to smile without biting; however, they demonstrated minimal excursion of the lateral commissure on the affected sides when asked to bite without trying to smile. Conclusions: These findings indicate that smiling independently of jaw closure is attainable with reanimation to the masseteric branch, refuting previous speculations. Early age at operation and absence of complete bilateral paralysis in these two children may have contributed to cortical adaptation to smiling.
Facial paralysis and surgical rehabilitation: A quality of life analysis in a cohort of 1,595 patients after acoustic neuroma surgery; Objectives: On the basis of survey results of the Acoustic Neuroma Association, we report patient ratings of facial dysfunction and outcomes for various facial rehabilitative therapies after surgical treatment of acoustic neuroma (AN). We assessed patients' perceived quality of life (QOL) and reviewed the literature regarding facial dysfunction and its management associated with AN. Study Design: The Acoustic Neuroma Association mailed a detailed questionnaire to 2,372 members to identify preoperative and postoperative symptoms, complications, and longterm effects on physical and psychosocial function. A cohort of 1,595 (82.2%) respondents who underwent surgical treatment of ANs reported their experiences with facial dysfunction. Patients: Of all 1,940 survey respondents, 1,682 of 1,875 that had ANs underwent surgical treatment. The study included 1,595 patients with ANs (82.2% of all respondents) who underwent surgical treatment by way of the translabyrinthine, suboccipital, or middle fossa approaches and excluded 87 respondents who did not report the type of surgical approach. Methods: Respondents answered questions intended to qualify and quantify the degree that facial dysfunction impacted QOL parameters. Responses were analyzed for tumor size, surgical approach, patient age, and sex. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software. Results: In our analysis, 11 % of all respondents experienced some degree of preoperative facial weakness or eye problems. Of all respondents, 45.5% (725 patients) experienced worsened facial weakness caused by surgery, and of these, 72% reported that it was permanent. The most commonly used successful therapy for facial reanimation for 271 (19.6%) patients was placement of a gold weight. The factor most often associated with poor outcome was a large tumor. Of all respondents, 28% felt significantly affected by facial weakness, 63% felt their smile was symmetric, and 70% were content "quite a bit" or "very much" with their QOL. Conclusions: In this large cohort study of AN patients, facial dysfunction was a significant morbidity. Physicians should be aware of the risk factors identified, specifically large tumor size and the impact facial dysfunction has on QOL, when counseling patients regarding optimal management of AN. © 2005, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Vertebral artery aneurysm causing contralateral cerebellopontine angle mass effect; Objective: A vertebral artery aneurysm mimicking a contralateral cerebellopontine angle tumor is described. This is only the second reported case of this in the literature. Study Design: Case report. Setting: Radcliffe Infirmary, Oxford, United Kingdom. Patient: Seventy-year-old female patient who presented with a gradually deteriorating right-sided sensorineural hearing loss and a right facial palsy. Interventions: Magnetic resonance imaging scan and computed tomography angiography with three-dimensional reconstruction followed-up by endovascular coiling of a vertebral artery aneurysm. Main Outcome Measure: Deterioration in neurologic status. Results: Satisfactory recovery, and at 3 months, the patient is well with no deterioration in facial nerve function. Conclusion: Imaging by means of computed tomography angiography complements the standard magnetic resonance imaging scan in the rare event of an aneurysm at the cerebellopontine angle. Endovascular coiling occlusion is a recognized and effective way of managing intracranial aneurysms at the cerebellopontine angle. © 2005, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Spermatic cord torsion in the neonate: A false negative by sonography; Multiple challenges are encountered in the evaluation and treatment of spermatic cord torsion in the neonate, including confident evaluation and treatment. The authors report a full-term male presenting with multiple birth-related injuries, including suspected torsion of the spermatic cord, at 22 hours of life. Diagnostic Doppler sonography study was normal. This case is an example in which a high clinical index of suspicion, despite a reassuring sonographic examination, guided the appropriate therapy for salvaging a viable testicle with torsion of the spermatic cord.
The temporalis muscle transfer for correcting the lagophthalmos in facial nerve palsy; The correction of lagophthalmos is an urgent problem in facial nerve palsy. This deformity often develops keratitis and ulceration of the cornea, and may lead to blindness. A passive, circumorbital sling of fascia lata is a useful method of correcting lower lid deformity. However, lagophthalmos is not only due to the drooping of the lower eyelid but also to the overaction of the upper eyelid caused by the absence of the levator muscle antagonist. Reconstruction of the levator muscle antagonist is accomplished using a temporalis transfer. It is one of the most useful methods of correcting both lower and upper eyelid deformities. The absence of mimetic muscles resulting from long-standing atrophy was thought to be the best indication of regional muscle transposition. When facial nerves are injured due to parotid cancer resection, we usually repair them using autogenous nerve grafting. If the nerves are repaired, lagophthalmos typically afflicts elderly patients for over six months. Corneal trauma may develop in this period. Therefore, we sometimes use a temporalis transfer in combination with nerve repair just after the resection of parotid cancer involving the facial nerves.
Otitis media in children; Otitis media is the term used for a group of conditions characterized by inflammation of the middle-ear cleft. These conditions are particularly common in children where they present important diagnostic and therapeutic dilemmas.
Typical facial neuralgias; Neuralgia denotes a sharp, shooting, lancinating pain that is momentary but characteristically recurs. It may be precipitated by touch to a sensitive area ("trigger zone"), or may occur spontaneously. Cranial neuralgias are commonly distinct in two groups: typical neuralgias and atypical facial pain. Unlike headache syndromes, which are mediated centrally, neuralgias are more characteristic of peripheral nerve localisation. Neuralgias may follow nerve trauma, herpes zoster infections or may arise spontaneously. The management of this group of painful conditions is complicated by the area of the body involved and the interaction of organic and psychological factors. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2005.
Facial pain in children and adolescents; Facial pain is a debilitating disorder if left untreated. It has been suggested that the most commonly undiagnosed facial pain conditions include neuropathic and myofascial pains because their pathophysiologies are not well understood. Facial neuralgias are otherwise rare in children. They are not acknowledged in most paediatric tests, there are few published reports on them, and glossopharyngeal neuralgia (GPN) has not been described in children. Some of the most common forms of facial pain will be considered and some considerations concerning the problem of atypical facial pain in young age and its treatment will be discussed. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2005.
Bilateral upper eyelid edema in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an uncommon disorder characterized by a triad of facial nerve palsy, orofacial edema, and fissured tongue. A 42-year-old woman with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome presented with painless, nonpitting, bilateral asymmetric upper eyelid edema. The left eyelid was a bit larger than the right eyelid. CT and MRI demonstrated periorbital soft tissue thickening compatible with the microscopic findings of infiltration of lymphocytes, edema, and cystic dilatation of lymphatic vessels. After treatment by systemic doxycycline and corticosteroid, she showed some improvement of the eyelid edema. Isolated bilateral eyelids swelling may be observed in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. In the case of unexplained nonpitting eyelid edema, biopsy should be performed.
Postinfectious myasthenia gravis: Report of two children; We report two children with transient myasthenia gravis preceded by viral illnesses. The first is a 5-year-old boy who developed oculobulbar weakness 2 weeks following a varicella-zoster infection. The second is a 4-year-old boy who developed facial diplegia, and dysarthria several weeks following a viral pharyngitis. Myasthenia gravis was diagnosed based on the substantial decremental changes on 3 Hz repetitive motor nerve stimulation studies for the first child and on the positive edrophonium test and complete improvement in symptoms during pyridostigmine therapy for both children. In both cases, the symptoms gradually resolved and have not recurred following discontinuation of pyridostigmine. Molecular mimicry between the acetylcholine receptor and viral proteins might provide the nidus for the immune response in this variant of myasthenia gravis.
Facial nerve palsy with acute otitis media during the first 2 weeks of life; A full-term male newborn presented to us at the age of 2 weeks with left facial weakness that had started at the age of 4 days and steadily progressed over a 10-day period. Physical examination revealed a complete unilateral left peripheral facial nerve paralysis, with an erythematous dull and bulging left tympanic membrane. Computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging were normal. The patient underwent left myringotomy and placement of a pneumatic equalization tube within 24 hours of presentation. He also received a 5-day course of prednisone and a 2-week course of antibiotics and acyclovir. Improvement of the facial paralysis was rapid, with near-complete resolution at the time of discharge home and complete resolution 6 weeks later. To our knowledge, this is the only reported case of acute otitis media with associated facial nerve palsy in a newborn during the first 2 weeks of life.
Clofazimine as elective treatment for granulomatous cheilitis.; Cheilitis granulomatosa (CG) is a rare, idiopathic inflammatory disorder that usually affects young adults and clinically is characterized by diffuse, non-tender, soft to firm swelling of one or both lips. A variant of granulomatous cheilitis is Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome when associated with facial paralysis and furrowed tongue. Several treatments have been used with variable success. We report 3 cases of GC treated with oral clofazimine 100 to 200 mg daily for 3 to 6 months obtaining regression of lesions in all treated cases. Hyperpigmentation and elevation of liver enzymes were observed as side effects.
Carcinomatous meningitis arising from primary nasopharyngeal carcinoma; Carcinomatous meningitis, also known as leptomeningeal metastasis and meningeal carcinomatosis, is the invasion of neoplastic cells into the leptomeninges. Head and neck cancers, especially nasopharyngeal carcinoma, give rise to carcinomatous meningitis very infrequently. In this case report, we present a rare case of carcinomatous meningitis with nasopharyngeal carcinoma as the primary source. In 1987, a 45-year-old white female presented with a few year history of chronic bilateral serous otitis media. She also complained of intermittent diplopia, right facial pain, right-sided headache, and, finally, right facial palsy. The patient was subsequently diagnosed with nasopharyngeal carcinoma by biopsy and treated with radiation as well as chemotherapy. Her neurological symptoms improved, and she did fairly well for several years. However, various neurologic symptoms started to recur, including right facial weakness, right facial numbness in the distribution of all 3 divisions of cranial nerve (CN) V, loss of taste as well as smell, and diplopia. In 1993, magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head revealed recurrence of nasopharyngeal carcinoma with involvement of the ethmoid sinuses as well as extension of the tumor into the frontotemporal leptomeninges. Over the course of the next 3 years, the patient experienced a very gradual decline with involvement of almost all of the CNs (CN I, II, III, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, XII). This case report of carcinomatous meningitis from primary nasopharyngeal carcinoma is one of the few reported in the literature. Although very rare, nasopharyngeal carcinoma can give rise to carcinomatous meningitis, probably by direct invasion of malignant cells. We also review the literature with respect to the diagnosis and treatment of carcinomatosis meningitis. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A study on outcome and mechanism of surgical treatment for Tourette's syndrome; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of unilateral pallidotomy in treating Tourette syndrome (TS). The therapeutic electrophysiological mechanism of pallidotomy was analyzed according to the properties of GPi cells in TS. METHODS: Twenty-two patients underwent microelectrode-guided unilateral pallidotomy. All patients referred to surgery were previously failed with multiple non-surgical methods (psychopharmacological and behavioural therapy). Pre- and postoperative tic severities were rated by the Yale global tic severity scale (YGTSS). With the microelectrode recording technique, the properties of GPi cells in 6 patients were recorded and analyzed. RESULTS: (1) Postoperative scores of motor tics, phonic tics, overall impairment rating and global severity in YGTSS were significantly decreased (P < 0.01). The amelioration of phonic tics was less than motor tics. The follow-up data at 12 months revealed a stable efficacy. Five cases experienced transient complications included drowsiness, intracranial pneumatocele, incontinence, diplopia and slightly facial palsy after pallidotomy, there were no permanent complications such as death, intracranial, hematoma hemiplegia and visual field defect. (2) The discharge rates of GPi neurons ranged from 20 to 156 Hz, the discharge patterns include regular, irregularly bursting and clustering mode. The synchronizations of neuronal discharge in GPi with the activities of contralateral limbs were observed also by electromyogram recorded at the same term. CONCLUSIONS: (1) Pallidotomy is proven to be a safe and effective method to treat TS, it provides a significant immediate and short term reduction of tic severity in intractable Tourette' syndrome. The long term effect of pallidotomy is confirmed also. Pallidotomy is applied to those patients with high tics scores, severe self-injured behaviors or fail to medicine treatment. (2) The low discharge rate, abnormal firing pattern and synchronized neuron are the properties of GPi neurons in TS, and maybe the pathophysiological basement of tics. Eliminated the neurons with abnormal activity in GPi, and decreased the activity of CSTC circuits maybe the therapeutic mechanism of pallidotomy.
Mime functional evaluation in facial paralysis following a stroke; BACKGROUND: Functional evaluation of the facial movements in patients with facial paralysis following a stroke. AIM: To evaluate the function of the facial muscles of patients after central facial paralysis following a stroke. METHOD: Nine patients referred by the Neurology Service were evaluated. The evaluation focused on spontaneous, voluntary and reflex movements. RESULTS: Reflex and voluntary movement of the eyelid and forehead were preserved in all patients. However, spontaneous and voluntary movements of the lips and nose were limited according to the location and extension of lesion. CONCLUSION: The symptoms of central facial paralysis, in which paralysis only of voluntary movements of the lower two-thirds of the face is expected, occurred in the minority of the patients.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Relate of two cases and review; Authors present two classic cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, a rare disorder of unknown aetiology characterized by macrocheilia, peripheral facial palsy and lingua plicata. The role of this article is to demonstrate the clinical aspect, discuss the differential diagnosis and review the options of treatments.
Cancer of the parotid gland; Objective: To review our experience and results in the diagnosis and treatment of a low incidence pathology such as the cancer of the parotid gland. Methods: The study reviewed 40 patients with malignant tumors of the parotid gland treated between 1991 and 2002 in our hospital. It was used the staging system TNM (American Joint Committee on Cancer 1997). Results: The most common histological type in our series is the squamous cell carcinoma, in general unilateral and in the superficial lobe. Rapid tumor enlargement, fixation to the skin, cervical lymphadenopathy, pain and facial palsy are malignancy clinical findings. We obtained a 56% 5-year global survival rate, with a 68% for stages I and II, and 43% for stages III and IV. Conclusions: This pathology has a low incidence but high mortality. The staging and histological type are important prognostic factors. The surgery is the election treatment, associated with neck disection or radiotherapy.
Clinical observation on relation of different therapeutic methods with prognosis of acute idiopathetic facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To find the optimal therapeutic program for treatment of acute idiopathetic facial paralysis.
Clinical observation on electroacupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis at different stages; OBJECTIVE: To probe into the optimal opportunity of electroacupuncture for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis.
Modulation of GABA receptor subunits in rat facial motoneurons after axotomy; Facial nerve axotomy is a good model for studying neuronal plasticity and regeneration in the peripheral nervous system. In the present study, we investigated the effect of axotomy on the different subunits of GABAA and GABAB receptors of facial motoneurons. The facial nerve trunk was unilaterally sectioned and operated rats were sacrificed at 1, 3, 8, 30, and 60 days later. mRNAs coding for α1, β2, and γ2 of GABA A receptors and for GABA1B and GABAB2 receptors were down-regulated by axotomy. This decrease began as soon as 1 or 3 days after axotomy, and the minimum was 8 days post-lesion; the mRNA levels remained lower than normal at day post-lesion 60. The abundance of mRNAs coding for the three other α2, β1, and β3 facial subunits of GABAA receptors and for the pre-synaptic GABAB1A subunit remained unchanged during the period 1-8 days post-lesion. Immunohistochemistry using specific antibodies against α1, γ2 subunits of GABAA and against GABAB2 subunits confirmed this down-regulation. Colchicine treatment and blockade of action potential by tetrodotoxin significantly decreased GABAAα1 immunoreactivity in the axotomized facial nucleus after 7 days. Finally, muscle destruction by cardiotoxin or facial palsy induced by botulinum toxin failed to change GABAAα1 subunit expression. Our data demonstrate that axotomy strongly reduced the amounts of α1, β2, and γ2 subunits of GABAA receptors and B1B and B2 subunits of GABAB receptors in the axotomized facial motoneurons. The loss of GABAAα1 subunit was most probably induced by both the loss of trophic factors transported from the periphery and a positive injury signal. It also seems to be dependent on activity disruption. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Surgical considerations in cochlear implantation in children and adults: A review of 342 cases in Vienna; Conclusions. Our data represent the experience of the largest cochlear implant program in Austria. In conclusion, cochlear implantation is a safe procedure, associated with a low rate of intra- and postoperative complications. Nevertheless, patients should be informed about possible problems and especially about the risk of a reoperation due to device failure. Objectives. To evaluate the cause of deafness, the intraoperative findings and the complication rate for all cochlear implant operations performed consecutively between 1994 and 2003 at Vienna General Hospital. Material and methods. Including all surgeries for bilateral implantation and revision, a series of 342 operations performed on 164 adults (age range 14.5-81 years; mean age 50.79 years) and 128 children (age range 0.75-14 years; mean age 5.00 years) was retrospectively analyzed. Results. The etiology of deafness was predominantly congenital or progressive (66.89%). The routine mastoidectomy approach was chosen in 300 patients (87.72%) and the suprameatal approach in 42 (12.28%). Intraoperatively, 4 children (2.53%) had a cerebrospinal fluid fistula and 35 patients (10.23%) showed cochlear ossification. Three adults (1.63%) and two children (1.27%) had facial nerves with an aberrant course. The overall complication rate was 12.2%, the rate of major complications was 4.97% and the rate of minor complications was 4.09%. There were no cases of either postoperative meningitis or facial nerve palsy. Both flap necrosis and electrode dislocation occurred in one adult patient (0.54%), but in none of the children. Formation of cholesteatoma was found in one adult (0.54%) and one child (0.63%). The rate of device failure was 7.07% for adults and 13.92% for children. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Peripheral facial nerve paralysis caused by a primary adenocarcinoma of the middle ear; Bell's palsy is the most common cause of peripheral facial nerve paralysis. However, it is a diagnosis of exclusion, and other causes of facial nerve paralysis should be ruled out. A case report is presented of a patient with facial nerve paralysis caused by a primary adenocarcinoma of the middle ear. Delay in diagnosis and treatment in such cases may result in increased rates of mortality and morbidity. Therefore, acute facial nerve paralysis mimicking Bell's palsy which fails to resolve should lead to further examination and re-evaluation of the diagnosis.
Gonadal steroid attenuation of developing hamster facial motoneuron loss by axotomy: Equal efficacy of testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, and 17-β estradiol; In the hamster facial nerve injury paradigm, we have established that androgens enhance both functional recovery from facial nerve paralysis and the rate of regeneration in the adult, through intrinsic effects on the nerve cell body response to injury and via an androgen receptor (AR)-mediated mechanism. Whether these therapeutic effects of gonadal steroids encompass neuroprotection from axotomy-induced cell death is the focus of the present study. Virtually 100% of adult hamster facial motoneurons (FMNs) survive axotomy at the stylomastoid foramen (SMF), whereas, before postnatal day 15 (P15), developing FMNs undergo substantial axotomy-induced cell death. The first part of the present study focuses on determining when ARs are first expressed in developing hamster FMNs. Using AR immunocytochemistry, it was found that males express ARs by P2 and females by P4, which is the earliest demonstration of AR expression in mammalian motoneurons reported thus far in the literature. The second half examines the neuroprotective effects of testosterone propionate, 17-β estradiol, and dihydrotestosterone on FMNs of P7 hamsters after facial nerve transection at the SMF. The results demonstrate that androgens and estrogens are equally able to rescue ∼20% of FMNs from axotomy-induced cell death, with the effects permanent. This study is the first to investigate the effects of both androgens and estrogens on axotomy-induced cell death in one system and, with our previously published work, to validate the hamster FMN injury paradigm as a model of choice in the investigation of both neurotherapeutic and neuroprotective actions of gonadal steroids. Copyright © 2005 Society for Neuroscience.
Effects of drugs on the fetus; Most drugs are not labelled for use in pregnancy. Consequently, large numbers of women expose their fetus to potential risks, either because they do not know that they are pregnant or because they require treatment for gestational pathologies. The present review focuses on drug classes for which the risk:benefit ratio during pregnancy has been discussed recently based on human data. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have gained wide acceptance in the treatment of depression and data on their risk for neonatal adaptation after late exposure are reviewed. Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin II receptors antagonists interact with the renin-angiotensin system, although with different mechanisms, and might cause severe fetal tubular dysgenesis. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory and antiviral drugs and recreational drugs are also presented. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment of facial lipoatrophy with intradermal injections of polylactic acid in HIV-infected patients; Background: This study assessed the safety and efficacy of intradermal injections of polylactic acid (PLA) in patients with facial lipoatrophy under antiretroviral therapy. Methods: In a prospective open-label study, PLA was injected in both cheeks every 2 weeks. The primary efficacy endpoint was the patient's self-perception of improvement as assessed by a visual analogue scale (VAS). Secondary endpoints included 3-dimensional photographs (3DP) to measure dermal thickness, quality of life (QoL) scores, and adverse events. Results: Ninety-four patients received a median of 5 sets of injection in both cheeks. Median age was 43 years, and median CD4 cell count was 500/mm3. Median VAS score significantly increased from 3.4/10 at baseline to 6.8/10 at the end of the treatment procedure and was sustained at 7/10 at the end of follow-up (P < 0.0001 vs. baseline). Median dermal thickness increase was 2.3 mm at the end of follow-up. QoL scores remained unchanged. Seventeen patients needed further injections of PLA during a median follow-up of 12 months. Injections were well tolerated with only 1 serious adverse event (anaphylactic reaction) that necessitated treatment interruption. Conclusions: Injections of PLA improved patients' self-perception of facial lipoatrophy, with a good safety profile. The benefit of the procedure, however, decreased with time. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A diagnostic approach for the child with hypertension; Hypertension during childhood is not rare, with an estimated prevalence of between 1% and 2%, although it is often an underrecognized clinical entity. Elevated blood pressure may be a sign of underlying disease or it may represent early onset of essential hypertension. In recent years the measurement of blood pressure has been emphasized as an important component of the routine pediatric physical examination that enables early detection of children with hypertension. In the evaluation of the child with documented blood pressure elevation, confirmation of truly and persistently elevated blood pressure is of the utmost importance. In addition, a thorough history and a full clinical examination are essential. These are followed by appropriate investigations, which are tailored to the age of the child and to the severity of the blood pressure elevation. Investigations should not only focus on a search for the underlying cause, but also on establishing effects on target organs, complications or additional diseases and on assessment of the total cardiovascular risk to the individual patient. An algorithm, which is a valuable diagnostic tool for the diagnosis and management of the child with hypertension, is presented. All children with confirmed hypertension need long-term follow-up, counseling and treatment. In those cases where an underlying cause of the hypertension is detected, the established diagnosis then determines the specific therapy and management. © IPNA 2005.
Poland-Möbius syndrome and cocaine abuse: A relook at vascular etiology; This report presents a severe case of Poland-Möbius syndrome with central apnea at birth, ventilator-dependent, and with brainstem calcifications. The newborn had unilateral defect of the right pectoralis muscle, breast, and limb. He manifested bilateral paralysis of the cranial nerves resulting in shallow respiration, apnea, and dysphagia. He finally required tracheostomy and gastrostomy. Maternal history revealed multiple uses of cocaine during the first 3 months of pregnancy. The patient supports the Poland-Möbius combination and the possibility of vascular disruption sequence. © 2005 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Local excision procedure for Warthin's tumor of the parotid gland; The aim of this work is to establish a local excision procedure (LEP) and indications of this procedure for Warthin's tumor. Seventy-three patients (82 sides) with Warthin's tumor were studied. Point I was located 1 cm from the intertragal notch in the direction indicated by the notch. Point S was located 5 mm superior to the inferior end of the mandibular angle. The trunk of the facial nerve and the marginal mandibular branch run at the points I and S, respectively. In surgical maneuvers below the I-S line, the marginal mandibular and colli branches may exist within the surgical field, but the trunk and other peripheral branches of the facial nerve will not be encountered. For Warthin's tumor estimated to be below the I-S line (Group A), LEP was used, involving resection of the tumor after locating and dissecting the marginal mandibular and colli branches. For tumors not meeting these criteria (Group B), partial superficial parotidectomy was performed. Results indicated that mean volume of hemorrhage was significantly smaller, and that mean operation time was significantly shorter in Group A than in Group B. Conversely, no significant difference in tumor size or incidence of postoperative facial paresis was identified between the 2 groups. Recurrence has not yet been noted in either group. In conclusion, LEP is useful for Warthin's tumor below the I-S line. This procedure seems applicable not only to Warthin's tumors, but also to other benign parotid tumors in the surgical field below the I-S line, such as pleomorphic adenoma and lymphoepithelial cyst. Copyright © 2005 by the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc.
Nuclear bilateral Bell's palsy and ageusia associated with Mycoplasma pneumoniae pulmonary infection; This case report describes a case of nuclear bilateral Bell's palsy and ageusia associated with Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection. Magnetic resonance imaging evidenced T2-weighted hyper-intense protuberantial lesions. Such topography leading to a nuclear palsy contrasts with previously reported infectious diplegia involving only peripheral facial nerves, and has not yet been described in the spectrum of M. pneumoniae post-infectious neurological manifestations. © 2005 SGM.
Bilateral abducent and facial nerve palsies following fourth ventricle shunting: Two case reports; Case reports: Treatment of isolated fourth ventricle syndrome is difficult and there is no widely agreed method. Fourth ventriculo-peritoneal shunting is the most commonly utilized procedure for the management of this syndrome. Complications from shunting are common and are usually related to malfunction, infection, dislocation and overdrainage. We present two unusual cases in which both patients developed bilateral abducens and facial nerve palsies following shunting of an isolated fourth ventricle. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in both cases revealed collapse of the fourth ventricles with downward displacement of the brain stem. In the first case the trans-tentorial pressure difference was equilibrated with the aid of a "Y" connector between the supratentorial and infratentorial shunts, with full recovery of the neurological deficits; in the second case this approach failed and following a complicated neurosurgical course successful endoscopic aqueductal stenting was performed. Discussion: Pathogenesis of cranial nerve palsies following fourth ventricle shunting and the rationale of treatment are discussed and the literature is reviewed. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Technology evaluation: Cintredekin besudotox, NeoPharm/Nippon; NeoPharm Inc, under license from the National Institutes of Health and the FDA, and in collaboration with the Japanese licensee Nippon Kayaku Co Ltd, is developing cintredekin besudotox, a chimeric human IL-13 conjugated to a genetically engineered Pseudomonas exotoxin molecule, as a potential antitumor agent. This agent is currently undergoing phase III clinical trials © The Thomson Corporation.
SomatoKine: Is there a use in treating growth disorders?; Growth hormone (GH) has been used to treat GH deficiency since the late 1950s, and recombinant GH has been available since 1985. GH is also approved to treat non-GH-deficient short stature, such as that seen in Turner syndrome, chronic renal insufficiency, Prader-Willi syndrome, children who are small for gestational age, and idiopathic short stature. There has been interest in using recombinant insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) to treat short stature, either alone or in combination with its binding protein, IGF binding protein (IGFBP) -3 (SomatoKine). IGF-I increases growth velocity in children with IGF deficiency, either as a result of growth hormone insensitivity syndrome (GHIS) or IGF-I gene deletion. However, there have been adverse events, particularly hypoglycemia, reported with administration of unbound IGF-I. In addition, the serum half-life of unbound IGF-I is shorter when administered to patients with GHIS, who have low serum concentrations of its primary binding protein IGFBP-3 than when administered to healthy individuals or to patients with an IGF-I gene deletion (who have normal levels of IGFBP-3). SomatoKine was developed to prolong the half-life and to counteract acute adverse events (particularly hypoglycemia) associated with IGF-I administration. SomatoKine appears to have a longer half-life in patients with GHIS than unbound IGF-I and fewer adverse events (including hypoglycemia) have been reported when administered to patients with diabetes. © The Thomson Corporation.
Corticonuclear innervation to facial muscles in normal controls and in patients with central facial paresis; Recently it has been proposed that corticobulbar innervation of the lower facial muscles is bilateral, that is from both right and left sides of the motor cortex. The objectives of this study were, i) to evaluate the corticonuclear descending fibers to the perioral muscles and, ii) to determine how central facial palsy (CFP) occurs and often recovers rapidly following a stroke. Eighteen healthy volunteers and 28 patients with a previous history of a stroke and CFP (mean ages: 51 and 61 years) were investigated by TMS (transcranial magnetic stimulation) with a figure of eight coil. Intracranial facial nerve and cortical motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were recorded from the perioral muscles. The periorbital MEPs were also studied. The absence of MEPs in both perioral muscles with TMS of the affected hemisphere was the most obvious abnormality. Also, central conduction time was significantly prolonged in the remaining patients. The mean amplitude of the affected hemisphere MEPs was diminished. The amplitudes of the unaffected hemisphere MEPs recorded from the intact side were enhanced especially in the first week following the stroke. During TMS, only the blink reflexes were elicited from the periorbital muscles due to stimulus spreading to trigeminal afferent nerve fibers. It is concluded that perioral muscles are innervated by the corticobulbar tract bilaterally. CFP caused by a stroke is generally incomplete and mild because of the ipsilateral cortical and multiple innervations out of the infarction area, and recovers fast through cortical reorganisation.
When your patient has acute facial paralysis.; Learn to distinguish between Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
A case of brainstem encephalitis caused by herpes simplex virus type 1 with possible infection via trigeminal nerve; A 24-year-old man was admitted to our hospital because of consciousness disturbance, a stiff neck and various brainstem symptoms including a right one-and-a-half syndrome and right peripheral facial palsy a week after an episode of pharyngitis and right facial herpes simplex. Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain on admission showed high-signal intensities in the right pontine tegmentum, right cerebellar peduncle and vermis on fluid-attenuated inversion recovery imaging. Examination of cerebrospinal fluid yielded mononuclear pleocytosis, elevated protein and increased IgM antibodies to herpes simplex virus (HSV) by enzyme immunoassay. HSV-1 specific antibodies also were detected in serum by neutralization test. We gave a diagnosis of brainstem encephalitis caused by HSV-1. The patient was successfully treated with high dose of acyclovir, steroid and intravenous immunoglobulin. He was discharged without any neurologic sequelae. We herein presented a case of atypical encephalitis due to HSV-1 involving mainly the brainstem with possible infection via right trigeminal nerve and summarized recent 35 cases with herpetic brainstem encephalitis since 1990.
Temporalis muscle-galea pedicled flap for reconstruction of longstanding facial paralysis; Reanimation of longstanding facial paralysis is a difficult clinical problem commonly tackled with the method of pedicled muscle flap transfer. The temporalis muscle has been the most popular. In the past one common problem was that the flap was not long enough to reach parts of the face distant from the affected area. To overcome this disadvantage, we have devised a flap consisting of the pedicled temporalis muscle, temporal fascia and galea together and have achieved good static results in paralyzed faces. From June, 1996 to May, 2003, we used this procedure with 38 longstanding facial paralysis patients (16 male and 22 female); 23 had right-sided and 15 had left-sided facial paralysis. The patients were followed-up over three years. Our results were recorded as "Excellent", "Good", "Fair" or "Poor". Excellent or good results were obtained in 33 patients (87%). In these patients, the static results are very good. The oral commissure on the affected side maintained a favorable position and almost complete symmetry of expression was attained. We have acheived dynamic reconstruction by using a temporalis muscle-galea pedicled flap in 38 longstanding facial paralysis patients. Our results show that this is a good option in treating such patients.
Pregnancy, patent foramen ovale and stroke: A case of pseudoperipheral facial palsy; The pathogenetic role of patent foramen ovale (PFO) in embolic stroke and its prognostic and therapeutic implications have not yet been clearly defined. Nonetheless, recent availability of non-invasive diagnostic techniques, such as the transcranial Doppler (TCD), has increased the frequency with which this anomaly is diagnosed. Here we present the case of a young woman affected by post-partum peripheral facial palsy: further exams disclosed not only its truncal-ischaemic origin, but also, significantly, the presence of PFO, as well as of anticardiolipin antibodies (acL). Given the increased embolic risk in labouring women, this study highlights the importance of searching for PFO in case of a stroke during pregnancy. © Springer-Verlag Italia 2005.
Guillain-Barré syndrome: Unusual presentation with facial paralysis; We present two patients with Guillain-Barré syndrome. They were admitted at the hospital with facial paralysis, an uncommon form of presentation. The diagnosis was confirmed by electrophysiologic study. The treatment administrated was plasmapheresis and intravenous immune-globulin, and the two patients had significant improvement.
24-Hour intraocular pressures with brimonidine purite versus dorzolamide added to latanoprost in primary open-angle glaucoma subjects; Objective: To evaluate the 24-hour efficacy of brimonidine purite versus dorzolamide, each added to latanoprost. Design: Double-masked, 2-center, prospective, crossover comparison. Participants: Primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) subjects. Methods: Subjects were randomized to brimonidine purite or dorzolamide, each given twice daily, for the first 6-week treatment period after a 6-week latanoprost run-in. Subjects began the opposite treatment for the second 6-week period after a 6-week latanoprost-only treatment between periods. Intraocular pressure (IOP) was measured at 8 am, 12 pm, 4 pm, 8 pm, 12 am, 4 am, and 8 am at each baseline and at the end of each treatment period. This study provided an 80% power that a 1.5-mmHg difference could be excluded between groups if 27 subjects completed the study. A standard deviation (SD) of 2.8 mmHg was assumed. Main Outcome Measures: Twenty-four-hour efficacy of intraocular pressures of brimonidine purite versus dorzolamide, each added to latanoprost. Results: In 31 completed subjects, the baseline mean diurnal 24-hour IOP (± SD) was 19.0±1.7 mmHg for brimonidine purite and 19.0±1.6 mmHg for dorzolamide (P = 0.52). The 8 am IOP after 6 weeks of therapy was 18.4±2.1 mmHg for brimonidine purite and 18.9±1.9 mmHg for dorzolamide (P = 0.40). The mean diurnal IOP was 16.9±1.5 mmHg for brimonidine purite and 16.8±1.5 mmHg for dorzolamide (P = 0.66). Dorzolamide caused a more bitter taste (P = 0.01) than brimonidine purite. Conclusions: This study suggests that brimonidine purite and dorzolamide, added to latanoprost, have similar efficacy and safety in POAG or ocular hypertensive subjects. © 2005 by the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
Endodermal cyst anterior and anterolateral to the brainstem. A report of an experience with seven cases; We report our experience with seven cases of endodermal cysts located anterior and anterolateral to the brainstem. The ages of the patients ranged from 10 to 35 years. There were three males and four females. The cysts had characteristic imaging features, and contained fluid having a 'greenish-yellow pus-like' hue and consistency varied from thin watery fluid to colloid gel like material. The capsule of the tumour was relatively thin. A radical resection of the cyst contents was done in all cases. Because of the thin nature of capsule, wide extensions and intimate relationship with critical nerves and vessels, complete resection of the cyst wall was possible only in one case, whilst in others the wall was partially resected. All patients showed a rapid symptomatic and neurological recovery. During the average follow-up period of 53 months, there has been no recurrence in the cyst and all patients are leading normal lives. In this presentation, the clinical and radiological features and surgical management of endodermal cysts are discussed and the relevant literature is briefly reviewed. It appears that evacuation of the cyst contents and partial resection of the cyst wall could be a safe treatment option in these cases. © The Neurosurgical Foundation.
Misdiagnosis analysis of Wegener's granulomatosis in otorhinolaryngology; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the early clinical features and development of Wegener's granulomatosis (WG), and to reduce the rate of misdiagnosis. Method: Retrospective analysis of 32 WG patients who consulted in otorhinolaryngology department primarily was carried out. RESULT: Among 32 cases, twenty-seven had been misdiagnosised (84%). Most of the cases were misdiagnosised as inflammation of otorhinolaryngology. CONCLUSION: Many cases of WG were consulted at otorhinolaryngology doctors primarily. Otolaryngological presentation may be as rhinitis, otitis media, facial palsy or laryngeal obstruction and so on. Patients with these presentations not responding to the standard treatment should be further investigated for a diagnosis of WG. Demanding history detailed, thinking highly of the status of lung and kidneys, analyzing the abnormal examinations overall are the key points to reduce the rate of misdiagnosis of WG.
Immediate toxic effects of Methyl Iso Cyanate on human ear, nose and throat; Methyl Iso Cyanate (MIC) is one of the most toxic chemicals known to man. In December 1984, a large amount of this lethal gas leaked from the Union Carbide Factory situated in Bhopal (Madhya Pradesh, India). There were many casualties and damage to the vital organs of the body. To date, there has been no study in the field of Otolaryngology till now. This paper presents three cases, where ear nose and throat affliction was detected in the immediate period (48 h) of exposure to MIC. Most of the effects were temporary and involved a cranial nerve. There was a complete recovery without any surgical intervention.
When your patient has acute facial paralysis; Learn to distinguish between Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
The "Green Channel" of the Veneto region as a model for vaccine safety monitoring in Italy; Modern vaccinology and public health organizations need to satisfy an increased safety demand. Therefore, to improve adverse events following immunization (AEFIs) surveillance systems, some countries have established clinical evaluation centers for AEFI assessment and management of at risk individuals. In the Veneto region of Italy, the Green Channel operates through a counselling service for subjects with prior AEFI or with suspected contraindications to vaccine administration, and a surveillance system of the AEFIs reported in the region. Updated data on 753 consultations and 3023 AEFI analyses are discussed together with the opportunity to include the Green Channel model as part of an international vaccine safety network. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
CHARGE association in Sweden: Malformations and functional deficits; CHARGE association (CA) consists of a nonrandom association of ocular coloboma (C), heart anomaly (H), atresia of choanae (A), retarded growth and/or development (R), genital hypoplasia (G), and ear anomalies and/or hearing impairment (E). A prospective multidisciplinary study of 31 Swedish patients with CA was undertaken in order to describe the associated malformations and functional deficits, find possible etiological factors and identify critical time periods for the maldevelopment. The clinical files were analyzed, the mothers answered a questionnaire on history of prenatal events, and a clinical evaluation of systemic findings, vision, hearing, balance, speech, oral and swallowing function, and neuropsychiatric function, especially autism, was performed. The most frequent physical abnormalities affected ears (90%), eyes (90%), brain (61%), heart (52%), retarded growth (48%), genitals (38%), choanae (35%), and facial nerve (32%). Sixty-one percent of the patients were visually impaired or blind, and 74% had hearing loss or deafness. Problems in balance, speech, and eating were common. Forty percent of the patients had autism/ atypical autism, and 82% had developmental delay. Three children were born following assisted fertilization and two mothers had diabetes. The mothers reported infections, bleedings, and drug use during pregnancy. Analysis of possible critical time periods suggested that most malformations were produced early in pregnancy, mainly during post conceptual weeks 4, 5, and 6. A multidisciplinary approach is essential in the assessment and management of CA. © 2005 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Accuracy of the prognostic diagnosis in acute peripheral facial palsy; The important factors in the prognostic diagnosis of acute peripheral facial palsy are (1) the causal disease, (2) the site of injury and (3) the degree of injury, although the age of the patient, complication, treatment method and initial day of treatment are also important. Among these 3 factors, the degree of injury is most strongly related to the prognosis. However, the diagnosis of etiology is the most important for the selection of the treatment method. Above all, the differential diagnosis between Bell's palsy and zoster sine herpete (Ramsay Hunt syndrome), is the most significant. However, it is impossible to diagnose all patients with complete accuracy within 3 days after the onset of palsy, even using molecular biological examination including polymerase chain reaction analysis. The diagnosis of the site of injury does not contribute to the prediction of prognosis or the selection of treatment method, except for the determination of the approaching route of the facial nerve decompression for traumatic facial palsy. The scoring system of facial movement (40-point method), nerve excitability test (NET), electroneurography (ENoG), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and stapedial reflex (SR) are commonly used to estimate the degree of injury. To estimate the accuracy of these examinations, sensitivity and specificity of the tests were calculated according to the findings within 3 days after the onset of palsy and the outcome of 116 patients with Bell's palsy and 31 with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. According to the results, none of these tests seem to be a perfect diagnostic examination for the completely precise prediction of prognosis. However, a patient is predicted to have a good prognosis, if the following 3 findings are observed: (1) more than 10 points in the 40-point scoring system of facial movement, (2) a positive response to TMS and (3) a positive response to SR. An antidromic facial nerve response probably contributes to a precise prediction of prognosis within 3 days after the onset of facial palsy.
Primary Sjögren's syndrome: New clinical and therapeutic concepts; Sicca features are the central clinical manifestations of Sjögren's syndrome (SS), but recent studies have confirmed that primary SS has a systemic expression, including extraglandular manifestations. Patients with a predominantly extraepithelial expression should be managed differently from patients with predominantly periepithelial or sicca limited disease. In coming years treatment will be based on muscarinic agonists for sicca features and immunosuppressive/biological agents for extraglandular features.
Surgical management of parapharyngeal space tumors: A 10-year review; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this article is to describe the diagnostic evaluation and surgical approaches to parapharyngeal space tumors in a tertiary referral center. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: The study is a retrospective review of 47 patients diagnosed with tumors of the parapharyngeal space (12 with malignant diseases and 35 with benign lesions) and surgically treated during a 10-year period. The transcervical (40%) and the transcervical-transparotid approaches (46%) were the most commonly performed surgical procedures followed by the orbitozygomatic-middle fossa approach (12%) and the transmandibular approach (2%). RESULTS: The surgical procedures were uneventful and there were no postoperative mortalities. Complications were rare; the most common was transient facial nerve paralysis (5 patients). After an average follow-up of 35 months, only 1 of 35 patients with benign diseases had a recurrence 5 years following transcervical resection of a pleomorphic adenoma. Of 12 patients with malignant tumors, 5 (42%) are alive with no evidence of disease. The sensitivity of preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy (n = 23 patients) was 87% for detection of malignant disease and specificity was 100%. CONCLUSIONS: Most benign parapharyngeal space tumors can be removed surgically with a low rate of complications and recurrence. Malignant neoplasms, however, carry an ominous prognosis and a low rate of disease-free survival. Fine needle aspiration may be helpful in preoperative diagnostic evaluation of patients with parapharyngeal space tumors. Copyright © 2005 by the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc.
Curative surgery for recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma via the infratemporal fossa approach; Objective: To determine the proper indications (and thus define good candidates) for the infratemporal fossa approach (ITFA) in the treatment of recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). Design: Retrospective analysis of 11 consecutive patients who had recurrent NPC after radiation therapy failure and were treated with curative surgery via the ITFA approach from July 1, 1993, to November 20, 1999. The mean follow-up was 32.5 months (range, 9-56 months). Setting: Academic tertiary referral center. Results: Patients who had a recurrent tumor confined to the Rosenmüller fossa (rT1; n = 3) or extending to the parapharynx (rT2; n = 3) maintained a clear surgical margin and were disease free. However, patients who had rT1 (n = 1) or rT2 (n = 1) tumors crossing the midline of the posterior nasopharyngeal wall had surgical margin involvement and their tumors recurred, and all patients with rT3 (n = 2) or rT4 (n = 1) tumors eventually died of the disease. Conclusions: Resection of recurrent NPC via ITFA is useful for tumors located in the Rosenmüller fossa with or without parapharyngeal extension. However, tumors extending to the contralateral nasopharyngeal mucosa and tumors at an advanced stage are not suitable indications for ITFA.
Bell's palsy associated with IFN-α and ribavirin therapy for hepatitis C virus infection; First-line therapy for hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection comprises interferon-α (IFN-α) and ribavirin for 6 or 12 months. Mild complications of therapy are common, but more serious complications are rare. Three patients with chronic HCV infection, acquired through injecting drug use, developed idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) during therapy, with spontaneous resolution after withdrawal of treatment. Large-scale cohort studies reveal that IFNs are associated rarely with neurologic complications, and only one previous report has linked IFN-α therapy and Bell's palsy. We postulate that IFN-α therapy led to a breakdown of peripheral tolerance to myelin sheath antigens, leading to neuropathy, just as IFN-α therapy can cause autoimmune thyroiditis through breakdown of tolerance to native thyroid antigens. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Massive myeloid sarcoma affecting the central nervous system, mediastinum, retroperitoneum, liver, and rectum associated with acute myeloblastic leukaemia: A case report; Myeloid sarcomas are extramedullary tumours with granulocytic precursors. When associated with acute myelogenous leukaemia (AML), these tumours usually affect no more than two different extramedullary regions. This report describes a myeloid sarcoma associated with AML with tumour formation at five anatomical sites. The patient was a 37 year old man admitted in September 1999 with a two month history of weight loss, symptoms of anaemia, rectal bleeding, and left facial nerve palsy. The anatomical sites affected were: the rectum, the right lobe of the liver, the mediastinum, the retroperitoneum, and the central nervous system. A bone marrow smear was compatible with AML M2. Flow cytometry showed that the peripheral blood was positive for CD4, CD11, CD13, CD14, CD33, CD45, and HLA-DR. A karyotypic study of the bone marrow revealed an 8;21 translocation. The presence of multiple solid tumours in AML is a rare event. Enhanced expression of cell adhesion molecules may be the reason why some patients develop myeloid sarcomas.
A comparison of surgical techniques used in dynamic reanimation of the paralyzed face; Objectives: To compare the outcomes of three surgical techniques used in the rehabilitation of the paralyzed face. Study Design: Retrospective study. Setting: University-based tertiary referral center. Patients: Between 1976 and 2000, rehabilitative facial nerve surgery was performed on 70 adult patients with varying underlying diseases. Intervention: Three methods of facial nerve rehabilitative surgery were performed: end-to-end anastomosis, cable nerve graft interposition, and classic faciohypoglossal transposition. Main Outcome Measures: The House-Brackmann grade was scored at 6, 12, 24, and 36 months by the two senior authors. A favorable outcome was defined as House-Brackmann Grade ≤ III. Other parameters recorded were repair technique, age, nerve rerouting, whether the repair was immediate or delayed, and the anatomic position of the nerve defect in relation to the geniculate ganglion. Results: Data were available on 66 patients (94%), of whom 13 had an end-to-end anastomosis, 25 a cable nerve graft interposition, and 28 a classic faciohypoglossal transposition. At 24 months, a House-Brackmann Grade ≤ III was achieved in 84.6% of those who underwent end-to-end anastomosis, 56.0% of those who underwent cable nerve graft interposition, and 25.0% of those who underwent classical faciohypoglossal transposition. End-to-end anastomosis and cable nerve graft interposition were superior to classic faciohypoglossal transposition (log-rank test, p = 0.0013). Twenty-five percent of all cases demonstrated improvement in House-Brackmann grade after 24 months. Increasing age at the time of repair was associated with a poorer outcome (p = 0.03 on logistic regression). Conclusion: End-to-end anastomosis confers the best facial function, followed by cable nerve graft interposition and then classic faciohypoglossal transposition. Contrary to some previous opinions, improvement in facial function can still occur 2 years after surgical repair, particularly with classic faciohypoglossal transposition. © 2005, Otology & Neurotology, Inc.
Primary angiosarcoma of the non-irradiated parotid gland: A most uncommon, highly malignant tumor; This case report discusses the clinical presentation, imaging, surgery and further treatment and course of a primary angiosarcoma of a non-irradiated parotid gland. © Springer-Verlag 2004.
Orthodromic transposition of the temporal muscle for facial paralysis: Made easy and better; The authors present a modified technique of transposition of temporal muscle for reanimation of facial paralysis. Fourteen cases illustrate the simplicity, advantages, and excellent esthetic and functional results of this method.
Acute leukoencephalitis in infant treated by high-dose corticosteroid. A case report; The authors report a case of acute post infectious leukoencephalitis observed in a tow-years and a half children admitted to our hospital for fiver with suddent condition deterioration, obnibulation, coma and paralysis of the 6th and 7th cranial nerve. Cerebrospinal fluid study showed lymphocytosis with negative culture. Head magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated diffuse high signals over the white matter on T2 - weighted images so the diagnosis was confirmed. High dose corticosteroid therapy was effective.
Management of lipomas arising from deep lobe of the parotid gland; Objectives: We would like to present our experience in management of lipomas arising in the deep lobe of the parotid gland, which were diagnosed and operated in our clinic from the point of complication/morbidity, and recurrence, in line with the literature. Material and methods: Five patients with lipoma found in the deep lobe of the parotid gland, diagnosed and treated at our clinic in the 12-year period between March 1992 and March 2004, were included in this study. Limits of the tumors were determined by computed tomography (CT), and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) was also performed. Through a classic parotidectomy incision, the parotid gland was exposed. Full exposure of the facial nerve and its branches was performed. The removal of deep lobe parotid lipomas was achieved by enucleation in all cases. Postoperative complication/morbidity and recurrence were evaluated. Results: The most common symptom was an otherwise asymptomatic mass on the parotid region and/or upper lateral neck. One of five patients was presented with medial displacement of the lateral pharyngeal wall, and tonsil as the additional physical finding. Preoperative radiologic evaluation results revealed that CT and/or MRI scans accurately localized 100% of the tumors in relation to the deep lobe of the parotid gland. FNAB did not enable us to make a diagnosis of lipoma in four of the cases. Total resection was achieved in all cases. Temporary facial nerve paralysis, due to the dissection of the facial nerve, did not occur in any cases. There was no recurrence of the tumors after a mean follow-up of 60 months. Conclusion: Assessment of the exact location of the tumor is an important consideration for selection of the appropriate surgical approach. Different from lipomas found in other locations, those observed in the parotid gland cannot be easily resected by simple dissection. Resection of these tumors requires full exposure of the facial nerve. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Combination treatment of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine for facial paralysis: A retrospect in the past ten years; Objective: To review the application status of the methods of acupuncture, external treatment, drugs, and rehabilitation, etc. on facial paralysis so as to get the more effective treatment methods. Data sources: Using the key terms "facial paralysis, treatment", we searched the Chinese journals full-text database and Wanfang database from January 1994 to January 2004 in Chinese. Study selection: Totally 62 articles on facial paralysis treatment in which the original references included the methods of acupuncture, external treatment, drugs, and rehabilitation and so on. Data extraction: Seventeen out of the 62 articles were excluded because of duplicated summarizations, the, other 45 articles were sorted for review and 26 articles for references. Data synthesis: Facial paralysis was often induced by acute nonsuppurative inflammation occurred in facial nerve. In the treatment of facial paralysis, the combination of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine was used mostly, acupuncture and drugs was a large part. Each method was effective for promoting the functional rehabilitation of muscle; moreover, the effect of combination method was obvious. Conclusion: The combination of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine can promote the functional rehabilitation of nerve and muscle, reduce the sequels; It is valuable to guide the idea for adopting the combination of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine for facial paralysis.
Effect of early surgical repair on functional recovery of patients with traumatic facial paralysis; Background: Facial nerve injury causes facial nerve paralysis (or facial palsy) and even results in psychosocial disturbances of the patients. Repair the injured facial nerve and reconstruction of the nerve function as early as possible have been the primary concern in clinical studies. Objective: To investigate the timing and surgical approaches for repairing facial paralysis in order to provides evidences for its therapeutic and prognostic evaluation. Design: Case analysis based on patients. Setting: Hospital of Plastic Surgery of Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. Participants: Nine patients with traumatic facial paralysis hospitalized in the Hospital of Plastic Surgery of Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences from December 1993 to November 2001. Methods: Facial nerve anastomosis was performed microsurgically along with the implantation of the sural nerve graft into orbicular muscle of the eye 3 or 4 months after nerve injury in the 9 patients. The clinical data of the patients were retrospectively reviewed. Main outcome measures: The facial nerve function was evaluated with House-Brackmann scale and photographs of the patients' faces before and after surgical treatment were taken. Results: In the follow-up of these patients lasting 6 months to 2 years, all the patients attained satisfactory outcome. Conclusion: Early operation is crucial for the treatment of traumatic facial paralysis, with facial nerve anastomosis as the primary choice. The implantation of the nerve graft into muscle is also indicated for repairing traumatic facial paralysis in some cases. The importance of individualized treatment choice is reiterated on the basis of cicatrectomy and the extent and specific features of the injury.
Acute brucella meningomyeloencephalo - Spondylosis in a teenage male; Background: Brucellosis has been known from the time of Hippocrates. In 1885 Sir David Bruce isolated the causative organism from the spleens of soldiers who had died from "Malta disease" (now brucellosis). There are 4 species of brucella pathogenic to humans and each of them has a specific types of animal reservoir: B.arbotus (cattle, buffallo), B. melitensis (goats, sheep, camels), B. suis (pigs), B.canis (Dogs). Humans are infected when they are exposed to body fluids from an infected animal. The symptoms and signs of brucellosis are protean. Diagnosis is usually dependent on clinical features and serology or culture. Objectives: To describe a case of neurobrucellosis, raise awareness about the existence of the disease in Uganda and Africa in general and share our experiences in its diagnosis and management. Methods: A male teenager was admitted with symptoms and signs of an acute meningo-encephalitis. He underwent clinical, laboratory and basic radiological evaluation. Results: The un-incubated brucella titer was significantly reactive(1:160).Oblique-view cervical x-rays showed early osteophyte formation with encroachment on the vertebral foramina on the left hand side. A diagnosis of acute brucella meningomyeloencephalo-spondylosis was made and the patient was successfully treated using conventional therapy for brucellosis (oral doxycycline for 6weeks and IM streptomycin for 2 weeks). Conclusions: Neurobrucellosis though said to be rare, is a reality in our health units should be considered in the differential diagnosis of neurological and psychiatric illnesses. The good news is that it is curable and is responsive to drugs used for other forms of brucellosis.
Acupuncture combined with catgut embedding therapy for treatment of 158 cases of facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To observe therapeutic effect of acupuncture combined with catgut embedding therapy on peripheral facial paralysis.
A questionnaire study of clinical training of inferior alveolar nerve blocks; A survey was conducted on the clinical training of local anesthesia in Japanese dental colleges. The questions included; 1 Whether clinical training of local anesthesia was conducted, 2 The content of the training of local anesthesia, 3 The technique of inferior alveolar nerve blocks, 4 Complications during the training, 5 Procedures for dealing with complications. Replies were obtained from 28 schools. Local anesthesia training was provided in 25 schools. In 18 schools, the department of dental anesthesiology was responsible for the training. The results were analyzed based on the data obtained from these 18 schools. In 16 schools, both infiltration and inferior alveolar nerve block were taught, whereas in the other 2 schools, only inferior alveolar nerve block was taught. With respect to the nerve block technique, the direct approach was employed in 12 schools, the indirect approach using three steps was taught in 4 schools and the indirect approach of two steps was taught in one school. In one school, both direct and indirect approaches were employed. 20 cases of complications were reported by 13 schools (Table 1); 4 general complication cases were reported, including 2 cases of feeling of unwellness, one case of hyperventilation, and one case of vasodepressor syncope; 16 localized complication cases were reported, including 8 cases of hypesthesia of lingual or mental nerve, 4 cases of trismus, one case of facial palsy, one case of inflammation of pterygomandibular space, one case of hematoma formation, and one case of ear division discomfort. Hypesthesia occurred in 6 indirect approach cases and in 2 direct approach cases. Trismus was observed in all the direct approach cases. As for the treatment of the complications, 4 cases of hypesthesia were described in detail as shown in Table 2, In these cases, the treatments applied were stellate ganglion blocks, irradiation of infrared ray, and administration of drugs. Hypesthesia disappeared within 2 to 6 weeks in all cases. Of the remaining 4 cases, only drugs were administered in one case, hypesthesia disappeared without any treatment in the other 3 cases. Prior to the treatment, written or verbal informed consent of agreement was obtained in 7 schools, but it was not obtained in 11 schools. In one school, students lacking confidence were excluded from clinical training, and in one school, the training was carried out only on mannequins. As a measure of safety, the staffs have reported the complications to the student office or person in charge in 9 schools, and insurance procedures were followed in 3 schools. The cost for treatment was borne by the school or the hospital in affiliation in 9 schools, and by the insurance in 3 schools. This study indicates that in the practice of local anesthesia, the safe technique of inferior nerve block should be established and that written consent in case of complications should be obtained before the training. It is also necessary to establish effective procedures for dealing with complications.
A case of Granulocytic Sarcoma (chloroma) with acute mastoiditis; We report a case of Granulocytic Sarcoma (chloroma) with acute mastoiditis in a 14-year-old male. The patient was brought to our clinic because of left facial nerve palsy and acute bilateral otitis media. He was diagnosed as having acute mastoiditis, and underwent left mastoidectomy. One week later, however, leukocyts increased and the wound did not heal. A mass lesion in the mastoid was detected on MRI. We biopsied the mastoid and found Granulocytic Sarcoma (chloroma). Thereafter, the patient underwent chemo- and radiation therapy, but died due to the general deterioration of his condition. In this case, pathological examination and MRI were useful for establishing the final diagnosis.
The treatment strategy for peripheral facial nerve palsy in children; Statistical analysis was undertaken for 30 cases of peripheral facial nerve palsy in patients under the age of 15 years-old treated in Oita University Hospital between January 1981 and December 2003. Diagnoses were: Bell's palsy (n = 14), Hunt's syndrome (n = 7), otitis-related palsy (n = 8), and traumatic palsy (n = 1). This paper reports the results of treatment with particular regard to Bell's palsy and Hunt's syndrome. Successful management of facial palsy requires confident and accurate diagnosis, reliable estimation of prognosis, and effective treatment. In children, however, it is difficult to evaluate the degree of facial palsy and to select an adequate therapeutic protocol. In our department, most patients were treated with steroids after informed consent was obtained from the parents. On follow-up after 180 days, the complete recovery rate for Bell's palsy was 11 of 11 cases (100%) while that for Hunt's syndrome was 3 of 7 cases (42.9%). The final recovery rate was thus significantly higher for Bell's palsy than for Hunt's syndrome. For Bell's palsy, the recovery rate was better in children than in adults (55/68, 80.9%); however, that for Hunt's syndrome was worse in children than in adults (22/29, 75.9%). Electroneurography (ENoG) was performed in 17 patients with Bell's palsy or Hunt's syndrome and the results corresponded with clinical outcome. Vestibular function testing was performed in 19 patients, and demonstrated ipsilateral canal paralysis (CP) in 2 cases, both of which were diagnosed as having Hunt's syndrome with poor clinical outcome. From the above results, it was concluded that CP on vestibular function testing suggests a poor prognosis.
Unusual association of congenital middle ear cholesteatoma and first branchial cleft anomaly: Management and embryological concepts; To report two cases of an undescribed association of first branchial cleft fistula and middle ear congenital cholesteatoma and to discuss management and embryological hypothesis. Retrospective study and review of the literature Both patients were young girls free of past medical or surgical history. Surgical removal of the first cleft anomaly found in the two cases a fistula routing underneath the facial nerve. Both cholesteatomas were located in the hypotympanum, mesotympanum. In one case, an anatomical link between the two malformations was clearly identified with CT scan. The main embryological theories and classification are reviewed. A connection between Aimi's and Michaels' theories (congenital cholesteatoma) and Work classification might explain the reported clinical association. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dimensions of catastrophic thinking associated with pain experience and disability in patients with neuropathic pain conditions; The objective of the present study was to examine the relative contributions of different dimensions of catastrophic thinking (i.e. rumination, magnification, helplessness) to the pain experience and disability associated with neuropathic pain. Eighty patients with diabetic neuropathy, post-herpetic neuralgia, post-surgical or post-traumatic neuropathic pain who had volunteered for participation in a clinical trial formed the basis of the present analyses. Spontaneous pain was assessed with the sensory and affective subscales of the McGill Pain Questionnaire. Pinprick hyperalgesia and dynamic tactile allodynia were used as measures of evoked pain. Consistent with previous research, individuals who scored higher on a measure of catastrophic thinking (Pain Catastrophizing Scale; PCS) also rated their pain as more intense, and rated themselves to be more disabled due to their pain. Follow up analyses revealed that the PCS was significantly correlated with the affective subscale of the MPQ but not with the sensory subscale. The helplessness subscale of the PCS was the only dimension of catastrophizing to contribute significant unique variance to the prediction of pain. The PCS was not significantly correlated with measures of evoked pain. Catastrophizing predicted pain-related disability over and above the variance accounted for by pain severity. The findings are discussed in terms of mechanisms linking catastrophic thinking to pain experience. Treatment implications are addressed. © 2004 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Results from a nationwide postmarketing cohort study of patients in Sweden treated with etanercept; Objectives: To describe a nationwide system for postmarketing follow up of new antirheumatic drugs in Sweden, and to analyse safety and effectiveness in an etanercept treated patient cohort. Methods: Etanercept became available in Sweden for prescribing on a named patient basis in 1999. All patients treated were included in a follow up of intensified adverse event reporting and recording of clinical outcome during 24 months, according to the EULAR core set. Results: The mean (SD) disease activity score (DAS 28) value at inclusion among 820 patients recruited on a named patient basis during year 1 was 5.99 (1.19). After two years, 21% (n = 172) of these patients had discontinued the treatment. Of the remaining 648 patients, 68% (n = 442) responded to the treatment. However, in 55% of the responders, the disease activity was intermediate or high (mean DAS 28, 3.37 (1.20)). In all, 540 adverse events were reported in 421 adverse drug reaction (ADR) reports, in 294 patients. The events in 80 reports (19%) were serious. Twenty two per cent of the events were infections, of which 24% (n = 29) were serious. The incidence of serious adverse events remained constant over time. Conclusions: At start of etanercept treatment, patients had high disease activity. Activity remained high in a large proportion of the responding patients. Although serious ADRs occurred during late phases of treatment, no unexpected safety problems arose. No specific indicators of ADR risk were found. The monitoring system that was established may be useful in future postmarketing surveillance.
Facial nerve dysfunction after parotidectomy: The role of local factors; Objectives/Hypothesis: The objective was to analyze the incidence and factors associated with facial nerve dysfunction after conservative parotidectoiny with facial nerve dissection. Study Design: A retrospective unicentric study in a tertiary care center with prospective record of studied factors. Methods: Over a 10-year period, 131 patients with normal facial nerve function underwent a superficial or total conservative parotidectomy with nerve dissection performed by one surgeon for primary benign or malignant tumors. Facial nerve function was assessed on the first postoperative day and at 1 month and 6 months after the parotidectomy. Estent of surgery, histopathological findings, tumor size, close contact of tumor with facial nerve, and sex and age of the patient were reviewed. These variables were studied in a χ2 statistical univariate and stratified analysis to determine their association with postoperative facial nerve dysfunction. Results: Incidence of postoperative facial nerve dysfunction was 42.7% on the first postoperative day, 30.7% at 1 month after the parotidectomy, and 0% at 6 months after the parotidectomy. The most common dysfunction was paresis in a single nerve branch (48.2%), in particular, the marginal mandibular branch. Total parotidectomy was associated with a significantly higher incidence of facial nerve dysfunction during the first postoperative period (60.5% at day 1 and 44.7% at month 1) than superficial parotidectomy (18.2% at day 1 and 10.9% at month 1) (P < .001). In patients with total parotidectomy, close contact of the tumor with the facial nerve was found to have statistical causal relation with facial nerve weakness. In patients with superficial parotidectomy, inflammatory conditions were found as factors that increased postoperative facial nerve dysfunction. Conclusion: In the study series of conservative parotidectomies with facial nerve dissection, only extent of surgery and particular local conditions of nerve dissection, especially the close contact of tumor with facial nerve and inflammatory conditions, were found to be associated with postoperative facial nerve dysfunction.
Free vascularized nerve grafting for immediate facial nerve reconstruction; Objectives/Hypothesis: To obtain better functional results after reconstruction to treat facial palsy in the patients with preoperative and intraoperative factors that might inhibit functional recovery, the authors have used free vascularized nerve grafts to immediately reconstruct severed facial nerves. Study Design: The indications for vascularized nerve grafts were 1) scarred recipient bed attributable to previous operations, 2) a history of previous irradiation at the wound, 3) facial skin defects over the nerve graft after tumor ablation, 4) patient age greater than 60 years, and 5) preoperative facial palsy. Methods: Four types of free vascularized nerves were used. Functional recovery after reconstruction could be assessed with two facial nerve grading systems. Ten patients who underwent immediate reconstruction of severed facial nerve after ablative surgery of malignant tumors of the parotid gland were reviewed. Results: Functional recovery after reconstruction could be assessed with the House-Brackmann grading system and a 40-point grading system in 6 of the 10 patients after a mean follow-up period of 29.8 months (range, 10-60 mo). Results with the House-Brackmann system were grade II in 1 patient, grade III in 4 patients, and grade IV in 1 patient; scores on the 40-point grading system were 20 in 1 patient, 22 in 3 patients, 24 in 1 patient, and 28 in 1 patient. Conclusion: The study results indicated that muscle movement recovers satisfactorily after free vascularized nerve grafting. Although a study comparing vascularized nerve grafts and conventional nerve grafts would be necessary to confirm the superiority of vascularized nerve grafts, free vascularized nerve grafts are effective for immediate reconstruction of the severed facial nerve in patients with preoperative and intraoperative factors that might inhibit functional recovery.
Recurrent pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland; Background: Surgery of recurrent pleomorphic adenoma presents an increased risk of facial nerve injury and a considerable re-recurrence rate. Methods: A series of 33 patients with first recurrence of pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland was analyzed. The data were derived from medical records as well as from interviews and clinical examinations of all living patients. Histologic material of the initial and recurrent tumor were reviewed. Results: Multifocal recurrence and carcinoma in pleomorphic adenoma were observed in 73% and 9% of patients, respectively. The incidence of permanent partial facial nerve injury after surgery was 23% in patients with initial enucleation and 14% in those with initial superficial parotidectomy (including 1 patient with facial nerve resection and 1 patient with a partial facial paresis before recurrence surgery). A subsequent recurrence occurred in 6 patients, all with initial enucleation after a mean time interval of 9 years. Conclusions: The preservation of the facial nerve was possible in all but 1 patient treated for the first recurrence with a relatively low rate of permanent partial facial paresis because of the use of the operating microscope and facial nerve monitor. To evaluate the re-recurrence rate, a follow-up of at least 10 years is necessary. © 2005 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved.
Pharmacology of vertigo/nystagmus/oscillopsia; Purpose of review: To describe recent developments in the pharmacological treatment of vertigo and nystagmus while focusing on vestibular neuritis, Ménière's disease, downbeat nystagmus, periodic alternating nystagmus, acquired pendular nystagmus, and superior oblique myokymia. Recent findings: In the last 2 years several studies have been published on possible pharmacological treatment options for nystagmus and oscillopsia. In the treatment of vestibutar neuritis two studies showed that cortisone treatment was effective for restoring labyrinthine function. This benefit seems more likely if treatment is started within the first 2 days of onset. For recurrent vertigo attacks due to Ménière's disease, the titration technique with daily or weekly doses of intratympanic gentamicin until onset of vestibular symptoms, change in vertigo or hearing loss rated best for complete vertigo control. A new pharmacological treatment option for downbeat nystagmus is the administration of potassium channel blockers (e.g. 4-aminopyridine). They are thought to reinforce the inhibitory action of cerebetlar Purkinje cells. Several case reports have proven the beneficial effect of baclofen on periodic alternating nystagmus, of gabapentin and memantine on acquired pendular nystagmus, and of carbamazepine and gabapentin on superior oblique myokymia. Summary: There have been several new developments in the treatment of nystagmus and vertigo over the last 2 years. These include potassium channel blockers for the treatment of downbeat nystagmus, early cortisone treatment to improve recovery of the labyrinth function in vestibular neuritis, and intratyrnpanic gentamicin treatment for Ménière's disease. Other pharmacological treatment options are baclofen for periodic alternating nystagmus, gabapentin and memantine for acquired pendular nystagmus, and carbamazepine for superior oblique myokymia.
Neurovascularized free short head of the biceps femoris muscle transfer for one-stage reanimation of facial paralysis; The single-stage technique for cross-face reanimation of the paralyzed face without nerve graft is an improvement over the two-stage procedure because it results in early reinnervation of the transferred muscle and shortens the period of rehabilitation. On the basis of an anatomic investigation, the short head of the biceps femoris muscle with attached lateral intermuscular septum of the thigh was identified as a new candidate for microneurovascular free muscle transfer. The authors performed one-stage transfer of the short head of the biceps femoris muscle with a long motor nerve for reanimation of established facial paralysis in seven patients. The dominant nutrient vessels of the short head were the profunda perforators (second or third) in six patients and the direct branches from the popliteal vessels in one patient. The recipient vessels were the facial vessels in all cases. The length of the motor nerve of the short head ranged from 10 to 16 cm, and it was sutured directly to several zygomatic and buccal branches of the contralateral facial nerve in six patients. One patient required an interpositional nerve graft of 3 cm to reach the suitable facial nerve branches on the intact side. The period required for initial voluntary movement of the transferred muscles ranged from 4 to 10 months after the procedures. The period of postoperative follow-up ranged from 5 to 42 months. Transfer of the vascularized innervated short head of the biceps femoris muscle is thought to be an alternative for one-stage reconstruction of the paralyzed face because of the reliable vascular anatomy of the muscle and because it allows two teams to operate together without the need to reposition the patient. The nerve to the short head of the biceps femoris enters the side opposite the vascular pedicle of the muscle belly, and this unique relationship between the vascular pedicle and the motor nerve is anatomically suitable for one-stage reconstruction of the paralyzed face. As much as to 16 cm of the nerve can be harvested, and the nerve is long enough to reach the contralateral intact facial nerve in almost all cases. The lateral intermuscular septum, which is attached to the short head, provides "anchor/suture-bearing" tissue, allowing reliable fixations to the zygoma and the upper and lower lips to be achieved. In addition, the scar and deformity of the donor site are acceptable, and loss of this muscle does not result in donor-site dysfunction.
Facial paralysis treatment by Chinese medicine; Although the prognosis for peripheral facial paralysis is generally good, up to 15% of patients may be left with sequelae in the form of persistent asymmetry. Early treatment by acupuncture and Chinese herbal medicine is therefore encouraged to assist in the prevention of such lingering symptoms. This article analyses facial paralysis in terms of Chinese medicine pathological theory, addresses the differentiation of patterns, and recommends appropriate treatment including selection of acupuncture points and herbs, and needling techniques.
Status of activator methods chiropractic technique, theory, and practice; Objective: To provide an historical overview, description, synthesis, and critique of the Activator Adjusting Instrument (AAI) and Activator Methods Chiropractic Technique of clinical assessment. Methods: Online resources were searched including Index to Chiropractic Literature, EBSCO Online, MANTIS, CHIROLARS, CINAHL, eJournals, Ovid, MDConsult, Lane Catalog, SU Catalog, and Pubmed. Relevant peer-reviewed studies, commentaries, and reviews were selected. Studies fell into 2 major content areas: instrument adjusting and the analysis system for therapy application. Studies were categorized by research content type: biomechanical, neurophysiological, and clinical. Each study was reviewed in terms of contribution to knowledge and critiqued with regard to quality. Discussion: More than 100 studies related to the AAI and the technique were found, including studies on the instrument's mechanical effects, and a few studies on clinical efficacy. With regard to the analysis, there is evidence for good reliability on prone leg-length assessment, but to date, there is only 1 study evaluating the Activator Methods Chiropractic Technique analysis. Conclusion: A body of basic science and clinical research has been generated on the AAI since its first peer-reviewed publication in 1986. The Activator analysis may be a clinically useful tool, but its ultimate scientific validation requires testing using sophisticated research models in the areas of neurophysiology, biomechanics, and statistical analysis. Copyright © 2005 by National University of Health Sciences.
Fallopian canal dehiscences: A survey of clinical and anatomical findings; This survey investigates fallopian canal dehiscences in order to assess the risk of encountering an unprotected facial nerve during routine ear surgery. In a prospective non-randomized study, the intraoperative appearance of the facial canal in 357 routine ear operations was compared with 300 temporal bone specimens from 150 autopsies. Intraoperatively, a dehiscence was detected in 6.4% (23/357) of the operations, most frequently at the oval niche region (16/23 cases). The incidence increased with the number of operations (P<0.0002). Cholesteatoma surgery had the highest relative risk (RR 4.6) of exposing an unprotected facial nerve. Postoperatively, no persistent facial paralysis was observed. In four of five cases with a transient facial palsy due to local anesthetics, a bony dehiscence could be found. The anatomical study revealed fallopian canal dehiscences in 29.3% (44/150) of the autopsies. One-third (15/44) of the individuals affected displayed bilateral findings, thus resulting in 19.7% (59/300) of temporal bones affected. A total of 17/59 bones showed microdehiscences, and most (55/59) were located at the oval niche. The actual prevalence of fallopian canal dehiscences is significantly higher than intraoperative findings suggest. The oval niche is the most affected region. High-resolution computed tomography is of diagnostic value only in selected cases. Facial paralysis following local anesthesia is the most significant clinical sign. Vigilance in acute facial palsy after local anesthetics and in cholesteatoma surgery and adequate intraoperative exposure help to prevent iatrogenic injury of the uncovered nerve. In unclear cases, nerve monitoring can facilitate a safe outcome. © Springer-Verlag 2004.
Bilateral traumatic facial paralysis associated with unilateral abducens palsy: A case report; Bilateral traumatic facial paralysis is a very rare clinical condition. Abducens palsy, associated with bilateral traumatic paralysis, is even rarer and has not been well described in the literature. In this report, a 24-year-old male, who developed immediate bilateral facial and right abducens paralyses following a motor vehicle accident, is presented. The patient was referred for neurotologic evaluation 22 days after the injury. Electroneurography (ENoG) demonstrated 100 per cent degeneration at the first examination and, correspondingly, electromyography showed no regeneration potentials. Using high-resolution computed tomography (HRCT), a longitudinal fracture on the right and a mixed-type fracture on the left were identified. The patient had good cochlear reserve on both sides. The decision for surgery was based not on ENoG, because of the delayed referral of the patient, but on the HRCT, which showed clear fracture lines on both sides. The middle cranial fossa approach for decompression of the right facial nerve was performed on the 55th day following the trauma, and a combined procedure using the middle cranial fossa and transmastoid approaches was applied for decompression of the left facial nerve on the 75th day following the trauma. On the right, there was dense fibrosis surrounding the geniculate ganglion and the proximal tympanic segment whereas, on the left, bone fragments impinging on the geniculate ganglion, dense fibrosis surrounding the geniculate ganglion, and a less extensive fibrotic tissue surrounding the pyramidal segment were encountered. There were no complications or hearing deterioration. At the one-year follow up, the patient had House-Brackmann (HB) grade 1 recovery on the right, and HB grade 2 recovery on the left side, and the abducens palsy regressed spontaneously. The middle cranial fossa approach and its combinations can be performed safely in bilateral temporal bone fractures as labyrinthine sparing procedures if done on separate occasions.
Development, problem and prospect for evidence-based neurology; This article reviews the progress, problems and future development of evidence-based neurology; introduces sources of clinical evidence and evidence-based recommendations on some common neurological disorders from the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology. It promotes high quality clinical research to provide good evidence and the use of current best evidence in patient care.
Acupuncture for Bell's palsy: A systematic review; Objective: To examine the efficacy of acupuncture in hastening recovery and reducing long-term morbidity from Bell's palsy. Methods: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Register Group (Till Feb. 2002), MEDLINE (Jan. 1966 to Dec. 2002); EMBASE (Jan. 1980 to Dec. 2002), LILACS (Jan. 1982 to Dec. 2002) and Chinese Biomedical Retrieval System (Jan. 1978 to Dec. 2002). We also searched grey literature. We identified all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials involving acupuncture in the treatment of Bell's palsy, selected the trials ment the inclusion criteria, assessed the methodological quality, extracted data on trials' patients, interventions, outcome measurements and results and undertook analysis. Results: Three small randomised controlled trials were included but due to some flaws in study designs or reporting and clinical differences between trials, data from trials were not combined in a meta-analysis, and a descriptive analysis was performed. The result indicated a positive effect of acupuncture (all P < 0.01). Conclusions: Three small studies in this review suggested a beneficial effect but the poor quality of the trials precludes us from drawing firm conclusions. There is a need for high quality randomized controlled trials (RCTs) using a study design which assures high internal validity.
Correlation between structural changes of facial muscle after denervation and rehabilitation of facial muscle function; Background: It is of significance to imitate facial nerve paralysis of temporal trauma, establish the model of facial nerve paralysis, and study the histopathologic changes of facial muscle after denervation and the effect on rehabilitation of facial muscle function. Objective: To investigate the relationship between rehabilitation of facial muscle function and the structural changes of mitochondria and succinate dehydrogenase (SDH) of oris muscles after denervation. Design: A randomized controlled trail based on experimental animals. Setting: Department of otolaryngology in a hospital of a university. Materials: The experiments were conducted in the Center of Animal Experiment, the Department of Histoembryology, and the Second Electron Microscope (EM) Center, China Medical University. Sixty white guinea pigs provided by the Center of Animal Experiment, China Medical University [certification No: SCXK (liao) 2003 - 0009], were randomly divided into three groups, 5 s squeezed group (n = 15, 10 tested for the function of facial muscle, 5 for EM specimen 15 days after operation), 15 s squeezed group (n = 20, 10 tested, 5 for EM specimen 15 days and 30 days after operation), and 30 s squeezed group (n = 25, 10 tested, 5 for EM specimen 15 days after operation and 10 for EM specimen 30 days after operation). Interventions: Models of facial paralysis were established. The threshold of facial nerve was detected with electroneurogram (ENoG) before and after squeezed, and the duration of the functional recovery of facial muscle was observed with blink reflex. Orbicularis oris was taken for SDH cytochemical staining, and the ultrastructural changes of SDH positive reaction granules, mitochondria and muscle fibers were observed under transmission electroscope. Main outcome measures: ENoG threshold value, time for recovery of facial muscle function, SDH positive reaction granules and ultrastructural changes of mitochondria and muscle fibers. Results: In 5 s squeezed group, the average inhibition time of nerve excitement conduction was (35.2 ± 16.8) minutes, the structure of mitochondria and the positive reaction granules of SDH remained normal, and the muscle fiber had no pathologic changes. In 15 s squeezed group, it took an average of (47 ± 15) days for blink reflect to recover. In 15 s squeezed group of 15 days, the mitochondria showed slight bubble degeneration and the SDH granules decreased and the muscle fiber had slight pathologic changes, but recovered after 30 days. The mitochondria changed severely and SDH granules decreased significantly in 30 s squeezed group of 15 days and 30 days; no case of blink reflect recovered within half a year. Conclusion: The longer the facial nerve is injured, the more severely the function of facial muscles is damaged, and the more difficultly it will recover. Therefore, facial nerve decompression should be performed as early as possible.
Study on the relationship between the assessment of facial muscle function and prognosis of Bell's palsy; Background: There has been no definite cause for Bell's palsy. Different kinds of causes and courses always lead to different outcomes. Up to now there has not been to accord on the relationship between assessment of facial muscle function and prognosis of Bell's palsy. Objective: To explore the relationship between level diagnosis, blink reflex (BR), electroneurography(ENoG) and prognosis in order to find the timing for treatment of Bell's palsy. Design: A self-control study. Setting: Department of otolaryngology, Beihai People's Hospital, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. Participants: There were 42 cases of Bell's palsy that were in accordance with the diagnosis criteria and hospitalized in the Beihai People's Hospital from January 1989 to December 1999. Thirty-six cases out of the 42 were well documented and thus were studied here. Methods: Level diagnosis, BR and EnoG test as well as facial muscle assessment were conducted on thirty-six patients with Bell's palsy. Results: Patients with facial function score under 11 and with the lesion at D segment had poor results in BR and ENoG test. The outcome of conservative treatment for these patients was also bad. That would be improved by facial nerve decompression. The results of examination within one month after palsy onset were correlated with prognosis (P > 0.05). Two cases received decompression on the 40th day onset and recovered completely. Two cases received decompression in the 2nd month, one recovered completely and the other partially. In the 3rd and 4th month there were two patients received decompression and recovered partially. Conclusion: Patients with the following manifestations may make complete recovery after conservative treatment: lesion distal to segment D, facial function over 11 marks, presence of R1 wave by BR test in the 1st month and fiber deprivation < 90% by ENoG. Facial nerve decompression should be taken for patients in a condition other than that.
Incidence of complications of otitis media; Objetive: Determine the incidence of othologycal and endocraneal complications of acute otitis media, taking into account previous treatments and the development of complications. Material and Methods: Retrospective follow-up study between March 1996-2003 including 16 patients: 9 men, 7 women. Results: Nine patients (56.25%) had intracraneal complications and seven othologycal ones. In the first group, 6 developed meningitis by Streptococcus pneumoniae, one sigmoid sinus tromboflebitis, one multiples abscesses, and one subdural empiema and encephalitis. Othologycal complications were six acute mastoiditis and the other one a facial paralysis. The child with tromboflebitis underwent mastoidectomy and closed meningeal comunication; 5 of the acute mastoiditis were operated on and the other received traditional treatment. The meningitis received medication. Two died, one because of a subdural empiema and the other due to meningitis. Conclusion: Despite the advances made by antibiotherapy and diagnosis, the complications of otitis media are still frequent. The pediatrician and otorhinolaryngologist should be on the alert for these as well as for Pneumococcus and its high resistance.
Recurrent facial palsy, primary Sjögren's syndrome and vitamin B12 deficiency; Introduction: Differing cranial nerve involvement has been reported in the context of Gougerot-Sjögren's syndrome. Involvement of the V, III and VII nerves has been reported, the most characteristic being nerve V, notably its lower branch. Rare, well documented, cases of facial palsy have also been described. Observation: Recurrent facial palsy in a 40 year-old woman revealed a primary Sjögren's syndrome and vitamin B12 deficiency. Discussion: The onset of facial palsy has been linked with Gougerot-Sjögren's syndrome. The contribution of vitamin B12 deficiency is discussed.
Microsurgical treatment of posterior cranial fossa tumors via keyhole approaches; Objective: To explore the surgical outcome and skills of keyhole approaches to posterior cranial fossa tumors. Methods: A retrospective analysis of the clinical data of 43 consecutive patients with posterior cranial fossa tumors, including acoustic neurinoma, petroclival meningioma, pons tumor, fourth ventricular tumor, etc. was conducted. Subtemporal, retromastoid, or middle suboccipital keyhole approach was chosen respectively according to the anatomic positions of those different tumors. The length of the incision was about 4 cm, and the diameter of bone window was 2.0-2.5 cm. Normally dura was sutured tightly and no catheter was placed in the surgical fields. Results: The tumors were totally removed in 37 of the 43 patients (86.0%), subtotally removed in 5 (11.6%) and mostly removed in 1 (2.3%). There were no complications obviously related to the limited exposure resulting from keyhole approaches. All of the 18 acoustic neurinomas (100%) were totally removed and the facial nerves of 15 patients (83.3%) were preserved anatomically, however, one patient died of brain stem edema on the 2nd postoperative day. Out of the 8 petroclival meningiomas, 5 (62.5%) were resected totally, 2 (25%) subtotally, and 1 (12.5%) grossly. Postoperatively, 2 patients still remained slight hemiparesis, and 1 presented with mild facial paralysis. Among the 6 pons tumors 3 were removed totally and 3 subtotally. There were no postoperative neurological deficits. All the other tumors were resected completely without neurological dysfunction observed, however, one patient with a cholesteatoma failed to demonstrate apparent improvement in his diplopia. Conclusion: Microsurgical treatment of posterior cranial fossa tumors via keyhole approaches, with safe, succinct and minimally invasive property, is one of the promising directions in modern neurosurgery.
Porphyrias; Seven different porphyrias form a group of inherited metabolic disorders, each resulting from a partial deficiency of a specific enzyme in the haem biosynthesis pathway. Clinically, the three most important entities are an acute porphyric attack and acute and chronic skin symptoms. Porphyrias are rare and sometimes misdiagnosed, because various symptoms and signs mimic other diseases. Once porphyria is suspected, biochemical analyses easily detect porphyrins and their precursors from blood, urine, or faeces. Mutation screening can be done at the quiescent phase of the disease. Pathogenetic mechanisms and clinical manifestations differ in individual porphyrias and most of them require a specific treatment. Early diagnosis and information about precipitating factors can diminish mortality and prevent subsequent attacks among patients with acute porphyrias, so mutation screening is recommended for family members.
ORL; Following subjects are presented: General ENT: tonsillectomy, predictive factors for post-tonsillectomy hemorrage, oxymetry, sleeping breathing problems on developpement of the child, consens on otitis media with effusion. Rhinology: reflux in chronic sinusitis, importance of olfaction, consens on chronic rhinosinusitis in terms of definition, diagnosis, epidemiology, and treatment, role of adenoids in chronic sinusitis. Otology: postraumatic and idiopathic cupulolithiasis, mastoidectomy, dose limited gamma knife in the treatment of neurinomas, treatment of tinnitus, treatment of otitis externa. Salivary glands: Coxackie virus as cause of Sjögren syndrome, Botox in hypersalivation, cortisone in facial palsy, Bell's palsy in nasal flu vaccine. Diverse: thyroidectomies, endoscopic thyroidectomies, interest of the ligasure.
Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the middle ear in a cat; Squamous cell carcinomas are a locally invasive malignant tumor, with late spread to local lymph nodes and distant metastasis. A 3-year old mixed breed female spayed cat presented head tilt to the left side and edema in the same ear, with blocked external ear canal for purulent discharge. The animal showed signs of paralysis of the facial nerve and cervical sympathetic nerves. The radiographic signs of skull showed increase density of tympanic cavity, temporal osteolysis and the tympanic bula was thick. Surgical treatment was performed through a total canal ablation, lateral bulla osteotomy and placement of a Penrose drain. The histological examination of the external and middle ear diagnosed a well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma. The prognostic results was reserved because of the aggressive behavior of tumor. The owner of the animal chose to follow the animal with support treatment only. Two months later the animal died with neurological symptoms.
Severe neurological complications of chickenpox: Report of four cases; Neurological complications caused by chickenpox are estimated as approximately 0.01%-0.03%. Frequent complications related to central nerve system involvement are cerebellar ataxia and encephalitis, and rare complications are transverse myelitis, aseptic meningitis, Guillian-Barré syndrome, meningoencephalitis, ventriculitis, optic neuritis, post-hepatic neuralgia, herpes zoster ophalmicus, delayed controlateral hemiparesis, peripheral motor neuropathy, cerebral angitis, Reye syndrome and facial paralysis. In present study, additional four cases were presented who diagnosed as chickenpox within one year and developed neurological complications. Cerebellar ataxia developed in two of our cases while cerebellar ataxia plus encephalitis was present in one case and peripheral type facial paralysis in the other.
Carcinoid tumor of the middle ear: A case report; Middle ear (ME) carcinoid tumor is exceedingly rare. We present a case of ME carcinoid tumor in a 29-year-old woman whose chief complaints were right otalgia, aural fullness, hearing loss, and facial palsy of 5 days duration. A reddish bulging mass behind the right eardrum and right facial palsy staged as grade IV on the House-Brackmann scale were noted. The high-resolution computed tomography of the temporal bone showed a soft-tissue density mass in the right middle ear and antrum without bony invasion. Although the initial diagnosis was ME adenoma made by the intraoperative frozen section report, the tumor was resected completely by a modified conservative ossicles-preservation method. The patient's initial symptoms of otalgia, aural fullness, and hearing loss immediately improved after surgery, and facial palsy diminished in the following months. No recurrence was noted after 12 months of follow-up. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A comparison of temporalis transfer and free latissimus dorsi transfer in lower facial reanimation following unilateral longstanding facial palsy; The ultimate goal in the treatment of facial palsy is the restoration of voluntary and spontaneous movement to the paralyzed side of the face, symmetrical to the normal side. We report our experience treating 40 patients with established facial palsy over a 4-year period. All patients underwent either temporalis transfer or free latissimus dorsi transfer as a single stage to improve lower facial symmetry. We believe that both techniques reliably achieve an increase of movement in facial reanimation after oncological, traumatic, or congenital facial palsy.
Remifentanil in the management of severe tetanus; A 61-yr-old woman presented with severe tetanus. Her intensive care management was complicated by severe generalized tetanic spasms despite the use of propofol, midazolam, alfentanil, magnesium sulphate, and atracurium. We describe the management of this problem with a variable dose remifentanil infusion. © The Board of Management and Trustees of the British Journal of Anaesthesia 2004.
Magnetic resonance imaging of microneurovascular free muscle flaps in facial reanimation; The purpose of this study was to describe the survival and volume of microneurovascular muscle flaps at different times after two-stage facial reanimation procedure by using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and to compare the functional outcome with MRI findings. Fifteen patients with a mean age of 36 years (range 7-63 years) operated on between 1988 and 1999 were available for this study. The muscles used for functional reconstruction were the latissimus dorsi (eight patients), gracilis (six patients) and serratus anterior (one patient). Hospital charts were reviewed and the clinical outcome of facial reanimation was graded on a scale from 1 to 6 according to House. The mean postoperative follow-up time was 7 years (range 3-14 years). Clinical grading and 1.5 T unit MRI of patients were performed concomitantly. The MR images were evaluated semi-quantitatively so that the muscle structure of the free flaps was graded on a scale from 1 to 4. The free flap area of each slice was defined and the volume of the free flap was calculated. Data were analysed statistically. The long-term functional outcome of the facial reanimation was regarded as good in 10 patients, which means they had only mild or moderate dysfunction of facial movements. In MR images, six free flaps displayed normal muscle structure, another six had a fatty appearance and two displayed severe muscle atrophy; in one patient the muscle tissue could not be identified. The volume of the free flap clearly declined in the course of the follow-up. A correlation was found between good functional outcome and normal muscle structure of the free flap in MRI, p=0.020. The longer the follow-up time after muscle transplantation the poorer the functional result. A similar correlation was found between abnormal muscle structure in MRI and a long follow-up time. Magnetic resonance imaging can be used to assess the muscle structure of free microneurovascular flaps. Normal findings in MRI seem to correlate with a good clinical outcome in facial reanimation. A good functional result correlates with a shorter follow-up time and normal muscle structure in MRI. © 2004 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Osteoplastic maxillotomy for treatment of neoplasms of the nasopharynx and infratemporal fossa; Approaches to the infratemporal fossa and nasopharynx are difficult because of the anatomic complexity of these regions. We describe our experience with osteoplastic maxillotomy, with our own modifications, and evaluate oncological outcomes and postoperative quality of life. Ten patients underwent osteoplastic maxillotomy, 3 of whom had a diagnosis of malignancy, and 7 of whom had nasopharyngeal angiofibromas (NPAs). A Weber-Fergusson incision was made to develop facial flaps and preserve the vascularity of the maxilla. Osteotomies were performed through the facial aspects of the maxilla, on the orbital rims, and on the malar eminence for the medial variant of the procedure. The anterolateral variant involved descent of the temporalis muscle with preservation of the facial nerve, and a zygomatic osteotomy. Four craniotomies were done. Two patients had the medial variant of the procedure, and 8 had the anterolateral variant. The complications were transient and mild. The patients who had malignancies are alive with no disease, and there was 1 recurrence among the 7 patients with NPAs. We found excellent aesthetic results in 8 of the 10 patients, and no change in basic functions in 8 patients. Osteoplastic maxillotomy allows resection of massive NPAs with no significant bleeding. Resection of malignant lesions with good results is feasible.
Middle ear carcinoma originating from a primary acquired cholesteatoma: A case report; Objectives: To describe middle ear carcinoma originating from the matrix of primary acquired cholesteatoma in a 43-year-old man and to discuss the relationship between middle ear carcinoma and cholesteatoma. Study design: Case report. Setting: Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery of Niigata University Medical and Dental Hospital, which is a tertiary care center, Niigata, Japan. Patient: A 43-year-old man demonstrated symptoms resembling those of cholesteatoma: facial palsy, gradually progressive hearing loss, and chronic draining of the right ear. Other objective findings also supported a finding of cholesteatoma, but a computed tomographic scan and magnetic resonance imaging scan showed a well-enhanced mass and extensive bony erosion in the middle ear. At surgery, a granulous tumor in the mastoid cavity was diagnosed as squamous cell carcinoma, and closely coexisting cholesteatoma was found. Surgical specimen demonstrated carcinoma and cholesteatoma in the same field. Intervention: Radiation and chemotherapy were performed followed-up by mastoidectomy. Conclusion: Because middle ear carcinoma has a poor prognosis, it is important to detect lesions early. It is necessary to consider that middle ear carcinoma arises from not only chronic otitis media or surgical invasion but also from primary acquired cholesteatoma.
Intratemporal facial nerve schwannoma: A management dilemma; Objective: To report the findings in patients with facial nerve schwannoma in whom surgery was elected at onset versus patients treated expectantly. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Setting: Tertiary referral center. Patients: Twenty-four patients with a mean age of 44 years (range, 18-65 yr) were followed for an average of 6 years (range, 1-19 yr). Intervention: Eleven patients underwent complete tumor excision and 13 patients were enrolled in ongoing monitoring only. Main Outcome Measures: Facial nerve function and hearing acuity were noted at the time of initial and last visits. Magnetic resonance imaging was used to determine tumor growth in those individuals treated expectantly and as a means of excluding tumor recurrence/persistence in those treated surgically. Results: Of the 11 patients who underwent tumor removal, the facial nerve was spared in 7. Eight had varying degrees of facial nerve dysfunction initially. In this group (mean follow-up, 8 yr), six patients had unchanged nerve function, four had improved nerve function, and one had worsened. No long-term recurrence was noted. Of the 13 patients followed expectantly, three had facial weakness initially. During the follow-up interval (mean, 5 yr), facial function remained unchanged for eight and worsened in five. During this interval, 4 of the 13 patients demonstrated tumor growth and 3 have recently undergone tumor removal. Conclusion: Facial nerve schwannomas are extremely slow growing and frequently present without facial dysfunction. It is possible to surgically remove these tumors while sparing the nerve; as a result, postoperative function is correspondingly better. Finally, the decision on how to treat these patients should be individualized and based on initial facial function, growth rate, surgical experience, and informed patient consent.
Uncrossed cortico-muscular projections in humans are abundant to facial muscles of the upper and lower face, but may differ between sexes; It is a popular concept in clinical neurology that muscles of the lower face receive predominantly crossed cortico-bulbar motor input, whereas muscles of the upper face receive additional ipsilateral, uncrossed input. To test this notion, we used focal transcranial magnetic brain stimulation to quantify crossed and uncrossed cortico-muscular projections to 6 different facial muscles (right and left Mm. frontalis, nasalis, and orbicularis oris) in 36 healthy right-handed volunteers (15 men, 21 women, mean age 25 years). Uncrossed input was present in 78 % to 92 % of the 6 examined muscles. The mean uncrossed: crossed response amplitude ratios were 0.74/0.65 in right/left frontalis, 0.73/0.59 in nasalis, and 0.54/0.71 in orbicularis oris; ANOVA p > 0.05). Judged by the sizes of motor evoked potentials, the cortical representation of the 3 muscles was similar. The amount of uncrossed projections was different between men and women, since men had stronger left-to-left projections and women stronger right-to-right projections. We conclude that the amount of uncrossed pyramidal projections is not different for muscles of the upper from those of the lower face. The clinical observation that frontal muscles are often spared in central facial palsies must, therefore, be explained differently. Moreover, gender specific lateralization phenomena may not only be present for higher level behavioural functions, but may also affect simple systems on a lower level of motor hierarchy.
Paralyzed face. Ansa cervicalis nervi hypoglossi-facial nerve anastomosis as an alternative to hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis?; Introduction. For 100 years hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis (HFA) has been a common surgical procedure for reanimation of paralyzed mimic muscles of the face after axotomy of the facial nerve. However, the denervation and subsequent scarred degeneration of the target muscles of the hypoglossal nerve often results in unfavorable late effects for speech and swallowing. Therefore, the ansa cervicalis nervi hypoglossi-facial nerve anastomosis (ACH-FA) can be an alternative to avoid such late effects. As a branch of the hypoglossal nerve the ansa cervicalis innervates the infrahyoidal muscles. Neck dissection surgery proved that resection of the ansa cervicalis causes no side effects for swallowing beca use of several nerve anastomoses to the cervical plexus. Patients and method. We compared our clinical results of eight cases following a delayed ACHFA with our own experiences after HFA and results from the literature. Results. We found a reanimation rate lower than usually seen after HFA only in the target muscles of the forehead. This may be caused by a reduced neuronal plasticity of the ansa cervicalis. However, in the target muscles of the other two facial nerve branches we observed the same good results one would expect after HFA. There were no late side effects for swallowing and speech though.
Use of a suture anchor for correction of ectropion in facial paralysis; We have developed an alternative technique for the correction of ectropion in facial paralysis using a precise anchor suture. The anchor, with 3-0 nonabsorbable suture attached, is inserted into a hole at the frontal process of the maxilla. The sutures are passed from a medial canthal incision in the submuscular and pre-tarsal plane through stab incisions in sequence to a lateral canthal incision and then tied to the periosteum of the frontal process of the zygoma to keep the lower eyelid in a slightly overcorrected position. Our experience over a mean follow-up period of 24 months has shown this simple and fast procedure to be a safe and reliable option for ectropion caused by facial paralysis.
Melanoma of the head and neck; Staging of cutaneous melanoma has changed in recent years with an increased emphasis upon thickness and ulceration on prognosis of early stage disease. Cutaneous melanoma of the head and neck is treated with complete surgical resection in early stage disease. Resection margins are determined by the size, depth, and presence of satellite lesions. Evaluation for regional and distant metastatic disease is necessary in all cases of advanced stage disease. Sentinel lymph node biopsy and possible parotidectomy and neck dissection should be considered in head and neck cutaneous melanomas greater than 1 mm in thickness or with ulceration. Adjuvant therapy may be indicated in advanced primary, nodal, and metastatic disease. Mucosal melanoma of the head and neck remains a difficult disease to treat, with high locoregional recurrence rates and poor prognosis despite aggressive therapy. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Persistent unilateral orbital and eyelid oedema as a manifestation of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a complex neuromucocutaneous disorder characterized by localized orofacial oedema and cranial nerve dysfunction, frequently associated with minor signs, including furrowed tongue. Complete forms are rare whereas mono- and oligosymptomatic variants are more common. A 71-year-old man presented with a 2-year history of relapsing and progressively persistent oedema of the right eyelids and periorbital region. A fissured tongue and telangiectatic rosacea had been present since the age of 50 and 60 years, respectively. The patient was also affected by essential hypertension and diabetes mellitus. A skin biopsy showed a marked upper dermal oedema, and small epithelioid cell granulomas arranged in perivascular and perilymphatic location. Collections of small epithelioid cells were occasionally observed within lymphatic spaces. No acid-fast bacteria, fungi or foreign bodies were detected. Intralesional corticosteroids induced transient improvement, whereas minocycline, clofazimine and dapsone have been ineffective. MRS may present with unilateral eyelid and periorbital swelling. Differential diagnoses of such cases may include a variety of cutaneous, ophthalmic and systemic diseases. © 2004 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Radiological and radionuclide investigation of malignant otitis externa; This study looks at case series of malignant otitis externa, outlines detailed structural (radiological) and functional (radionuclide) investigations, and discusses their utility in the initial diagnosis, patient management and follow up of this condition. Patients were investigated by computerized tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), two-phase planar and single-photon emission tomography (SPECT), technetium-99m methylenediphosphonate bone scans, gallium-67 planar and SPECT scans, and indium-111 or technetium-99m labelled WBC planar and SPECT scintigraphy. We discuss example case reports with the various radiological and scintigraphic findings and outline a protocol for rational investigation. It is concluded that CT and/or MRI should be supported by routine SPECT bone imaging for initial diagnosis of malignant otitis externa. Routine SPECT bone imaging further supplemented by gallium scintigraphy should be the investigation of choice in the follow up of these cases for assessing response to treatment and disease recurrence.
Lidloading and intraocular pressure; Background: Implantation of rigid gold or platinum lid weights (lidloading) represents the most common method for therapy of patients with lagophthalmus as a result of facial palsy. In a more recent approach also flexible platinum chains have been used. Glaucoma has frequently been described as a contraindication for lidloading. The aim of this study was to proof if lid weights lead to an increase of the intraocular pressure (IOP). Patients and methods: In a prospective study the IOP has been measured before and after implantation of 46 rigid gold implants and 39 flexible platinum chains in patients with paralytic lagophthalmos. Results: Neither the implantation of rigid gold implants nor the use of the flexible platinum chain lead to a statistically significant change of the IOP. There was also no difference between the two groups. Conclusion: With this study we could demonstrate that glaucoma is not an absolute contraindication for the use of lid weights in patients with paralytic lagophthalmos. Moreover a lid weight is easily removable if complications should occur.
Trauma to the ear; Trauma of the ear is a common presentation to the emergency room, and consists of a variety of pathologies encompassing simple trauma to the auricle at one end of the spectrum and extending to temporal bone fractures complicated by facial nerve palsy and leak of cerebrospinal fluid. This paper looks at the application of fundamental principles in the assessment of such patients, and identifies management strategies that can limit morbidity and improve outcomes. It is written as a simple guide for nonotolaryngologists, and emphasizes clinical assessment and disposal rather than actual treatment. © 2005 Edward Arnold (Publishers) Ltd.
Indications for gamma knife treatment; The first radiosurgical tool ever to be developed and used clinically is the gamma knife. The gamma knife has been invented by the neurosurgeon Lars Leksell for the treatment of intracranial neurosurgical conditions. The prototype was first used in Stockholm in 1968. Today, the gamma knife is used for the treatment of intracranial benign and malignant tumours, the treatment of cerebral vascular malformations and functional neurosurgery. Until now, more than 300 000 patients have been treated with the gamma knife worldwide. Over the last ten years, the use of gamma knife radiosurgery has grown exponentially. Because of its unparalleled precision, the great experience with more than 1200 publications, the minimal inconvenience to the patient and the excellent results especially in complicated and inoperable brain tumours, gamma knife treatment is the gold standard of radiosurgery today. In benign brain tumours, such as meningioma, acoustic neuroma or pituitary adenoma, long-term local tumour control is achieved in more than 90% following gamma knife treatment. In patients with skull base- and posterior fossa-meningioma, neurological function of cranial nerves may often be restored with gamma knife treatment, if the patient is referred in time. In impending neurological deficits as may occur in anterior clinoid process meningioma, a timely gamma knife treatment may prevent the impending optic nerve deficit altogether. In patients with acoustic neurinoma, gamma knife treatment allows for an effective tumour control without surgical risks, such as facial nerve palsy, postoperative infection, cerebrospinal fluid leak, etc. Therefore, gamma knife treatment is today the preferred treatment over surgery in patients with Samii Grade I-III acoustic neuromas. In patients with pituitary adenoma, normalisation of endocrine overproduction may be achieved besides local tumour control. In malignant brain tumours such as metastasis, local tumour control is achieved in more than 80%. Even so-called radioresistant tumours such as metastases of malignant melanomas or renal cell carcinomas respond with excellent local tumour control rates of more than 90% following gamma knife treatment. In patients with brain metastasis, gamma knife treatment is a noninvasive way to maintain a high Karnofsky performance score throughout the course of the disease even in the presence of multiple brain metastases. In our experience in Zurich, patients with cerebral metastasis who have been treated with the gamma knife do not die from their cerebral disease but from the systemic progression of the tumour. In cerebral vascular malformations, obliteration rates at two years following gamma knife treatment typically range from 66 to 80%. In functional neurosurgery, gamma knife treatment is now mostly used for the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia. Success rates are around 80% with a delay for pain relief of several months. Gamma knife treatment is also used as a noninvasive way to achieve thalamotomy in patients with movement disorders. Another means of radiosurgery is the treatment with a linear accelerator. Often such treatments are performed without a stereotactic head frame, the various machines and software may differ considerably from one another and so may the treatment protocols and the experience of the team. Because of all those factors, reproducability and comparability of clinical results following linear accelerator treatments remain somewhat questionable.
Acute otitis media; The otites, especially Acute Otitis Media, are diseases that occur in all ages, mainly in childhood, and extremely frequent at usual clinical practice. We present the physiopathological and microbiological aspects, clinical findings, complications and treatment of the several clinical forms, such as the complications, that must be known by all physicians to avoid the sequels caused by this disease.
Idiopatic angioedema treated with dapsone; The most commonly identified causes of angioedema are medications, allergens and physical agents, but most cases of angioedema are idiopathic. Treatment depends on identification of the causative agent and, especially when the mechanism is not identified, on the clinician's knowledge and experience with innovative therapeutic regimens. Case report: A 48-year-old man presented with a 3-month history of recurrent severe episodes of angioedema affecting the lips, tongue and throat. A fiberoptic examination revealed laryngeal edema during some episodes. He did not report abdominal pain, nausea or vomiting. No precipitating factors were identified. The patient was not receiving angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors. For the previous 4 years, the patient had been receiving levothyroxine for autoimmune thyroiditis. There was no history of facial palsy or hereditary angioedema. Allergy study: Skin prick test with aeroallergens, food, latex, Anisakis and patch test to a standard series (true test) were negative. Laboratory investigations revealed normal complete blood count (CBC), erythrocyte sedimentation rate, urinalysis, blood biochemistry, serum protein electrophoresis and serum immunoglobulins. IgE concentration was 30 Ul/ml. Antiperoxidase antibodies were positive (535 Ul/ml). Antinuclear antibodies serum immune complexes and rheumatoid factor were negative. Complement study during acute and asymptomatic periods revealed normal values of C1 esterase inhibitor, C1q, C3, C4, functional activity of C1 inhibitor and CH50. No pathologic findings were observed in a lip biopsy. The patient was treated with sedating and nonsedating H1 antihistamines and corticosteroids (prednisone 30 mg/day for 3 months) with no clinical improvement and treatment with 50 mg of dapsone daily was started. Glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency had previously been ruled out. The patient improved and antihistamine and corticoid treatment was withdrawn 1 month after starting the dapsone regimen. No episodes of angioedema appeared during the subsequent year. No reductions in hematologic parameters or adverse events were detected. Dapsone may be an alternative drug in extreme cases of idiopathic angioedema in patients with poor response to conventional therapy.
"Numb chin" as the first and sole presenting sign of multiple sclerosis; Cranial nerve palsies are occasional clinical findings in multiple sclerosis. Sometimes, they are the presenting sign of multiple sclerosis. Facial numbness localized in the region of the distribution of the mental nerve has been labeled 'the numb chin syndrome'. Differential diagnosis in presentations such as these includes cancer that involves the mental nerve. Here we report a case of numb chin syndrome, a more limited form of trigeminal nerve involvement, as the first and sole presentation of multiple sclerosis.
Involvement of scalp in leprosy; It is generally believed that hairy scalp is an immune zone for leprosy lesion, because of the higher temperature of the scalp, which is not suitable for the habitation of lepra bacilli. Here is a report of borderline tuberculoid leprosy involving scalp and the right side of the face. The patient also had features of type 1 lepra reaction and facial palsy on the right side.
Peripheral facial paralysis associated with anti-tetanic serotherapy: A case report; Introduction. Peripheral facial paralysis (PFP) is a frequent symptom, idiopathic forms predominate. Toxin-related PFP was not common pathology and apparently has not been documented in the literature. Observation. We report a case of sudden-onset PFP which resolved rapidly in a patient given tetanic anti-serotherapy for a wound of the lower limb. Physical examination and search for a cause were unable to establish a specific etiology. The clinical course of this case of PFP (rapid regression from the fifth day and total resolution at the twentieth) was compatible with a toxic cause, although a frigore cannot be excluded. Conclusion. Although generally idiopathic, peripheral facial paralysis can result from a toxic cause (drug, industrial toxic, narcotic). The direct causal mechanism is often difficult to establish. History taking and imaging, particularly magnetic resonance imaging, are helpful in ruling out other causes (inflammation, tumor).
Comprehensive ptosis classification; A comprehensive complete ptosis classification is presented.
Prognosis of zona in immunocompetent children; Introduction: Zona is a viral infection rarely affecting healthy children. Its course is generally not severe on this ground. We report six observations of zona affecting immunocompetent children one case of which complicated with facial paralysis. Patients and methodes: this retrospective study deals about young patients affected with zona and not more than 15 years of age over a period of 5 years. Results: three girls and three boys, 6,5 years of median age, present no immunodeficiency. The zona occured in the intercostal area in two cases, lumbarfemoral in two cases, cervicobrachial in one case and in the Ramsay-Hunt area in the sixth case where the zona was accompanied by a facial paralysis. The course was favourable under symptomatic treatment in 5 cases. As to the sixth case complicated with facial paralysis, we had to resort to an antiviral treatment associated with general corticotherapy. Comments: the course of zona in the child is usually benign. Nevertheless, we should not be unaware of the existence of complications such as facial paralysis observed in our patient. The treatment is symptomatic in the common forms and requires resort to early antiviral treatment in the complex forms so as to prevent after-effects. © Copyright 2005, CIC Edizioni Internazionali, Roma.
Cost of care comparison between cerebral palsy patients treated with botulinum toxin type A and propensity score-matched controls; This analysis compared children with cerebral palsy treated with botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) versus those not treated with BTX-A to assess the total cost of care and utilisation in a state run Medicaid program in the United States. A retrospective pre/post design was used with nested case-control matching based on propensity scores. Data for the study were extracted from the paid claims for South Carolina Medicaid recipients from 1995 through 2001. Extracted variables included cost of services, procedures performed and diagnoses. It was hypothesised that BTX-A use would not increase the total cost of care but would be related to cerebral palsy diagnosis (e.g. diplegia, hemiplegia, quadriplegia) when demographic covariates (age, race, gender), comorbid conditions (analgesic use, scoliosis, hydrocephalus, hip dysplasia, mental retardation, seizures) and hospitalisations were controlled. Conditional logistic regression via a Cox regression model was used to estimate the relationship between BTX-A use and the aforementioned variables. A total of 2,364 patients met the study inclusion and exclusion criteria. After 1:6 matching, a total of 406 patients were used in the analyses (58 cases and 348 matched controls). After matching, no significant differences were noted between the groups on any of the study variables. Regression results indicated that cerebral palsy diagnosis, but not cost, was significantly related to BTX-A treatment. The cerebral palsy categories of diplegia (β=2.55; hazard ratio [HR]=5.91), hemiplegia (β=5.43; HR=23.88) and quadriplegia (β=4.23; HR=10.22) were all significant in the model (p ≤ 0.01). The mean 2-year cost of treatment for BTX-A users (in US$) was $44,761 (SD $56,643) versus $41,553 (SD $57,844) for non-BTX-A users. These results indicate that, over the 24 months studied, BTX-A did not add to the total cost of care. Whilst the number of subjects is small, it represents the entire population of cerebral palsy patients treated over the study period. © 2005 T&F Informa UK Ltd.
Crocodile tears syndrome: Botulinum toxin treatment under EMG guidance; Crocodile tears syndrome is one of the rare complications of facial paralysis. There have been several reports of cases in which botulinum toxin was found to be useful in the treatment of crocodile tears syndrome. The adverse effects, due to the paralytic action of botulinum toxin, have been reported to involve the palpebral muscle, lateral rectus and superior rectus. Therefore, we considered that it might be more appropriate to carry out the injection procedure under electromyographic guidance in order to inject botulinum toxin selectively into the lacrimal gland and protect the above-mentioned muscles. In conclusion, we recommend EMG guidance in the treatment of crocodile tears syndrome with botulinum toxin.
When is facial paralysis Bell palsy? Current diagnosis and treatment; Bell palsy is largely a diagnosis of exclusion, but certain features in the history and physical examination help distinguish it from facial paralysis due to other conditions: eg, abrupt onset with complete, unilateral facial weakness at 24 to 72 hours, and, on the affected side, numbness or pain around the ear, a reduction in taste, and hypersensitivity to sounds. Corticosteroids and antivirals given within 10 days of onset have been shown to help. But Bell palsy resolves spontaneously without treatment in most patients within 6 months.
Rare osteodysplasias of the temporal bone; The osteodysplasia of the temporal bone can produce many different symptoms like involvement restrict to the temporal bone or with impairment of others bone. We consider, in this study, two entity like rare osteodysplasia that are the osteopetrosis and the Camurati-Engelmann's disease, last one extremely rare. We present two cases of osteopetrosis, in the benign form (Albers-Schulenburg's disease), a patient of 11 years old and another of 48 years old, both male and a patient of 28 years old, female, with the Camurati-Engelmann's disease. The facial palsy was a manifestation in two of the patients. We discuss some aspects about the clinical manifestations, radiologic findings, as well as the differential diagnostic and the therapy in the face of the complications of the diseases.
Management of cholesteatomatous labyrinthine fistulae on 22 cases; Objective: To study the incidence, location, pre- and postoperative symptoms (hearing loss, tinnitus, vertigo, facial palsy), preoperative diagnostic imaging, and surgical treatment of labyrinthine fistulae (LF). Design: Retrospective case review. Patients: Twenty-two cases of LF over 382 mastoid operations performed in a 168-month period. Main Outcome Measures: Clinical, imaging, and surgical correlation of extensive fistulae and bone fistulae. Results: LF prevalence was 5.8%. The main primary symptoms were otorrhea and hypoacusis. Only four patients presented vertigo as their main complaint. All patients underwent preoperative computed tomographic (CT) scans and preoperative audiometry. LF diagnosis was made before surgery for 100% of patients on the basis of CT scan. A second fistula was, however, misdiagnosed by imaging in two patients. With respect to surgical technique, a canal wall down procedure was performed in 77% and a conservative procedure was performed in 23%. Fistula was located in the horizontal semicircular canal in 100% of cases, and in 9%, a second fistula was operatively diagnosed. In 91% of cases, the matrix was removed, whereas it was left in the course of a canal down procedure in 9%. With a follow-up of 5.7 years, hearing remained unchanged in 80% of patients. Conclusions: Surgery with removal of the cholesteatoma matrix and sealing of the fistula with temporalis fascia is a safe procedure that can help preserve cochlear function. The choice of a canal down procedure would be influenced by cholesteatoma characteristics rather than by the finding of an LF.
Evidence for Zolpidem efficacy in brain damage; Previous reports have shown that zolpidem could reverse semi-coma and improve cerebral perfusion after brain injury. Studies in animals have implicated omega 1 GABAergic action as reason for this improvement. Evidence for the efficacy of zolpidem in a wide range of brain pathology is reviewed here and the mechanism of zolpidem in brain injury is considered from the perspective of diaschisis and neurological dormancy after brain injury.
MRI in multiple myeloma with orbital and dural invasion; The case of a 42-year-old woman with aleukemic Bence Jones-type multiple myeloma who developed ocular abnormalities is described. Extramedullary plasmocytomas, either as solitary lesions or as manifestations of multiple myeloma, rarely involve the orbit and dural structures. Early detection of such lesions indicates an aggressive clinical course. In this paper we describe the magnetic resonance imaging findings of ocular and dural myelomatous involvement.
The features of myasthenia gravis with autoantibodies to MuSK; Objectives: To determine if myasthenia gravis (MG) with antibodies to MuSK is a distinct subgroup of seronegative MG. Methods: We assayed antibodies to muscle specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) in 55 MG patients who had no antibodies to acetylcholine receptors and looked for the specific phenotype, comparing clinical features of anti-MuSK positive and anti-MuSK negative MG patients. Results: MG with anti-MuSK antibodies was characterised by a striking prevalence of female patients (15 women, two men). Age at onset ranged from 22 to 52 years, with 70.6% of patients presenting at <40 years of age. The majority of patients (82.4%) had prevalent involvement of facial and bulbar muscles. One third of them did not respond well to anticholinesterase drugs. Steroid immunosuppression was effective in eight patients (44.4%). Nine patients underwent thymectomy; six of these had no thymus pathology, while three had a hyperplastic thymus. At the end of the observation period, six (35.3%) patients were in remission, five (29.4%) improved, four (23.6%) did not change, and two (11.7%) had died. Conclusions: MG patients with antibodies to MuSK have characteristic clinical features that are different from features of the remaining seronegative MG patients. This emphasises the predictive value of anti-MuSK antibody analysis in seronegative MG patients.
Cerebrospinal fluid leakage during dacryocystorhinostomy in a patient with meningoencephalocele; PURPOSE. To report a rare case of cerebrospinal fluid leakage during dacryocystorhinostomy in a patient with Möbius syndrome and meningoencephalocele and to explain our experience in the management of this complication. METHODS. A 9-year-old girl with a history of surgically repaired fronto-ethmoidal meningoencephalocele and bilateral canthopexy was diagnosed with Möbius syndrome and underwent sequential bilateral dacryocystorhinostomy and silicone intubation because of dysgenesis of the lacrimal drainage pathway. RESULTS. Both dacryocystorhinostomies resulted in cerebrospinal fluid leakage, which spontaneously ceased with conservative management. CONCLUSIONS. Dacryocystorhinostomy surgery in patients with a history of trauma or surgery or congenital defects around the base of the nose or lacrimal system may rarely result in cerebrospinal fluid leakage; thus an ophthalmologist should be familiar with its management. © Wichtig Editore, 2005.
Pseudomonas sepsis with Noma: An association?; We report here a 2.5-year-old male child with community-acquired Pseudomonal sepsis showing the characteristic lesions of ecthyma gangrenosum. The child had development of gangrenous changes of the nose and face - the ′cancrum oris′ or ′Noma′. We highlight the possible association of Pseudomonas sepsis and Noma, with malnutrition playing a central role in causing both the diseases.
The spectrum of Möbius syndrome: An electrophysiological study; We studied the nature and extent of facial muscle innervation and the involvement of the motor and sensory long tracts in Möbius syndrome, in order to shed light on the pathophysiological mechanism of the syndrome. Standardized blink reflexes, direct responses of the facial nerves to the orbicularis oculi muscles and concentric needle electrode electromyography in orbicularis oculi and/or oris muscles were measured in 11 patients with Möbius syndrome, of whom six participated in MRI studies, all showing absent facial nerves. We performed motor- and somatosensory-evoked potentials in seven Möbius patients. We demonstrated three distinct patterns of abnormalities suggesting different sites of the primary lesion in different patients. (i) Presence of normal blink reflexes and facial compound motor action potentials, normal habituation tests, a reduced recruitment in the facial muscles and an aberrant 'blink reflex-like' response of the orbicularis oculi muscle upon stimulation of the facial nerve region, which suggests a supranuclear origin of the defect. (ii) Absent blink reflexes, absent direct responses of the facial nerves and absent motor activity on needle electromyography, indicating a defect at the facial nuclear level. However, the nuclear defect might mask an additional supranuclear defect, which cannot, therefore, be excluded in these patients. (iii) A disperse pattern of facial compound action potentials combined with long latencies that were recorded with concentric needle electrodes, indicating involvement of motor axons in the facial nerve, possibly secondary to nuclear involvement. An additional supranuclear defect cannot be excluded in these cases. All evoked potentials studied were normal. The electrophysiological findings of the facial muscles show a spectrum of disturbances varying in degree of severity and diverse in the extent of structures involved, in 11 Möbius patients. At one end of the spectrum are patients with completely immobile faces in whom electrophysiological testing shows no signs of involvement of the facial nuclei, nerves or muscles, suggestive of a dysfunction at the supranuclear level. At the other extreme of the spectrum are patients with complete absence of responses upon facial nerve stimulation and absence of motor unit activity. This is at least indicative of a defect at the facial nuclear level. While a supranuclear defect is compatible with the concept that Möbius syndrome is a developmental disorder of the lower brainstem, intact facial nuclei as part of the syndrome has not been suggested before. The findings corroborate the concept of the Möbius syndrome being a complex regional developmental disorder of the brainstem. © The Author (2005). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Guarantors of Brain. All rights reserved.
Sustained efficacy and safety of vardenafil for treatment of erectile dysfunction: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability, efficacy, and safety of vardenafil, 10 rag, for patients with erectile dysfunction. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Vardenafil-naive patients completed a 4-week treatment-free run-in phase and a 1-week single-dose vardenafil (10 mg) open-label challenge phase. Responders to vardenafil in the challenge phase were randomized to 12 weeks of double-blind, fixed-dose treatment with vardenafil at 10 mg or placebo. Diary responses to Sexual Encounter Profile (SEP) questions about erections and attempts at sexual activity were collected after 4, 8, and 12 weeks of randomized treatment. Adverse events were monitored throughout the study. RESULTS: During the open-label challenge phase, the proportions of patients with a first-time success for penetration (SEP2) and maintenance of erection (SEF3) were 87% and 74%, respectively. Of 600 patients challenged with a single dose of vardenafil at 10 mg, 360 were randomized to vardenafil and 263 to placebo. During the double-blind phase, the reliability of penetration and maintenance rates for patients successful during the challenge phase were significantly greater with vardenafil compared with placebo (83.4% vs 55.8% [SEP2] and 76.6% vs 42.1% [SEP3], respectively). At week 12, patients in the vardenafil group had a consistently higher least squares mean (SE) on the erectile function domain score of the International Index of Erectile Function than patients in the placebo group (23.5 [0.4] vs 15.8 [0.4], respectively [last observation carried forward]) and a greater proportion of positive responses to the Global Assessment Question (80.8% vs 32.3%, respectively [last observation carried forward]) at each assessment (P<.001). Vardenafil was generally well tolerated; most adverse events were mild to moderate, with headache and flushing reported most frequently. CONCLUSION: During this 12-week study, vardenafil produced consistently higher reliability of penetration and maintenance of erection rates compared to placebo and was generally well tolerated in patients with erectile dysfunction. © 2005 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research.
Pirfenidone for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: Therapeutic potential prompts further investigation; Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a rare, progressive disease of the lungs with unknown aetiology. Currently, there is no therapy that is specifically approved to be used for IPF treatment and the efficacy of 'conventional therapy', recommended by the existing therapeutic guidelines and consisting of a combination of corticosteroids with immunosuppressives, is not sufficiently substantiated. Based on the current pathogenetic hypothesis advocating the major role of fibrosis in IPF, novel antifibrotic agents are being developed for the treatment of this disease. Among them, IFN-γ and N-acetylcysteine are at later stages of clinical development. Pirfenidone is another antifibrotic agent that has also demonstrated preclinical anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects. Earlier clinical studies showed that prifenidone could be efficacious for IPF treatment. Pirfenidone acquired orphan drug status in both Europe and the US for the treatment of IPF. The current randomised, placebo-controlled study authored by Azuma et al. further assesses its efficacy in IPF patients and searches for new potential efficacy end points in this setting. © 2005 Ashley Publications.
Rhino-orbitocerebral mucormycosis: A case report; Rhino-orbitocerebral mucormycosis is an unusual fatal fungal disease that is directly spreaded from the infected orbita or sinuses and effects CNS (central nervous system). The active fungoid is found at human's nasal and pharynx floras and in the earth, rotten bread and fruits as saprofites. The infection is usually seen initially in diabetes mellitus; immunsupresive treatment, hematological malignancies (aplastic anemia, leukemia, myeloblastic syndroms) and after diffused burns. Clinical presentation is as proptosis, total external and internal ophtalmoplegia and early blindness. The mortal property of the disease can be reduced by controling the predisposed systemic diseases, treatment of Amphoterisin B and surgical wound cleaning. 47 years-old male patient who has periferic facial palsy and is given corticosteroid therapy without learning the diabetic history; applied to our policlinic with the complaint of severe headache and proptosis at his right eyelid. Right 2., 3., 4., 5., and 6. cranial nerves patologies were observed at his neurological examination. Laboratory findings show leucositosis and there was inflamatory signal increase and the contrast substance spreads all the maxillary sinus, infratemporal fossa, pterygoid muscle, right of the nasopharynx, sphenoid bone's major wing's side, right sinus cavernosus and the skin at cranial and orbital MRI. We took biopsy material from the palatinum durum and the result was pathologically spesific for the fungal infection. The patient was treated with Amfotericin B and surgery was applied to clean the cavity. We tried to emphasize the importance of early diagnosis and treatment at the prognosis of mucormycosis. Copyright © 2005 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Adverse event reporting for botulinum toxin type A; A recent article published in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology reviewed adverse events regarding botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) reported to the Food and Drug Administration between 1989 and 2003. Although postmarketing surveillance is a vital mechanism to ensure drug safety, the events reported in this paper must be considered in context to be appropriately interpreted. The majority of data was related to therapeutic rather than cosmetic use. The proportion of serious adverse events was 33-fold higher for therapeutic use and no deaths were reported after cosmetic use. The data were derived from a spontaneous reporting system and do not include assessments of causality between the BTX-A and purported adverse events. The report notes that over a third of these events were related to off-label use of BTX-A, a common practice in dermatology, yet no significant differences were reported in rates of adverse events between on-label and off-label use. The report reflects a favorable safety profile for cosmetic use of BTX-A, and if misinterpreted, could lead to unreasonable conclusions regarding a product considered to be highly safe and effective. © 2005 by the American Academy of Dermatology, Inc.
Bilateral tonic pupil as the only remaining ophthalmic sign of Lyme disease: Case report; Lyme disease is a multisystemic disorder caused by Borrelia burgdorferi spirochete, transmitted by ticks. Mainly described in the northern hemisphere and rarely in Brazil. The purpose of this report is to describe a patient with Lyme disease who developed bilateral tonic pupil as the only remaining sign. A 13-year-old female with Lyme disease, presented with bilateral peripheral facial and oculomotor paralysis. After recovery from neurological abnormalities the patient sustained anisocoria, reduced fotomotor reflex, less than normal amplitude of accommodation, tonic pupil constriction for near objects and slow redilatation in both eyes. Dilute 0.1% pilocarpine test was positive in both eyes, confirming the suspicion of bilateral tonic pupil. This is the first case report of bilateral tonic pupil caused by Lyme disease.
Anesthetic management of children with Moebius sequence; Background: Moebius sequence is a rare congenital absence of the sixth and seventh cranial nerves, although there may be additional congenital cranial neuropathies. Developmental delay, cardiac and musculoskeletal abnormalities may also coexist. Oro-facial manifestations include bilateral facial nerve palsy resulting in a mask like facies, drooling, incomplete eye closure, and strabismus secondary to the extra-ocular muscle imbalance. This condition has multiple implications for anesthetic care. Methods: We reviewed 111 anesthesia records of 46 patients with Moebius sequence for anesthesia technique and related complications. Results: Facial nerve palsy was universally present and bilateral in 44 (93.6%) patients. Thirty-two (68%) had concomitant sixth nerve palsy. Oro-facial and limb abnormalities were present in 16 (35%) and 18 (39%) of patients respectively. Endotracheal intubation, when attempted, was easy in 76 of 106 cases. Tracheal intubation was consistently difficult in seven patients and intubation failure occurred in a single patient only. Statistically significant factors associated with difficult tracheal intubation included structural abnormalities of the mandible and palate and abnormalities of four cranial nerves (IX, X, XI, XII). Conclusion: We confirm that tracheal intubation may be difficult in patients with Moebius sequence. We identify disease features that might predict a difficult tracheal intubation and thus allow the anesthesiologist an opportunity to plan accordingly.
Long-term outcomes in patients with vestibular schwannomas treated using gamma knife surgery: 10-Year follow up; Object. Gamma knife surgery (GKS) has been a safe and effective treatment for vestibular schwannomas in both the short and long term, although less is known about long-term outcomes in the past 10 years. The aim of this study was to clarify long-term outcomes in patients with vestibular schwannomas treated using GKS based on techniques in place in the early 1990s. Methods. Eighty patients harboring a vestibular schwannoma (excluding neurofibromatosis Type 2) were treated using GKS between May 1991 and December 1993. Among these, 73 patients were assessed; seven were lost to follow up. The median duration of follow up was 135 months. The mean patient age at the time of GKS was 56 years old. The mean tumor volume was 6.3 cm3, and the mean maximal and marginal radiation doses applied to the tumor were 28.4 and 14.6 Gy, respectively. Follow-up magnetic resonance images were obtained in 71 patients. Forty-eight patients demonstrated partial tumor remission, 14 had tumors that remained stable, and nine demonstrated tumor enlargement or radiation-induced edema requiring resection. Patients with larger tumors did not fare as well as those with smaller lesions. The actuarial 10-year progression-free survival rate was 87% overall, and 93% in patients with tumor volumes less than 10 cm3. No patient experienced malignant transformation. Conclusions. Gamma knife surgery remained an effective treatment for vestibular schwannomas for longer than 10 years. Although treatment failures usually occurred within 3 years after GKS, it is necessary to continue follow up in patients to reveal delayed tumor recurrence.
Results after weight implantation for rehabilitation of paralytic lagophthalmos; Background. The aim of this study was to compare the clinical outcome and complication rate of rigid gold implants and flexible platinum chains in 96 patients treated for lagophthalmos. Patients and methods. We treated 50 patients with peripheral facial palsy and lagophthalmos using rigid gold implants and 46 using a flexible platinum chain. Besides subjective assessment by the patients, reduction of lagophthalmos, improvement of visual acuity, and pre- and postoperative grade of keratopathy were evaluated. Results. Both groups showed a statistically significant reduction of lagophthalmos and keratopathy and increase of visual acuity. Postoperative complications were observed in both groups. Two extrusions occurred in the group receiving gold implants. The incidence of corneal astigmatism and bulging of the implant was statistically significantly lower in the platinum chain group. Conclusions. The use of flexible platinum chains instead of rigid gold implants for therapy of lagophthalmos leads to a reduction of the complication rate, thus improving the clinical outcome. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2005.
Spontaneous transtemporal CSF leakage: A study of 51 cases; We conducted a retrospective study of 51 cases of spontaneous transtemporal cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leakage in 48 adults who had presented to our tertiary care academic referral center between July 1, 1988, and June 30, 2002. All patients had undergone high-resolution temporal bone computed tomography, and 26 patients had undergone magnetic resonance imaging. All patients were treated with a middle fossa craniotomy to repair the CSF fistulae. During a mean follow-up of 4.9 years, 46 of the 48 patients (95.8%) had experienced a complete cessation of CSF leakage (49 of 51 cases [96.1%]). The 2 patients whose leakage recurred were successfully managed with a subtotal petrosectomy with occlusion of the eustachian tube and obliteration of the middle ear and mastoid. No patient developed meningitis.
Radiation therapy for glomus tumors of the temporal bone; The treatment of glomic tumors has been controversial since its first description. It can be done with surgery, radiotherapy or just expectation. Aim: The objective of this paper was to evaluate the effectiveness and complications of radiotherapy. Study design: clinical with transversal cohort. Material and Method: It was made a retrospective review in the charts of the patients with glomus jugulare tumors treated with radiotherapy. Disease control was determined by (1) no progression of symptoms or cranial nerve dysfunction or (2) no progression of the lesion in radiological follow-up. It was also evaluated the follow-up period and the sequelae of the treatment. Results: Twelve patients were included, 8 of then women. The follow-up period was from 3 to 35 years, with a media of 11,6 years. The main symptoms were: hearing loss, pulsate tinnitus, dizziness and vertigo. The signs were pulsate retrotympanic mass, facial palsy and cofosis. The tumors were staged using Fisch's classification. The radiotherapy was performed with linear accelerator with dose ranging from 4500-5500 in 4-6 weeks. In the follow-up period were possible to identify sequelaes like dermatitis, meatal stenosis, cofosis and facial palsy. Discussion: The signs and symptoms were the same found in the medical literature. The type and dosages of the radiotherapy were also the same of others reports. All patients had improvement of the symptoms and only one was not considered as having disease controlled. Complications were, in general, minor complications, with exception of the cofosis and facial palsy. Conclusion: Radiotherapy is a viable alternative to treatment of these tumors because their good response and low level of complications. It should be considered specially in advanced tumors where a surgical procedure could bring a high level of morbidity.
Gamma knife surgery for vestibular schwannoma: 10-Year experience of 195 cases; Object. The authors conducted a study to determine the optimal radiation dose for vestibular schwannoma (VS) and to examine the histopathology in cases of treatment failure for better understanding of the effects of irradiation. Methods. A retrospective study was performed of 195 patients with VS; there were 113 female and 82 male patients whose mean age was 51 years (range 11-82 years). Seventy-two patients (37%) had undergone partial or total excision of their tumor prior to gamma knife surgery (GKS). The mean tumor volume was 4.1 cm3 (range 0.04-23.1 cm3). Multiisocenter dose planning placed a prescription dose of 11 to 18.2 Gy on the 50 to 94% isodose located at the tumor margin. Clinical and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging follow-up evaluations were performed every 6 months. A loss of central enhancement was demonstrated on MR imaging in 69.5% of the patients. At the latest MR imaging assessment decreased or stable tumor volume was demonstrated in 93.6% of the patients. During a median followup period of 31 months resection was avoided in 96.8% of cases. Uncontrolled tumor swelling was noted in five patients at 3.5, 17, 24, 33, and 62 months after GKS, respectively. Twelve of 20 patients retained serviceable hearing. Two patients experienced a temporary facial palsy. Two patients developed a new trigeminal neuralgia. There was no treatment-related death. Histopathological examination of specimens in three cases (one at 62 months after GKS) revealed a long-lasting radiation effect on vessels inside the tumor. Conclusions. Radiosurgery had a long-term radiation effect on VSs for up to 5 years. A margin 12-Gy dose with homogeneous distribution is effective in preventing tumor progression, while posing no serious threat to normal cranial nerve function.
Low-dose radiosurgery for large vestibular schwannomas: Long-term results of functional preservation; Object. The author conducted a study to assess the long-term results obtained in patients who underwent GKS for large vestibular schwannomas (> 3 cm in diameter). Facial and cochlear nerve functions were evaluated. Methods. Twenty consecutive large tumors in 18 patients (including two cases of neurofibromatosus Type 2 [NF2]) were followed for more than 6 years. There were eight tumors that were more than 4 cm in maximum diameter. Microsurgery had already been performed prior to GKS in 11 patients (nine recurrent and two residual tumors). Four patients (including one with NF2) died during the follow-up period of other diseases or by accident. Fourteen of 15 tumors were stable or decreased in size. Microsurgery was performed in one patient 2 years after radiosurgery. Facial nerve function was preserved in all patients and hearing preserved in four of five patients with cochlear nerve function prior to radiosurgery. No adverse effects of radiosurgery have been observed to date. Conclusions. Gamma knife surgery seems to have a place in the low-dose treatment of selected large vestibular schwannoma in patients with a reasonable chance of retaining facial function and pretreatment hearing level. Patients with severe brainstem compression should first be undergo microsurgery.
[Outcome of treatment 46 patients with Bell's palsy with aciclovir and prednisone].; To evaluate the outcome of treatment with an antiviral drug in combination with corticosteroids in patients with Bell's palsy. 46 patients with Bell's palsy were randomly divided into two groups, aciclovir and prednisone group (A+P group, n=23) and prednisone group (P group, n=23). The patients in A+P group were treated with 0.4g of aciclovir tablets 3 times per day for 5 days and 50 mg of prednisone daily for 5 days, and the patients in P group were treated with 50 mg of prednisone daily for 5 days, and then the dosage of prednisone was reduced by 20 mg per two days for the next 10 days. Facial nerve function index (FNFI) was used as a evaluating method of the outcome. 12 patients (52.1%) in the A+P group recovered completely (FNFI=1), as compared with 5 patients (21.7%) in the P group (P<0.05) after treatment three weeks, and 21 patients (91.3%) in the A+P group comparing with 18 patients (78.3%) in the P group (P>0.05) after treatment four weeks. The study showed a significantly better outcome in the patients with Bell's palsy treated with aciclovir and predisone as compared with the patient given prednisone treatment without serious complications.
Extra-axial subarachnoid ependymoma mimicking a PCA schwannoma; The presentation, diagnosis, and treatment are described for a patient with an ependymoma involving the left cerebellopontine angle (PCA). A 34-year-old woman had left facial paralysis, hearing loss and headache in 8 months. Computerized tomography (CT) revealed a mass lesion of the left PCA which was enhanced homogeneously. Magnetic resonance imaging also (MRI) showed the mass in the left PCA which was high-intense on T1-weighted images, iso- and high-intense on T2-weighted images and homogeneously enhanced by administration of Gd-DTPA. The patient was operated on and the tumor was totally removed. Histopathological examination of the specimen revealed a typical ependymoma. The postoperative course was uneventful with complete resolution of the symptoms on admission. We present here an unusual case of PCA ependymoma located within the PCA and exhibiting no continuity with the ventricular systems. The radiological and clinical features of the tumour mimicked a PCA schwannoma.
Primary peripheral T-cell lymphoma of the central nervous system; A 47-year-old man was admitted to our hospital with a nine-week history of visual disturbance, headache, disorientation and facial nerve palsy. Serial cranial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed progressive bilateral occipital edema with hemorrhage and meningeal involvement. There were no hints of hereditary or acquired immunodeficiency. Laboratory examination for bacterial and viral causes was negative. Open brain biopsy revealed primary central nervous system lymphoma of the extraordinary rare so-called " peripheral" T-cell type. The further course was fatal; the patient died 10 weeks after the onset of symptoms from tumor progression before planned chemotherapy could be started. Conclusion: If primary central nervous system lymphoma (PCNSL) is suspected, brain biopsy - either open biopsy or stereotactic biopsy - should be performed straight away to enable a rapid start of chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. Peripheral T-cell lymphoma was highly aggressive in this case leading to the patient's death within several weeks.
The importance of neurological examinations in the age of the technological revolution; Introduction. Neurologic practice and care have been modified in many important ways during the past ten years, to adapt to the explosion of new information and new technology. Students, residents and practicing physicians have been continuing programs to a model that focuses almost exclusively on the applications to neurologic disorders of the new knowledge obtained from biomedical research. On the other hand high demand for outpatient neurologic care prevents adequate patient's evaluation. Case reports. Case 1: 65 years old female. Occipital headache diagnosed of tensional origin (normal computerized tomography). Two months later is re-evaluated due to intractable pain and hypoglossal lesion. An amplified computerized tomography revealed a occipital condyle metastasis. Case 2: 21 years old female. Clinical suspicion of demyelinating disease due to repeated facial paresis and sensitive disorder. General exploration and computerized tomography revealed temporo-mandibular joint. Case 3: 60 years old female. Valuation of anticoagulant therapy due to repeated transient ischemic attacks. She suffered from peripheral facial palsy related to auditory cholesteatoma. Conclusions. Neurologic education is nowadays orientated to new technologies. On the other hand, excessive demand prevents adequate valuation and a minute exploration is substituted by complementary evaluations. These situations generate diagnostic mistakes or iatrogeny. It would be important a consideration of the neurologic education profiles and fulfillment of consultations time recommendations for outpatients care. © 2004, Revista de Neurología.
Bell's palsy in children: Analysis of clinical findings and course; To evaluate treatment of Bell's palsy (acute idiopathic peripheral facial nerve paralysis) of children, the authors analyzed 38 cases (18 females, 20 males) of Bell's palsy in children aged below 16 years old. The mean age of all cases was 6.8 ± 6.2 years old. All cases resulted in complete recovery within 6 months. Clinical score of facial motor functions were adapted to 17 patients who were more than 5 years old. They were divided into two groups: early recovery group (clinical symptoms recovered within 3 months; 10 cases) and later recover group (over 3 months; 7 cases). Clinical scores evaluated in the first week from the onset were not significantly different. Steroid therapy was used for 9 patients of early group and 6 patient of later group. All patients of this study were recovered, thus we could not evaluate effect of steroid therapy for Bell's palsy in children. Use of steroid therapy for Bell's palsy needs more concretely administration. We consider how the region locates near to the center is an important prognostic factor.
A case of large preauricular epidermoid cyst expanded into the skull base; The patient was a 73-year-old male, complaining of progressive right otalgia and right facial palsy. A radical mastoidectomy on the right ear was performed, and the histopathological diagnosis was only granulous tissue. A small subcutaneous mass at the right preauricle appeared just after the operation, and an open biopsy was performed. The histopathological diagnosis was epidermoid cyst. MRI showed a high intensity area from the right preauricle to around the medial pterygoid muscle. The symptoms were not improved by the administration of antibiotics and drainage. CT and MRI after about two months revealed that the epidermoid cyst and its infection had expanded from the infratemporal fossa to the pterygopalatine fossa, but they were not detected as an apparent invading lesion of the skull base, so surgical treatment was selected. Although skull base surgery was performed, the cyst and its infection could not be extirpated completely, because they had expanded deeply into the skull base beyond the clivus, against preoperative assessment. Disturbances of the central nervous system appeared and gradually increased. Finally, the patient died of respiratory failure. We treated a rare case of preauricular epidermoid cyst invading the skull base. It was considered that the lesion was possibly more enlarged than was detected in the CT and MRI findings, due to the skull base infection.
Bilateral Ramsay Hunt syndrome in a diabetic patient; Background: Herpes zoster oticus accounts for about 10% cases of facial palsy, which is usually unilateral and complete and full recovery occurs in only about 20% of untreated patients. Bilateral herpes zoster oticus can sometime occur in immunocompromised patients, though incidence is very rare. Case presentation: Diabetic male, 57 year old presented to us with bilateral facial palsy due to herpes zoster oticus. Patient was having bilateral mild to moderate sensorineural hearing loss. Patient was treated with appropriate metabolic control, anti-inflammatory drugs and intravenous acyclovir. Due to uncontrolled diabetes, glucocorticoids were not used in this patient. Significant improvement in hearing status and facial nerve functions were seen in this patient. Conclusions: Herpes zoster causes severe infections in diabetic patients and can be a cause of bilateral facial palsy and bilateral Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Herpes zoster in diabetic patients should be treated with appropriate metabolic control, NSAIDS and intravenous acyclovir, which we feel should be started at the earliest. Glucocorticoids should be avoided in diabetic patients. © 2004 Syal et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Bilateral changes in cortical motor representation of the tongue after unilateral peripheral facial paralysis: Evidence from transcranial magnetic stimulation; Motor evoked potentials of the lingual muscles due to tocal cortical transcranial magnetic stimulation were investigated in 5 patients with unilateral total facial paralysis with regard to amplitude as a function of the coil position on the interaural line. Maximum bilateral responses could be obtained at mean stimulus positions of about 6 to 8 cm lateral to the vertex. In comparison with healthy subjects, the patient group had significantly smaller mediolateral calculated centers for ipsilateral and contralateral responses. At the optimum stimulus positions, the patients' mean motor evoked potential amplitudes were significantly lower than those in healthy subjects. These alterations could be observed on both cortical hemispheres, but were more pronounced for the hemisphere contralateral to the side of facial paralysis. Thus, we provide strong evidence of bilateral changes in lingual cortical motor representation following facial paralysis with an invasion of the facial motor area by the tongue motor representation.
Aciclovir or valaciclovir for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).; BACKGROUND: The most common disorder of the facial nerve is acute idiopathic facial paralysis or Bell's palsy and there may be significant morbidity or incomplete recovery associated with severe cases. OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy of aciclovir or similar agents for treating Bell's palsy. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group register (searched April 2003), MEDLINE (from January 1966 to April 2003), EMBASE (from January 1980 to April 2003) and LILACS (from January 1982 to April 2003). We also contacted authors of identified trials. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised or quasi-randomised trials of aciclovir or valaciclovir therapy, alone or in combination with any other drug, in patients with Bell's palsy. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We identified six randomised trials. MAIN RESULTS: Three studies met our inclusion criteria, including 246 patients. One study evaluated aciclovir with corticosteroid versus corticosteroid alone, another study evaluated aciclovir alone versus corticosteroid and a further study evaluated valaciclovir with corticosteroid versus corticosteroid alone or versus placebo alone.Incomplete recovery after one year: data were not available. An analysis was performed on data reported at the end of the study period in each trial. The results from one study four months after the start of treatment significantly favoured the treatment group, whilst the results of the study three months after the start of treatment significantly favoured the control group. The results from the second study at four months showed no statistically significant difference between the three groups.Adverse events: relevant data were not reported in any of the three trials.Complete facial paralysis six months after start of treatment: only one patient had complete paralysis upon entering one of the studies. This patient was assigned to the control group and the level of recovery attained was not reported.Motor synkinesis or crocodile tears one year after start of treatment: data were available up to a maximum of four months after onset of paralysis. One study reported a significant difference between the treatment groups in favour of the aciclovir plus corticosteroid group over corticosteroid alone, another demonstrated an inconclusive result with no difference between the aciclovir and corticosteroid. The third study did not comment upon these sequelae. REVIEWERS' CONCLUSIONS: More data are needed from a large multicentre randomised controlled and blinded study with at least 12 months' follow up before a definitive recommendation can be made regarding the effect of aciclovir or valaciclovir on Bell's palsy.
Facial nerve outcome in non-vestibular schwannoma tumour surgery.; PROBLEMS/OBJECTIVES: Tumour size, intra-operative electrophysiologic thresholds and postoperative facial nerve function have been demonstrated to be important predictors of ultimate facial nerve function after vestibular schwannoma surgery. In general little attention has been given to the prediction of outcome of facial nerve function in non-vestibular schwannoma tumour surgery of the cerebellopontine angle (CPA). METHODOLOGY: A prospective study was performed to assess the predictive value of patient, tumour histology and electrophysiologic factors in the estimation of ultimate facial nerve outcome after this form of surgery. RESULTS: Sixteen patients satisfied the requirements of the study. Poor long-term facial nerve outcome was associated with abnormal pre-operative facial nerve function, facial nerve schwannomas, premeatal meningiomas and electrophysiologic stimulation thresholds of greater than 0.1 mA. CONCLUSIONS : It is concluded that tumour histology and pre-operative facial nerve function are additional factors that must be considered in the prediction of facial nerve function after non-vestibular schwannoma surgery of the CPA.
Bilateral peripheral facial paralysis secondary to Lyme disease; Simultaneous bilateral facial paralisis (SBFP) occurs in 0.3-2% of all facial paralisis. We report a case of SBFP in association with Lyme disease. A review of literature about SBFP is made, studing specially the one caused by Borrelia burgdorferi. We present a diagnostic guideline of SBFP. Suspect diagnosis of Lyme disease is based on clinical and epidemiological criteria. Culture isolation of this bacteria is difficult, therefore serologic testing is required. Neuroborreliosis treatment is intravenous Ceftriaxone or Cefotaxime. Oral Doxycycline is useful in the treatment of neuritis without central nervous system involvement.
Varicella zoster virus: beyond facial paralysis.; J. Ramsay Hunt's hypothesis that herpes zoster oticus results from a reactivation of the herpes zoster virus in the geniculate ganglion, has been supported by the demonstration of varicella zoster viral DNA in the geniculate ganglion of the side with facial paralysis in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, with the use of the polymerase chain reaction. Similarly, DNA of the varicella zoster virus has been identified in the spiral and vestibular ganglion as well. We report on three patients with cochleovestibular symptoms as the first manifestations of Ramsay Hunt syndrome. A 64-year old woman and a 72-year old man presented with vertigo and an auricular herpetiform eruption. Only the woman developed later on a mild facial paralysis. A 58-year old man presented with an acute cochleovestibular syndrome, serologically proven to be a varicella zoster viral reactivation, which was followed three weeks later by the typical cutaneous recrudescence. We believe that these cases result from reactivation of latent varicella zoster virus in the spiral and/or vestibular ganglion. As the varicella zoster virus is dormant in the non-neuronal satellite cells, the facial symptoms in our patients as well as the high incidence of cochleovestibular symptoms in classical Ramsay Hunt syndrome can be explained by viral transmission across the nerves inside the internal auditory canal. Therefore, we think there are grounds to recommend a prompt treatment with an antiviral and a corticosteroid agent, not only in case of an acute facial paralysis but also when confronted with an acute cochleovestibular syndrome.
Corticosteroids for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).; BACKGROUND: Inflammation and oedema of the facial nerve are implicated in causing Bell's palsy. Corticosteroids have a potent anti-inflammatory action which should minimise nerve damage and thereby improve the outcome of patients suffering from this condition. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this review was to assess the effect of steroid therapy in the recovery of patients with Bell's palsy. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group register (searched December 2003) for randomised trials, as well as MEDLINE (January 1966 to April 2003), EMBASE (January 1980 to April 2003) and LILACS (January 1982 to April 2003). We contacted known experts in the field to identify additional published or unpublished trials. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised trials comparing different routes of administration and dosage schemes of corticosteroid or adrenocorticotrophic hormone therapy versus a control group where no therapy considered effective for this condition was administered, unless it was also given in a similar way to the experimental group. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers independently assessed eligibility, trial quality, and extracted the data. MAIN RESULTS: Four trials with a total of 179 patients were included. One trial compared cortisone acetate with placebo; one compared prednisone plus vitamins, with vitamins alone; one compared high-dose prednisone administered intravenously against saline solution, and one, not-placebo controlled, tested the efficacy of methylprednisolone. Allocation concealment was appropriate in two trials, and the data reported allowed an intention-to-treat analysis. The data included in the meta-analyses were collected from three trials with a total of 117 patients. Overall 13/59 (22%) of the patients allocated to steroid therapy had incomplete recovery of facial motor function six months after randomisation, compared with 15/58 (26%) in the control group. This reduction was not significant (relative risk 0.86, 95% confidence interval 0.47 to 1.59). The reduction in the proportion of patients with cosmetically disabling sequelae six months after randomisation was also not significant (relative risk 0.86, 95% confidence interval 0.38 to 1.98). The trial not included in the meta-analysis showed a non-significant difference in outcomes between the arms. REVIEWERS' CONCLUSIONS: The available evidence from randomised controlled trials does not show significant benefit from treating Bell's palsy with corticosteroids. More randomised controlled trials with a greater number of patients are needed to determine reliably whether there is real benefit (or harm) from the use of corticosteroid therapy in patients with Bell's palsy.
Idiopathic peripheral facial paresis complicating pregnancy; The Bell's palsy is the most common disorder of the facial nerve during pregnancy. It is characterised with the onset of unilateral weakness and paralysis of the facial muscles. The etiology is unknown. The incidence during pregnancy and early postpartum period is three times of the non-pregnant women, 38-45 cases on 100 000 births. The risk is uneven during pregnancy, highest in the third trimester and the postpartum period. There were 2 Bell's palsy cases in our department within a couple of months. Both of them recovered completely in spite of the different treatment strategies. We discuss these cases and the treatment options. Recovery is usually satisfactory. In 85% of Bell's palsy, the function of the nervous facial recovers completely. Though supportive therapy is recommended. The beneficial effect of steroid and/or antiviral therapy is not proved. During pregnancy steroid and antiviral treatment of Bell's palsy is controversial. Supportive therapy is the mainstay of management in pregnancy. Steroids may relieve the facial and periauricular pain, but they have no effect on hastening recovery. A possible association of Bell's palsy with hypertensive disease of pregnancy may preclude further the use of steroids. Prednisolone apparently poses a very small risk to the developing foetus. Considering the high endogen steroid production and levels during the third trimester, the exogenous corticosteroid supplementation during pregnancy is even more questionable. The review of the literature showed that the majority of pregnant patients with Bell's palsy were treated with prednisolone, although the benefit of this practice has not yet been proven. Relative contraindications, such as hypertensive disease and infectious neonatal morbidity, late psychosomatic abnormalities should be taken into consideration. The use of an antiviral drug, acyclovir is even more questionable during pregnancy.
Treatment of aberrant facial nerve regeneration with botulinum toxin A; PURPOSE: To assess the effect and efficacy of botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) at reducing and maintaining eyelid synkinesia in aberrant facial nerve regeneration, while concurrently observing for the presence of side effects to differing treatment doses. METHODS: A prospective interventional study of five patients with eyelid synkinesia resulting from aberrant regeneration of the facial nerve. Patients were treated with injections of either 120, 80 or 40 units of BTX-A (Dysport) into the orbicularis oculi. Objective and subjective reduction in synkinesia, maintenance of response and presence of side effects were recorded. RESULTS: All five patients had improvement of the synkinesia with BTX-A treatment. Lower doses were found to be as effective as higher doses. Mean duration of abolished synkinesia was three months. Two patients developed a ptosis which resolved spontaneously. None of the patients treated with the lowest dose of 40 units developed a ptosis. CONCLUSION: Low-dose BTX-A has a lower incidence of ptosis and is effective in the treatment of aberrant facial nerve regeneration.
Long-term control of recurrent anaplastic ependymoma with extracranial metastasis: Importance of multiple surgery and stereotactic radiosurgery procedures - Case report; An 11-year-old Japanese girl presented with a right frontal lobe anaplastic ependymoma. The tumor was removed surgically. However, she developed a secondary lesion and extracranial metastasis in the cervical lymph node. In total, she underwent eight intracranial tumor removal procedures, five stereotactic radiosurgeries with six targets, and five cervical lymph node removal surgeries during the course of 7 years. She is currently alive with a good quality of life, and lies no major neurological deficits except right facial nerve palsy. The combination of surgery and radiosurgery can achieve local control of anaplastic ependymoma. Multiple surgery or radiosurgery procedures can result in good outcome, if the tumor does not involve crucial structures, even if extracranial metastasis occurs.
Magnetic resonance imaging and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy of intracranial epidermoid tumors; Intracranial epidermoid tumors or cysts are considered benign lesions. Differentiation of epidermoid tumors from arachnoid cysts is important for appropriate patient care because the treatment is different for each lesion. Arachnoid cysts can appear very similar to epidermoid tumors on computed tomography (CT). Epidermoid tumors can grow in the cerebellopontine angle (CPA) cistern, the most common location of these lesions, resulting intrigeminal neuralgia and facial paralysis. Treatment for epidermoid tumors is exclusively surgery. Arachnoid cyst, on the other hand, is a benign condition that rarely produces symptoms. Recent advances in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) have allowed more accurate imaging diagnosis of epidermoid tumors. This article reviews the recent advances in MRI using conventional T1W, post-contrast T1W, T2W, steady-state free precession imaging, fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR), diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI), and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) in the imaging diagnosis of epidermoid tumors.
Treatment of peripheral facial paralysis with the method of 6-point acupuncture; Aim: To investigate a point-selection method to improve the effects of acupuncture in treating peripheral facial paralysis(PFP) and decrease acupuncture amount. Methods: Sixty-nine patients with PFP were divided into the treatment group and control group randomly. The patients in treatment group were treated with method of 6-point acupuncture(3 pairs of matched acupuncture points were selected). The patients in control group were treated with routine point selection method(acupuncture points: Tits'ang, Chiach'e, etc. of the affected sides were selected). Results: The mean acupuncture amount that patients received in treatment group were 81 acupunctures once, more excellent than that in control group(130.5 acupunctures once). The acupuncture amount of each case was decreased by 38% in treatment group(P < 0.01). The cure rate of treatment group was a little better than that of control group, but without any statistical significance. Conclusion: The method of 6-point acupuncture is simple and effective for PFP, and is smaller usage of acupuncture, so it is better than routine-point-selection method.
Ophthalmic management of facial nerve palsy; The ophthalmologist plays a pivotal role in the evaluation and rehabilitation of patients with facial nerve palsy. It is crucial to recognize and treat the potentially life-threatening underlying causes. The immediate ophthalmic priority is to ensure adequate corneal protection. The medium to long-term management consists of treatment of epiphora, hyperkinetic disorders secondary to aberrant regeneration and poor cosmesis. Patients should be appropriately referred for general facial re-animation. This review aims to provide a guide to the management of this complex condition. © 2004 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Safety and efficacy of acellular pertussis vaccine in Japan, evaluated by 23 years of its use for routine immunization; Background: Real evaluation of any vaccine can only be done after the vaccine has been in routine use for a substantially long period of time. In Japan, acellular pertussis vaccine was introduced and totally replaced whole cell pertussis vaccine in 1981. From 1982 to 1988 40.3 million doses of acellular pertussis vaccine were given to 2-year-olds and from 1989 to 2001 59.3 million doses of acellular pertussis vaccine were given to 3-month-olds. It is now time to evaluate the efficacy and safety of acellular pertussis vaccine by the use of national data officially supplied by the Government. Methods: Government national surveillance of pertussis, which began in 1981, was used to analyze epidemiology of pertussis. Official Government reports on acceptance rates of pertussis were analyzed. A peer review has been made on all severe neurological illnesses/death occurring after pertussis immunization which have been applied for through the Vaccine Injury Compensation System, Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare, Japan. Results: High acceptance rates of acellular pertussis vaccine combined with diphtheria and tetanus toxoids (DTaP) has been maintained and a dramatic decrease in pertussis was noted over the past 23 years. Neurological illnesses temporally associated both with whole cell and with acellular pertussis vaccination has been a rare phenomenon. However, incidences of encephalopathy/encephalitis and status epileptics/frequent convulsions, febrile seizures/provocation of convulsions, and sudden deaths were significantly lower with acellular pertussis vaccination than with whole cell pertussis vaccination. Conclusion: With the use of acellular pertussis vaccine which has been accepted by the public, pertussis has been well controlled in Japan.
Statement of the German Society of Gynecology and Obstetrics e.V. and of the German Society of Gynecological Endocrinology and Reproductive Medicine e.V. - Medical pregnancy termination; From January to March 2004 33.000 legal terminations of pregnancies have been registered in Germany. About each 14th pregnancy termination has been induced by Mifegyne®. This article deals with the background of pregnancy termination as well as with the possibility of a medical pretreatment of the cervix uteri before performing a vacuum aspiration or a currettage. The different medical possibilities using prostaglandin analogues such as sulprostone (Nalador®, synthetic PGE2-analogue), gemeprost (Cergem®, synthetic PGE1-analogue), misoprostol (Cytotec®, synthetic PGE1-analogue) as well as cytotoxic substances and progesterone-receptorantagonists, i.e. methotrexate (Lantarel®) and respectively mifepristone (RU 486, Mifegyne®) will be described. Legal preconditions, indications, contraindications as well as the application mode of the various treatment regimens including possible side effects and complications are discussed.
Granulomatous cheilitis; A 54-year-old man presented with lip swelling, which was not altered by a trial of medication discontinuation. Patch tests showed reactions to bromonitropropane and gold, which were not clinically relevant. Treatment included topical and intralesional glucorticoids as well as tacrolimus ointment. Granulomatous chelitis an idiopathic disorder that is characterized by painless lip edema. It may be found as part of the triad of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Treatment includes intralesional glucocorticoids as well as systemic therapies.
Defense mechanisms against influenza virus infection in the respiratory tract mucosa; The respiratory tract mucosa is not only the site of infection for influenza viruses but also the site of defense against virus infection. Viruses are initially detected and destroyed non-specifically by innate immune mechanisms, but if the viruses escape the early defense mechanisms, they are detected and eliminated specifically by adaptive immune mechanisms. The major adaptive immune mechanisms are as follows. (i) Specific secretory-IgA (S-IgA) antibodies (Abs) and CTLs (CD8+ cytotoxic T lymphocytes) are involved in the recovery from influenza following viral infection of naïve mice. (ii) Preexisting specific S-IgA and IgG Abs in the immunized animals are involved in viral elimination by forming virus-Ig complexes shortly after re-infection. By their polymeric nature, the S-IgA Abs, which are carried to the mucus by transepithelial transport used for dimeric IgA (dIgA) Abs, provide not only protection against homologous virus infection but also cross-protection against drift virus infection. The IgG Abs, which transude from the serum to the mucus by diffusion, provide protection against homologous virus infection. They are largely distributed on the alveolar epithelia to prevent influenza pneumonia. (iii) In the absence of Abs in the pre-immunized animals, the production of specific IgA and IgG Abs by B memory cells is accelerated after re-infection, and these antibodies play a role in viral elimination from day 3 onwards after re-infection. (iv) In epithelial cells of infected animals, specific dIgA Abs being trafficked through the epithelial cells may be involved in the prevention of viral assembly by binding to newly synthesized viral proteins. (v) In the pre-immunized animals, CTL production by memory T cells is also accelerated and these cells appear to participate in the killing of the host cells infected with different subtype viruses (within the same type) from day 3 onwards after re-infection. (vi) Similarly, memory Th1 cells that mediate an accelerated delayed-type hypersensitivity response are involved in blockade of virus replication by secreting IFN-γ in mice challenged with different subtype viruses. These defense mechanisms suggest that the development of a mucosal vaccine, capable of inducing S-IgA Abs, which provide cross-protection against variant viruses within the same subtype, serum IgG Abs to prevent lethal influenza pneumonia and CTLs, which provide broad cross-protection against different subtype viruses, is strategically important to control influenza.
Facial palsy caused by otitis media with effusion in a 9-year old child; We report the case of a 9 years old child diagnosed as right otitis media with effusion associated to homolateral and peripherical facial palsy, fact very uncommon in the reviewed literature. The patient was treated by miringotomy and insertion of transtympanic drainage recovering his facial function totally after 9 weeks.
Diagnostics of diseases and the function of the facial nerve; The facial nerve has a complicated course from the brainstem to the periphery. It not only contains motor, but also secretory, sensory, and sensitive fibres. Thus, the functional measure of symptoms can be multi-faceted. The nerve is not directly accessible over an extensive distance because of its long course through the temporal bone. Therefore, diagnostics of nerve function and the differential diagnostics of its diseases could be a great challenge for the otolaryngologist. In this review, the most important methods for clinical examination, electrodiagnostics, and modern imaging techniques are critically surveyed. In addition, the significance of facial nerve monitoring for surgery in the cerebello-pontine angle, parotid surgery, and ear surgery is presented. © Springer Medizin Verlag 2004.
Influence of steroid therapy local injection of steroidal in the region of the stylomastoid foramen and physiotherapy on the recovery of stapedial reflex in patients with facial nerve paralysis; There are much more publications which informates about positive effects of advisability propose steroid's cure in patients with facial nerve palsy. The aim of the studies was to evaluate the influence of steroidal and physical treatment on the recovery of stapedial reflex and of functions of the damaged nerve. The studies were performed on 37 patients with palsy of facial nerve. Taking into account the stapedial reflex (before the beginning of the treatment) and local injection of steroidal in the region of the stylomastoid foramen, the patients were divided into two groups: I group--21 persons with lacking stapedial reflex, who were not given steroid, II group--16 persons with lacking stapedial reflex who received steroid. Evaluation of results of treatment was performed by means of the Pietruski, House and Brackmann scales, registration of stapedial reflex and accommodation coefficient. The results indicate that local steroid in palsy facial nerve is the treatment of choice in cases of intratemporal branches injury (lack of stapedial reflex) and shortens of duration of stapedial reflex and the nerve function recovery.
Rapid prototyping in maxillofacial surgery and traumatology: Case report; Review of the literature from 1991 to 2002 on the use of rapid prototyping in the biomedical area emphasizes the applicability of this technique to aid diagnosis and planning in Maxillofacial Surgery and Traumatology. A case report in which a TMJ ankylosis relapse was treated using rapid prototyping (selective laser sintering) for surgery planning is presented. After one year, the patient's buccal opening was 45 mm. Transitory paralysis of the facial nerve disappeared totally in six months.
Herpes encephalitis at children; Significant mortality, high incidences of complications and permanent neurological sequel are still noted in patients suffering fro herpetic encephalitis. They result mainly from delayed diagnosis and treatment of the specific cause. The aim of our paper was the analysis o a clinical course of patients with Herpes simplex encephalitis. From 1999 to 2001 7 patients aged 2 weeks to 15 years, treated in Children' Neurology Department of Silesian School of Medicine, were diagnosed to have herpetic encephalitis. Fever, headache, vomiting, as well as alteration of consciousness, all typical for neuroinfection were main clinical symptoms present on admission. Three children presented with respiratory distress requiring admission to Intensive Care Unit. On examination "cold sores" were found in 2 patients, in remaining 5 the history of exposition to herpes labialis was obtained. On neurological examination we found either right or left hemiparesis in all patients, motor aphasia in 2 and left sided central facial nerve palsy in 1. Lumbar puncture revealed lymphocytosis in 5 patients. Anti-HSV type IgG an IgM antibodies were found in serum of all 6 patients, while only in 2 of them were detected in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). These were the 2 most severely ill children. In 2 patients DNA HSV using PCR (polymerase chain reaction) method was found in CSF and in serum. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the head confirmed diagnosis. Although herpetic encephalitis is an uncommon, sporadic disease, the diagnosis should be considered in any child with neuroinfection and early treatment started before laboratory confirmation.
The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome as a problem of complex treatment; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome consists of triad of symptoms: recurrent oedema of lips, recurrent facial nerve paralysis and lingua plicata. Treatment is usually symptomatic and required cooperation of different specialists as: dermatologists, neurologists, dentists, laryngologists, surgeons. A rare case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in 49-year-old man was observed in the Clinic of Dermatology Silesian Medical Academy in Katowice.
Neuralgias of the lower cranial nerves: microsurgical posterior fossa exploration; Neuralgias of the lower cranial nerves are trigeminal neuralgia (TN), glossopharingeal neuralgia (GphN), and geniculate neuralgia (GN). Microsurgical posterior fossa exploration with its variations microvascular decompression (MVD), partial sensory rhisotomy (PSR), and total sensory rhisotomy (TSR) is one of the most efficient ways of treating these neuralgias. It was performed 130 operations in 125 patients with TN, 3 in GphN patients, 1 in GN patient, 1 in GN/TN patients, 1 in GphN/GN patient, and 2 in GN/hemifacial spasm patients. Of total of 125 patients with TN, MVD was performed in 63, PSR in 18, and MVD+PSR in 44 cases. In 5 patients with recidivate TN PSR was performed. Of total 3 patients with GphN MVD was performed in 2 cases, and extirpation of a small meningeoma in 1 case (it was not seen on CT). In the patients with GN TSR of intermediate nerve was performed, in GN/TN patients TSR of intermediate nerve and PSR of trigeminal nerve was performed, in the GN/GphN patients MVD of glossopharingeal and TSR of intermediate nerve were performed, and in the GN/hemifacial spasm patients TSR of intermediate and MVD of facial nerve were performed. The results of TN patients are: excellent in 82.4%, good in 12%, and poor in 5.6% of patients. There is no difference in complete pain relief, rate of recurrence, and complications between MVD, MVD+PSR and PSR operative groups (p0.05). Among patients with other neuralgias the following results are noted: excellent in 4, good in 3, and poor in 1 patient. Microsurgical posterior fossa exploration is the method of choice in the treatment of the neuralgias of the lower cranial nerves.
Treatment of cranial neuralgias; Neuralgic pains are severe and intermittant. A regular and continuous treatment is needed to keep the pain under control. Radiofrequency and surgical treatment is applied as well as pharmacologic treatment.
Spinal cord involvement in the nonhuman primate model of Lyme disease; Lyme borreliosis is a multisystemic disease caused by infection with various genospecies of the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. The organs most often affected are the skin, joints, the heart, and the central and peripheral nervous systems. Multiple neurological complications can occur, including aseptic meningitis, encephalopathy, facial nerve palsy, radiculitis, myelitis, and peripheral neuropathy. To investigate spinal cord involvement in the nonhuman primate (NHP) model of Lyme borreliosis, we inoculated 25 adult Macaca mulatta with B. burgdorferi sensu strictu strains N40 by needle (N = 9) or by tick (N = 4) or 297 by needle (N = 2), or with B. burgdorferi genospecies garinii strains Pbi (N = 4), 793 (N = 2), or Pli (N = 4) by needle, Immunosuppression either transiently (TISP) or permanently (IS) was used to facilitate establishment of infection. Tissues and fluids were collected at necropsy 7-24 weeks later. Hematoxylin and eosin staining was used to study inflammation, and immunohistochemistry and digital image analysis to measure inflammation and localize spirochetes. The spirochetal load and C1q expression were measured by TaqMan RT-PCR. The results showed meningoradiculitis developed in only one of the 25 NHP's examined, TISP NHP 321 inoculated with B. garinii strain Pbi. Inflammation was localized to nerve roots, dorsal root ganglia, and leptomeninges but rarely to the spinal cord parenchyma itself. T cells and plasma cells were the predominant inflammatory cells. Significantly increased amounts of IgG, IgM, and C1q were found in inflamed spinal cord. Taqman RT-PCR found spirochetes in the spinal cord only in IS-NHP's, mostly in nerve roots and ganglia rather than in the cord parenchyma. C1q mRNA expression was significantly increased in inflamed spinal cord. This is the first comprehensive study of spinal cord involvement in Lyme borreliosis. © 2004 USCAP, Inc. All rights reserved.
Facial reanimation by transplantation of a microneurovascular muscle: Long-term follow-up; The two-stage operation for reanimation of long-standing facial paralysis by cross-facial nerve grafting and later free microneurovascular muscle transfer has been the treatment of choice for nearly 25 years. However, the functional outcome may be unpredictable. We therefore need to know more about the factors that influence the final result. We have recorded the long-term results of microneurovascular surgery in facial paralysis, and evaluated which factors influenced the functional outcome. Twenty-seven of 40 patients aged 7 to 65 years (mean 40) operated on at Helsinki University Hospital between 1986 and 2000 were available for interview and video recording. The gracilis, latissimus dorsi, and serratus anterior muscles were used for microneurovascular transfer in 11, 10, and 6 cases, respectively. The outcome of microneurovascular muscle transfer was graded on House's scale 1 to 6. The mean follow-up period was 8.5 years (range 2 to 15). Sixteen patients (59%) displayed only mild or moderate dysfunction (grades 2 to 3) after reconstruction. In 8 patients (30%) dysfunction was graded as moderately severe, and in 3 (11%) as severe. There was a correlation between final functional outcome and the follow-up time after microneurovascular facial reanimation. The longer the follow-up time after muscle transplantation the poorer the functional result (p = 0.003). Twenty-one patients (78%) considered that their quality of life was better or much better after facial reanimation. Patients' satisfaction correlated with a good functional result.
Paralytic lagophthalmos--treatment methods; Paralytic lagophthalmos has a negative effect on patient. A patient's appearance is grossly distorted and many ocular problems due to exposure and dryness may interfere with the patient's ability to perform an occupation. This paper describes the management of the paralytic lagophthalmos. The medical treatment adds lubricants and the surgical treatment provides a better closure for the eye.
Risk of drug-induced congenital defects; Defects attributable to drug therapy represent about 1% of congenital defects of known aetiology. This means that a precautionary attitude and correct use of drugs in fertile, and especially pregnant, women is a feasible form of prevention. Drugs currently in use with proven teratogenic effect number approximately 25, but new pharmaceutical drugs are constantly in preparation. Recognition of a drug-induced teratogenic effect is a complex procedure taking into account not only experimental animal data but also experience in humans. Considering that 40% of pregnancies are not planned, it follows that any drug with known or suspected teratogenic potential must be used only under strict medical control. Also, adequate knowledge on potential teratogenicity of a drug permits modification of therapy before conception. It goes without saying that any drug should be used during pregnancy only if it is essential, and it would be prudent to use only those where adequate information is provided and prior clinical experience is available. Teratology Information Services can assist both physicians and patients when any doubt exists. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Writing-specific sites in frontal areas: A cortical stimulation study; Object. The aim of this study was to determine whether cortical areas involved in the writing process are associated with reading or naming areas in patients undergoing surgery for brain tumors in frontal areas. This study was undertaken to spare all language areas found in patients during surgery. Methods. Fourteen patients (eight women and six men [mean age 47 years] of whom 12 were right handed, two left handed, 12 monolingual, and two bilingual) who harbored brain tumors in the left (11 patients) or right (three patients) frontal gyri or in rolandic areas, were tested by direct stimulation by using the awake surgery technique for direct brain mapping. Mapping of the frontal gyri was performed using naming, reading, and writing under dictation tasks in the appropriate language(s). Considerable individual variability in language organization among patients was observed. Interferences in writing were found during direct stimulation in the frontal gyri, in cortical sites common or not common to interferences in naming or reading. In dominant regions, patterns of writing dysfunctions were variable and included writing arrest, illegible script, letter omissions, and paragraphia. These dysfunctions were nonspecific (stimulation-induced eye movements) in nondominant frontal regions and in rolandic gyri (hand contractions). In the same patient, different writing impairments could sometimes be observed during stimulation of different sites. As is the case for naming or reading interference sites, writing interference sites could be extremely localized (1 cm2 in diameter). In this group of patients, writing interference sites found in Broca areas were associated with other sites of language interference, whereas writing-specific interference sites were found twice in the dominant middle frontal gyrus. Conclusions. In this series, we found that writing interference sites could be detected by direct cortical stimulation in dominant inferior and middle frontal gyri regardless of whether they were associated with naming or reading interference sites. Writing disorders elicited by direct stimulation in the frontal lobes are varied and probably depend on the functional status of the stimulated cortical area.
A global perspective on vaccine safety and public health: The Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety; Established in 1999, the Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety advises the World Health Organization (WHO) on vaccine-related safety issues and enables WHO to respond promptly, efficiently, and with scientific rigor to issues of vaccine safety with potential global importance. The committee also assesses the implications of vaccine safety for practice worldwide and for WHO policies. We describe the principles on which the committee was established, its modus operandi, and the scope of the work undertaken, both present and future. We highlight its recent recommendations on major issues, including the purported link between the measles-mumps-rubella vaccine and autism and the safety of the mumps, influenza, yellow fever, BCG, and smallpox vaccines as well as that of thiomersal-containing vaccines.
Multiple sclerosis initially presenting as facial palsy; A case of multiple sclerosis initially presenting as a facial palsy is presented. A 35-yr-old U.S. Air Force aviator developed a purely right-sided facial palsy with no sensory abnormalities. She had no other neurologic findings except for a barely perceptible loss of coordination in her right upper extremity. Subsequent brain MRI revealed multiple white matter lesions. Further history and laboratory analysis confirmed multiple sclerosis. This case underscores the potential for multiple sclerosis to mimic other more benign conditions and the need for clinicians to carefully examine patients presenting with new neurologic abnormalities. The diagnosis and treatment of multiple sclerosis as well as military aviation policy regarding multiple sclerosis patients is discussed.
Physiotherapy in patients with facial nerve paresis: Description of outcomes; Purpose The purpose of this study was to describe changes and stabilities of long-term sequelae of facial paresis in outpatients receiving Mime therapy, a form of physiotherapy. Material and methods Archived data of 155 patients with peripheral facial nerve paresis were analyzed. Main outcome measures were (1) impairments: facial symmetry in rest and during movements and synkineses; (2) disabilities: eating, drinking, and speaking; and (3) quality of life. Results Symmetry at rest improved significantly; the average severity of the asymmetry in all movements decreased. The number of synkineses increased for 3 out of 8 movements; however, the group average severities decreased for 6 movements; substantially fewer patients reported disabilities in eating, drinking, and speaking; and quality of life improved significantly. Conclusion During a period of approximately 3 months, significant changes in many aspects of facial functioning were observed, the relative position of patients remaining stable over time. Observed changes occurred while the patients participated in a program for facial rehabilitation (Mime therapy), replicating the randomized controlled trial-proven benefits of Mime therapy in a more varied sample of outpatients. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The role of viruses in idiopathic peripheral facial palsy and cellular immune response; Purpose The purpose of this study is to investigate the role of viruses on the idiopathic peripheral facial palsy and show the interaction of immune system. Materials and methods The levels of immunoglobulin (Ig) G and IgM antibodies against to varicella-zoster virus (VZV), herpes simplex virus (HSV), cytomegalovirus (CMV), Ebstein-Barr virus (EBV), and mumps virus in venous blood taken from patients in the amount of 10 mL have been investigated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method. Tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interferon-γ (IFN-γ), and transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) were also examined. Of lymphocyte subpopulation, antibodies of CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, CD19 +, and CD16+ plus 56+ were analyzed. Results Ten of the patients had HSV-1 IgG; 1 of the patients IgM, 5 of the patients EBV IgG, 6 of the patients VZV IgG, 1 of the patients IgM, 9 of the patients mumps IgG, 1 of the patients IgM, and finally in 7 of the patients CMV IgG antibodies were obtained. It was found that CD4+ cell and ratio of CD4 +/CD8+ lower and the percentage of the CD8+ and CD16+ plus 56+ cells higher compared with the control group (P < .05). The levels of TNF-α were lower, whereas IFN-γ and TGF-β1 were higher. Conclusion It may be concluded from these results that VZV, HSV-1, CMV, EBV, and mumps virus play a significant role in the etiology of idiopathic peripheral facial palsy and activate the cellular immunity. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Anatomic and functional long-term results of canal wall-down mastoidectomy; The objective of this study was to evaluate, over the long term, the anatomic and functional outcome of canal wall-down mastoidectomy performed for chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma and chronic otomastoiditis resistant to all conservative treatment. The study was made through a retrospective review of 338 cases of consecutive primary canal wall-down mastoidectomies performed between 1974 and 1998. Included were 259 cases with sufficient data. In all cases, functional reconstruction was performed at the same time as the mastoidectomy. Demographic and clinical data were collected from each file. From the clinical data, the surgical techniques, complications, the number of follow-up visits necessary to ensure cavity cleanliness, details of care provided over the period 1 to 24 years (mean, 7 years) after the operation, and audiometric data from admission and from the latest postoperative follow-up were retained. Canal wall-down mastoidectomies were followed up an average of 10 times during the first 6 months after operation, twice a year over the 6-year period following surgery, and less than twice a year beyond the 6-year period. Care was dispensed for meatal stenosis, scars, infections, polyps, and beads of cholesteatoma. Surgical revisions were performed because of residual or recurrent cholesteatoma in 6.1% of the cases, because of perforation of the tympanic membrane in 7.3% of the cases, and to improve hearing in 12.2% of the cases. At the last consultation, 1 to 24 years after surgery, cavities were found to be dry and self-cleaning in 95% of the cases, and still humid, with otorrhea, in 5% of the cases. Over the long term, the hearing threshold remained unchanged in 41.3% of the cases. It was improved after surgery by 10 to 19 dB in 15.4% of the cases, by 20 to 29 dB in 11.5% of the cases, and by more than 29 dB in 3.8% of the cases. The hearing threshold was thus improved or at least remained unchanged in 72.0% of cases. Hearing losses occurred in 28% of the cases: by 10 to 19 dB in 11.9%, by 20 to 29 dB in 6.5%, and by more than 29 dB in 9.2% of the cases. A sensorineural hearing loss of more than 60 dB at all frequencies occurred immediately after the operation in 2 cases (0.7%). There was 1 case of facial paralysis (0.3%). Four patients (1.5%) complained of persistent vertigo. Canal wall-down mastoidectomy is an adequate treatment for chronic otitis with cholesteatoma or chronic otomastoiditis. The anatomic and functional results are satisfactory, and the rate of complications is acceptably low. A tympanoplasty can be performed simultaneously. Thus, for the large majority of patients, only a single intervention is required; however, a small minority can benefit from a revision tympanoplasty. In order to obtain these results, both the patient and the surgeon should engage in a long-term follow-up.
Gunshot wounds to the facial nerve; Objective: This paper presents our experience with gunshot wounds to the temporal bone and discusses facial nerve lesions, surgical indication, surgical timing, and other findings. Study Design: We performed a retrospective review of patients treated for facial nerve lesion after gunshot injury to the temporal bone. Setting: The study was performed in the Otolaryngology Department of the University of São Paulo Medical School, São Paulo, Brazil. Patients: Ninety-eight patients treated between 1988 and 1999 were analyzed. Intervention: Facial nerve lesions, bullet locations, and surgical techniques were analyzed. Patients were monitored for 2 years. Results: Gunshot trauma to the temporal bone presented considerable tissue loss resulting from the abrasion effect and severity of the impact. The third segment of the facial nerve was most affected, and the bullet was typically found lodged in the mastoid tip. Postoperative infection was common. Such cases required revision surgery, resulting in worse cosmetic outcomes than in cases of closed trauma. Conclusions: Surgical exploration of the facial nerve should be performed as soon as possible, since long delays increase the chance of traumatic neuroma and more pronounced scarring around the facial nerve. Open mastoidectomy with meatoplasty is the surgical technique recommended for repairing the mastoid and the facial nerve. In the majority of cases, a cable graft is necessary. Since nerve lesion in proximity to the stylomastoid foramen and extratemporal facial nerve is common, these areas must be explored carefully.
Expression of emotion and quality of life after facial nerve paralysis; Objective: To investigate the facial expression of emotion and quality of life in patients after long-term facial nerve paralysis. Study Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: Facial nerve paralysis clinic. Patients: Twenty-four patients with facial nerve paralysis and 24 significant others (partner, relative, friend). Intervention: Patients were assessed using Sunnybrook, Sydney, and House-Brackmann grading scales and SF-36, Glasgow Benefit Inventory, and Facial Disability Index quality-of-life measures. Results: When patients identified themselves as either effective or not effective at facially communicating each of Ekman's primary emotions (happiness, disgust, surprise, anger, sadness, and fear), 50% classified themselves as not effective at expressing one or more of the six emotions. Significant others of the not effective patients rated the emotions as more difficult for their partner-patients to communicate facially than did the significant others of effective patients. The SF-36 quality-of-life survey revealed lower social functioning relative to physical functioning for not effective patients. From the Sunnybrook Facial Grading System, more synkinesis was found for those patients not effective at expressing happiness, less brow and eye movement for patients not effective at expressing sadness, and less voluntary movement for those not effective with surprise. Conclusion: Movement deficits associated with expressing specific emotions and an association with quality-of-life measures were identified in patients with long-term facial nerve paralysis who saw themselves as not effective at facial expression of emotions. To improve management of emotional expression in patients with facial nerve paralysis, a broader approach is recommended, linking the practitioner's treatment goals with patient-driven outcome goals.
Airway considerations in craniofacial patients; Airway obstruction in children with craniofacial abnormalities can cause significant morbidity and mortality. The status of the airway should be assessed as part of the initial and follow-up clinical evaluations. When abnormalities exist, an approach to effective management can follow rational and effective guidelines. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Facial nerve in parotidectomy: A topographical analysis; Objective: Establish normative data concerning parotidectomy and facial nerve dissection and determine the relationship between the length of the facial nerve dissected during parotidectomy and subsequent facial nerve paresis. Study Design: Prospective mapping of facial nerve during parotidectomy and comparison with postoperative facial nerve function. Methods: A prospective observational study of 78 patients who underwent 79 parotidectomy procedures. During each procedure, various topographical measurements were recorded. These measurements included the distance from the tragal pointer to the main trunk of the facial nerve, the distance to the pes anserinus, and length of each segmental branch dissected. In addition, a designation of the patient's tumor location was made by drawing a line from the ear canal to the nasal spine. Tumors above this line were designated anatomic zone A and those below the line were designated anatomic zone B. Finally, facial nerve function was quantified at a 1-week follow-up visit using the House-Brackmann Scale. Results: The distance from the main trunk of the facial nerve to the tragal pointer was significantly (P < .000) less than the previously accepted standard of 1 cm. The cervical and marginal mandibular branches had more nerve dissected, whereas the eye and forehead branches were the least dissected. Results of an independent t test and logistic regression (P = .01, both) indicated that patients with temporary facial nerve paresis had a significantly greater amount of nerve dissected than patients without temporary facial nerve paresis. Patients with short-term facial nerve dysfunction had significantly (P < .01) more total nerve dissected (136.73 mm vs. 94.73 mm) than patients without short-term facial nerve dysfunction. Patients with nerve dissection lengths at the third quartile (130.0 mm) were 3.8 times more likely to experience temporary facial nerve paresis than patients with nerve dissection lengths at the first quartile (64.5 mm). Conclusions: The axiom that the main trunk of the facial nerve is located 1 cm from the tragal pointer may need to be modified to less than 1 cm. The cervical and marginal mandibular branches had more nerve dissected, whereas the eye and forehead branches were the least dissected. Facial nerve paresis after parotidectomy is associated with the length of the facial nerve dissected during the procedure. The greater the length of facial nerve dissected, the higher the chance of facial nerve paresis, albeit temporarily, in this particular series of patients.
Update on side effects from common vaccines; Vaccines have had a tremendous impact on public health by reducing morbidity and mortality from a variety of virulent pathogens. However, unintended side effects continue to pose a potential risk that may outweigh the vaccine's protective attributes. In this review, we discuss recent articles and controversies pertaining to vaccine-associated adverse events. Included in the discussion are influenza, hepatitis B, measles-mumps-rubella, diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis, polio, Haemophilus influenzae type b, and rotavirus vaccines. The importance and contribution of vaccine constituents (such as thimerosal) to side effects is also reviewed. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc.
A case report of middle ear malignancy; A case report of middle ear malignancy presenting as aural polyp, facial palsy, preauricular swelling with severe hearing loss and vertigo preceded by a long history of CSOM, is being reported for its rarity and clinical interest.
Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I): Safety and efficacy; Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is a peptide synthesized manly in the liver by stimulation by pituitary growth hormone (GH). It circulates almost entirely bound to its binding proteins. It is the anabolic effector hormone of GH. It is the only treatment in states of GH resistance such as Laron syndrome and blocking antibodies to human GH. As it suppresses insulin and GH secretion it has been used in states of insulin resistance including Type II diabetes mellitus. IGF-I is administered by once or twice daily injections. Adverse effects are mostly caused by overdosage. The usual daily dose in children ranges from 100 - 200 μg/kg.
Facial paralysis caused by metastasis of breast carcinoma to the temporal bone; Metastatic tumors to the temporal bone are very rare. The most common sites of origin of temporal bone metastases are breast, lung, kidney, gastrointestinal tract, larynx, prostate gland, and thyroid gland. The pathogenesis of spread to the temporal bone is most commonly by the hematogenous route. The common otologic symptoms that manifest with facial nerve paralysis are often thought to be due to a mastoid infection. Here is a report on a case of breast carcinoma presenting with otalgia, otorrhea, and facial paralysis for 2 months. The patient was initially diagnosed as mastoiditis, and later the clinical impression was revised to metastatic breast carcinoma to temporal bone, based on the pathologic findings. Metastatic disease should be considered as a possible etiology in patients with a clinical history of malignant neoplasms presenting with common otologic or vestibular symptoms, especially with facial nerve paralysis.
Facial nerve neuroma: Surgical concept and functional results; This study reviewed the management and outcomes of 11 facial nerve neuromas treated in our institution during the past two decades with particular emphasis on surgical concepts and functional outcomes. All patients underwent complete surgical resection of their tumor. Eight patients (73%) were followed on an outpatient basis. A retrospective chart review for pre- and postoperative clinical and radiological data was performed. All facial neuromas were multisegment tumors. All segments of the facial nerve were represented, but 54% involved the geniculate ganglion and 45% involved the labyrinthine or tympanic portions of the nerve, or both. Depending on the extent of sensorineural hearing loss, surgical removal was performed through the middle cranial fossa or translabyrinthine approach. To obtain adequate nerve reconstruction, we combined intra- and extracranial approaches (e.g., the transmastoidal and transtemporal routes). Regardless of the type of nerve reconstruction, the best recovery achieved was moderate facial weakness (House-Brackmann Grade III) in 75% of the patients, even in a patient who was Grade IV preoperatively. The choice of treatment for facial neuromas and surgical approach depends on the extent of tumor, grade of facial palsy, and hearing function. When facial palsy is present, complete resection is clearly indicated. In patients without facial dysfunction, a conservative strategy consisting of clinical and radiological observation should be considered as a treatment option. Copyright © 2004 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Miescher's cheilitis granulomatosa. A presentation of five cases; Miescher's cheilitis granulomatosa (CG) consists of the appearance of recurrent labial edema on one or both lips, which can become persistent. It has traditionally been considered as a monosymptomatic form of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, described as the association of recurrent labial and/or recurrent facial edema, relapsing facial paralysis and fissured tongue. The aim of this study is to present a series of five clinically and histopathologically diagnosed cases of CG that came to our clinic at the Teaching Unit of Oral Medicine, Faculty of Medicine and Odontology, University of Murcia. A complete study of these patients evaluated the age, sex, family history, and location and course of the signs and symptoms. Various complementary examinations were carried out, studying the hematic characteristics (hemogram, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, leukocyte count), including immunological and histopathological studies. The treatment consisted of intralesional corticoids, combined in some cases with anti-leprous drugs or systemic corticoids. A good response to treatment was obtained in all cases.
Mechanical thrombectomy of the internal carotid artery and middle cerebral arteries for acute stroke by using the retriever device; We report a case of mechanical thrombectomy in which a new device, the Retriever, was used for acute cerebral ischemia in the setting of extensive occlusion of the left internal carotid and middle cerebral arteries. Excellent radiographic and clinical results were obtained. The Retriever is currently approved and available for foreign body extraction and for intracranial thrombectomy when used as part of the Mechanical Embolus Removal in Cerebral Ischemia, or MERCI, clinical trial. This device was able to retrieve and remove clots efficiently from the intracranial and extracranial circulation, offering a new therapeutic alternative in the treatment of acute cerebral ischemic disease. © American Society of Neuroradiology.
Outcomes research in head and neck cancer; Quality of life (QOL) considerations are uniquely important in head and neck oncology outcomes research due to the multidimensional impact of these tumors and their treatment. Patient variables, tumor variables and treatment variables must be considered comprehensively in order to maximize the validity of QOL outcome measures. There are a multitude of QOL instruments, which can be classifi ed into: (1) general measures of health-related QOL, (2) general QOL instruments for patients with cancer, (3) disease-specifi c instruments for patients with head and neck cancer, (4) treatment-specific instruments and (5) symptom-specific instruments. This article will highlight commonly used validated QOL instruments in head and neck oncology. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Results of extracapsular dissection of pleomorphic adenoma of parotid gland; Current opinion that extracapsular dissection is in fact a euphemism for enucleation prompted us to retrospectively identify all patients in whom the extracapsular dissection technique was used and to critically assess the value of this technique. The study includes all patients who underwent extracapsular dissection of parotid pleomorphic adenoma from 1979 to 2002 in our department (Department of Surgical Oncology, Medical University of Lodz, Poland). Ninety-eight cases were evaluated. Mean tumor diameter was 3.6 cm (range, 1.5 to 10 cm; median, 3 cm). In 8 cases (8/98; 8.2%) local recurrence was observed. For the entire group, the probability of living 10 years without the recurrence of the disease was 0.58. The lowest probability of local recurrence was found in patients with tumors larger than 4 to 6 cm in diameter. In these cases, the extensiveness of resection was similar to superficial parotidectomy, which could explain the result. In 13 cases (13/98; 13.3%) capsular exposure was found and consequently microscopic disease was present at the excision margins. In 7 cases (7/98; 7.1%) capsular rupture took place during surgery. The persistent paresis of facial nerve was observed in 8 cases (8/98; 8.2%). Extracapsular dissection of pleomorphic adenoma is a very demanding technique. Inevitable eventual clinical errors (eg, incomplete resection) lead to unacceptably high incidences of recurrences and complications. We do not advise this technique for the treatment of pleomorphic adenoma. © 2004 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Ruptured de novo thrombotic giant aneurysm induced by ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate: Case report; Background A very rare case of a ruptured aneurysm induced by ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate is reported. Case description Six years earlier, this 68-year-old woman had undergone microvascular decompression for trigeminal neuralgia during which the left vertebral artery, which compressed the exit zone of the trigeminal nerve, had been detached and fixed to the dura mater of the petrous bone with ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate. Shortly thereafter she underwent microvascular decompression for left-side facial palsy; again ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate was used. Six years later, she suffered a subarachnoid hemorrhage because of rupture of a new aneurysm of the left vertebral artery. She was referred to our hospital where coil embolization was attempted on the day following the insult. However, the left vertebral artery and the aneurysm could not be occluded completely, and she suddenly died 20 days later from rerupture of the aneurysm. Conclusion This is the first pathologic report of a ruptured de novo aneurysm induced by ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate. We suggest that arterial wall damage by ethyl 2-cyanoacrylate may have contributed to the development of the de novo aneurysm. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lymphocyte subsets in Bell's palsy: Immune pathogenesis and outcome prediction; The aim of this prospective study is to define the prognostic significance of lymphocyte subset analysis in children with Bell's palsy. Lymphocyte subgroup analysis in peripheral blood was performed in 17 children with Bell's palsy by using flow cytometry. Before a standard protocol of corticosteroid treatment, patients were categorized into two groups for facial nerve impairment on the basis of the clinical findings: Group 1 (mild to moderate impairment), 7 patients; and Group 2 (severe impairment), 10 patients. Outcome of the patients was evaluated at the end of 3 months follow-up and categorized as satisfactory recovery (n = 12) or unsatisfactory recovery (n = 5). Decreased percentages of B cells (CD19) and T helper/inducer (CD4) subsets were measured in patients with Bell's palsy compared with age-matched healthy control patients. Patients with severe impairment had significantly lower percentages of CD4 and CD19 subsets, whereas patients with mild to moderate impairment had only decreased percentage of CD19 subsets. There was no statistically significant difference in the percentage of lymphocyte subsets between the patients with satisfactory and unsatisfactory recovery. These results provide additional support for cell-mediated immunopathogenesis in patients with Bell's palsy, without any prognostic significance for the outcome. © 2004 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Deep neck infection: Analysis of 185 cases; Purpose. This study reviews our experience with deep neck infections and tries to identify the predisposing factors of life-threatening complications. Methods. A retrospective review was conducted of patients who were diagnosed as having deep neck infections in the Department of Otolaryngology at National Taiwan University Hospital from 1997 to 2002. Their demographics, etiology, associated systemic diseases, bacteriology, radiology, treatment, duration of hospitalization, complications, and outcomes were reviewed. The attributing factors to deep neck infections, such as the age and systemic diseases of patients, were also analyzed. Results. One hundred eighty-five charts were recorded; 109 (58.9%) were men, and 76 (41.1%) were women, with a mean age of 49.5 ± 20.5 years. Ninety-seven (52.4%) of the patients were older than 50 years old. There were 63 patients (34.1%) who had associated systemic diseases, with 88.9% (56/63) of those having diabetes mellitus (DM). The parapharyngeal space (38.4%) was the most commonly involved space. Odontogenic infections and upper airway infections were the two most common causes of deep neck infections (53.2% and 30.5% of the known causes). Streptococcus viridans and Klebsiella pneumoniae were the most common organisms (33.9%, 33.9%) identified through pus cultures. K. pneumoniae was also the most common infective organism (56.1%) in patients with DM. Of the abscess group (142 patients), 103 patients (72.5%) underwent surgical drainages. Thirty patients (16.2%) had major complications during admission, and among them, 18 patients received tracheostomies. Those patients with underlying systemic diseases or complications or who received tracheostomy tended to have a longer hospital stay and were older. There were three deaths (mortality rate, 1.6%). All had an underlying systemic disease and were older than 72 years of age. Conclusions. When dealing with deep neck infections in a high-risk group (older patients with DM or other underlying systemic diseases) in the clinic, more attention should be paid to the prevention of complications and even the possibility of death. Early surgical drainage remains the main method of treating deep neck abscesses. Therapeutic needle aspiration and conservative medical treatment are effective in selective cases such as those with minimal abscess formation. © 2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Operative findings and outcomes of microvascular decompression for trigeminal neuralgia in 35 patients affected by multiple sclerosis; OBJECTIVE: The concept of vascular compression of the trigeminal root as the main etiological factor in idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia has achieved widespread acceptance, and microvascular decompression (MVD) is a well-established surgical procedure for its treatment, Multiple sclerosis (MS) has long been considered to be an absolute contraindication to MVD because of the supposed exclusive causative role of a demyelinating lesion affecting the trigeminal root entry zone. Magnetic resonance imaging preoperative identification of suspicious vessels along the asternal course of the trigeminal nerve in MS patients raises the question of a possible causative role of vascular compression in MS patients. METHODS: We describe magnetic resonance imaging findings, surgical findings, and outcomes in 35 MS patients who underwent MVD for medically intractable trigeminal neuralgia. Results were assessed by clinical follow-up and periodic phone surveys. The mean follow-up was 44 months (range, 6-108 mo). RESULTS: Magnetic resonance imaging revealed the presence of demyelinating lesions affecting the brainstem trigeminal pathways of the painful side in 26 (74%) of 35 patients. During surgery, severe neurovascular compression at the trigeminal root entry zone was found in 16 (46%) of 35 patients. The long-term outcome was excellent in 39%, good in 14%, fair in 8%, and poor in 39% of patients. No statistically significant prognostic factor predicting good outcome could be found. There was no mortality, with a 2.5% long-term morbidity rate (facial nerve palsy in one patient). CONCLUSION: Results of MVD in trigeminal neuralgia MS patients are much less satisfactory than in the idiopathic group, indicating that central mechanisms play a major role in pain genesis.
Adverse effects of thalidomide administration in patients with neoplastic diseases; Thalidomide, a glutamic acid derivative, was withdrawn from clinical use in 1962 due to its severe teratogenic effects. Its recent reinstitution in clinical practice was related to its benefits in leprosy and multiple myeloma. Moreover, the antiangiogenic and immunomodulatory properties of thalidomide have led to its evaluation in several malignant diseases, including myelofibrosis, renal cell cancer, prostate cancer, and Kaposi sarcoma. However, thalidomide use is associated with several side effects: somnolence and constipation are the most common, while deep vein thrombosis and peripheral neuropathy are the most serious. A combination of thalidomide with steroids or chemotherapy is being evaluated in several phase 2 studies. While it is not yet clear whether these combinations will enhance efficacy, they appear to increase the toxicity of thalidomide, and thalidomide analogs are being developed to minimize this toxicity. Ongoing studies will clarify the potential advantages of these agents in the treatment of neoplastic diseases. © 2004 by Elsevier Inc.
Binaural auditory deficit during pregnancy; Neurological impairment during pregnancy is also commonly found in otorhinolaryngology. Cranial nerve palsy, e.g. of the facial nerve or changes in signal processing of the hearing system, are described. Apart from changes in electrolyte balance, these neurological alterations are attributed to hormone fluctuations. The spontaneous remission of the neurological problems after delivery is frequently reported. This case report presents a 34 year pregnant patient suffering from binaural sensorineural hearing loss and tinnitus in the third trimester. Three weeks after delivery there was a spontaneous remission and a measurable improvement of the audiological findings. Although treatment with cortisone and antibiotics remained without effect, a pharmacological treatment during pregnancy has to be carefully and individually coordinated. An interdisciplinary approach in diagnostic and therapeutic measures together with gynaecologists appears obligatory.
Neurosarcoidosis mimicking Sjögren's syndrome; Purpose: To describe a patient with a long disease history who was finally diagnosed with neurosarcoidosis and to discuss the reasons behind the delayed diagnosis. Case Report: A 58-year-old man with sick sinus syndrome and bradycardia, which was treated with a pacemaker, developed first right and then left facial palsy. Subsequently, multiple cranial nerve palsies developed and later spontaneously resolved. Neurosarcoidosis was suspected at that stage, but excluded because the patient had no typical sarcoid lung changes, his serum and cerebrospinal fluid angiotensin converting enzyme activity levels were normal and a computed tomography scan disclosed no central nervous system changes. During follow-up, the patient developed extremely dry eyes and mouth, suggesting Sjögren's syndrome. Rheumatology consultation did not reveal any autoimmune or visceral features typical of Sjögren's syndrome and autoantibodies were negative. However, both labial salivary gland and conjunctival biopsies revealed non-caseating granulomas, and neurosarcoidosis was diagnosed. Conclusions: Neurosarcoidosis is a relatively rare disease with a somewhat poor longterm prognosis in one-third of cases, although the neurological manifestations often diminish or disappear in response to glucocorticoid treatment. Diagnosis is often a clinical challenge, especially in the absence of pulmonary changes or other features typical of sarcoidosis. The labial salivary gland and conjunctiva provide helpful biopsy sites for histopathological confirmation of the diagnosis. Copyright © Acta Ophthalmol Scand 2004.
Spastic paretic hemifacial contracture (SPHC) in a patient with multiple sclerosis. A clinical, EMG and neuroimaging study; We present the case of a 42-year-old woman with a 4-year history of definite multiple sclerosis (MS) and sustained contracture of the left hemiface with marked left deviation of the nose, deepened left nasolabial groove, narrowed palpebral fissure and weakness of the contracting muscles. Needle electromyography showed continuous resting activity of irregularly firing motor unit potentials (MUP) in the left orbicularis oculi (OO) and orbicularis oris, but not in the left frontalis. Simultaneous recording of maximal voluntary contraction of the OO on both sides showed marked preponderance on the right. Blink reflex findings were consistent with an injury in the pons, mainly in the vicinity of the left facial nucleus. A magnetic resonance imaging study showed multiple supra- and infra-tentorial white matter lesions, as well as multiple lesions at the level of the pons. Complete recovery was observed after 3months. This condition has been described in cases of brainstem tumor as spastic paretic hemifacial contracture (SPHC). Up to now SPHC has not been explicitly associated with MS and, in this case, it could be arguably attributed to hyperexcitability of the facial neurons due to demyelination of the corticofacial fibers. © 2004 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy-associated femoral nerve affection; Background: Common neuropathies during pregnancy are carpal tunnel syndrome or peripheral facial paralysis. However, there is little information about femoral nerve affection during pregnancy. Case report: We report on a female at 30 weeks of gestation, complaining of pain in hips and thighs and gait difficulty. Pregnancy was normally developed. Neurological examination showed a bilateral weakness in both quadriceps and iliopsoas muscles combined with soreness in hips and thighs, without deficits of sensibility. Laboratory findings and results of a lumbar punction were normal. Pelvic ultrasound and an MRI scan of the spine and pelvis showed no mass or disc prolaps. Neuromyographic evaluation bilaterally revealed acute signs of denervation of the muscles innervated by femoral nerve. Caesarean section was performed at 32 gestational weeks, as pain was unbearable and refractory to treatment with even opiates. Post partum, pain relieved immediately, and after weeks of physiotherapy, complete remission was achieved. Conclusion: This unusual manifestation of a neuropathy in pregnancy could be due to pressure on the femoral nerve. The patients' anxiety can be eliminated, as the described cases in literature show an excellent prognosis. However, the severity of symptoms can lead us to necessity of premature delivery.
Neurological examination of stroke patients in the out-of-hospital setting - The Cincinnati Prehospital Stroke Scale; Acute stroke is a medical emergency. It's outcome is the more favorable the earlier qualified therapy is initiated. To profit from the effect of systemic thrombolysis, patients need to be treated within three hours after symptom onset. In this paper a simple neurological score for the recognition of typical stroke symptoms in the out-of-hospital setting is being reviewed. The Cincinnati Prehospital Stroke Scale (CPSS) is composed of the items facial palsy, arm drift and abnormal speech and can be applied by physicians and paramedics with very good inter-rater reliability. The CPSS well predicts strokes in the MCA territory, on the other hand performing less reliable regarding strokes in the posterior circulation. The CPSS should be expanded by the item "acuity" to improve the positive predictive value. Emergency medical services (EMS) personnel should be trained in applying the CPSS, and the latter should be included in the standard EMS documentation.
Hemifacial spasm: Results of treatment with low dose botulinum toxin injection; Background: Hemifacial Sapsm (HFS) is a common movement disorder in Thailand. Botulinum toxin type A (BTA) is an effective and safe treatment for this condition. The success of BTA treatment depends on the experience of the clinician. Objective: To study the demographic data, efficacy and safety of low dose BTA injection in HFS patients. Setting: The Spastic and Dystonia Clinic, Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital. Design: Open-label, prospective case-series study. Patients: All patients with HFS referred for BTA injection from December 1st, 1995 to November 30th, 2003. Method: Sex, age, side of spasm, onset of symptoms before BTA injection, underlying diseases, sites of BTA injection, dose of each BTA treatment, duration of response, efficacy, and side-effects were analyzed. 3-5 units of BOTOX were intramuscularly injected per site to all muscles that had spasm. After injection, a 20-minute cold compression on the first day was followed by 20-minute warm compression with massage at each injection site per day for 14 days. Results: A total of 112 patients with HFS were treated with 874 BTA treatments. There were 71 females (63.4%) and 41 males (36.6%). The mean age was 45 years. 75 patients (67%) were affected on the left side. Mean duration of symptoms was 3.4 years. The sites of injection were orbicularis occuli and orbicularis oris muscles in all 874 treatments (100%). The mean dose of all treatments was 25 units. The mean initial dose was 30.5units. The mean dose for subsequent injection was 23 units. The mean duration between treatments was 4.7 months. The mean initial duration was 3.5 months. The mean duration for subsequent injection was 4.8 months. The outcomes of treatment assessed at 4 weeks after injection classified as excellent (> 80% improvement) were found in 845 treatments (96.7%). Most treatments had no complication (91.9%). Ptosis, facial paresis and double vision were mild and transient, lasting 1-4 weeks. There were no long-term complications of BTA treatment in the present series. Conclusion: Low dose BTA injection is an effective treatment for hemifacial spasm patients. There was a longer duration of response in subsequent injections and a lower complication rate in the present study when compared to others.
Efficacy of acupuncture and moxibustion in treating Bell's palsy: A multicenter randomized controlled trial in China; Background. Bell's palsy involves acute facial paralysis due to inflammation of the facial nerve. Acupuncture and moxibustion (acu-moxi) is beneficial in treating facial palsy. In order to verify the efficacy of acu-moxi on Bell's palsy, a randomized single-blind, multicenter clinical trial was performed. Methods. A total of 480 patients from four clinical centers were involved in this trial, of whom 439 completed the trial and 41 did not. All patients were randomly assigned to either the control group or to one of two treatment groups. The control group was treated with prednisone, vitamin B1, vitamin B12, and dibazole; the treatment groups were treated either with acu-moxi alone or in combination with prednisone, Vitamin B1, vitamin B12, and dibazole. Symptoms and signs, the House-Brackmann scale, and facial disability index (FDI) scores were assessed and determined both pre- and post-treatment to evaluate the effectiveness of the treatment methods. Results. The characteristics of the control and two treatment groups were comparable without statistically significant differences before treatment. There were significant differences between the control and treatment groups after treatment (χ2 = 15.265, P = 0.018). According to evaluations based on the House-Brackmann scale and FDI scores, the effectiveness of treatment in the two treatment groups was better than in the control group and was most effective in patients receiving acu-moxi treatment alone (Z = -2.827, P = 0.005). Conclusion. The efficacy of acu-moxi treatment for Bell's palsy is verified scientifically.
Diabetes insipidus from neurosarcoidosis: Long-term follow-up for more than eight years; Four patients with sarcoidosis presented as hypothalamic-hypophyseal syndrome including diabetes insipidus (DI) were followed up for more than 8 years from the onset of clinical manifestation. The mean age was 26 years, male : female ratio was 3 : 1 and the mean disease duration of 10 years. All patients had hypogonadism, hyperprolactinemia. Pituitary enlargement with thickening of the pituitary stalk were detected by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with gadolinium enhancement and attenuation in the intensity of the posterior lobe of the pituitary was detected without enhancement. Corticosteroid therapy resulted in the initial improvement of symptoms and gradual decrease in the tumor size but failed to cure polyuria due to DI. The use of desmopressin was necessary for a long period. None of these patients died from DI or central neurosarcoidosis.
Craniofacial neural disorders: A guide for diagnosis and management; The purpose of this article is to provide a succinct diagnosis and management regimen for neural disorders of the craniofacial region. This guide is an attempt to organize available data in a format for use by the craniofacial pain practitioner. The management regimens are brief because the management of many of these disorders may be outside the scope of dentistry. Also, the purpose of this guide is to be user-friendly and complete. Terminology is based on a literature review so individual disorders may be researched more completely. Copyright © 2004 by CHROMA, Inc.
Quality of life following parotidectomy for malignant and benign disease; Parotidectomy is performed for benign or malignant tumors and for selected benign inflammatory and autoimmune conditions. Possible associated complications include facial nerve paralysis, pain, loss of sensation, gustatory sweating, and facial scarring. Global quality of life in patients undergoing parotidectomy has not been reported. The implications of facial surgery with the catastrophic potential of facial nerve paralysis may severely affect quality of life. A quality-of-life study was conducted in patients undergoing parotidectomy for benign and malignant diseases to define the significance of associated morbidity and its impact on quality of life. A quality-of-life instrument was specifically created, based on the principles of the University of Washington Quality of Life questionnaire, and mailed to the patients. Questions addressed recognized complications of parotidectomy. Patient group results were compared for age above and below 45 years, sex, benign versus malignant disease, presence or absence of Frey syndrome, and presence or absence of benign pleomorphic adenoma. Forty-six percent of 125 patients meeting the study criteria fully replied to the questionnaire. The global health score was 3.5, corresponding with "good" to "very good." Except for local sensation, which had a score of 50, all other domains scored above 76. Change in appearance, gustatory sweating, and pain were reported by 70 percent, 57 percent, and 30 percent, respectively. Importance attributed to all domains except facial function was low. Pain was encountered significantly less in patients younger than 45 years of age, and scores for appearance were also highly significant in this age group. Postoperative sequelae were noted in the majority of patients. The dominant sequelae were altered sensation, change in appearance, Frey syndrome, and pain. A degree of permanent postoperative facial nerve impairment was reported by 10 patients. Nevertheless, overall, parotidectomy does not seem to severely affect quality of life.
Microvascular decompresion for hemifacial spasm; The hemifacial spasm is an involuntary paroxistic contraction of the facial muscle, appears more frecuently in the left side and in females and seldom disapears by itself. Has being treated with botulin infections with poor results. We present 116 decompressions that were done to 88 patients in a 10 years period 1992-2002. All patients had previous medical treatment. They were operated with microsurgical technique and were followed from 1 to 133 months. The results we excellent in 70.45 % after the first operation, good in 6.82% and poor in 20.45%. At the final long observation were excellent in 81.82% good in 6.82 % and poor in 11.36%. The main complications were hipoacusia and transitory facial paresis. We believe that the surgical treatment is the best option for this condition. ©INNN, 2004.
Visual disfigurement and depression.; Approximately 10% of the population has a facial disfigurement, such as a scar, blemish, or deformity that severely affects the ability to lead a normal life, and 2 to 3% have a clearly visible blemish. They may experience depressive symptoms due to disfigurement, stressful life events, or other causes. Depression is a painful and costly disorder that is often unrecognized and untreated in specialty practices; it is linked with higher costs of care, lengths of stay, and rates of rehospitalization. Often, these individuals seek plastic surgery to repair the disfigurement, and depressive symptoms are not uncommon preoperatively, perioperatively, and postoperatively. In addition, depressive disorders exist among 20 to 32% of people with a medical disease. Major depression is a recurring and disabling illness that typically responds to treatment with psychotherapy, antidepressants, and social support. Nurses have a major role to play in screening for and detecting depression so it can be evaluated and referred for treatment. Nurses also provide education, psychosocial support, and advocacy for patients with depression. Identifying those with depressed symptoms allows the nurse to recommend treatment, offer referrals, and provide supportive interventions.
Lagophthalmy of VII nerve palsy--therapeutical approaches; Facial nerve palsy is impairing orbicular muscle function leading to lagophthalmos. This disease impairs patients' quality of life by exposure keratopathy which is accompanied by ocular pain and deteriorate visual acuity at a variable degree. The paper's aim is to show up the place of lagophthalmos in anterior ocular segment pathology and to evidence the results obtained by us with a new therapeutical method applied in several cases. All cases with lagophthalmos have ocular complications like exposure kerato-conjunctivitis. The treatment was both conservative and surgical which consisted in majority of cases in blepharoraphy with its inconveniencies, aesthetical and functional. We have applied a new surgical method--gold weight superior lid implantation--in 4 cases and the results are promising.
Delayed facial nerve paresis following acoustic neuroma resection and postoperative vasoactive treatment; Object: Delayed facial nerve paresis is a well known clinical phenomenon following acoustic neuroma surgery, typically occurring early during the postoperative course. The clinical course of the delayed facial nerve paresis and intraoperative electromyographic (EMG) signals were evaluated in a subgroup of patients who underwent vasoactive treatment for preservation of hearing and developed secondary deterioration after termination of treatment. Methods: Between 1990 and 2001 seven patients were identified who received vasoactive treatment for preservation of hearing and developed a delayed facial nerve paresis after termination of medication. Intraoperative facial nerve EMG activity was analyzed in six patients. Results: All patients developed a delayed facial nerve paresis between 2-5 days following termination of a 10 day treatment consisting of HES and nimodipine. Medication was re-initiated and the facial nerve paresis improved in all patients. In two patients intraoperative EMG signals revealed "A-trains" waveform patterns, which are highly suggestive for an immediate postoperative facial nerve paresis, whereas in four patients no pathognomonic EMG patterns could be recorded. Conclusions: The delayed onset of a facial paresis following termination of vasoactive treatment points to a disturbed microcirculation of the nerve as the main pathophysiological feature. Two groups could be identified on the basis of intraoperative EMG activity. In one group with presence of "A-trains" medication apparently masked the onset of an immediate postoperative facial nerve deficit. Four patients without "A-trains" did not develop a typical delayed facial nerve paresis during vasoactive treatment, but thereafter. The time lag between termination of treatment and onset of a delayed palsy points to a protective effect due to improved microcirculation.
Unexpected events during mandibular distraction osteogenesis; Various unexpected events during mandibular distraction osteogenesis are described in 16 syndromic children with severely retrognathic or asymmetric lower jaws who were treated with unilateral or bilateral extraoral distraction. The mean total time with the distraction devices attached was 14 weeks (range 10-19). Although improvement in facial aesthetics and the desired occlusion was achieved in all but one case, there were unexpected events associated with mandibular distraction. These included pain not related to the operation, functional disturbance in movement of the jaw, dietary problems, weight loss, unfulfilled expectations of decannulation, temporary unilateral facial nerve palsy, and transient unilateral hypoaesthesia of the inferior alveolar nerve. Reoperation was required in 5 of the 16. In addition to these events, psychosocial problems within one family complicated the procedure. Patients and their families should be informed of the lesser-known aspects of distraction osteogenesis before the procedure is used.
Carcinoid tumor of the middle ear; Although carcinoid tumors are labeled as neuroendocrine tumors they can also originate in tissue lacking neuroendocrine cells, such as that in the middle ear. Symptoms of a carcinoid tumor in the middle ear are common ear symptoms such as fullness, pain and hearing loss. Carcinoid tumors have also been considered to be slow-growing. Both these aspects can easily lead to a relatively late diagnosis of carcinoid tumor of the middle ear. The diagnosis is made histologically, and the tumor is primarily treated surgically. In the follow-up of patients, octreotide scanning has proved to be a sensitive method in cases of both recurrence and metastasis. Our patient was a 34-year-old, otherwise healthy female with left-sided acute otitis media and facial palsy in her left ear. She had also suffered from the same symptoms 4 years earlier. She was treated with an operation, and the histologic diagnosis was a carcinoid tumor. In the follow-up of the patient we used octreotide scanning.
A case report of localized Wegener's granulomatosis presenting as otitis media; Wegener's granulomatosis is a distinct clinicopathologic entity characterized by granulomatosis vasculitis of the respiratory tract accompanied by glomerulonephritis. We report a case of a 56-year-old female with localized Wegener's granulomatosis presenting as otitis media. The patient complained of right ear pain. Antibiotic treatment was ineffectual and right sensorineural deafness and right facial palsy became apparent. Perinuclear anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (p-ANCA) was positive, but cytoplasmic anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (c-ANCA) was negative. The histopathologic appearance of granulation tissue in her tympanic and nasal cavity indicated inflammatory granulation involving multinucleated giant cells and epithelioid cells. The disease did not involve her lung or kidney, so it was diagnosed as localized Wegener's granulomatosis. Glucocorticoid treatment with cyclophosphamide improved the right hearing loss and facial palsy. CRP and p-ANCA became negative. Early diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis is difficult because of atypical manifestations of the disease, but ANCA measurements may be effective in the diagnosis. The present case suggests that inner ear blood flow impairment due to p-ANCA-associated small vessel vasculitis induces hearing loss.
Parotid tumor statistics for the past five years; We reviewed the case of 40 patients with parotid tumor who underwent an operation in the past five years. Results: The patients included 23 (57.5%) males and 17 (42.5%) females. The average age was 53.4 years old with a range of 19 to 71 years. Thirty eight (95.0%) had benign tumor, and 2 (5.0%) had malignant tumor. Tc scintigraphy was performed in 37 out of the 40 patients, and 9 patients showed positive results. Six patients had warthin's tumor, and 3 had pleomorphic adenoma. In other words, 66.7% were positive for warthin's tumor. Ga scintigraphy was performed in 31 out of the 40 patients. Nine were positive out of the 10 benign tumor that showed a positive result. None of the cases had permanent facial palsy as a postoperative complication. Transient facial palsy was exhibited by 13 patients (32.5%), but they all improved 2 weeks to 6 months. In addition, we experienced 1 case of salivary fistula. Discussion: Pleomorphic adenoma was noted in 63.2%, and warthin's tumor in 23.7%. There was no gender difference for pleomorphic adenoma, but 8 out of the 9 patients with warthin's tumor were men. The average age was 47.0 for pleomorphic adenoma and 58.7 for warthin's tumor which was in accordance with conventional reports. The Tc scintigraphy positive rate of warthin's tumor was low, 66.7%, in comparison with that in conventional reports. In addition, 90% of the tumors that showed positive results in Ga scintigraphy were preoperatively positive tumors, indicating the diagnostic usefulness of this. Transient facial palsy was a complication in 32.5% of the patients, which was similar to the rate in the conventional report. We experienced 1 case salivary fistula, which did not improve with conservative treatment. We opened the wounded area, and drained it by pressing.
Vaccination success rate and reaction profile with diluted and undiluted smallpox vaccine: A randomized controlled trial; Context: Additional smallpox vaccine doses are needed to augment current US national stockpile. Aventis Pasteur smallpox vaccine (APSV), initially manufactured in the 1950s from the New York Board of Health vaccinia strain in a frozen preparation, appears as effective as lyophilized vaccine but the effectiveness of diluted doses of APSV is unclear. Objective: To compare the vaccination success rate and the reaction profile of various APSV dilutions. Design, Setting, and Participants: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial of 340 healthy vaccinia-naive adults aged 18 to 32 years from 3 academic medical centers who were vaccinated with 1 of 3 strengths of APSV dilutions (undiluted, 1:5, and 1:10) between October 9, 2002, and February 24, 2003. Volunteers were followed up every 3 to 5 days until the vaccination site healed for bandage changes, vaccine response assessment, and adverse event evaluation, followed by 1- and 2-month clinic evaluations and 6-month telephone interview. Main Outcome Measures: Successful vaccination, defined by presence of a vesicle or pustule at the inoculation site 6 to 11 days postvaccination, and local and systemic reactions to vaccination. Results: A total of 340 volunteers were vaccinated (vaccine dose: undiluted, n = 113; 1:5 dilution, n = 114; and 1:10 dilution, n = 113). Following vaccination, 99.4% (95% confidence interval [CI], 97.9%-99.9%) of all volunteers had successful vaccinations. Success rates did not differ between the dilution groups (undiluted, 100.0%; 95% CI, 96.8%-100.0%; 1:5 dilution, 98.2%; 95% CI, 93.8%-99.8%; 1:10 dilution, 100.0% 95% CI, 96.8%-100.0%; P=.33). Overall, 99.7% of volunteers reported at least 1 local symptom at the vaccination site, and 61.8% had axillary lymphadenopathy, 15.0% developed satellite lesions, and 7.6% developed a rash away from the vaccination site. Fever developed in 21.5%. No differences were noted in local or systemic reactions between the 3 dilution groups (P>.05 for each comparison). A total of 25% of volunteers missed scheduled duties due to vaccine-related symptoms. Conclusions: Even at diluted doses, APSV is an effective smallpox vaccine, allowing for expansion of the current stockpile. However, reactogenicity was not reduced with dilution of the vaccine and, as with other smallpox vaccines, may impair daily activities.
Facial nerve schwannomas. Report of a case; Facial nerve schwannomas are relatively uncommon lesions. The clinical features depend upon the localization and extent of the lesion. The most common presenting symptom is that of a slowly progressive facial nerve palsy, because of facial schwannoma usually are located near the geniculate ganglion. A case of facial schwannoma is reported: a woman presenting a sudden facial palsy did not respond to medical and rehabilitation treatment. First, a Bell's palsy was diagnosed and then the facial nerve schwannoma with imaging techniques. A review about facial nerve schwannomas is reported.
Abnormal quantitative EEG scores identify patients with complicated idiopathic generalised epilepsy; Objective: To investigate the relationship between quantitative EEG (QEEG) scores and "complicating factors" (psychopathology, true pharmacoresistance, neurological symptoms) in idiopathic generalised epilepsy (IGE). Methods: 35 newly referred, newly diagnosed, unmedicated IGE patients were collected in a prospective and random manner. Standard neuro-psychiatric and EEG examination was done. The patients were treated and controlled at regular visits. After 2 years of follow-up, clinical data were summarised and were compared to QEEG results. Clinical target items were neurologic and psychiatric abnormalities, proven pharmacoresistance. Patients with at least one of these items were labelled "complicated", whereas patients without these additional handicap were labelled as "uncomplicated". The 12 QEEG target variables were: Z -transformed absolute power values for three (anterior, central, posterior) brain regions and four frequency bands (1.5-3.5; 3.5-7.5; 7.5-12.5; 12.5-25.0 Hz). QEEG scores outside the ±2.5 Z range were accepted as abnormal. The overall QEEG result was classified as normal (0-2 abnormal scores), or pathological (3 or more abnormal scores). Clinical and QEEG results were correlated. Results: All patients with psychopathology showed 4-8 positive pathological scores (power excess not confined to a single cortical region or frequency band). The two patients with pure pharmacoresistance showed pathological negative values (delta power deficit) all over the scalp. Statistically significant (P<0.001) association was found between patients with uncomplicated IGE and normal QEEG, and between complicated IGE and pathological QEEG. Patients with neurological items had normal QEEG. Conclusion: Higher degree of cortical dysfunction (as assessed in the clinical setting) is reflected by higher degree of QEEG abnormalities. QEEG analysis can differentiate between IGE patients with or without psychopathology. Forecasting psychopathology may be the practical application of the findings. © 2003 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A comparison of thyroxine- and polyamine-mediated enhancement of rat facial nerve regeneration; Thyroid hormones and spermidine, a motor neuron trophic polyamine (PA), have been shown to enhance peripheral motor nerve regeneration; however, the mechanism by which these treatment modalities exert their effect is unknown. Similarities in treatment outcome suggest that these molecules may be working via a common mechanism. Such an explanation is plausible since thyroid hormone is a potent inducer of ornithine decarboxylase (ODC), which is the rate-limiting enzyme involved in polyamine synthesis. This study was designed to morphologically evaluate the effects of exogenous thyroxine and spermidine on the regeneration of the rat facial nerve. Myelinated fiber density, axonal size, and degree of myelination were assayed by light and electron microscopy 21 days following facial nerve crush. Strikingly, the two treatment modalities had identical effects on all parameters tested. Each significantly enhanced the density of myelinated axons in regenerating nerves relative to the vehicle control. In addition, relative to the control treatment, both thyroxine and spermidine significantly increased the cross-sectional area of regenerating axons (P < 0.05). Interestingly, neither of the drug treatments had any effect on remyelination at the position where this parameter was analyzed. The concurrent administration of both thyroxine and spermidine did not synergistically enhance motor neuron regeneration. These data support the hypothesis that thyroxine and spermidine enhance neural regeneration by a common mechanism. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
T-cell lymphoma presenting as acute mastoiditis with a facial palsy; Isolated T-cell lymphomas affecting only the mastoid are extremely rare. Presentation with oto-neurological signs prior to systemic involvement of a lymphoproliferative disease is also unusual. This is the youngest reported patient with a peripheral T-cell lymphoma with disease isolated only in the mastoid who presented with acute mastoiditis and a complete seventh cranial nerve palsy. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Depressor labii inferioris resection: An effective treatment for marginal mandibular nerve paralysis; In patients who show their lower teeth during smiling and facial animation, paralysis of the marginal mandibular nerve (MMN) causes a noticeable asymmetry of the lower lip due to the absence of depressor function. This paper presents a balancing technique for this lower lip asymmetry that involves resection of the depressor labii inferioris (DLI) on the nonparalysed side. The anatomy of the muscle, the operative technique, and the effectiveness of the procedure are outlined. A retrospective chart review was performed for 42 adult patients who were treated for MMN palsy with a DLI resection. Seven cases had only the MMN involved, and 35 cases had unilateral facial nerve paralysis. Thirty-six of these patients were available for a follow-up telephone survey. Of the 42 primary DLI resections performed, 36 cases had successful outcomes. Of the six patients who failed to achieve the expected results, five patients had repeat DLI resection and three of these achieved the desired result; the other two patients required a third resection. One patient continued to have DLI action with smiling and subsequently had a Botox injection into the DLI with good results.Of the 36 survey respondents, 21 patients felt their lower lip was asymmetrical at rest prior to DLI resection and 18 of these patients were improved by the procedure (P=0.0001). Twenty-nine of the 36 patients reported that their lower lip was more symmetrical when they smiled following the DLI resection (P<0.0001). The bilateral lack of movement in the lower lip when expressing emotions, such as anger and sorrow, was not as important to the patient as the lack of symmetry when expressing these emotions. Patients' speech either improved or showed no change, the amount patients bit their lower lip significantly improved (P=007), whereas oral continence showed no significant changes (P=0.147) following the DLI resection. DLI resection is a simple and effective procedure for the treatment of MMN palsy. The results are permanent and predictable. Lower lip symmetry is produced both at rest and with facial animation, without causing a functional deficit. The expected results of surgery can be trialed by local anaesthetic or botulinum toxin to block the activity of the DLI. © 2004 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Facial nerve schwannomas: Different manifestations and outcomes; Background The purpose of this study was to provide data on the different clinical presentations of facial nerve schwannoma, the appropriate planning for the management of schwannoma of various origins, and the predictive outcomes of surgical management. Methods A retrospective study was conducted in a tertiary referral hospital. We reviewed 8 consecutive cases of facial nerve schwannoma diagnosed and managed between 1993 and 2001. Results Facial nerve schwannomas originated in the internal auditory canal (IAC) (2 cases), parotid gland (2 cases), intratemporal portion (3 cases), and stylomastoid foramen (1 case). Tumor of the stylomastoid foramen presented as an intra- and extratemporal mass. The initial presenting symptom of the 8 patients was facial nerve paralysis in 4 patients, hearing loss in 2, facial numbness in 1, and an infra-auricular mass in 1. Facial palsy occurred in 7 patients during the course of the disease. One patient with a mass in the parotid gland did not show facial palsy up to 1 year after presentation of the initial symptom (facial numbness). Facial nerve paralysis was most severe in intratemporal tumors and less severe in parotid tumors. The patients with IAC suffered from hearing loss and intermittent vertigo and showed decreased vestibular function. The patients with intratemporal tumors also complained of hearing loss. The tumors were completely removed by superficial parotidectomy for parotid tumors; the translabyrinthine approach for 1 IAC tumor and 1 intratemporal tumor; the middle fossa approach for the other IAC tumor; the transmastoid approach for mastoid tumors; and the infratemporal fossa approach for intratemporal and extratemporal tumors. End-to-end cable grafts for the facial nerve were performed in 5 out of 8 cases. In 2 cases, the facial nerve was preserved after the resection of the mass. One case showed complete loss of the peripheral branch of the facial nerve. Conclusions Facial nerve schwannoma can present in various ways. By examining the site of origin and the presenting symptoms and signs, we were able to diagnose facial nerve schwannoma preoperatively. According to the operative management of the facial nerve, the postoperative outcome of facial function could be estimated. Our finding could be pivotal in the management of the facial nerve schwannoma. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Salivary duct carcinoma with neuroendocrine features: Report of a case with cytological and immunohistochemical study; We report a salivary duct carcinoma (SDC) of parotid gland in a 75-year-old male. Initially, it was studied by fine-needle aspiration, which disclosed features of malignancy consistent with a high-grade carcinoma. Histologically, the tumor showed typical features of SDC, predominantly with a solid and apocrine pattern. The aggressive behavior of this tumor was documented by facial palsy and the presence of 12 regional lymph node metastases, Immunohistochemical study showed positivity for cytokeratins (AE1/AE3), cytokeratin 7, GCDFP-15, C-erbB-2, Mib-1, topoisomerase 11 α, p53, and androgen receptors. Diffuse positivity with chromogranin-A, synaptophysin, and Grimelius stains was also observed, suggesting endocrine features. Phosphotungstic acid hematoxylin, antimitochondrial antigen, progesterone and estrogen receptors, cytokeratin 20, and S-1OO stains were negative. To our knowledge, this is the first case reported of SDC exhibiting neuroendocrine differentiation. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Secondary end-to-end repair of extensive facial nerve defects: Surgical technique and postoperative functional results; Background. Repair of the transected facial nerve is imperative for restoration of muscle function, including the ability to produce appropriate facial expressions. Injury might involve the main trunk and its several branches. Restoration of function presupposes meticulous repair of all injured nerve branches. Methods. Here we report three cases of secondary tension-free end-to-end coaptation of a transected trunk and branches of the facial nerve by removal of the superficial part of the parotid gland. Results. Facial tone and symmetry at rest and motion were achieved. In two patients, a slight residual synkinesis is observed under stress. Conclusions. Direct end-to-end coaptation of the facial nerve and its branches by the technique described should be considered before deciding on grafts or rerouting procedures to deal with gaps of up to 15 mm. This technique is not recommended in the presence of infection and nerve defects. Intensive postoperative physiotherapy is required for optimal results. © 2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Orofacial granulomatosis presenting as persistent lip swelling: Review of 6 new cases; Purpose Orofacial granulomatosis (OFG) is an uncommon disease, which presents usually as a persistent swelling of the soft tissues in the orofacial region and is characterized histologically by a granulomatous inflammation. The term orofacial granulomatosis is used in the literature to describe a nonspecific granulomatous inflammation. A subset, cheilitis granulomatosa (CG), which presents clinically as persistent lip swelling, is a granulomatous inflammation of unknown origin of the lips. CG may also be part of the triad of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) and some consider it as an oligosymptomatic form of MRS. Patients and Methods In a retrospective study, we reviewed the clinical records of all patients between the years 1990 and 2002 with the histologic diagnosis of granulomatous inflammation of the lip from the Department of Pathology at the Montreal General Hospital. The age at biopsy, sex, site of lesion, other signs of MRS, signs and symptoms of systemic granulomatous disease, and the treatment were compiled. Results Six subjects were included in the study, 5 females and 1 male. Four had swelling of the lower lip and 2 of the upper lip. In one patient a history of facial nerve palsy was reported and in another one a mild fissured tongue was present. No signs or symptoms of systemic granulomatous disease were noted. The treatment consisted of intralesional steroids with good results in 5 out of 6 patients. Conclusion A thorough work-up to eliminate other etiologies of granulomatous disease is essential when a patient presents with granulomatous inflammation of the lip. CG seems to respond well to steroid treatment and the need for surgery is minimal and should be reserved for recalcitrant cases. © 2004 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
The adjustable vector deep plane midface lift; Midface lifting is a valuable rejuvenative option for many patients and can provide a more youthful and balanced face. This procedure is well suited for the oral and maxillofacial surgeon because of familiarity with the intraoral and temporal surgical approaches, and it does not require any specialized equipment. This procedure has minimal postoperative recovery and a low complication rate. The results of this procedure have remained stable in the author's cohort of patients approaching 2 years. Contraindications include atrophic or minimal malar fat, in which case there is nothing to elevate. The midface lift can be adjusted for optimal positioning of the malar augmentation by controlling suture placement, and it can be performed as an isolated procedure or as part of multiple facial procedures. The astute surgeon considers midface rejuvenation in all cosmetic cases. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The genetics of strabismus; Strabismus (misalignment of the eyes; also known as "squint") comprises a common heterogeneous group of disorders characterised by a constant or intermittent ocular deviation often associated with amblyopia (uniocular failure of normal visual development) and reduced or absent binocular vision. The associated poor cosmetic appearance may also interfere with social and psychological development. Extensive twin and family studies suggest a significant genetic component to the aetiology of strabismus. The complexity of the molecular basis or strabismus is now beginning to be elucidated with the identification of genetic loci and disease causing genes. Currently greater insights have been gained into the incomitant subtype (differing magnitude of ocular misalignment according to direction of gaze), whereas less is known about the pathogenesis of the more common childhood concomitant strabismus. It is hoped that a greater understanding of the molecular genetics of these disorders will lead to improved knowledge of disease mechanisms and ultimately to more effective treatment. The aim of this paper is to review current knowledge of the molecular genetics of both incomitant and concomitant strabismus.
Surgical complications and their management in a series of 300 consecutive pediatric cochlear implantations; Objective: To report the short- and long-term complications encountered in a large number of consecutive children undergoing implantation in a single center. The current study also describes the management and sequelae of each complication. Study Design: Prospective study assessing the surgical findings and complications of deaf children undergoing implantation. Setting: Pediatric tertiary referral center for cochlear implantation. Patients: The present study includes 300 consecutive children undergoing implantation, with a mean age at implantation of 5.1 years, ranging from 1.3 to 16.9 years. Of these children, 196 (65%) had congenital deafness of unknown cause. The commonest known cause was meningitis (73 of 300 [24%]) followed by congenital cytomegalovirus infection (17 of 300 [6%]). Children have been followed up regularly after implantation, typically at yearly intervals after the first year. The mean duration of follow-up at the time of the study was 4 years (range, 0.1-14 yr). Results: There were no major perioperative (within 1 d after surgery) or major early postoperative (within 1 wk after surgery) complications. In the same periods, there were 19 and 15 minor complications, respectively. These complications (e.g., eardrum perforation, hematoma, flap swelling, wound infection, temporary facial weakness) settled with conservative treatment or minor intervention. With regard to the late surgical complications (>1 wk after surgery), there were 7 major (e.g., severe flap infection requiring explantation, cholesteatoma, persistent eardrum perforation) and 14 minor complications (e.g., mild flap infection, flap swelling, hematoma). A number of complications were encountered even 14 years after the original operation, and some of them needed repeated interventions, highlighting the importance of long-term follow-up. However, most of the complications occurred very close to the surgical procedure (<1 yr). Conclusion: An overall rate of 2.3% for major surgical complications and an overall rate of 16% for minor surgical complications suggest that cochlear implantation is a relatively safe surgical operation in experienced centers. Most surgical complications are minor and can be managed with conservative treatment or minor surgical intervention. However, meticulous attention to surgical detail, especially handling soft tissues and leaving the posterior canal wall intact, and long-term follow-up are of paramount importance in minimizing the incidence of surgical complications.
Extended middle fossa approach to the petroclival junction and anterior cerebellopontine angle; Objectives: This article seeks to demonstrate the use of the extended middle cranial fossa approach in the treatment of tumors arising in the anterior cerebellopontine angle and petroclival region. Study Design: We conducted a retrospective chart review. Setting: Tertiary referral center. Patients: Ten-year retrospective chart review of over 800 skull base surgical cases demonstrated 16 cases in which the senior author used the extended middle cranial fossa as the sole approach to access the posterior cranial fossa, petroclival junction, or the anterior cerebellopontine angle. There were five males and 11 females, 13 meningiomas, 2 trigeminal schwannomas, and 1 brainstem glioma. Presenting symptoms were dependent on extent of brainstem compression and involvement of surrounding cranial nerves. The symptoms are broken down as follows: hydrocephalus, one; balance disturbance, three; diplopia, five; trigeminal neuralgia, two; hemifacial numbness, one; seizures, one; expressive aphasia, one; and hearing loss, two. Results: Of the 16 patients in this study, one patient needed postoperative care in a skilled nursing facility. Postoperative facial nerve weakness was not experienced in any patient. One patient developed a transient cerebrospinal fluid leak that resolved spontaneously. One patient developed a pseudomeningocele secondary to postoperative hydrocephalus. This was corrected with wound exploration and placement of a ventricular peritoneal shunt. Hearing was not maintained in one patient. Two patients developed new fourth nerve paresis and two patients developed new sixth nerve palsies. There were no post-operative infections and no deaths. Conclusions: The extended middle cranial fossa approach provides excellent access and exposure to tumors in the anterior cerebellopontine angle and petroclival junction. The approach allows more direct access to the area anterior to the internal auditory canal. The key to the approach is adequate bone removal of the petrous apex to provide exposure down to the inferior petrosal sinus and anteriorly to Meckel's cave and the petroclival junction. Extradural elevation of the temporal lobe with suitable brain relaxation minimizes postoperative complications.
Endolymphatic sac tumor in a 4-year-old boy; Introduction: Endolymphatic sac tumors (ELST) are rare, low-grade, locally aggressive papillary neoplasms. We present a case of a 4-year-old boy with an ELST, the youngest described in the literature, Case: A boy presented with a right-sided serous otitis media and sudden-onset right facial nerve palsy. An audiogram revealed right-sided profound sensorineural hearing loss. Radiographic imaging demonstrated a 3-cm expansile lytic lesion along the posterior face of the petrous bone. Intervention/Results: The patient initially underwent a right transmastoid-infralabyrinthine biopsy. Pathologic examination revealed a papillary lesion suspicious for an ELST. Subsequently, a transtemporal- transcochlear approach with intra- and extradural resection of the tumor was performed. The facial nerve was dissected and transposed anteriorly and preserved. Histopathologic and immunohistochemical studies confirmed the ELST. At his 6-month follow up, there is no evidence of recurrence and the facial nerve function has returned to Grade II palsy. Conclusion: ELST are rare tumors of the temporal bone. This is the youngest case of ELST reported. Presentation, evaluation, and management of ELST is discussed.
Delayed facial paralysis after vestibular schwannoma surgery: Role of herpes viruses reactivation - Our experience in eight cases; Objectives: The objectives of this study were to study the role of herpes virus reactivation in the onset of delayed facial paralysis (DFP) occurring more than 72 hours after vestibular schwannoma (VS) surgery and to advocate specific medical management. Study Design: We conducted a retrospective case review. Setting: University-based, tertiary care center. Patients: Eight patients managed for DFP in a series of 348 patients operated for a VS. Interventions: Patients were evaluated and graded according to the House and Brackmann grading system and followed up for 1 year. A serologic search for specific antiherpes simplex viruses type 1 and 2 (HSV-2) and varicella zoster virus (VZV) antibodies at the onset of DFP and 2 weeks later was possible in three cases. Seven of the eight patients were given intravenous acyclovir (30 mg/kg-1/d-1 for 5 days) and methylprednisolone (2 mg.kg-1/d-1 for 7 days). Results: Mean delay of DFP onset was 8.75 days. All treated patients had a House and Brackmann Grade 1 recovery: mean time to recovery was 40.4 days. The last one had only a Grade 3 recovery because he could not be treated because of postoperative transient psychiatric problems. Serologic testing in those patients in whom it could be done revealed either a high level of anti HSV or VZV antibodies at the time of onset or a dramatic increase in anti-HSV or anti-VZV antibodies between the two samples, strongly suggesting an HSV or VZV reactivation. Conclusion: HSV or VZV reactivation might be responsible for most cases of DFPs, thus suggesting the usefulness of immediate steroid and acyclovir administration to obtain total recovery. The viral reactivation mechanism is comparable to that already suspected in DFP occurring with the same delay in middle ear surgical procedures.
Varicella-zoster virus DNA level and facial paralysis in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; We have investigated whether the copy number of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) in saliva correlates with the clinical symptoms in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. A real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction assay was used to examine the VZV DNA copy number in saliva samples from 37 patients. We detected VZV DNA in 6 of the 7 patients with oropharyngeal zoster lesions (86%) and in 17 of the 30 patients who had zoster lesions only on the skin (57%). Patients with oropharyngeal zoster lesions had a high VZV load in their saliva, and the difference between the copy number in patients with oropharyngeal zoster lesions and those without was around 10,000 copies per 50 μL. In addition, patients with oropharyngeal zoster lesions showed worse recovery of facial function than those without. It seems that the VZV DNA level in saliva reflects the kinetics of viral reactivation in the facial nerve, as well as in the oropharyngeal epithelium, in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
Total facial paralysis after vestibular schwannoma surgery: Probability of regaining normal function; The aim of the present study was to ascertain the precise fraction of vestibular schwannoma cases that recover to normal function after postoperative total facial nerve paralysis and to compare our results with those presented in the literature. This was a retrospective case review of 631 cases. Among the 132 cases with immediate postoperative facial nerve palsy (House Brackmann [HB] grade VI), only 2 (1.5%) recovered to normal function (HB grade I). In an attempt to compare our results with those of other series in the literature, we found a large variation in the incidence of recovery of this group of patients to grade I, ranging from 0% to 50%. Our analysis of the reported data revealed widely varying methods of data collection and presentation, making a scientifically valid comparison particularly difficult. According to our data, complete (HB grade I) or near-complete (HB grade II) facial nerve function recovery from an immediate postoperative grade VI palsy is extremely rare.
Development and clinical usage of a motion analysis system for the face: Preliminary report; Objective: To evaluate the motion of the face and jaw of patients with cleft lip and palate, facial palsy, and in patients after reconstruction, a motion-analyzing system was developed. The aim of this article was to investigate the accuracy of this system and the possibility of clinical application. Methods: Markers of 1 to 2 mm were placed on the face, and motion images were obtained by three digital video cameras controlled by a synchronizer and recorded on digital video tape. The image was processed on a personal computer. The markers were automatically tracked across the image sequences, and their three-dimensional coordinates were then calculated. Main Outcome Measures: System accuracy was investigated using a positioning actuator with high accuracy and a known object. In three patients with bilateral cleft lip and palate, lip pursing was analyzed using the aforesaid method. Results and Conclusions: The mean differences from the known values to the distances between the tracked sample points and to the mobile distances of the sample points per frame were 0.24 to 0.36 mm and 0.02 to 0.05 mm, respectively. Both results were similar regardless of the mobile speed or direction. In five repeated measurements, the mean differences from the known values as for the distances and the mobile speed ranged from 0.19 to 0.38 mm and from 0.00 to 0.07 mm, respectively. Examination of three patients with bilateral cleft lip and palate indicated the possibility that lip movement could be successfully analyzed using the present system.
Have I had a stroke?; • Upper motor neuron facial nerve disorders, such as occurs in stroke, cause contralateral face weakness sparing the forehead whereas lower motor neuron lesions typically cause weakness involving the whole ipsilateral face. • Patients with diabetes are more likely to develop Bell's palsy than the general population. • Cranial mononeuropathies in people with diabetes usually involve the ocular nerves but may involve the facial nerve. • Normal function should return as the ischaemic facial nerve regenerates. Symptoms involving the eye should be treated (with medications and protective glasses or patches) to prevent permanent damage. Analgesics can be used to relieve pain.
Oral lichen planus: An unusual cause of facial and abducens nerve paralysis associated with conjunctival and oesophageal involvement; Lichen planus (LP) is a T-cell-mediated disorder that may involve the skin, nails and mucosal surfaces. Conjunctival, laryngeal and oesophageal involvement were reported to be extremely rare manifestations of the disease. In this report, we present an oral LP case who complained of severe burning pain on his tongue and oral mucosa caused by ulcerative lesions and associated with conjunctival, laryngeal and oesophageal involvement. In addition, neurological examination revealed facial and abducens nerve palsy. To the best of our knowledge, we are presenting the first case of erosive oral LP associated with facial and abducens nerve paralysis. Although this association may be coincidental, according to an immunological concept proposed to explain the pathogenesis of Bell's palsy, degranulation of mast cells activated by complement or specific allergens with the release of histamine and other substances were to be presented responsible from nerve oedema, ischaemia and paralysis. As mast cell mediators are likely to be involved in the immunopathogenesis of OLP, we think that the cause of facial and bilateral abducens nerve palsy could be explained by the same mechanism. This case is a good example of the need for team work in lichen planus patients undergoing interdisciplinary consultations. © 2004 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
A case of cranial polyneuropathy and meningitis with Ramsay Hunt syndrome; We report a case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome with involvement of the VI·X cranial nerves and meningitis. The patient was a 68-year-old woman with complaints of left hearing impairment, left facial palsy, dizziness, sore throat, hoarseness and double vision. Physical examination revealed left vocal cord paralysis. On examination of hearing and vestibular function, left sensorineural hearing total deafness and left canal palsy were found. OKP showed brain stem encephalitis. Cerebrospinal fluid examination revealed a remarkable increase in cell count, thus the patient was diagnosed with zoster virus meningitis. A steroid hormone and acyclovir were administered intravenously. Three months after the first examimation, disturbance of the VI and VII cranial nerves abated completely. The disturbance of the VIII and X cranial nerves, however, did not respond to the treatment at all. It is important to consider the possibility of brain stem encephalitis in cranial polyneuropathy. We consider that cranial polyneuropathy may result from brain stem encephalitis, and brain stem encephalitis may result from meningitis.
A case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome followed by cerebellar encephalitis; We report a case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome followed by cerebellar encephalitis. A 69-year-old man with concomitant presentation of right severe facial palsy, ipsilateral auricular vesicle and vertigo was referred to our hospital under a diagnosis of Ramsay Hunt syndrome. A high dose of steroid and a conventional dose of acyclovir were administered from the second day of the disease onset. He quickly recovered from the vertigo, but the facial palsy persisted. He also exhibited an ataxic gait several days after the primary treatment. An increase in cell count, protein and VZV Ig-G in the cerebrospinal fluid led to a diagnosis of VZV-associated cerebellitis, even though VZV DNA was negative on PCR. Twice the previous doses of steroid and acyclovir each was administered and thereafter his walking ability improved. Care for central nerve complication should be taken in cases with VZV reactivation.
Assessment of denervation in facial nerve function evaluation; Background: Nerve excitability test (NET) is used to assess the degree of denervation, whose role in relation to the pathological changes of the facial nerve in the functional recovery of the damaged facial nerve has not been fully understood. Objective: To study the impact of the degree of the facial nerve denervation on the functional recovery of the facial nerve. Design: Clinical cross-sectional study and non-randomized uncontrolled experiment with animal models. Setting and participants: Thirty volunteers with no history of facial paralysis (FP) from the Department of Otorhinolaryngology, the First Affiliated Hospital of China Medical University, were enrolled in the clinical study, including 17 male and 13 female normal subjects aged from 15 to 60 years old. Also included 190 FP patients from the same department with no history of FP, no use of hormone or physical therapy, consisting of 108 male and 82 female patients aged from 15 to 67 years old. The animal experiment was conducted using 40 guinea pigs of either sex (with body mass between 550-900 g) provided by the Department of Experimental Animals of China Medical University. Interventions: The difference in the threshold of bilateral facial nerve excitability was examined in the normal subjects using the apparatus for NET. The degree of facial nerve denervation of FP patients was also measured. In guinea pig model of intratemporal FP, the reaction thresholds of the facial nerve action potential before and after compression of the nerve were tested by using evoked electromyography and the time for functional recovery of the facial muscle was recorded by means of blink reflex. Transmission electron microscopy was employed for observing the pathological changes of the facial nerve of the guinea pigs. Main outcome measures: In the clinical study, the excitability threshold of the facial nerve and the days for clinical cure in patients with facial nerve denervation were recorded. In the animal experiment, the stimulating reaction threshold, pathological changes of the nerve fiber and restoration period of the blink reflex were assessed. Results: The FP patients without denervation took (33.1 ± 21.3) days to achieve clinical cure, while in FP patients with grade I, II and III denervation, the time for clinical cure was prolonged to (63.3 ± 12.4), (90.1 ± 11.7), and (210.2 ± 37.5) days, showing significant differences (t = 2.676 - 3.973, P < 0.01). In guinea pigs with facial nerve compression for 5 s, recovery of the nerve excitability conduction and blink reflex took (60.7 ± 45.3) hours, while in those with compression for 15 s, (982.6 ± 36.6) hours was used for the recovery of the nerve excitability conduction and (46 ± 12) days for blink reflex recovery. Blink reflex could not be restored in the guinea pigs with compression for 30 s. Mild loosening of the myelin sheath was observed in the 5 s group and severe loosening in 15 s group, whereas in 30 s group, destructions of the myelin sheath and axon were observed. Conclusion: The denervation degree is an index for assessment of recovery from FP, and the time used for the recovery is related to the degree of myelin sheath and axon damages.
Fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy for bilateral vestibular schwannomas associated with neurofibromatosis type 2: Early experiences in Ramathibodi Hospital; Purpose: To evaluate the rates of tumor control and useful hearing preservation in patients with bilateral vestibular schwannomas (VSs) associated with neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF-2) treated with fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy (FSRT). Material and Method: From August 1998-December 2002 there were 5 patients with NF-2 who underwent FSRT (Linac-based system) for bilateral CP angle tumors. Median age was 28 (18-47) years. Median tumor volume was 5.4 (2.2-9.4) cc. Eight lesions received a marginal dose of 44.2-59.9 (median = 46.2) Gy in 25-33 fractions. The other 2 lesions received 4.4 and 4.9 Gy/fraction for 6 fractions in 3 and 2 weeks. Median follow-up was 19 (14-44) months. Results: Radiographic and clinical tumor control rate was 90%. One lesion progressed at 7 months after FSRT and was completely resected. Of the 5 lesions with Gardner-Roberts on class I-II hearing before FSRT, 2 (40%) retained useful hearing at the last follow-up. One patient had left facial spasm at 10 months after FSRT which gradually improved. No patient had facial palsy, facial numbness or pain. Conclusions: FSRT provided good tumor control and hearing preservation rate in NF-2 patients with minimal morbidity. However, a longer follow-up is needed to evaluate long term results.
Treatment and follow-up of persistent granulomatous cheilitis with intralesional steroid and metronidazole; Granulomatous cheilitis (GC) is a chronic edema which frequently affects the upper lip due to granulomatous inflammation. Its etiology is currently unknown. This rare disease is generally accompanied by Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS), characterized by scrotal tongue, orofacial edema and facial paralysis. However, it is also known to develop only with orofacial edema. Granulomatous cheilitis is a difficult disease to treat because of recurrences. There are contradictory reports about the results of treatment without surgical intervention and the rates of recurrence. Our case was a 57-year-old female patient who was characterized by orofacial edema only. The edema and erythema had persisted for 1 year before admission. In the present case, application of intralesional corticosteroid treatment as a total of three injections over 3 consecutive months (one injection per month) and the accompanying metronidazole treatment brought about successful results. No recurrence was observed in the follow-up.
Acupuncture treatment in facial palsy - Clinical observations; Acupuncture points are believed to stimulate the release of chemicals from the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord) into the muscles, spinal cord and brain. The aim of the study was to present acupuncture treatment in peripheral facial paresis. A total of 176 patients with peripheral facial palsy were divided into two groups: 128 patients treated with acupuncture and 48 patients treated with conservative therapy. The choice of acupuncture points, their number and power of electromagnetic stimuli depended on clinical features exhibited by the patients. Study results indicated acupuncture therapy to be associated with a shorter duration of treatment and higher percentage of full recovery as compared with medicamentous plus physical therapy.
"Moebius syndrome": a case report.; Moebius syndrome is an extremely rare disorder characterized by a lifetime facial paralysis, involving sixth and seventh cranial nerves with malformations of orofacial structures and the limbs. In this case, an 8 year old girl with Moebius syndrome is presented, clinical findings are described and management aspects are discussed. Early dental evaluation and parental counselling as a part of preventive dental regimen can go a long way in providing complete psychosocial rehabilitation for such physically disabled children.
A case of medullomyoblastoma of cerebellopontine angle mimicking acoustic neuroma; Medulloblastoma is a common malignant central nervous system neoplasm found mainly in children. One the contrary, medulloblastoma of the cerebellopontine angle, the location of the tumor is very unusual. This is the the first case of the medullomyoblastoma, a rare form of medulloblastoma, occurring in the cerebellopontine angle. A 15-year-old boy experienced a sudden hearing loss in the left ear. Conservative medical treatment failed, and temporal MR imaging revealed a heterogeneously enhancing mass at the left cerebellopontine angle cistern and in the internal auditory canal; therefore, the lesion was regarded as a typical acoustic neuroma. Few days before surgery, an ipsilateral facial palsy developed, and a follow-up MR imaging showed a rapid growth of the previous lesion. The extended translabyrinthine approach permitted surgical removal. And under pathological diagnosis of malignancy, radiation therapy and series of chemotherapy was performed.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome associated with multiple cranial nerve involvement; We report a case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome associated with paralysis of the right V, VII, VIII, IX, X, XI and XII cranial nerves. The patient was a 26-year-old male who complained of sore throat and right otalgia. Spinal tap findings and serum VZV-antibody titers suggested that cranial polyneuropathy would be caused by the reactivation of varicella zoster virus. After intravenous injection of acyclovir and methyl-prednisolone sodium succinate, cranial polyneuropathy were restored. Ramsay Hunt syndrome associated with multiple cranial neuropathy was not frequently reported. Early recognition of Ramsay Hunt syndrome enables the early administration of antiviral argents for improvement of the patient's prognosis.
Clinical analysis of major salivary gland tumors; A clinical study was performed on 139 patients with major salivary gland tumors initially treated in our hospital from 1991 to 2000. Benign tumors were observed in 117 patients (male: 54; female: 63) and malignant tumors in 22 patients (male: 12; female: 10). The five-year survival rate was 43.4% in the whole malignant tumor group, 80.0% in the stage I, II group and 12.7% in the stage IV group. The factors influencing prognosis were stage IV status, local pain, and facial palsy. Our findings suggested that postoperative radiation and/or chemotherapy are useful.
Therapeutic applications of the insulin-like growth factors; The potential therapeutic applications of the insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are broad. This review focuses on treatment of humans with recombinant human IGF-I (rhIGF-I), and with a rhIGF-I/IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) complex. Several groups of patients have been treated effectively, including individuals with growth hormone insensitivity syndrome (GHIS) secondary to GH receptor deficiency, to IGF-I gene deletion, or to defects in GH signal transduction pathways, patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus, or individuals with severe insulin resistance syndromes. In each of these conditions rhIGF-I therapy has been demonstrated to be of clear clinical benefit. Other conditions, which may potential targets for therapy with rhIGF-I or rhIGF-I/IGFBP-3, include chronic inflammatory or nutritional disorders such as Crohn's disease, juvenile chronic arthritis, or cystic fibrosis. Therapy with IGFs has not been attempted in these disorders yet, in part because of lack of adequate supplies. Recently, the newly developed rhIGF-I/IGFBP-3 complex has been used in early clinical studies. Pharmacokinetic analyses in patients with diabetes mellitus and GHIS have suggested that a more physiological profile of serum IGF-I results. Improved glycaemic control has been reported in type 1 and type 2 diabetes in adults. A therapeutic trial in naïve children with GHIS is currently under way. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Importance of facial expression in facial nerve rehabilitation; Purpose of review: This review discusses contemporary evidence for the importance of facial expression to human beings. Strategies for management of patients with facial nerve dysfunction are discussed. Recent findings: The purpose of facial expression from a cognitive neuroscience perspective has become clearer, including its role in emotional communication and identification. Facial retraining may have a role in rehabilitation. Summary: Greater awareness of the biologic basis for facial expression may lead us to pay increased attention to evaluation and treatment of this component of facial nerve dysfunction. The timing of intervention remains important, and many effective techniques exist.
Eyelid reconstruction: The state of the art; Purpose of review: The goals of eyelid reconstruction are corneal protection, restoration of the integrity of the lid lamellae, and improvement of facial symmetry. Inadequate reconstruction may lead to corneal exposure and sight-threatening keratopathy; in the younger patient, visual deprivation and amblyopia may also follow. The purpose of this review is to describe new materials and approaches used in reconstructing the damaged eyelid. Recent findings: Although the surgical principles of lid reconstruction remain unchallenged, new materials and techniques have emerged. These include the use of both autogenous and cadaveric acellular dermis in the management of lower eyelid retraction, and amniotic membrane transplantation in the management of tarsal conjunctival disease. Recent work on upper facial nerve branch reinnervation in the animal model may also offer hope for eyelid reanimation after facial palsy. Summary: The lid surgeon requires a sound knowledge of the principles involved in reconstructing the respective lamellae of the lid. Anterior lamellar reconstruction carries a significant risk of ectropion, and large defects may require several interposition flaps for optimum skin texture and color reconstruction. New materials (autogenous and cadaveric) for posterior lid reconstruction may reduce donor site morbidity and surgical time, but they may contract significantly after surgery. Recent experience with amniotic membrane transplantation may improve the prognosis for patients with entropion and symblepharon caused by conjunctival cicatricial changes.
Endoscope-assisted microsurgical resection of epidermoid tumors of the cerebellopontine angle; Object. Epidermoid tumors located in the cerebellopontine angle (CPA) are challenging lesions because they grow along the subarachnoid spaces around delicate neurovascular structures and often extend into the middle cranial fossa. The purpose of this study was to determine the value of endoscopic assistance in the microsurgical resection of these lesions, in which total removal is the therapy of choice. Methods. Eight patients harboring an epidermoid tumor of the CPA were treated using an endoscope-assisted microsurgical technique. A retrosigmoid suboccipital approach was used in five patients and a pterional transsylvian approach was chosen in the other three. In four patients the lesion was resected microsurgically and the endoscope was used repeatedly to verify complete tumor removal, whereas most of the tumor mass was removed with the aid of an operating microscope in the other four. Tumor parts extending into other cranial compartments that were not visible through the microscope were removed under endoscopic view by using rigid rod-lens scopes with 30 and 70° angles of view. All epidermoids were completely evacuated and the membranes were widely resected. Large tumors occupying both the middle and posterior cranial fossa were removed through a single small opening without enlarging the craniotomy. Permanent hearing loss and permanent hypacusis were observed in one patient each. One patient with facial and one with abducent nerve palsy recovered within 6 and 4 months, respectively. A transient weakness of the chewing muscles was encountered in one patient, Postoperative magnetic resonance imaging revealed no residual tumor in any patient. To date no recurrences have been observed (follow up range 12-98 months). Conclusions, The endoscope-assisted microsurgical technique enables safe removal even when tumor parts are not visible in a straight line. Tumor extensions into adjacent cranial compartments can be removed with the same approach without retracting neurovascular structures or enlarging the craniotomy.
Antigen delivery systems; Many vaccine candidates are highly purified, sometimes monomeric antigens and as a result, not very immunogenic. Antigen delivery systems optimize the presentation of antigens. They also play a major role in solving the problem of there being an increasing number of vaccines but limited opportunities in which to include these vaccines in immunization programs. The number of injections is restricted and combining vaccines may lead to immunological and physicochemical incompatibility. In this review, the current status with respect to parenteral and mucosal delivery systems is discussed. These include lipid-based systems such as liposomes and immunostimulating complexes, as well as polymeric microspheres. In addition, developments in needle-free, dermal delivery devices such as jet injectors, microneedles and patches are presented.
B cell depletion as a novel treatment for systemic lupus erythematosus: A phase I/II dose-escalation trial of rituximab; Objective. Safer and more effective therapies are needed for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). B lymphocytes have been shown to play fundamental pathogenic roles in SLE, and therefore, elimination of B cells with the use of rituximab may represent a new therapy for SLE. Methods. A phase I/II dose-escalation trial of rituximab added to ongoing therapy in SLE was conducted. Rituximab was administered as a single infusion of 100 mg/m 2 (low dose), a single infusion of 375 mg/m2 (intermediate dose), or as 4 infusions (1 week apart) of 375 mg/m2 (high dose). CD19+ lymphocytes were measured to determine the effectiveness of B cell depletion. The Systemic Lupus Activity Measure (SLAM) score was used as the primary outcome for clinical efficacy. Results. Rituximab was well tolerated in this patient population, with most experiencing no significant adverse effects. Only 3 serious adverse events, which were thought to be unrelated to rituximab administration, were noted. A majority of patients (11 of 17) had profound B cell depletion (to <5 CD19+ B cells/μl). In these patients, the SLAM score was significantly improved at 2 and 3 months compared with baseline (P = 0.0016 and P = 0.0022, respectively, by paired t-test). This improvement persisted for 12 months, despite the absence of a significant change in anti-double-stranded DNA antibody and complement levels. Six patients developed human antichimeric antibodies (HA-CAs) at a level ≥100 ng/ml. These HACA titers were associated with African American ancestry, higher baseline SLAM scores, reduced B cell depletion, and lower levels of rituximab at 2 months after initial infusion. Conclusion. Rituximab therapy appears to be safe for the treatment of SLE and holds significant therapeutic promise, at least for the majority of patients experiencing profound B cell depletion. Based on these results, controlled trials of rituximab appear to be warranted.
Facial nerve paralysis secondary to acute otitis media in infants and children; Nowadays, facial paralysis is an uncommon complication of acute inflammation of the middle ear, with an estimated incidence of 0.005%; it was not so rare in the pre-antibiotic era, occurring in 0.5-0.7% of middle ear inflammatory processes. We would like to highlight this complication of acute otitis media, a common paediatric complaint. We present three new cases of facial palsy in children with acute otitis media and discuss the etiological mechanisms and different approaches to the treatment; a flow chart for facial paralysis in acute otitis media is also presented. Our three patients recovered completely after mastoidectomy (first two cases) and myringotomy with antibiotic therapy (third case). Facial paralysis is an uncommon complication of otitis media which requires appropriate care. Following our experience and revision of literature on the subject, antibiotic therapy and myringotomy are the first-line procedures. Surgery should be employed in case of acute or coalescent mastoiditis, suppurative complications and lack of clinical regression.
Moebius syndrome, narcolepsy and parasomnias: Report on two patients; The Moebius syndrome is a rare neurological disorder frequently associated with sleep disorders. Two patients with Moebius syndrome in combination with symptoms of narcolepsy and parasomnias are presented. The clinical diagnosis of the comorbid disorders was confirmed by neither polysomnography nor multiple sleep latency test because the wake EEG was altered, and eye movements could hardly be identified due to the paralysis of the eye muscle. Hypocretin was not assessed because lumbar puncture was not performed. Despite these methodological limitations and some deviations from the definitions of sleep disorders, clinical findings in both patients support previous findings of an association between Moebius syndrome and sleep disorders. For an optimal treatment of patients with Moebius syndrome, it is necessary to elucidate carefully the full spectrum of sleep disorders, especially narcolepsy and parasomnias.
Off-label use in dermatological practice. The conflict between professional duty and legal requirements; When making therapeutic decisions, doctors often find themselves faced with a dilemma regarding ethical, professional, legal liability, social and service aspects of their duties. These conflicts may be enhanced when medications have to be prescribed for non-approved usages, known as off-label prescribing, because existing therapy options have been exhausted. This option become considerably more difficult since the German Federal Social Court decision of March 2002 which limited off-label use to a number of very strictly defined circumstances. In order to clarify the basis for taking decisions in a given situation, an oncology expert commission has been formed under the coordination of the Department of Health and Social Security. However, this is no solution for the great variety of uncommon dermatological diseases which often require off-label medication usage.
Upper eyelid oedema in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an uncommon disorder of uncertain aetiology characterized by orofacial oedema, facial nerve palsy and lingua plicata. The triad is seldom seen in its complete form, and oligo-symptomatic or mono-symptomatic forms are more common. An unusual case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome involving the left upper eyelid is presented. The pathology, clinical features and management of this disorder are discussed.
A potential signal of Bell's palsy after parenteral inactivated influenza vaccines: Reports to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) - United States, 1991 - 2001; Purpose. Post-licensure experience with a new intranasal inactivated influenza vaccine in Switzerland recently identified an increased risk for Bell's palsy. We reviewed reports in the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) to assess if parenteral inactivated influenza vaccines (influenza vaccines) may also increase the risk for Bell's palsy. Methods. Reports of Bell's palsy after influenza vaccines in VAERS from 1/1/1991 to 12/31/2001 were identified by searching the Coding Symbols for Thesaurus of Adverse Reaction Terms (COSTART) for 'paralysis facial' and by text string search in the automated database. The text descriptions on each report were reviewed to verify the diagnosis. The proportional reporting ratio (PRR) was calculated to aid signal detection. Results. We found a total of 197 reports of Bell's palsy after receipt of influenza vaccines. The diagnosis was verified for 154 (78.2%), of which 145 (94.2%) had received influenza vaccines alone. The verified reports were submitted from 35 states; 58% of the reports involved persons living in states where the risk of Lyme disease, which can also cause facial paralysis, was low, minimal or none. The PRRs in all age groups exceeded the criteria for a signal of possible association. The highest PRR was 3.91 in the ≥65 years age group. Conclusions. Our findings revealed a signal of possible association between influenza vaccines and an increased risk of Bell's palsy. A population-based controlled study is needed to determine whether this association could be causal and to quantify the risk.
Facial paralysis; The pathophysiology of idiopathic facial nerve palsy is uncertain. The condition often occurs two to three weeks following a viral illness. Active viral invasion of the nerve or immune demyelination may be responsible for the underlying neuropathy. A small number of cases are caused by a variety of underlying pathologies some of which may have significant morbidity and mortality associated with them. Facial paralysis in the newborn is uncommon, occurring in % 0.23-1.8 of live births. In patients with congenital facial paralysis, it is important to determine the etiology of the paralysis because prognosis and treatment differ for traumatic and developmental causes.
A variant of Guillain-Barré syndrome with prominent bilateral peripheral facial nerve palsy: Facial diplegia and paresthesias; A patient with Facial diplegia and paresthesias, a rare regional variant of Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), is described. A 37-year-old woman developed paresthesias in the distal limbs and subsequently bifacial weakness. She had had a preceding episode of laryngitis. Neurological examination showed severe facial diplegia with loss of taste sensation on the tip of the tongue. Limb muscle power was preserved. Deep tendon reflexes were generally absent. She complained of paresthesias in the distal limbs, but sensory examination was normal. Cerebrospinal fluid showed albuminocytological dissociation. Electrophysiological studies revealed severe facial nerve involvements and demyelinative findings in her limbs. Intravenous immunoglobulin rapidly improved the abnormal sensation in her limbs. Although facial diplegia gradually lessened after the therapy, mild residual weakness was noted 6 months after the neurological onset. To diagnose facial diplegia and paresthesias, it is important to clarify the findings common to typical GBS such as the antecedent illness, acute and monophasic course, distal paresthesias, areflexia, cerebrospinal fluid albuminocytological dissociation, and demyelinative conduction abnormalities in the limbs.
Long-term outcome of modified radical mastoidectomy; The primary aim of treatment of cholesteatoma is to attain a dry, safe, stable ear, free of disease. Maintaining or improving hearing is important but the pursuit of a hearing result should not compromise this primary aim. This study reviews the long-term outcome of 133 patients, suffering from advanced disease, who underwent modified radical mastoidectomy between 1995 and 2000. Of these, 49 per cent had had previous mastoid surgery elsewhere. A dry, waterproof ear was attained in 95 per cent of patients. In 77 per cent of patients, hearing was unchanged or improved. In this period, there were two cases of significant post-operative loss in bone conduction, including one dead ear secondary to suppurative labyrinthitis. There were epithelial pearls on follow up in two per cent. These results indicate that when properly performed, modified radical mastoidectomy provides safe surgical access and clears disease with low recurrence rates while mostly maintaining or improving hearing.
Application of blink reflex and facial electroneurogram in patients with Bell paralysis; Aim: To explore the value of blink reflex(BR) and facial electroneurogam (ENoG) in evaluating the degree and location of facial nerve damage in patients with Bell palsy. Methods: BR and ENoG were conducted in 20 patients with Bell paralysis respectively 1 - 14 days after episode. Results: The ipsilateral R1, R2 and R2′ waves were absent in 5 cases, and in the remaining 15 cases, the latencies of R1, R2 and R2′ were prolonged in the ipsilateral side as compared with those in the uninjured side, and the abnormal rate was 100%. There were longer latent period and lower wave amplitude of facial nerve in the ipsilateral side, significantly different from those in the uninjured side(P < 0.01). The ratio of R1/M lateral indicated that there were 10 cases of proximal(inside of stylomastoid foramen) injury, 5 cases with distal(outside of stylomastoid foramen) injury and 5 cases with extensive injury. Conclusion: BR can be used as a sensitive index for early diagnosis of Bell paralysis. BR and ENoG can evaluate the degrees and location of facial nerve damage wholly and objectively in patients with Bell paralysis, and it is helpful for the clinical treatment and prognostic evaluation.
Safety and immunogenicity of heptavalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in Taiwanese infants; Background and Purpose: The prevalence of antibiotic-resistant pneumococci has increased markedly in Taiwan since the 1990s. The prevention of pneumococcal infection by effective vaccination is an urgent need. The purpose of this study was to assess the safety and immunogenicity of heptavalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, 23F) in Taiwanese infants. Methods: Sixty healthy Taiwanese infants received heptavalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine at 2, 4 and 6 months of age in an open-label, non-comparative trial. Routine diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis vaccines were concomitantly administered. Side effects were recorded and the antibody titer to each of the 7 pneumococcal serotypes was measured before vaccination and 1 month after the third vaccination. Results: Mild to moderate local reactions at the injection site were the common findings (17 to 30%) after vaccination but were not correlated with the number of vaccinations. Fever, restlessness, fussiness, and loss of appetite were the most common systemic reactions (22 to 53%). After 3 doses of vaccine, the geometric mean concentration of immunoglobulin G showed a significant rise (p < 0.001) to all 7 pneumococcal serotypes. More than 95% of infants had antibody titer ≥ 0.15 μg/mL of all serotypes, and 93% (serotype 23F) to 100% (serotypes 4 and 19F) of infants achieved an antibody titer ≥ 1 μg/mL. Conclusion: Inoculation with the heptavalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine including the prevalent serotypes in Taiwan is safe and effective in preventing pneumococcal disease in Taiwanese children.
Idiopathic recurrent facial palsy; We report a 34 year old female patient with six episodes of idiopathic right facial palsy, all of wich had total recovery. Idiopathic recurrent facial palsy is a rare entity, with a few cases in the literature. Recurrent facial palsy is usually in the setting of a family history and have both autosomal dominant and recessive inheritance or in the setting of hypertension and diabetes. A review of the literature does not report a previous case with six episodes.
Facial nerve palsy: A complication following anaesthesia in a child with Treacher Collins syndrome; We report a case of facial nerve palsy following anaesthesia in a child with Treacher Collins syndrome. Children in whom intubation is difficult may be at increased risk of this complication.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve side-to-end anastomosis: A case report; Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis is a procedure for restoring facial nerve function after facial palsy caused by surgery for removal of cerebellopontine angle tumors. Classical hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis, however, sacrifices the hypoglossal nerve, inevitably causing hemitongue atrophy. To preserve hypoglossal nerve function, we tried hypoglossal-facial nerve side-to-end anastomosis for a 67-year-old woman who suffered from complete facial nerve palsy due to the removal of an acoustic neuroma. In this technique, the facial nerve in the mastoid cavity is exposed to the level of the external genu and then transected. The hypoglossal nerve is also exposed at the level of the axis and dissected as proximally as possible. One-third of the hypoglossal nerve is transected and the distal stump of the facial nerve is anastomosed without tension. In the postoperative stage, this technique provided facial reanimation without hypoglossal nerve dysfunction within one year. In conclusion, hypoglossal-facial nerve side-to-end anastomosis is a useful treatment for patients with long-standing facial palsy who do not want to have tongue dysfunction.
A case of giant pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland; We report a case of giant pleomorphic adenoma of the left parotid gland. The patient was a 72-year-old female who had noticed the mass 20 years ago. At that time she visited a hospital and was recommended for surgical treatment. The tumor was not treated becouse of fear of the surgery. The tumor gradually enlarged. She suddenly noticed pain and visited our hospital. Initial examination revealed a giant tumor in the left parotid gland without facial palsy. The giant tumor was extirpated under general anesthesia. The tumor originated from the deep lobe of the parotid gland. Histopathologically, the tumor was diagnosed as pleomorphic adenoma without evidence of malignancy. The extirpated tumor was 14 cm in diameter and weighed 720 g. Postoperatively, palsy of the mandibular marginal branch of the facial nerve occurred. The palsy improved within 3 months. There has been no recurrence for 8 months.
Jugular foramen schwannomas: a review of 17 cases; OBJECTIVE: To analysis the clinical presentation, radiological findings, surgical techniques and outcomes of jugular foramen (JF) schwannomas. METHODS: We reviewed our 10-year experience in the surgical treatment of 17 patients suffered from JF schwannomas in Hua Shan Hospital, Shanghai. A total of 8 males and 9 females with a mean age of 42 years underwent surgical procedures. A relative long period of 53-month symptomatic history was shown before surgery. The main clinical presentation are vertigo and hearing difficulty in 10 cases, atrophy of unilateral muscles of tongue in 9 cases, involvement of lower cranial nerve in 8 cases. The classification of tumors was type A (at cerebellopontine angle with minimal enlargement of the JF) in five cases, type B (JF with intracranial extension) in 3 cases, type C (extracranial tumors with JF extension) in 2 cases and type D (dumbbell-shaped with both intra-and extracranial components) in 7 cases. RESULTS: Far lateral approaches were used in 10 cases, retrosigmoid suboccipital approaches were used in 5 cases. Submandibular approaches were selected in other 2 cases. Gross total removal was achieved in 12 cases, and subtotal removal in 5 cases. Follow-up revealed marked improvement from preoperative symptoms in 9 cases and no additional deficits in 3 cases. 5 cases suffered from additional neurological deficits. There were two cases of temporary hoarseness and gradually improved within follow-up. Two patients suffered from swallowing problems as a new deficit. One patient had facial palsy. CONCLUSIONS: JF schwannomas can be surgically treated with relative good outcomes. Surgical approaches should be tailored according to the tumor extension.
Acupuncture for Bell's palsy.; BACKGROUND: Bell's palsy or idiopathic facial palsy is an acute facial paralysis due to inflammation of the facial nerve. A number of studies published in China have suggested acupuncture is beneficial for facial palsy. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this review was to examine the efficacy of acupuncture in hastening recovery and reducing long-term morbidity from Bell's palsy. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Register, MEDLINE (January 1966 to December 2002), EMBASE (January 1980 to December 2002), LILACS (from January 1982 to December 2002) and the Chinese Biomedical Retrieval System (January 1978 to December 2002) for randomised controlled trials using 'Bell's palsy' and its synonyms, 'idiopathic facial paralysis' or 'facial palsy' as well as search terms including 'acupuncture'. Chinese journals in which we thought we might find randomised controlled trials or controlled clinical trials relevant to our study were handsearched. We reviewed the bibliographies of the randomised trials and contacted the authors and known experts in the field to identify additional published or unpublished data. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included all randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials involving acupuncture in the treatment of Bell's palsy irrespective of any language restrictions. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers identified potential articles from the literature search and extracted data independently using a data extraction form. The assessment of methodological quality included allocation concealment, patient blinding, differences at baseline of the experimental groups and completeness of follow-up. Two reviewers assessed quality independently. All disagreements were resolved by discussion between the reviewers. MAIN RESULTS: Three studies including a total of 238 patients met the inclusion criteria. Two of them used acupuncture while the third used acupuncture combined with drugs. No trials reported on the outcomes specified for this review.Three included studies showed that the therapeutic effect of acupuncture alone was superior to that of medication or that acupuncture combined with medication was better than medication alone. Harmful side-effects were not reported in any of the trials. Flaws in study design or reporting (particularly uncertain allocation concealment and substantial loss to follow-up) and clinical differences between trials prevented a meta-analysis. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: The quality of the included trials was inadequate to allow any conclusion about the efficacy of acupuncture. More research with high quality trials is needed.
Cerebello-pontine angle (CPA) lymphoma with perineural extension into the middle fossa: Case report; Background Tumors of the cerebello-pontine angle are most commonly schwannoma and meningioma. Primary central nervous system (CNS) lymphoma usually presents deep within the cerebral hemispheres, occasionally is found in the cerebellum, and rarely occurs in the cerebello-pontine angle. We report a rare case of primary CNS lymphoma involving the right cerebello-pontine angle and the middle cranial fossa mimicking a tentorial meningioma. Methods A 21-year-old woman presented with right sided hearing loss and a facial droop. Computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were performed, followed by cerebral angiography to assess vascularity. Results Imaging revealed a bilobed mass involving the right cerebello-pontine angle and middle fossa. The labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve canal was enlarged, and some bony erosion was seen along the petrous bone anteriorly. The mass was hypointense on both T1 and T2-weighted MRI and exhibited heterogenous enhancement. It was distinctly hypovascular on angiography. At surgery, a B-cell lymphoblastic lymphona was found that infiltrated along the 7th and 8th nerve complexes into the internal auditory canal. Conclusion Imaging and surgery disclosed a cerebello-pontine lymphoma with perineural extension along the 7th nerve to reach the middle cranial fossa. Because of the unusual imaging characteristics of this tumor, as well as special considerations with respect to treatment, preoperative consideration of this entity is important in planning direct surgical biopsy rather than an extensive resection. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The use of botulinum toxin type a in the treatment of Frey and crocodile tears syndromes; Purpose We sought to investigate the efficacy of botulinum toxin type A in the treatment of Frey and crocodile tears syndromes. Frey syndrome is a common complication after surgical intervention or injury in the region of the parotid gland. Crocodile tears syndrome is unusual and manifests after facial nerve paralysis and other causes such as head trauma. Patients and methods This was a prospective nonrandomized, nonblinded study. We used botulinum toxin type A for the treatment of 11 patients with gustatory sweating and 2 patients with crocodile tears syndrome. Results The follow-up (6 to 23 months) of patients with gustatory sweating syndrome showed complete absence of sweating in the affected regions. One patient had recurrence after 16 months and was retreated successfully. At 1 and 24 weeks after treatment of the patients with the crocodile tears syndrome, the Schirmer test showed a reduction of stimulated lacrimation on the impaired side approaching the normal values of the unaffected side. Conclusions Our study supports the widely accepted aspect that botulinum toxin type A could be the treatment of choice for gustatory sweating syndrome. We also propose the toxin as a valuable treatment for crocodile tears syndrome. © 2004 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Clivus fractures: Clinical presentations and courses; Fractures in the clivus region are usually associated with blunt head trauma. They may cause many cranial nerve deficits and vascular complications. The mortality rate is high because of brainstem trauma or vertebrobasilar occlusion. The diagnosis of clivus fracture (CF) is difficult with routine cranial radiography due to the presence of dense petrous temporal bones. Because of this, few cases have been described in the past. In this study, we report nine cases of CF observed and treated in our department during the last 5 years. Computed tomographic (CT) scanning revealed CF in nine of 2500 patients with head trauma (0.36%). The patients ranged in age from 17 to 68 years (mean 38.3). Five patients had had motor vehicle accidents, three were injured in falls, and one was a pedestrian injured by a motor vehicle. Five patients had longitudinal fractures and four had transverse fractures. Cranial nerve deficits were recorded in all patients. Deficits of cranial nerves VI and VII were the most frequently observed (six patients, 66.6%). We review the literature to highlight the differences in clinical presentation and the course in cranial nerve deficits. The diagnosis of CF is made by high-resolution, fine-cut CT using standard and bone window settings. Its presence should alert clinicians to the potential complications.
Risk factors for complications after carotid endarterectomy - A population-based study; Objectives. The overall benefit of carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is dependent on the outcome from the procedure. However, many reports are from selected centres and not population-based. The aim of this study was to assess the 30-day complication rate for a whole country and also to determine independent risk factors for serious complications. Materials and methods. One thousand five hundred and eighteen CEA were retrospectively reviewed, covering principally all the CEAs in Sweden, during a three year period. Indications for surgery were; minor stroke 34%, TIA 34%, amaurosis fugax 18%, asymptomatic 11% and others 3%. Data were collected from the Swedish Vascular Registry (Swedvasc). Combined cohort and case-control methodology was used. Results. Registered complications were; 43 permanent strokes, 32 transient strokes (<30 days), 18 TIA/amaurosis fugax and 22 deaths (seven fatal stokes). In the cohort study, the 30-day permanent stroke and death rate were 4.3% (65/1518). Significant risk factors in multivariate analyses were the indication for surgery (minor stroke vs. other indications) ( p =0.02, RR=1.38), diabetes (p =0.02, RR=1.41), cardiac disease ( p <0.01, RR 1.43) and operation at a university hospital ( p =0.02, RR=1.39). In the case-control study comparing the 65 cases of permanent stroke and/or death with 130 matched controls the only significant risk factor was contralateral occlusion (p <0.01, OR=5.27). One patient (1/130) with a permanent stroke was wrongly reported as a local neurological complication (facial paresis). Conclusion. This national audit demonstrated population-based data on complication rates after CEA well comparable with previous randomised trials. The validity of the Swedvasc data was confirmed. Combined cohort and case-control methodology was useful in analysing risk factors for serious perioperative complications. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All right reserved.
Medical follow-up study of 5-year-old ICSI children; Children born after intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) are still a matter of concern. The purposes of the present study were to investigate the physical outcome in 5-year-old children born after ICSI and compare them with children born after spontaneous conception. Three hundred singleton children from Belgium, Sweden and the USA, born after ICSI, were matched by maternal age, child age and gender. In one centre, matching was also performed for maternal education. The main end-point was growth. Secondary end-points were general health, e.g. common diseases, chronic illnesses, surgical interventions and physical/neurological examinations. Standard deviation scores assessed growth. Growth assessed as stature at follow-up was similar in the two groups, despite a higher rate of preterm birth and low birth weight in the ICSI children. Common diseases and chronic illnesses occurred at similar rates in both groups. More ICSI children underwent surgical interventions and required other therapy e.g. physiotherapy and dietary therapy. Physical/neurological examinations revealed few abnormalities in either group. In conclusion, infertility treatment by ICSI does not adversely affect growth during childhood. The children's general health seems satisfactory.
Parotidectomy: Review of treatment and outcomes; Background: Parotidectomy is a common surgical procedure performed for a wide array of benign and malignant tumours. The aim of the present study was to review a single-institution experience with parotidectomy over a 10 year period. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed 170 patients who had parotidectomy performed. The preoperative investigations, clinico-pathological parameters, perioperative morbidity and mortality were assessed. Results: One hundred and six (62%) of the patients were men. The mean age was 54 years (range 21-80). Indications for parotidectomy included benign tumour (44%), malignant tumour (42%), inflammatory parotid disease (7%) and miscellaneous (5%). The most common benign tumour was pleomorphic adenoma (25%). The most common malignant tumour was metastatic cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) (19%). Fine needle aspiration cytology was performed in 83% patients with a sensitivity and specificity for benign tumours of 76% and 97%, respectively. The sensitivity and specificity for malignant tumours was 90% and 99%, respectively. One (0.6%) patient died in the postoperative period. Postoperative complications included wound infection (2.3%), wound haematoma (3.5%) and seroma (6.6%). Six patients (3.5%) developed temporary complete facial paresis, while 33 patients (20%) developed temporary partial facial palsy in the immediate postoperative period. The 2-year disease-free and disease-specific survival for those patients with metastatic cutaneous SCC were 75% and 76%, respectively. Conclusions: The most common indications for parotidectomy were pleomorphic adenoma and metastatic cutaneous SCC. Our perioperative morbidity and survival for patients with malignant parotid disease compare favourably with other institutional series.
Cervical necrotizing fasciitis with facial nerve paralysis; Necrotizing fasciitis (NF) is a very aggressive infection with associated high mortality. Risk factors of acquiring this infection may include diabetes mellitus, surgery, trauma, and infection. This infection necessitates prompt recognition and aggressive management in order to avoid its unfavourable outcomes. Associated nerve paralysis may indicate the involvement of deeper tissue. The present report highlights a case of cervical NF that was complicated by facial nerve paralysis, a feature that has rarely been reported.
Destructive, granulating lesion in the temporal bone after elevated plasma homocysteine; Objective: This is a presentation of a seemingly new otolaryngologic disease. Setting: This study was conducted at a tertiary referral center. Case Report: A 38-year-old healthy man developed left-sided sudden deafness with vertigo and temporary left facial palsy. A granulating and destructive lesion in the left temporal bone was discovered; repeated histologic examination only showed simple granulation tissue. After 6 months, a part of the bony cochlea was extruded. With approximately 8 months' delay and after the patient had had postoperative lung embolism, plasma homocysteine was found to be significantly elevated, a condition known as an independent risk factor for thromboembolic lesions. In the acquired form, it is most often caused by nutritional deficiency of vitamin B cofactors. Accordingly, the patient was treated with folic acid, which rapidly normalized plasma homocysteine. Subsequently, the granulation tissue in the temporal bone gradually disappeared, clinically and radiologically, and the lesion healed, obviously without cochlea function. Conclusions: Thromboembolic lesion in the left temporal bone, probably in the thin end artery a. labyrintina, i.e., an avascular osteonecrosis. During the latest years, an association between avascular osteonecrosis (most often in the hip) and conditions with increased risk of thrombosis such as hyperhomocystinemia has been established but, to the best of our knowledge, it is never with a lesion in the temporal bone.
Surgical management of epithelial parotid tumours; Objective: To describe the clinicopathological presentation and treatment options in epithelial parotid tumours with emphasis on surgery. Design: Descriptive study. Place and Duration of Study: ENT Departments of Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences, Islamabad and Holy Family Hospital, Rawalpindi and Surgical Units at Rawalpindi General Hospital and DHQ Teaching Hospital, Rawalpindi, during a ten year period 1993-2003. Subjects and Methods: Epithelial parotid tumours diagnosed and operated by an ENT surgeon and a general surgeon in 10 years during their posting in different teaching hospitals were included in the study. Clinical presentation, preoperative investigations, operative procedure, histopathology report, postoperative complications and further management were recorded. The data was collected and reviewed from the records of all the patients maintained by the authors. Results: Fifty-two patients presented with parotid tumour. Average age was 38 years. Commonest presentation was a painless lump over the parotid region (85%), pain (15%), facial palsy, and enlarged neck nodes. Majority of tumours were benign, only two were recurrent. Parotid pleomorphic Adenoma (PPA) was the commonest benign tumour, others being Warthin's tumour and monomorphic adenoma. Adenoid cystic carcinoma was the commonest malignant tumour 29% followed by mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Others were carcinoma in PPA, squamous cell carcinoma, malignant mixed tumour, malignant lymphoepithelioma and undifferentiated carcinoma. Superficial parotidectomy (SP) was the commonest operation performed in 69%. Other procedures were total conservative parotidectomy in 11%, total radical surgery in 9% and enucleation in only one patient earliest in the series. Neck node dissection was done in 2 patients. Except for one child, rest of the 13 patients received postoperative radiotherapy and one patient of lymphoepithelioma received chemotherapy in addition. Commonest postoperative complication was temporary facial weakness in 35% (18/52). Permanent facial palsy occurred in 08 patients. Of these 07 had a malignant process and only one patient had excision biopsy. Conclusion: Benign and malignant epithelial parotid tumours can be diagnosed by their clinical presentation supplemented with FNAC. Superficial parotidectomy (SP) was the operation of choice. Facial nerve can be saved in total conservative parotidectomy for benign tumour in deep lobe and early malignant tumour. Radical parotidectomy followed by radiotherapy and in selected cases neck node dissection are the recommended procedures for advanced malignant parotid tumours.
Delayed facial paralysis after stapedectomy and discussion on its mechanism; Background: A facial palsy appears only in rare cases a few days after uneventful stapedectomy, which has unclear pathogenesis. Objective: To study the incidence, pathogenesis and treatment of delayed facial palsy after stapedectomy. Design: A non-randomized controlled study was conducted based on diagnosis. Setting and participants: The study was completed in the Department of Otorhinolaryngology, the Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital of Nanjing University Medical School. Subjects were 3 female cases aged 34-48 years with delayed facial palsy. Methods: Three delayed facial palsy patients in 332 stapedectomy patients were retrospectively reviewed. Main outcome measures: House-Brackmann facial nerve grading system. Results: Delayed facial palsy occurred from 5 to 6 days after stapedectomy in three cases, who all suffered from uncompleted peripheral paralysis. Anti-herpes simplex antibody titers were elevated in one patient who received the test. A high dose of hormone, antiviral drugs and vitamins were effective, which were also combined with acupuncture treatment. All three cases recovered. Conclusion: The probable pathogenesis of delayed facial palsy after uneventful stapedectomy might relate with the reactivation of dormant herpes simplex virus except for the dehiscence in bony facial nerve canal.
Salivary gland tumors: A 10-year retrospective study of survival in relation to size, histopathological examination of the tumor, and nodal status; Salivary gland neoplasms represent the most complex and diverse group of tumors encountered by the head and neck oncologist. Their diagnosis and management is complicated by their relative infrequency. The significance of the study was to analyze the different types of salivary gland tumors, the modalities of treatment given, and their varied outcomes in relation with morbidity, prognosis, and survival rate. A total of 436 patients were treated for salivary gland neoplasm at Madras Medical College and Research Institute between 1991 and 2001, and the results were analyzed retrospectively. The patients were between 11 and 72 years of age (mean, 41.5 years), and 334 were male and 102 were female. They were from different socioeconomic groups. Fine-needle aspiration cytology was done for all patients that presented with salivary gland swelling. Univariate analysis was done, the confidence interval and odds ratio were calculated, and the significance was noted. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was estimated, and the results were analyzed. Pleomorphic adenoma was the most common benign tumor affecting the salivary glands. In our series, 155 patients had malignant parotid gland neoplasms, and 20 patients had cervical lymph node metastasis at the time of presentation. Facial nerve paralysis was noted in 21 cases. The recurrence after total parotidectomy for malignant salivary gland tumors was effectively managed with external beam irradiation in 19 patients. The survival, prognosis, and the mortality rate of the malignant parotid neoplasms and their relation to the sex of the patient, histopathological type of tumor, nodal status, and size of the tumor were analyzed.
Vagus nerve stimulation as a potential option for treatment-resistant depression; Despite the availability of numerous treatment options, many patients continue to suffer with chronic or recurrent major depression due to treatment non-response or intolerance. Several novel interventions for the treatment of mood disorders are under study, including vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). VNS involves intermittent electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve via the NeuroCybernetic Prosthesis system. This intervention has demonstrated acute and long-term safety and efficacy in the treatment of refractory epilepsy, and several lines of evidence suggest a role for VNS in the treatment of depression. Studies investigating the safety and efficacy of VNS in patients with treatment-resistant chronic or recurrent depression are currently underway, and results thus far are promising. This article provides an overview of VNS, including its current clinical uses, the rationale for studying VNS as a treatment for depression, current data regarding VNS in treatment-resistant depression, and suggestions for future directions of VNS in mood disorders. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Increasing the dosage of vincristine: A clinical and pharmacokinetic study of continuous-infusion vincristine in children with central nervous system tumors; BACKGROUND. Vincristine (VCR) is widely used to treat patients with malignant disease; among the patients treated with VCR are children with brain tumors. In vitro studies have demonstrated that the cytotoxic activity of VCR is related to both extracellular concentration and duration of exposure. The attainment of higher plasma concentrations by injecting larger bolus doses of VCR has been limited by concerns about neurotoxicity. One possible alternative strategy for enhancing the antitumor efficacy of VCR involves prolonging the duration of in vivo exposure. Therefore, the authors explored the neurotoxicity and pharmacokinetics of VCR administered via a 96-hour continuous infusion after administration of a conventional bolus dose in a pediatric population. METHODS. The current study included 16 patients, 11 of whom were males. The median age of the study population was 4.8 years (range, 1.7-15.8 years). The diagnoses included intrinsic pontine glioma (n = 4), ependymoma (n = 5), astrocytoma (n = 3), medulloblastoma/primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET; n = 2), ganglioglioma (n = 1), and choroid plexus carcinoma (n = 1). Of the 16 patients, 5 were newly diagnosed, and the remaining 11 had disease recurrences, 8 of which arose after radiotherapy. Treatment included cyclophosphamide 65 mg/kg administered intravenously over 1 hour on Day 1, a bolus of VCR 1.5 mg/m2 administered intravenously on Day 2, and VCR 0.5 mg/m 2 per 24 hours administered via continuous intravenous infusion on Days 2-5. Thus, a total VCR dose of 3.5 mg/m2 was administered via infusion over 4 days. Fifteen patients received 2 courses of treatment at 21-28-day intervals, and a total of 31 treatment courses were administered. VCR concentrations in plasma samples were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS. Jaw pain, constipation, mild abdominal pain, and depressed reflexes were common. However, only 1 of 31 courses was associated with Grade III toxicity, and no Grade IV toxicity (e.g., cranial nerve palsy, ileus, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, seizures, hallucinations, etc.) was noted. The steady-state plasma concentration of VCR during continuous infusion ranged from 1 to 3 μg/L in all patients. Responses after 2 courses were evaluated in 14 of 16 patients. A complete response was noted in one patient (astrocytoma), a partial response in three patients (one each with astrocytoma, ependymoma, and PNET), stable disease in seven patients, and disease progression in three patients. CONCLUSIONS. Continuous infusion of VCR after a conventional bolus dose plus cyclophosphamide for children with tumors of the central nervous system did not result in significant neurotoxicity and appeared to be a safe strategy for achieving increased systemic exposure. © 2004 American Cancer Society.
Hypertrophic chronic pachymeningitis associated with chronic otitis media and mastoiditis; We describe the case history of a 70-year-old female patient presenting with bilateral hearing disturbance, facial paralysis, and vertigo. Radiological tests of temporal bone revealed soft tissue in the mastoid and tympanic cavities, and T1 weighted MRI revealed prominent Gd enhancement of the middle skull basal meninges. Middle ear inflammation appeared to induce pachymeningitis and to exacerbate associated symptoms, leading to a decline in the patient's overall condition. Bilateral mastoidectomies were effective in improving her general condition. Her hearing improved only on the right side because ossiculoplasty was performed only on that side. Her facial movement progressively improved and pachymeningitis diminished over time. We speculate that removal of the infectious granulation within the middle ears and mastoids ameliorated the acute inflammation. The etiology remains unknown in this case. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Behçet's disease: External ear involvement; Behçet's disease is an autoimmune vasculitis characterized by recurrent episodes of oral and genital ulcerations, skin lesions and uveitis. It also affects neurological, vascular, articular and gastrointestinal systems. Although etiology and pathogenesis are under investigation, studies have shown that HLA-B51 influences genetic susceptibility. The development of the disease is associated to neutrophil activation. Treatment depends on the severity of the disease and immunosuppressive drugs are often used. Blindness and dementia are long-term concerns. We report an unprecedented case of a child with Behçet's disease presenting a skin lesion with necrosis of the external ear canal, facial paresis, Horner's syndrome and rupture of the internal carotid artery. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pneumonia in acute stroke patients fed by nasogastric tube; Background: Aspiration pneumonia is the most important acute complication of stroke related dysphagia. Tube feeding is usually recommended as an effective and safe way to supply nutrition in dysphagic stroke patients. Objective: To estimate the frequency of pneumonia in acute stroke patients fed by nasogastric tube, to determine risk factors for this complication, and to examine whether the occurrence of pneumonia is related to outcome. Methods: Over an 18 month period a prospective study was done on 100 consecutive patients with acute stroke who were given tube feeding because of dysphagia. Intermediate outcomes were pneumonia and artificial ventilation. Functional outcome was assessed at three months. Logistic regression and multivariate regression analyses were used, respectvely, to identify variables significantly associated with the occurrence of pneumonia and those related to a poor outcome. Results: Pneumonia was diagnosed in 44% of the tube fed patients. Most patients acquired pneumonia on the second or third day after stroke onset. Patients with pneumonia more often required endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation than those without pneumonia. Independent predictors for the occurrence of pneumonia were a decreased level of consciousness and severe facial palsy. The NIH stroke scale score on admission was the only independent predictor of a poor outcome. Conclusions: Nasogastric tubes offer only limited protection against aspiration pneumonia in patients with dysphagia from acute stroke. Pneumonia occurs mainly in the first days of the illness and patients with decreased consciousness and a severe facial palsy are especially endangered.
Meningiomas of the posterior petrous bone: Functional outcome after microsurgery; Object. The aim of this study was to analyze a subgroup of patients harboring cerebellopontine angle meningiomas originating from the posterior petrous bone in regard to clinical presentation, surgical anatomy, complications, and long-term functional postoperative results. Methods. Data in a series of 51 patients with meningiomas of the posterior petrous bone who had undergone microsurgical treatment at the authors' institution between 1989 and 2002 were retrospectively reviewed. The patient population consisted of 46 women and five men with a mean age of 53 years (range 22-70 years). The main symptom on first admission was impaired hearing in 41%, dizziness in 20%, and tinnitus in 18% of the patients. Results of physical examination and audiological testing revealed hypacusis in 65% of patients, cerebellar ataxia in 31%, and impairment of the fifth cranial nerve in 26%. All patients underwent surgical treatment via a lateral suboccipital approach. Intraoperatively, the tumor was found to be attached to the postmeatal dura in 37%, the premeatal dura in 27.5%, the suprameatal dura in 19.6%, the inframeatal dura in 7.8%, and centered on the porus acusticus in 5.9% of cases. Tumor extension into the internal acoustic meatus was present in seven patients. Tumor resection was categorized as Grade I in 14 patients, Grade II in 29, Grade III in six, and Grade IV in two patients, according to the Simpson classification system. The site of displacement of the cranial nerves was predictable in up to 84% of patients, depending on the dural origin of the tumor as depicted on preoperative magnetic resonance (MR) imaging studies. Postoperatively, a new and permanent facial paresis was observed in five patients (9.8%). In 38 patients in whom both pre- and postoperative audiological data were available, hearing function deteriorated after surgery in 18.4% and improved in 7.9%. Clinical and MR imaging postsurgical data from a mean period of 5.8 years (range 13 months-13 years) were available in all patients. Forty-four patients (86%) resumed normal daily activity. Tumor recurrence was observed in two patients (3.9%), and both underwent a second surgery. Conclusions. Preoperative detailed analysis of MR imaging data gives the surgeon a clue about the dislocation of critical neurovascular structures, particularly the cranial nerves. Nonetheless, the exact relationship of the cranial nerves to the tumor (dislocation, adherence, infiltration, and splaying of nerves) can only be fully appreciated during surgery.
Gold weight implants in the management of lagophthalmos in facial palsy; The otolaryngologist plays an essential role in the diagnosis and management of a facial palsy. We present one of the largest cohort prospective studies in the UK of 22 patients with gold weight implants, including ancillary oculoplastic techniques, and their outcomes. Facial paralysis places the eye at risk and protection and lubrication of the eye is paramount in the management of these patients. If recovery of facial function is likely to be delayed or negligible, gold weight loading of the upper lid has been shown to be effective in providing a dynamic solution to lagophthalmos. Following surgery, complete eye closure was possible in the upright position in 18 patients (82%). Two patients had their weights removed secondary to infection (9%). At long-term follow up, four patients judged their vision to have deteriorated (29%). Two of these, after investigation by the ophthalmologists, were found to have pressure astigmatism and removal corrected the visual problems. Overall patient satisfaction with the procedure is high and all reported improvement in eye closure following the operation. An algorithm for the management of the eye in patients with facial palsy is outlined.
Sudden onset aphasic hemiplegia: An unusual manifestation of disseminated encephalomyelitis; The association of the sudden onset of aphasia with hemiplegia, hemisenosry defect, and facial palsy, with MRI evidence of white matter lesions, requires differentiation between multiple sclerosis (MS) and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM). We have observed eight patients with such a syndrome, all of whom were originally diagnosed as multiple sclerosis, but who, on closer examination, turned out to be instances of disseminated encephalomyelitis. The patterns of demyelination seen in T2-weighted MRI are quite different in both conditions. In two of our patients, MRI reverted to normal after the treatment; in others, the images remained unchanged. A review of the reported cases of multiple sclerosis presenting with the acute onset of aphasia, reveals that the majority of them are, in reality, instances of acute disseminated encephalomyelitis with a much better prognosis. Most of these cases are monophasic and immunomodulatory treatment is inappropriate. © 2004 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Neurological complications of sarcoidosis; Purpose of review: The neurological manifestations of sarcoidosis, which occur in 5% of patients with the condition, present in a variety of ways that can be assigned to several broad categories. A comprehensive approach to the diagnosis and management of neurosarcoidosis involves an appreciation of the strategies to confirm a diagnosis of sarcoidosis and neurosarcoidosis and the available therapeutic options. Recent findings: In addition to traditional approaches to the diagnosis of sarcoidosis, positron emission tomography can be used to identify otherwise occult sites of systemic inflammation which can be targeted for biopsy. Although corticosteroids remain the mainstay of treatment, other immunosuppressive and immunomodulatory agents can be used in the multi-modality therapy of sarcoidosis. Summary: Neurosarcoidosis can be 'staged' with the use of neurodiagnostic testing and diagnosed with varying degrees of certainty. Treatment should be approached within the context of the anticipated clinical course of the patient, avoidance of adverse drug effects, and, as necessary, from the perspective of the comprehensive management of a chronic disease. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Amantadine therapy for chronic hepatitis C: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: Although treatment of hepatitis C has improved, up to 50% do not respond to standard therapy with interferon regimes or cannot tolerate the treatment due to side effects. The purpose of the present investigation was to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the antiviral drug amantadine for the treatment of hepatitis C in those who had either previously failed interferon therapy or were not candidates for interferon. DESIGN: A prospective double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial. SETTING: Outpatient research clinic of a teaching hospital. PATIENTS/PARTICIPANTS: One hundred fifty-two patients with confirmed hepatitis C with abnormal liver enzymes, detectable hepatitis C RNA in the blood, and abnormal liver histology by biopsy were randomized to receive treatment or placebo. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Patients received either amantadine 100 mg twice daily by mouth or placebo for 6 months. After 6 months, placebo-treated patients were crossed over and treated with amantadine for 6 months and amantadine-treated subjects received 6 additional months of therapy. Amantadine therapy resulted in a significant decline in seram alanine aminotransferase compared to placebo (P = .03). Nine percent cleared the virus at the end of therapy and 6.8% had a sustained virologie response 6 months after discontinuation of amantadine, but this was not statistically significant. Side effects were minimal, and the social quality of life survey improved with 12 months of amantadine (P = .02). CONCLUSIONS: Oral amantadine may provide a safe alternative treatment for those patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to interferon.
Functional outcomes after translabyrinthine approach for vestibular schwannomas; Purpose. - The aim of this paper is to present the functional outcomes after translabyrinthine approach (TLA) for vestibular schwannoma (VS). We analyzed data from 95 patients who had undergone surgery on between 1991 and 2001. Methods - This retrospective study of clinical and radiological data concerned 95 patients operated on by TLA for a unilateral vestibular schwannoma, excluding NF2 patients and those who have been operated on after a gamma-knife treatment. Results were evaluated with at least 2 years follow-up and compared with recent data in the literature. Results - Complete tumor removal was achieved in 84% of cases. The facial nerve was normal at the end of the operative procedure in 85%. Facial nerve function was evaluated in 90 patients with two years follow-up: 62% were grade I or II according to the House and Brackmann scale, 21% were grade III and 16.5% grade IV to VI. CSF leakage was noted in 8.4% including rhinorrhea in 4.2%. No deaths occurred during this period. Conclusion - The results related here show that TLA is a safe and efficient procedure for the removal of large acoustic neuromas.
Functional outcomes of radiosurgical treatment of vestibular schwannomas: 1000 Sucessive cases and review of the literature; Rationale. - To evaluate the functional results of Gamma Knife surgery of vestibular schwannomas relying on a large and prospective series of consecutive cases. Material and method. - The first 1000 patients with cerebello-pontine angle schwannomas were consecutively treated by Gamma Knife in Marseille Timone University Hospital between July 1992 and March 2001. Patients without NF2 and or clinico-radiological arguments in favor of a facial origin accounted for a population of 927 patients (414 males, for 513 females) including 843 treated in first intention. In this series the Koos classification was: stage I 77 patients, stage II 520 patients, stage III 287 patients and stage IV 42 patients. The average volume was 12.7mm3. Haring was usefull (Gardner and Robertson) before radiosurgery in 47% of the patients (subnormal in 20.3%). Results. - Tumor control at last follow-up was 97%. Globally, a clinical trigeminal injury was observed in 0.6% of the patients and a facial palsy in 1.3%. There was clearly a decrease of the incidence of neuropathies with time; no facial palsy being reported among the last 258 patients. The rate of functional hearing preservation (Gardner) for patients initially in class I was 77.8% (47.6% for class II) at 3 years. This rate of functional preservation reached 95% among patients with tinnitus as a first symptom. Conclusion. - Today, strong evidence surports the superiority of Gamma Knife surgery in term of functional perservation and equal efficacy compared with microsurgical removal. Consequently, radiosurgery must be preferred as a first intention choice for young patients with few symptoms presenting with a small to middle size vestibular schwannomas (Koos I-III).
Injury of the lacrimal component of the nervus intermedius function after radiosurgery versus microsurgery; Rationale. - Due to the synergetic role of the facial nerve and the nervus intermedius in the mechanical protection of the eye, vestibular schwannomas (VS) and/or their treatment are dangerous for the visual function. Our goal was to evaluate and compare the impact of the tumor itself, and the microsurgery (MS) or radiosurgery (RS). Material and method. - A functional questionnaire evaluating among other items the patient's complaints related to the eye was addressed to a series of 100 patients, 3 years after GKS of a previously unresected unilateral VS. Answers were compared with those of a group of 100 patients operated microsurgically. A Shirmer test was additionally performed before radiosurgery, and more than 2 years after radiosurgery in 46 patients. Results. - The risk of dry eye and burning eye was much higher in patients operated by MS compared to patients operated by GKS due to the high incidence of facial palsy in the former (57/99) and the its absence in the later (0/80). In the population operated microsurgically, the presence of a permanent facial palsy (57 patients among 99 responding to the questionnaire) was, of course, associated with a high rate of complaints about burning eye (n=18) and crying eye (n=23). Among patients from the two arms with no facial palsy, a dry eye was reported by 8/64 after GKS and 7/42 after MS (NS) and a burning eye by 9/64 after GKS and 9/42 after MS (NS). Thus patients with no clinical signs of impairement of the VII motor nerve accounted for 14% of the cases signs indicating injury of the intermedius nerve with the same probability whatever the kind of surgery. When no permanent facial palsy was observed a crocodile tear syndrome was more frequently observed after MS (4/42 versus 1/64, p=0.07). This suggests an early lesion of the VII motor and intermedius, and a subsequent abnormal regrowth. The only patient reporting a crocodile tear syndrome after GKS turned out to have presented transiently a discret deficit of orbicular muscle signaling transient partial facial nerve injury. In absence of facial palsy, a "crying eye" was reported more frequently after MS (16/42 versus 9/64, p=0.01), leading us to suspect frequent infraclinical VII nerve injury in patients with no obvious facial palsy operated by MS. Patients tested with Shirmer test, before and more than 2 years after, were improved in 28.3%, stable in 56.5%, and worse in 15.2%. Conclusions. - This study is the first demonstrating that radiosurgery can induce nervus intermedius injury in a small percentage of cases (14%). These patients had been treated 11 years ago with what we can consider as "archeo GKS technology" compared to today's refinements. The impact of modern GKS on the nervus intermedius is currently under evaluation in our group. However, symptoms related to the eye either due to the injury of the nervus intermedius or of the VII motor or both are much more frequent after MS than after RS.
Surgical management of vestibular schwannomas secondary to type 2 neurofibromatosis; To evaluate the results of Gamma Knife radiosurgery treating vestibular schwannomas (VS) secondary to type 2 neurofibromatosis (NF2) we reviewed our clinical experience. Among the VS that have been treated between July 1992 and January 2002, we could analyze retrospectively the data of 50 VS from 37 patients. Fourteen patients had the mild phenotype while 23 were affected by the severe form. Before radiosurgery, one or two microsurgery attempts had been undertaken in 16 VS. Tumor volume ranged from 120 to 14405 mm3 (mean: 3468 mm3) at the time of treatment; 12 tumors were Koos stade 4. Median clinical and radiological follow-up was 62 months and ranged from 27 to 123 months. The 5-year and 10-year actuarial survival rates without failure justifying tumor removal were 90 and 85% respectively. The 5-year actuarial survival rate without hearing decreasing was 36% when selecting the cases of useful hearing (Gardner I & II) at the time of treatment. Severe phenotype (p=0.05) and dose (>12 Gy) delivered at the tumor margin (p=0.032) were correlated to hearing deterioration at univariated analysis. Permanent facial neuropathy occurred in 2%. Even though the level of tumor control and hearing preservation is not the same as for sporadic VS, these results show that Gamma Knife radiosurgery is a valuable alternative treatment for VS in NF2 patients. Future orientation of early proactive radiosurgical treatment of intracanalicular VS will probably improve these results.
Cystic vestibular schwannomas; Rationale. - Patients with cystic vestibular schwannomas (VS) are a radiologically well-defined subgroup of patients who classically have poor outcome after microsurgical resection. Since Pendl's report of a high rate of failures, they are also considered as poor candidates for radiosurgery. Material and method. - Among the 1000 consecutive patients who underwent Gamma Knife surgery in Marseilles, France between July 1992 and January 2002, we have collected and studied 54 patients with cystic VS at the time of treatment. Results. - The median follow-up of this group was 26 months (mean: 33, range: 6-90). Failure (6.4%) led to microsurgical removal in 2 patients and a radiosurgery in 1 patient with a delay of 2 years for 2 of them and 3 years for the third. No facial palsy has been reported. Two patients developed transient hypesthesia. Among the 32 patients with functional hearing at the time of treatment, 53% preserved their hearing function at 3 years. Conclusions. - We found an increased risk of failure in this group compared to patients with no cyst at time of radiosurgery (93.6% instead of 98%). But this is also a group were we observe most dramatic shrinkage. Prudent radiosurgical treatment of cystic vestibular schwannomas remains mandatory: strict follow-up is specially important.
Gamma Knife surgery for VII nerve schwannomas; Rational. - Radical resection of VII nerve schwannomas classically implies a high risk of severe facial palsy. Due to the rarity of facial palsy after Gamma Knife surgery (GKS) of vestibular schwannomas the evaluation of GKS in this specific difficult group of patient appears rational. We have found no similar evaluation in the literature. Method. - Among 1.000 schwannomas of the cerebellopontine angle operated in Marseilles, France between July 1992 and March 2003, 9 have been diagnosed as originating from the VII. Criterias for this diagnosis are the involvement of the second or third portion of the VII nerve canal (7 patients) and/or peroperative observation during a previous microsurgery (2 patients). The rare facial palsy after vestibular schwannomas radiosurgery occurring usually before 18 months have been considerated only the patients with more than 2 years of follow-up (8 patients). Results. - Four of these patients had the experience of a previous spontaneous facial palsy one (3 patients) or several times (1 patient). A normal motor facial function was observed only in 2 cases before GKS (House 2 in 6 patients, House 3 in one). The follow-up was 2-7 years for the evaluable patients. None of these have developed or worsened facial palsy, two have improved their preoperative facial palsy. To date, all tumors have been evaluated. The specificity and heterogeneity of this group of patients led us to develop an original classification in 4 anatomical types presenting different clinical and surgical difficulties. Conclusion. - This first study demonstrates that radiosurgery allows treating these patients while preserving a normal motor facial function. Because of this advantage, GKS must be considered as a first option for all small to middle sized facial nerve schwannomas.
Fractionation of radiation treatment in acoustics: Rationale and evidence in comparison to radiosurgery; Stereotactic fractionated radiotherapy has been proposed as a strategy to improve upon the results of single-fraction radiosurgery. The rationale for the strategy is that fractionation will allow complciations to be reduced while maintaining the same degree of long-term tumor control. This paper reviews the radiobiological arguements for fractionating radiation treatment of acoustic neuromas and examines claims for improvement in outcome.
When Lyme disease is suspected; Although the classic symptom of Lyme disease is the erythema migrans rash, the diagnosis is often confused because symptoms may be those of a generalized flu-like illness or may affect various body systems (eg, acute and late neuroborreliosis, Lyme carditis, and Lyme arthritis). All tests are confirmatory; but testing is not standardized and there is often confusion over interpretation of results. Primary care physicians can successfully treat most patients who have Lyme disease, often with a 2- to 3-week course of oral antibiotics.
Herpes zoster oticus: Symptom constellation and serological diagnosis; Background: Background: Herpes zoster oticus is a rare illness with cutaneous symptoms (eruptions) and a colored picture of brain nerve failures. The clinical symptoms, the symptom constellation, diagnostics and therapy, however, have been examined till now only in few studies. Patients and methods: In this study 91 cases of a zoster oticus were looked at in retrospect from the complete archives of the university ENT clinic Jena/Germany in the period from 1932 to 2001. Inclusion criterion was the occurrence eruptions in the ear region. The demographic data, subjective and objective symptoms, the symptom constellations, diagnostic methods and the therapy were arranged. Results: Women (68.1 %) were concerned more frequently than men (31.9%). The average illness age was 51.2 days. The prodromal stage lasted for 2.2 days in the average. Earache (50.2 %) and headache (11.0%) were the most frequent first symptoms. No prodroma appeared in 27.5% of the cases. The facial nerve (86.8 %) was most frequently affected, the vestibular nerve in 76.9% and the cochlear nerve in 36.3%. Other brain nerve damages were extremly rare. The therapy success was identical with regard to the brain nerve regeneration at all times. A positive antibody titer for VZV-IgM and/or IgA or an IgG is a sign for an acute infektion. VZV-IgA antibody titers appeared more constantly, frequent and early than an IgM. Conclusions: Women have a greater risk of falling ill at a zoster oticus than men. Although more than 72 hours is behind the beginning of the symptoms in this study, treatment with virostatic drugs should always be carried out in zoster oticus. Different therapy methods do not have any influence to the success therapy of the therapy. The facial nerve showed the best cure trend. A postzosteric pain develops approximately the half of the cases at the zoster oticus. The serological diagnostic is not necessary in clinically clear cases.
Remaining problems and controversies in the management of childhood head and neck soft tissue sarcomas: Retrospective (national) multicenter study of the Polish Pediatric Solid Tumors Group; Soft tissue sarcomas in children are a heterogeneous group of malignant diseases. Among these, tumors localized in the head and neck region are especially difficult to treat. While multidisciplinary care has dramatically improved the prognosis of sarcoma patients, their treatment remains uncertain because of demand on radical surgical resection of the tumor. Achieving cure without deforming or mutilating the child remains the primary goal of treatment. This study is the multicenter (nationwide, 11 Polish centers) retrospective analysis of the treatment results in children having soft tissue sarcoma in the head and neck region during the previous decade (from 1991 to 2001). Late effects of the treatment are documented in long-term survivals. Eighty-five children from 1 to 212 months of age were included. Different multimodal treatment protocols were utilized (CWS-91, SIOP-MMT-91, and CWS-96). The median observation time was 25 months. Data on long-term effects were collected in 34 long-term survivals. Complete remission was achieved in 68 (80%) patients. Primary treatment failure occurred in 13 (15.3%) patients, all of whom succumbed in disease progression. Relapse occurred in 21 (30.9%) patients primarily achieving complete remission. Second primary neoplasm occurred in 3 children. The estimated 5-year event-free survival and the 5-year total survival rates for the whole group are 0.38 and 0.55, respectively. The main late effect documented in long-term survivals were cosmetic defects in 12 (35.3%) and visual field deficit or blindness in 8 (26.5%). Despite substantial improvement of the prognosis of pediatric soft tissue sarcomas, the multimodal treatment of head and neck region tumors remains controversial. Improved long-term outcome and focusing on psychosocial difficulties raise the important and difficult Problem of functional results and cosmesis. Tumors localized in the orbit carry an excellent prognosis. However, the main late sequela is vision impairment and cosmetic defect due to the therapy given many years earlier. Two other tumor localizations-the parameningeal and nonparameningeal ones-still have bad prognosis. The observations made in this study confirm that main prognostic factors are the size of the primary tumor and the tumor stage. The worst prognosis remains invasive tumor (T2-stage) with a size over 5 cm. Individually adjusted multimodal therapy, which imperatively needs to be radical, though not mutilating, might minimize the late effects. Psychosocial problems in long-term survivors need to be focused on at the national level and better support must be provided in the future, involving a team of different medical and paramedical profiles.
Clinical courses of acute and chronic neuroborreliosis following treatment with ceftriaxone; Between 1990 and 2000, a total of 101 patients with acute (n=86) or chronic (n=15) neuroborreliosis (proven by clinical data, pleocytosis in the CSF, and elevated Borrelia burgdorferi-specific antibody indices) were treated with 2 g of ceftriaxone per day for either 2 or 3 weeks. The patients were reexamined clinically and serologically after 3, 6, and 12 months. Six (12) months after the antibiotic treatment, about 93% (95%) of the patients with acute neuroborreliosis and 20% (66%) of the patients with chronic neuroborreliosis were cured. One year after treatment, four patients with acute neuroborreliosis still suffered from facial palsy and five with chronic neuroborreliosis still had moderate spastic ataxic gait disturbance. The prognosis of facial palsy in neuroborreliosis is quite similar to that in idiopathic facial palsy, while that in chronic neuroborreliosis largely depends on the time elapsed before diagnosis.
Idiosyncratic toxicity associated with potentiated sulfonamides in the dog; Idiosyncratic toxicity to potentiated sulfonamides occurs in both humans and dogs, with considerable clinical similarities. The syndrome in dogs can consist of fever, arthropathy, blood dyscrasias (neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, or hemolytic anemia), hepatopathy consisting of cholestasis or necrosis, skin eruptions, uveitis, or keratoconjunctivitis sicca. Other manifestations seen less commonly include protein-losing nephropathy, meningitis, pancreatitis, pneumonitis, or facial nerve palsy. The pathogenesis of these reactions is not completely understood, but may be due to a T-cell-mediated response to proteins haptenated by oxidative sulfonamide metabolites. Our laboratory is working on tests to characterize dogs with possible idiosyncratic sulfonamide reactions, to include ELISA for anti-drug antibodies, immunoblotting for antibodies directed against liver proteins, flow cytometry for drug-dependent anti-platelet antibodies, and in vitro cytotoxicity assays. The management of idiosyncratic sulfonamide toxicity involves client education to identify clinical signs early and allow rapid drug discontinuation, supportive care to include possibly ascorbate and glutathione precursors, and avoidance of subsequent reexposure. It is important to realize that only antimicrobial sulfonamides, such as sulfamethoxazole, sulfadiazine, and sulfadimethoxine, share this clinical syndrome. There is no evidence for cross-reactivity with drugs that have different underlying structures but share a sulfonamide moiety, such as acetazolamide, furosemide, glipizide, or hydrochlorthiazide.
Patient characteristics for outpatient acupuncture in Beijing, China; Objectives: This study quantifies and compares patient characteristics in outpatient acupuncture. Setting/design: Prospective primary source evidence was gathered at two prominent outpatient acupuncture clinics in Beijing, China (n = 563, n = 233). Results: The most common condition was Bell's palsy, which represented 20.6% and 25.3% of total cases at the two clinics, respectively. The second most common condition was cerebrovascular accident (CVA) rehabilitation. These treatments represented 11.9% and 12.0% of treatments at the two clinics, respectively. Other trends at the clinics included the following: (1) neurologic complaints predominated; (2) doctors see a large number of patients per day; (3) the majority of patients overall were female; while (4) the majority of patients treated for CVAs rehabilitation were male. As cultural and socioeconomic differences in perceptions of acupuncture exist between peoples of different countries, this study also compared patient main complaints in China to available data on acupuncture patients seen in other parts of China, Germany, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the United States. Except for the German clinic data, Western clinic acupuncturists saw more musculoskeletal complaints compared to China, where neurologic complaints predominated. Another significant difference between Asian and Western clinics was the number of patients seen per hour. While acupuncturists were reported to see 1.2 patients per hour in U.S. clinics, acupuncturists at the two Beijing, China, clinics saw 7.0 and 10.4 patients per hour, respectively. Conclusion: The main complaints seen in acupuncture outpatient clinics throughout the world likely result from a combination of inherent disease prevalence as well as patients' attitudes toward what acupuncture can treat successfully.
Tuberculous otitis media: A significant diagnostic challenge; Objective This study was undertaken to revise the diagnostic characteristics of tuberculous otitis media (TOM), a disorder that is often diagnosed late, leading to delay in specific treatment. Study design and setting Retrospective study of a longitudinal series of 10 TOM patients over a 7-year period at an institutional referral center. Results Most patients showed intractable otorrhea, moderately severe hearing loss, and necrotic eardrums with granulation tissue and single perforations. Multiple perforations, facial palsy, and cervical adenopathies were rare (<10% of patients). CT generally showed soft tissue involvement of the middle ear without bone erosion. The most effective laboratory test microbiological culture of exudate (diagnostic efficacy 71%). Specific antibiotic treatment was effective in all cases. Conclusion The diagnosis of TOM remains a significant challenge for otorhinolaryngologists. Significance If there are strong clinical grounds for suspicion, standard laboratory tests for tuberculosis should be repeated even if initially negative.
Acute otitis media and its life-threatening complications; Acute otitis media is a widespread disease affecting all ages. The introduction of antibiotics has led to a reduction in the incidence of complications from approx. 17% to 1% (1). Nevertheless, life-threatening complications still occur. The present paper describes the course and treatment of mastoiditis, petrositis and sepsis, as well as intracranial complications, i.e. meningitis, sigmoid sinus thrombosis, extradural abscess, subdural empyema, brain abscess and otitic hydrocephalus. The importance of antibiotic treatment for acute otitis media and the need to assess treatment outcomes are emphasised.
Anatomy of the hypoglossal nerve and the hypoglossal ansa cervicalis; The hypoglossal nerve is the motor nerve of the tongue and the ansa cervicalis is a motor nerve for the sub-hyoid muscles. The hypoglossal nerve seems to give the innervation of the thyrohyoid although it is a sub-hyoid muscle. Most of axons in the ansa cervicalis arise from the three first cervical nerves. These nerves are in close contact because of the cervical ontogeny of the tongue and the hypoglossal nerve. Nerve impulse in the superior root of the ansa cervicalis runs caudally to rostrally. This is why neurotization techniques using the superior root of the ansa cervicalis produce poor results in the treatment of facial palsy sequelae.
Surgical management of parotid hemangioma; Hemangiomas represent one of the most common childhood neoplasms. They are often managed conservatively, requiring numerous years for spontaneous involution. No effective medical treatment has been reported for children with large, deforming hemangiomas of the parotid gland and overlying cheek. The authors retrospectively studied 17 children who underwent surgical resection of parotid hemangiomas at Childrens Hospital Los Angeles from 1997 to 2003. All 17 patients had improvements in facial asymmetry and deformity. There were no major complications. Minor complications included hematoma (11.8 percent), transient facial nerve palsy (11.8 percent), and blood transfusion (5.9 percent). All operations were performed on an outpatient basis. Surgical resection of parotid hemangiomas provides an aesthetic benefit to young children with low associated morbidity. Early resection by an experienced surgeon should be considered as a treatment option for these disfiguring lesions.
Intracranial tumors in infants; The prognosis in infants with brain tumors has historically been very poor. This study reviews 16 infants under the age of 12 months with brain tumors who presented to our institution between 1988 and 1999. The aim was to describe the clinical presentation, diagnosis, and management of these patients and to establish if newer diagnostic and treatment modalities have improved prognosis in terms of survival and neurocognitive outcome. Charts were reviewed retrospectively for age at diagnosis, time to diagnosis, presenting features, location, histology, surgical and adjuvant treatment, survival, and neurocognitive outcome. Survival has improved. Three quarters of the patients remain alive. The 5-year survival rate was 81%. The 5-year progression-free survival rate was 51%, with a median follow-up time of 70 months. The 5-year survival rate for benign tumors was 100%. None of the children with malignant tumors survived. Morbidity remains high: 8 of 13 survivors had focal neurologic deficits, 7 of 13 had epilepsy, and 7 of 12 had significant cognitive disability. Future treatment protocols should include formal analysis of neurocognitive morbidity, functional outcome, and quality of life measures to provide accurate prognostic information and to prepare families for early intervention programs.
Options in facelift surgery; Facelift continues to evolve over the past century. Initial surgical development probed into deeper layers of the SMAS to create a stronger lift of greater duration. Recently patients have requested smaller procedures which provide reduced risk and less time away from work in recovery. This article demonstrates how different facelift procedures were utilised to satisfy the varying needs of 4 patients. This range of procedures require a surgeon to understand the needs of the patient and have training and proficiency in the range of options available.
Application of facial canal dissection for recovery of facial nerve after operation of parotid carcinoma; OBJECTIVE: To study the recovery method of facial nerve function and to compare the clinical effect after operation of parotid carcinoma, which invades stylomastoid foramen and peripheral bone in deep lobe. METHODS: Three operation methods were taken: (1) The tumor, parotid, invasive facial nerve and bone around the tumor were resected with transplantation of facial nerve. (2) Tumor parotid and facial nerve were resected without transplantation of facial nerve. (3) Tumor and parotid were dislocated from facial nerve, keeping the continuity of facial nerve. RESULTS: For the first method, facial nerve function of 68.2% patients came back to the patients without facial paralysis before operation, while facial nerve function of 16.7% patients came back to the patients with facial paralysis before operation. There was obvious difference between them (P < 0.05). To the patients with facial paralysis before operation, the first and the second method were taken. The ratio of local control was 33.3% and 10.0% respectively. And survival for 5 years were 25.0% and 10.0% respectively. There was no obvious difference between the two methods (P > 0.05). To the patients without facial paralysis before operation, three methods of operation were taken. The ratio of local control was 77.3%, 48.0% and 33.3% respectively. And survival for 5 years were 86.4%, 52.0% and 41.7% respectively. There was obvious difference between the first method and the other two (P < 0.05). There was no obvious difference between the second and the third methods (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Facial canal dissection in operation of parotid carcinoma with recovery of facial nerve can not only resect tumor completely, but also fit for development of functional surgery. It is an ideal method for surgery operation.
Treatment of Bell's palsy with combination of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine; OBJECTIVE: To evaluation the clinical effect of combination of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine on Bell's palsy. METHODS: 83 patients with Bell's palsy were randomly divided into two groups (trail group 54 cases and control group 29 cases). Patients in two groups were treated with medicine, acupuncture, physiotherapy, while patients in the trail group were treated with massage and functional exercise as the same time. The results of both groups were evaluated according to Portmann's Simple Scale. RESULTS: The score before treatment of trail group was 2.907 +/- 1.794, while control group was 2.931 +/- 2.034. And the score after treatment of trail group was 18.593 +/- 1.743, while control group was 9.862 +/- 3.091. Score of the function of facial muscles obtained from trail group was distinctly higher than that was from the control group (P < 0.01), as well as the improvement index (P < 0.01, trail group: 0.844 +/- 0.095, control group: 0.712 +/- 0.129). CONCLUSION: There is significant curative effect and suitability in the treatment of Bell's palsy with combination of traditional Chinese medicine and western medicine. The improvement of facial muscles' motive function pre- and post-treatment and quantitative evaluation of curative effect can be objectively obtained by evaluation of facial muscles' function.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma with facial paralysis - A case report with review of literature; A case of embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma of the middle ear with facial paralysis in a child aged two years is reported for its clinical interest and rarity.
MPO-ANCA-positive Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with hypertrophic cranial pachymeningitis: Case report and review of the literature; We describe a case of hypertrophic cranial pachymeningitis (HCP) associated with Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) in a 60-year-old man presenting with chronic headache and multiple cranial nerve neuropathies. A test for antibodies to the neutrophil cytoplasmic protein myeloperoxidase (MPO-ANCA) was positive in this case. We review the literature on perinuclear (p)-ANCA-related HCP, including our case. This case indicates the link between MPO-ANCA-positive WG and HCP. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2004.
Neonatal lymphangioma: Experience in a single institution; Lymphangioma is a rare congenital malformation composed of cystically dilated lymphatics. The purpose of this study was to outline the natural course of neonatal lymphangioma and the results of surgical excision and other treatment options. In a retrospective study, 29 neonates diagnosed within one month of age with lymphangioma from 1990 to 2001 in one institution were reviewed. The most common presentation was a noticeable mass which occurred in all patients. The most common location was the cervical region (62%). Surgical excision was performed in 25 patients, with a residual or recurrence rate of 40%. Complications included peripheral facial nerve palsy in four patients, wound infection in three, and partial wound necrosis in one. Intralesion injection of sclerosing agent (OK-432) was administered to three patients and the mass was resolved in one of them. The lymphangioma of one patient spontaneously regressed without treatment. In conclusion, neonatal lymphangioma is a rare disease with a low mortality rate. Surgery is effective treatment if the mass is resectable. Intralesion injection of OK-432 may be considered as an alternative therapy if surgery is not passible.
Bilateral anterior opercular syndrome as a manifestation of a non-convulsive epileptic state; Introduction. Foix-Chavany-Marie syndrome, or bilateral anterior opercular syndrome, is characterised by faciopharyngo-glosso-masticatory diplegia with 'automatic-voluntary dissociation', which consists in the abolition of voluntary movements while involuntary movements and reflexes are preserved. It is produced by bilateral involvement of the anterior or frontal opercular region. In adults it is related to ischemic lesions. In childhood it presents congenitally in perisylvian dysplasias and as an acquired disorder in encephalitis or can be episodic in symptomatic or idiopathic epilepsies such as benign rolandic epilepsy. Case report. A 13-year-old patient who presented, over five straight days, four episodes of facial dysplegia, anarthria, dysphagia, drooling, paralysis of the upper limbs, while involuntary facial expression was normal and the corneal, cough and gag reflexes were preserved. The first three come to an end spontaneously at 2, 4 and 20 hours, respectively; the fourth episode concluded an hour and a half after onset, following administration of intravenous phenytoin for 5 minutes. Computerised axial tomography and magnetic resonance images of the brain, as well as the interictal electroencephalograms (EEG), were normal. Administration of oxcarbazepine was started but at 8 months was stopped after a normal EEG during nocturnal sleep was obtained. After 15 months, the patient has not presented any more episodes. Conclusions. The paroxysmal character of the disorder together with normal interictal periods, the normality of the neuroimages, and the speedy recovery achieved after the administration of phenytoin support the notion of an epileptic origin. We believe that we are dealing with a bilateral anterior opercular syndrome due to a non-convulsive epileptic state, compatible with the presentation of benign rolandic epilepsy.
Validity and reliability of estimating the scandinavian stroke scale score from medical records; Background: Reliable estimation of severity of neurological impairments early after stroke is essential for research and audit of acute stroke care. Obtaining this information prospectively requires significant resources. We wished to assess the reliability of estimating the Scandinavian Stroke Scale (SSS) score retrospectively from routine hospital admission records. Methods: Acute stroke admissions to a large urban hospital were examined and had their SSS scored by an experienced physician within 4 h of the examination performed by the medical admissions team. Two examiners (a trained research nurse and a second physician), blinded to the patients' clinical condition, later independently estimated retrospective SSS scores using information documented in the medical admission notes. Results: Fifty patients were recruited [median age 73 years (interquartile range 61, 79)]. Weighted kappa statistics for agreement between domains of the face-to-face and retrospective SSS were as follows: consciousness 0.73, eye movements 0.60, arm motor power 0.83, hand motor power 0.71, leg motor power 0.81, orientation 0.81, speech 0.80, and facial palsy 0.53. The intraclass correlation coefficient for face-to-face and retrospective SSS composite scores was 0.97 (95% CI 0.96-0.98), p < 0.0001. Interobserver reliability for the different components of the retrospective SSS was excellent (kappa values greater than 0.75) apart from consciousness (0.71) and eye movements (0.58). Conclusions: The composite SSS score and most of its individual components can be reliably estimated retrospectively from routine hospital admission records. This method is potentially useful both in observational studies and in case-mix adjustment for audit purposes. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Phase II trial of arsenic trioxide and alpha interferon in patients with relapsed/refractory adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma; Human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 1 associated adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma carries a very poor prognosis due to its intrinsic resistance to chemotherapy. Although zidovudine (AZT) and α -interferon (IFN) yield some responses and improve ATL prognosis, alternative therapies are needed. Arsenic trioxide (As) dramatically synergizes with IFN to induce growth arrest and apoptosis of ATL leukemia cells in vitro. These results prompted us to initiate a phase II trial of As/IFN combination in seven patients with relapsed/refractory ATL (four acute and three lymphoma). Four patients exhibited a clear initial response (one complete remission and three partial remissions). Yet, the treatment was discontinued after a median of 22 days because of toxicity (three patients) or subsequent progression (four patients). Six patients eventually died from progressive disease (five patients) or infection (one patient), but the remaining patient is still alive and disease free at 32 months. Pharmacokinetic studies showed that maximum arsenic blood levels (median 0.46μM) were slowly achieved (8-15 days). In conclusion, arsenic/IFN treatment is feasible and exhibits an anti-leukemia effect in very poor prognosis ATL patients despite a significant toxicity. Future studies should assess the best timing for arsenic therapy: frontline with IFN/AZT or as maintenance after induction. © 2004 The European Hematology Association. All rights reserved.
Deafness in a Young Musician: A Case of Missed Diagnosis; Hearing loss in a young adult can be devastating and prompt diagnosis and treatment of the cause are vital. This case report is of a young musician presenting to the ENT surgeons with deafness and a lower motor neurone facial nerve palsy which was given a presumptive diagnosis of infective pathology but subsequent investigations indicated this was an uncommon presentation of Wegener's Granulomatosis. Treatment involved systemic Cyclophosphamide followed by steroids and Azathioprine. Two years after commencing therapy the disease remains under control but the patient is left with bilateral hearing aids and a grade 3 facial nerve palsy. Diagnosis and treatment of this multi-system disease are discussed.
Neurotherapeutic action of testosterone on hamster facial nerve regeneration: Temporal window of effects; Neurotherapeutic or neuroprotective effects of gonadal steroids on the injured nervous system have been demonstrated in our laboratory and others. We have previously demonstrated that testosterone propionate (TP) administered systemically at supraphysiological levels accelerates both recovery from facial paralysis and regeneration rates following facial nerve injury in the hamster. Initial temporal studies of steroidal enhancement of functional recovery from facial paralysis established that steroid exposure is necessary during the first postoperative week. Furthermore, accumulated evidence suggests that TP manifests its effects on neuronal regeneration in the immediate postoperative or preregenerative phase by altering the cellular stress response. The purpose of this study was to identify the effective temporal window of TP exposure sufficient to enhance regenerative properties of injured facial motoneurons and functional recovery from facial paralysis induced by facial nerve injury. Adult castrated male hamsters received a right facial nerve crush axotomy at the stylomastoid foramen and were divided into (1) short term, (2) delayed, (3) continuous, and (4) no TP treatment groups. Short term and continuous groups were implanted with 1 subcutaneous (sc) TP capsule each immediately after axotomy, with the capsule removed at 30 min, 2, 4, or 6 h in short-term groups and allowed to remain for the duration of the experiment in the continuous group. In the delayed TP group, 1 sc TP capsule was implanted 6 h after axotomy and allowed to remain for the duration of the experiment. For regeneration rate studies, postoperative times ranged from 4 to 7 days. For the behavioral studies, observations were made for 26 days postaxotomy. The results point to a critical 6-h interval immediately after injury when TP enhances nerve outgrowth distances and augments behavioral recovery. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Primary Parotid Malignoma Surgery in Patients with Normal Preoperative Facial Nerve Function: Outcome and Long-Term Postoperative Facial Nerve Function; Objectives/Hypothesis: Most patients with primary parotid cancer present with normal facial nerve function. The common surgical strategy for these patients is to perform a parotidectomy with facial nerve preservation. Nevertheless, the functional outcome for the facial nerve and oncological outcome is unclear. Study Design: Medical records of 211 patients treated from 1986 to 2000 in an university hospital were reviewed. One hundred seven patients with primary surgery for primary parotid cancer and long-term follow-up were analyzed retrospectively. Methods: The characteristics, treatment, and oncological outcome were evaluated using hospital chart data. All patients with postoperative facial paresis were had follow-up with electromyography until recovery of permanent paresis became apparent. Results: Ninety-one patients had a normal preoperative function. Facial nerve preservation during surgery by total parotidectomy was possible in 79 patients, whereas in 28 patients a radical parotidectomy was necessary. Otherwise, the oncological characteristics of both groups were not different. Directly after total parotidectomy, half of the patients presented a facial paresis but only two patients (2%) developed a permanent partial paresis. The 5-year disease-free rate and the 5- and 10-year survival rates were 65%, 83%, and 54%, respectively. After radical parotidectomy, the results were not significantly different. The 5 year disease-free rate and the overall 5- and the 10-year survival rates were 56%, 62%, and 42%, respectively. Conclusion: Treatment of primary parotid cancer with preoperatively normal facial nerve function by standardized parotidectomy and precise microsurgical preservation of the facial nerve is often possible. This approach demonstrates favorable oncological results with a low level of long-term facial nerve morbidity.
Aspergillosis of the petrous apex; We present the case of an immunocompetent man who presented with multiple and progressive cranial nerve palsies. The cause was found to be aspergillosis of the petrous bone, arising as a result of chronic fungal otitis media. Despite treatment with local excision and systemic anti-fungal therapy, he died after suffering a subarachnoid haemorrhage. Diagnosis rests upon prompt radiological imaging and the acquisition of tissue for histological examination and culture but cannot be made without awareness of the condition. © British Geriatrics Society 2004; all rights reserved.
Facial palsy and Wegener's granulomatosis; Facial palsy can occur as a result of various pathological processes, which are not always amenable to early diagnosis. This article is a case presentation of a patient with facial palsy, after an acute otitis media manifestation, as a first symptom of Wegener's granulomatosis. The clues leading to diagnosis consist of the practitioner's clinical suspicion of the disease, the use of the appropriate serological measurements (c-antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody), and the histological confirmation. The early initiation of treatment leads to high rates of remission of an otherwise lethal disease. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Neurofibromatosis type 2 with multiple plexiform schwannomas; Multiple plexiform schwannomas (PS) or neurilemmomas are very rare nerve sheath tumors, showing multiple schwannomas of the skin and other soft tissues, brain, or spinal cord with histopathologic characteristic of interwoven Antonio-A type tissues but without other signs of neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF2). Neurofibromatosis type 2 is much less common than neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1), with a symptomatic prevalence of 1 in 210,000, and, to the authors' knowledge, only six cases of NF2 with multiple plexiform schwannomas have been reported in the literature. We report a rare case of multiple cutaneous plexiform schwannomas associated with characteristic features of NF2 including bilateral acoustic neurilemomas and intracranial meningioma. © 2004 The International Society of Dermatology.
Ulcerative colitis presenting as sensorineural deafness, brainstem encephalopathy, and white matter lesions; Background: Several rare neurologic complications of ulcerative colitis have been reported. Review Summary: We report a 69-year-old Japanese woman who developed bilateral sensorineural deafness, 2 attacks of bilateral ophthalmoplegia, and bilateral facial nerve palsy in association with ulcerative colitis. Laboratory data showed elevated cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) protein without pleocytosis, abnormal auditory brainstem evoked potentials, and multiple high signal lesions on magnetic resonance imaging of the brainstem and cerebral deep white matter. Her symptoms improved with corticosteroid therapy except for sensorineural deafness and an exacerbation of cerebral deep white matter lesions without any new clinical signs. Conclusion: Immunologic mechanisms may have led to her central and peripheral nervous system findings in addition to her colon disorder.
Successful treatment of Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome with lymecycline; The cause of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, a granulomatous, inflammatory disease is still unknown. Many treatments have been tried with variable and often disappointing results. We report the case of a 31-year-old woman affected by Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, who has been successfully treated with lymecycline, after variable results with steroids alone or combined with antihistamines, sulphasalazine and clofazimine.
Hepatitis B vaccines; Immunization is the most effective way to prevent transmission of HBV and, hence, the development of acute or chronic hepatitis B. The national strategy to eliminate transmission of the virus in the United States includes vaccination of all newborn infants, children, adolescents, and high-risk adults. Postexposure prophylaxis is also advocated, depending on the vaccination and antiHBs status of the exposed person. Seroprotection after vaccination, defined as antiHBs ≥ 10 mIU/mL, is achieved in over 95% of all vaccinees. The hepatitis B vaccines are very well tolerated with usually minimal adverse effects. Predictors of nonresponse include increasing age, male gender, obesity, tobacco smoking, and immunocompromising chronic disease. For those who remain nonresponders after the second series of vaccination, adjuvants such as GM-CSF may be considered, but their results are variable.
Distal anterior inferior cerebellar artery aneurysm masquerading as a cerebellopontine angle tumor: Case report and review of literature; We present the case of a distal anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) aneurysm masquerading as a cerebellopontine angle tumor in a 60-year-old right-handed man with previously undiagnosed polyarteritis nodosa (PAN). The patient presented with a 2-month history of progressive right-sided hearing loss, intermittent severe headache, and sudden onset of complete facial paralysis 3 weeks before admission. Magnetic resonance imaging, including postgadolinium images, showed a 1.2-cm heterogenously enhancing mass that slightly enlarged the right internal auditory canal. A right suboccipital. craniotomy was performed, and a partially thrombosed fusiform AICA aneurysm was discovered just anterior to the VII/VIII nerve complex. The aneurysm was trapped and opened, and a thrombectomy was performed. Postoperatively, the patient experienced abdominal pain; liver function tests were abnormal. Investigation revealed a small retroperitoneal hemorrhage and aneurysms of the celiac axis and gastroduodenal arteries. Further investigation revealed an increased erythrocyte sedimentation rate, and a diagnosis of PAN was made. PAN is a well-identified factor in the genesis of peripheral vascular aneurysms. Aneurysms involving the hepatic, renal, coronary, pancreatic, and tibial arteries have been described. PAN is an extremely rare cause of intracranial aneurysm. Patients who present with aneurysms in unusual locations (e.g., distal AICA) should be investigated for vasculopathy and collagen vascular disorders. Copyright © 2004 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Effect of rehabilitation training at different degree in the treatment of idiopathic facial palsy: A randomized controlled comparison; Aim: To study the effect of different rehabilitation training in the treatment of idiopathic facial palsy. Methods: Totally 145 patients with idiopathic facial palsy were assigned into training group and control group according to the severity of facial palsy, for a randomized controlled comparison in clinic. The time when the patients began to recover and the time until the patients completely recovered were compared between the training group and control group as well as recovery rate and complication rate. Results: The mild patients in the training and control groups began to recover after (2.1 ± 0.7) weeks and (2.4 ± 0.9) weeks, completely recovered at the end of(3.8 ± 1.2) weeks and(4.2 ± 1.1) weeks, and there was no significant difference(P > 0.05). For the mild patients, the recovery rates were 100% in both groups, and no complication occurred. The time when the moderate patients began to recover and the time until the patients completely recovered were (4.1 ± 1.3) and (7.2 ± 1.9) weeks in the training group, and (5.5 ± 1.4) and (9.3 ± 1.7) weeks in the control group, and significant differences were found between the two groups(P < 0.05). The recovery rates of the moderate patients were 93% and 87% in the two groups without significance(P > 0.05), and there was only one case of complication in the two groups. For the severe patients, the recovery rate in the training group was 80% (24/30), significantly higher than that in the control group(52%, 13/25) (χ2 = 4.856, P < 0.05), while the complication rate was lower in the former(13%, 4/30; 48%, 12/25)(χ2=5.06, P <0.05). Conclusion: For the patients with idiopathic facial palsy, rehabilitation training can shorten the recovery time, increase the recovery rate and reduce the occurrence of complication for the moderate and severe patients with idiopathic facial palsy, but not for the mild ones.
Neurovascular free-muscle transfer for the treatment of established facial paralysis following ablative surgery in the parotid region; Neurovascular free-muscle transfer for facial reanimation was performed as a secondary reconstructive procedure for 45 patients with facial paralysis resulting from ablative surgery in the parotid region. This intervention differs from neurovascular free-muscle transfer for treatment of established facial paralysis resulting from conditions such as congenital dysfunction, unresolved Bell palsy, Hunt syndrome, or intracranial morbidity, with difficulties including selection of recipient vessels and nerves, and requirements for soft-tissue augmentation. This article describes the authors' operative procedure for neurovascular free-muscle transfer after ablative surgery in the parotid region. Gracilis muscle (n = 24) or latissimus dorsi muscle (n = 21) was used for transfer. With gracilis transfer, recipient vessels comprised the superficial temporal vessels in 12 patients and the facial vessels in 12. For latissimus dorsi transfer, recipient vessels comprised the facial vessels in 16 patients and the superior thyroid artery and superior thyroid or internal jugular vein in four. Facial vessels on the contralateral side were used with interpositional graft of radial vessels in the remaining patient with latissimus dorsi transfer. Cross-face nerve grafting was performed before muscle transfer in 22 patients undergoing gracilis transfer. In the remaining two gracilis patients, the ipsilateral facial nerve stump was used as the primary recipient nerve. Dermal fat flap overlying the gracilis muscle was used for cheek augmentation in one patient. In the other 23 patients, only the gracilis muscle was used. With latissimus dorsi transfer, the ipsilateral facial nerve stump was used as the recipient nerve in three patients, and a cross-face nerve graft was selected as the recipient nerve in six. The contralateral facial nerve was selected as the recipient nerve in 12 patients, and a thoracodorsal nerve from the latissimus dorsi muscle segment was crossed through the upper lip to the primary recipient branches. A soft-tissue flap was transferred simultaneously with the latissimus muscle segment in three patients. Contraction of grafted muscle was not observed in two patients with gracilis transfer and in three patients with latissimus dorsi transfer. In one patient with gracilis transfer and one patient with latissimus dorsi transfer, acquired muscle contraction was excessive, resulting in unnatural smile animation. The recipient nerves for both of these patients were the ipsilateral facial nerve stumps, which were dissected by opening the facial nerve canal in the mastoid process. From the standpoint of operative technique, the one-stage transfer for latissimus dorsi muscle appears superior. Namely, a combined soft-tissue flap can provide sufficient augmentation for depression of the parotid region following wide resection. A long vascular stalk of thoracodorsal vessels is also useful for anastomosis, with recipient vessels available after extensive ablation and neck dissection.
Transient total facial palsy after bilateral sagittal split ramus osteotomy; This article describes our clinical experience with two cases of transient total facial palsy after bilateral sagittal split ramus osteotomy in mandibular prognathism. In case 1, the paralysis was caused by Bell palsy, of which the possible underlying cause was increased susceptibility to a viral infection of the facial nerve after the surgical intervention. In case 2, although the exact cause was unknown, the likely cause of the palsy was the stretching of the facial nerve as a result of her mandibular ramus being set back deeply. We did not consider immediate surgical exploration or decompression surgery, but rather took the approach of conservative physical therapy treatment and administration of high-dose steroids. Our conservative treatment approach proved to be effective for both of our patients, as they recovered almost completely from their facial palsies within 3 weeks and 3 months, respectively.
Multivectored suture suspension: a minimally invasive technique for reanimation of the paralyzed face.; BACKGROUND: Despite advanced techniques for reanimation of the lower face, many patients opt for static suspension procedures, which are less invasive and have a relatively short recovery period. However, even static suspension procedures require general anesthesia, overnight hospital stay, and significant soft tissue manipulation. We present a minimally invasive technique, the multivectored suture suspension, which addresses these drawbacks. OBJECTIVES: To study the technical feasibility and efficacy of the multivectored suture suspension technique in the paralyzed face. DESIGN: The study was carried out prospectively in 12 patients with House-Brackmann grade 6 facial paralysis. Nine patients presented within 6 months of tumor resection and 3 patients presented more than 1 year after surgery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The parameters evaluated were (1). restoration of nasal breathing; (2). improvement of drooling; (3). restoration of normal speech; (4). cosmetic results; and (5). total surgical time. RESULTS: With an average follow-up of 14 months, patient evaluation of the outcome parameters was as follows: (1). 10 patients (83%) reported significant and 2 (17%) reported moderate restoration of nasal breathing; (2). 10 patients (83%) reported significant improvement and 2 (17%) reported modest drooling improvement; (3). 8 patients (66%) reported significant improvement and 4 (34%) reported modest improvement of speech; (4). 9 patients (75%) reported complete satisfaction and 3 (25%) reported moderate satisfaction with cosmesis. The average surgical time was 46 minutes. Three revisions were required for suture failure. CONCLUSIONS: The multivectored suture suspension technique is a minimally invasive, reversible method of lower facial reanimation that provides improved cosmesis with restoration of nasal breathing. It can be performed under local anesthesia in an outpatient setting, thereby reducing morbidity and cost.
Functional profile in patients with facial paralysis treated in a myofunctional approach.; BACKGROUND: Clinical rehabilitation of peripheral facial paralysis (PFP). AIM: To delineate the contributions of myofunctional exercises during the flaccid phase of the disorder, before any sequelae. METHOD: 147 promptuaries of patients with facial paralysis were analyzed and divided in two groups according to the period in which rehabilitation began. For the analysis of development, the classifications proposed by House and Brackmann (1985) and Ross et al. (1994) were used. RESULTS: According to the classification of House and Brackmann (1985), all of the individuals who had sequelae reached level III. However, it was observed that even in cases of severe nerve lesion, cases in which the sequelae were non-acceptable, patients who started treatment at an early stage, revealed a better functional result when evaluated according to the classification of Ross et al. (1994). CONCLUSION: The myofunctional approach demonstrated to be an effective method for the functional reestablishment in cases of facial paralysis.
Acute otitis media in childhood; Because of its distinct anatomy, pathogens can quickly reach the middle ear of a child and cause acute otitis media. Depending on the age of the child, the clinical symptoms can vary from intense earaches, fever, pressure sensation and hearing loss to vomiting, diarrhea and refusal of food by infants. The progression of otitis media through four phases can be observed in an otoscopic examination. To improve Eustachian tube ventilation in uncomplicated cases, nose drops to reduce swelling along with pain therapy are employed first. Antibiotics can be administered to reduce the rate of complications from, for example, mastoiditis, paresis of the facial nerve, and labyrinthitis. In recurrent middle ear infections, an operative therapy should also be considered.
Neurologic manifestations of acute HIV-1 infection; This study presents a review of neurologic complications in the course of primary HIV-1 infection (PHI). Despite the low prevalence of HIV-1 infection in the Czech Republic, we can estimate that several tens of cases of acute neuroinfections with HIV-1 etiology appear in the country each year. Most of PHIs are diagnosed late. Most frequent neurologic complications of PHI include aseptic meningitis, acute polyradiculoneuritis and paresis of the facial nerve. Diagnosis is based on a collection of typical symptoms and laboratory findings. In the initial stage of the disease, when serum anti-HIV antibodies are still negative, it is most important to directly test for viral RNA or p24 protein. Making the diagnosis early is important both for the patient (early initiation of HAART slows down disease progression) and for epidemiological reasons (especially prevention of professional transmission).
Peripheral facial palsy in children: Test for Lyme borreliosis only in the presence of other clinical signs; Peripheral facial palsy (PFP) may be the only sign of Lyme borreliosis in children. A literature study prompted by three children with PFP showed that a positive test for Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies in the blood or cerebrospinal fluid in combination with pleocytosis in the cerebrospinal fluid makes a diagnosis of Lyme borreliosis extremely probable. At least half of the children with PFP as a result of Lyme borreliosis show other signs or symptoms suggesting this disease. No data are available on the prevalence of Lyme borreliosis among children with PFP in the Netherlands; in adults, however, the prevalence is very low. Therefore, assuming a similar low prevalence in children with PFP, the predictive value of serological testing in children may be limited, in which case serological screening is not useful. Moreover, treatment with antibiotics does not seem to improve the prognosis of PFP significantly. Based on these data, serological testing and lumbar puncture is justified only in children with PFP associated with other signs or symptoms of Lyme borreliosis, such as bilaterality of the PFP, signs of meningeal irritation, a recent history of erythema migrans, arthritis or a recent tick bite.
Guideline 'Lyme borreliosis'; Borrelia burgdorferi is the causative bacterial agent of Lyme borreliosis, a tick-transmitted infectious disease. The Dutch Institute for Health Care Improvement (CBO) has now issued a guideline on 'Lyme borreliosis'. Lyme borreliosis is classified as 'early', 'early disseminated', 'late' or as 'post-infectious complaints and symptoms'. Erythema migrans is the most common manifestation of early Lyme borreliosis. Frequent neurological manifestations of 'early disseminated Lyme borreliosis' include meningoradiculitis, meningitis and peripheral facial palsy, but Lyme carditis and arthritis also occur. Late Lyme borreliosis is characterised by skin abnormalities (acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans), chronic neuroborreliosis or chronic arthritis. Confirmation serology with respect to Borrelia is the most commonly used laboratory technique, but in early Lyme borreliosis the immune response may be absent. In addition, the mere presence of antibodies in the serum is no proof of an active infection with Borrelia and serology may yield false-positive reactions. Doxycycline and ceftriaxone are the most commonly used antibiotics in the various stages of Lyme borreliosis. Lyme borreliosis may be prevented by avoiding high-risk areas, keeping the skin covered as much as possible, and inspection of the skin after possible exposure to remove ticks within 24 hours. Laboratory tests after a tick bite are not recommended, nor is prophylactic treatment with antibiotics.
Clinical spectrum and incidence of neuroborreliosis in the Netherlands; Objective. To determine the clinical spectrum and incidence of neuroborreliosis in the Netherlands. Design. Retrospective. Method. All neurological practices in 106 hospital locations in the Netherlands were asked to look for patients with the codes 'other neurological infections' or 'Borrelia burgdorferi' in their Diagnosis & Treatment Combinations registration or the Neurological Coding System, respectively, concerning the year 2001, then to identify the patients with neuroborreliosis and to send a copy of the correspondence with the family doctor and the laboratory data on these patients, after making them anonymous, for data extraction. Pleocytosis in the cerebrospinal fluid combined with a positive test for IgM or IgG antibodies to B. burgdorferi in the serum or cerebrospinal fluid was used as the criterion for the diagnosis neuroborreliosis. Results. Forty-seven (44%) neurological practices did not respond and twenty-two (21%) either did not use any kind of diagnosis registration system or linkage between the registration and the patient file was impossible. Of the 37 (35%) neurological practices that provided information, 17 had diagnosed neuroborreliosis in 30 patients, 20 of whom met the specified criteria. Fifteen (75%) patients had a radiculopathy, 8 (40%) a peripheral facial palsy and 3 (15%) a myelopathy. Conclusion. The clinical spectrum of patients with neuroborreliosis was consistent with that described in Denmark. The incidence of neuroborreliosis found was 3.6 per million inhabitants. The real incidence was probably higher because the registration systems used allowed patients with neuroborreliosis to be booked under other (symptomatic) diagnostic codes, paediatricians were not involved in the study, and relatively few participating neurologists practiced in high-risk areas for tick bites and erythema migrans. The low incidence of neuroborreliosis in combination with a high background level of seropositivity in the population implies a low predictive value of positive Borrelia serology. It is therefore essential that when neuroborreliosis is suspected, the cerebrospinal fluid should always be investigated.
The facial nerve in the presence of a head and neck neoplasm: Assessment and outcome after surgical management; Purpose of review: The face is the mirror of personality. Facial expression is the most important part of verbal and nonverbal communication. Patients with head and neck neoplasm and facial palsy are more stigmatized by the latter than by the tumor itself. Facial nerve reconstruction in such a patient is a great challenge, This review gives an overview of the assessment of facial palsy, surgical reconstruction, and postoperative treatment. Recent findings: MRI, CT, and electromyography are indispensable tools in the assessment of preoperative facial palsy in patients with head and neck neoplasm. When part of the facial nerve has to be sacrificed during surgery, the best functional results are achieved with direct facial nerve suture, interposition graft, or by a hypoglossal-facial nerve interposition jump anastomosis. The latter is the best choice when the reanimation is planned between 6 months and 2 years after tumor surgery. In any case, the eye is best rehabilitated with upper lid loading. Temporalis muscle transposition gives fast and good results for the restoration of the corner of the mouth after radical surgery. Reanimation by free muscle transfer for head and neck cancer patients is rarely indicated. Botulinum toxin treatment is an excellent postoperative aid for refining the result; the optimal modality of postoperative physiotherapy is still unclear. Summary: Surgical reanimation of the face in head and neck patients has reached a high standard. Strategies to decrease misdirected reinnervation after nerve suture have to be established in clinical practice for further improvement of facial rehabilitation.
Microvascular Decompression for Glossopharyngeal Neuralgia: Long-term Effectiveness and Complication Avoidance; OBJECTIVE: To establish the long-term safety, efficacy, and durability of microvascular decompression (MVD) for the treatment of glossopharyngeal neuralgia, this study presents the immediate (<6 mo) postoperative and long-term results of a large series of 47 patients with treated with MVD. METHODS: Operative reports and hospital charts were analyzed to collect demographic information, clinical presentation, and surgical findings. Surgical results and complications were ascertained by direct patient contact or by contact with the patient's family or physician if the patient was dead. Long-term (>10 yr) personal follow-up was available for 29 of 47 patients. RESULTS: Forty-six (98%) of 47 patients experienced complete relief of pain immediately after MVD. Long-term follow-up was available for 29 of these 47 patients (range, 125-211 mo; median, 152 mo, or 12.7 yr), and 28 of these 29 patients continued to be pain-free. Permanent neurological deficits (>6 mo) attributed to the surgery were observed in 5 (11%) of 47 patients. Of these patients, 4 of 5 had mild hoarseness or dysphagia or both, and one had a Grade II/VI facial nerve paresis. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that MVD is a safe, effective, and durable surgical procedure for producing prolonged pain relief in patients with medically intractable glossopharyngeal neuralgia.
Amyloid myopathy presenting with distal atrophic weakness; Amyloid myopathy is a rare complication of primary amyloidosis usually presenting with proximal muscle weakness. We report a woman with multiple myeloma in whom marked atrophy and weakness of finger flexor muscles were the first manifestations of systemic amyloidosis. Muscle biopsy revealed amyloid angiopathy with deposits of lambda light chains in vessel walls. The recognition of amyloid myopathy is important because clinical symptoms may respond to chemotherapy.
Intranasal influenza vaccine in a working population; In the present study, we assessed the incidence of adverse events and influenza-like symptoms in a working population in Switzerland that was vaccinated against influenza. A total of 12,582 individuals of working age (<65 years old) were offered a free influenza vaccine of their choice (injectable or intranasal vaccine) in October and November 2000. Of these individuals, 1600 were vaccinated against influenza. Ninety-seven percent of the vaccine recipients chose the intranasal vaccine, and 3% chose the injectable influenza vaccine. The incidence of influenza-like symptoms and side effects was 13% and 36%, respectively. Individuals who chose the intranasal vaccine were more likely to report side effects (OR, 3.23; 95% CI, 1.29-8.08). Facial paralysis was observed in 11 patients and was the most severe adverse event associated with the intranasal influenza vaccine. As a result of these adverse events, the intranasal vaccine was removed from the market in the fall of 2001.
Morphometric study of the cervical course of the hypoglossal nerve and its application to hypoglossal facial anastomosis; The hypoglossal nerve is used classically in salvage of facial paralyses in the absence of spontaneous recovery. A variety of ways of transferring and suturing the hypoglossal nerve to the distal segment of the facial nerve have been reported. In order to determine which mode of reconstruction is the best for neurotisation of the facial nerve, the caliber of the hypoglossal nerve was studied in ten subjects at the level of proximal and distal parts of the trunk and the cervical loop. The fascicular surface area of the cervical branch is inadequate for use. The distal extremity of the hypoglossal nerve has an ideal caliber to be sutured to the facial nerve trunk and the proximal part is large enough to allow partial harvesting of the hypoglossal nerve for neurotisation of the facial nerve. © Springer-Verlag 2003.
The Role of Topically Administered FK506 (Tacrolimus) at the Time of Facial Nerve Repair Using Entubulation Neurorrhaphy in a Rabbit Model; Peripheral facial nerve palsy is a common sequela of traumatic craniofacial injury, often resulting in dramatic and sometimes permanent functional deficits. Exogenous agents and methods of repair that accelerate axonal regeneration would be of great benefit to the multitude of patients with facial nerve injuries. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of FK506 at the time of facial nerve repair using entubulation neurorrhaphy, and to compare entubulation neurorrhaphy versus interposition autograft in critical facial nerve gap defects. The study design was a prospective, randomized, blinded animal study with a control group. Twenty-five New Zealand White rabbits were assigned to 4 experimental groups and a control group. The buccal branch of the facial nerve was used in all procedures. Group 1 was the control group. Rabbits in group 2 underwent sham surgery. Group 3 was an interposition autograft group in which a 6-mm segment of nerve was transacted, flipped, and followed by epineural repair. Groups 4 and 5 underwent transection followed by entubulation neurorrhaphy with topical administration of either a carrier molecule (group 4) or an FK506 carrier molecule (group 5). Outcome measures included daily subjective assessment of upper lip movement; electromyographic studies at weeks 3, 5, and 8 postoperatively; and blinded quantitative histomorphometric evaluation after 8 weeks. All rabbits in all groups were noted to have spontaneous movement after 8 weeks, with 1 rabbit in group 5 obtaining the highest functional score among all study groups. Electrophysiologic studies showed polyphasic potentials, indicating reinnervation in 1 rabbit in group 5. Histomorphometric examination of group 5 rabbits revealed a similar cross-sectional area distal to transection and remyelination. Other groups showed decreased cross-sectional area and/or incomplete remyelination distal to the transection. FK506 applied topically at the time of facial nerve repair using entubulation neurorrhaphy demonstrated superior results in nerve regeneration versus entubulation neurorrhaphy carrier protein alone, and interposition autograft.
Neurological disorders in pregnancy; Purpose of review: Neurological disorders are common in women of childbearing age and can lead to maternal death, as evident from previous reports of the Confidential Enquiry into Maternal Deaths in England and Wales. In the last report (1997-1999) alone, there were 34 deaths indirectly caused by neurological disorders. Recent findings: With the new developments in drugs, investigations and research, clinicians are now more able than ever before to diagnose and treat some disorders. A recent example is the French Study Group on Stroke in Pregnancy. Summary: This paper reviews the current concepts and outlines appropriate management of conditions such as epilepsy, headache, benign intracranial hypertension, myasthenia gravis, multiple sclerosis, Bell's palsy and cerebrovascular disorders. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Intracranial calcification and tumoural calcinosis during vitamin D therapy; Extraskeletal calcifications are frequently observed in patients with chronic renal failure. However, clinically, they usually remain silent. In this report, we describe two patients with massive extraskeletal calcifications that caused significant morbidity. The first patient had tumoural calcification located on the shoulder and the second patient had severe neurological symptoms caused by intracranial calcifications. High calcium phosphorus product and severe secondary hyperparathyroidism were present in both patients. Furthermore, they both received inappropriately high doses of active vitamin D, even though they failed to respond to this therapy. We suggest to monitor closely the calcium, phosphorus and parathyroid hormone levels during calcitriol therapy and to perform parathyroidectomy, without delay, in patients who were resistant to calcitriol.
A Case of Facial Nerve Injury Reconstruction by Grafted Auriculo-Temporal Nerve; Case: The patient, a 35-year-old male, injured his head and face in a traffic accident. He was treated for a lacerated temporo-fasial wound by a surgeon at Yao Tokusyukai General Hospital. Although the wound healed, the patient was unable to lift his right side eyebrow. After 6 months, he was referred to us by the surgeon for plastic surgery. On examination, he was diagnosed as having right temporal branch facial nerve paralysis. He underwent surgery, but because there was an approximately 1 cm defect in one of the face nerves, a nerve graft was performed. The auriculo-temporal nerve on the right side was selected as a donor. The facial palsy fully disappeared 9 months after the operation. The advantage in selecting the auriculo-temporal nerve as the donor is that it is in the same operating field as the graft side. The disadvantage is that the donor is insufficient in the case of facial nerve injuries involving many branches. It was thought that the auriculo-temporal nerve will become one choice as a donor in nerve grafts for nerve defects of 1 or 2 distal branches of the facial nerve.
Delayed facial palsy after vestibular schwannoma resection: The role of viral reactivation. Our experience in 8 cases; Objective: To study the role of herpes virus reactivation in the onset of more than three days-delayed facial paralysis (FP) following vestibular schwannoma (VS) surgery and advocate a specific medical management. Material and Methods: Retrospective study on 8 cases from a series of 348 patients operated on of a VS between 1996 and 2002. Seven of the eight patients were given intravenously acyclovir (30 mg.kg-1.d-1 for 5 days) and methyl-prednisolone (2 mg.kg-1.d-1 for 7 days). A serologic testing looking for specific anti-herpes simplex viruses type 1 and 2 (HSV-2) and varicella-zoster virus (VZV) antibodies at the onset of the FP and 2 weeks later could be done in only 3 cases. Results: Mean delay of FP onset was 8.75 days. Mean time for recovery with intravenous treatment was 90 days. All treated patients had a House and Brackmann grade 1 recovery. The last one had only a grade 3 after 400 days of evolution: he could not be treated because of postoperative transient psychiatric problems. Serologic testing revealed in those patients in whom it could be done either a high level of anti-HSV or -VZV antibodies at the time of onset or a dramatic increase in anti-HSV or anti-VZV antibodies between the two samples, strongly suggesting a HSV or VZV reactivation. Conclusion: HSV or VZV reactivation can be evocated in most cases of delayed FPs arising in the postoperative course of VSs, suggesting usefulness of emergency-given steroid and acyclovir intravenous regimen to block virus replication and fight secondary oedema and inflammation causative of nerve lesions. Evoked reactivation mechanism is comparable to that already suspected in delayed FP arising with the same delay in middle ear surgical procedures.
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma spreading along the Eustachian tube: The imaging appearance; Nasopharyngeal cancer (NPC) is one of the most common cancers in Taiwan. It can spread anteriorly, laterally, posteriorly, superiorly and inferiorly. Skull base invasion is the common presentation, in up to one-third of cases. We report a rare spreading pathway of NPC, via the eustachian tube. A 44-year-old mate suffered from NPC and got radiotherapy about 2 years ago. He suffered from middle ear effusion and facial nerve palsy on the right side recently. The computed tomography and magnetic resonance image could clearly depict the infiltrating tumor over the mastoid region and tympanic cavity on the right side, spreading along the eustachian tube. It could result in eustachian tube dysfunction and middle ear effusion. The nature of the right facial palsy was most likely due to tumor infiltration.
Palpable orbital subcutaneous masses in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. MRI and neurophysiological study of multiple peripheral nerve swelling; We report a 46-year-old woman with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) in whom swelling of the first branch of the trigeminal nerves in the bilateral orbits were observed as subcutaneous masses in the upper eyelids. The disease developed when the patient was 33 years old, and weakness of the four limbs, double vision, unilateral hypoglossal neuroparalysis, and unilateral facial paralysis frequently occurred during the course of the illness. On nerve conduction studies, conduction block was detected in the motor nerves. Steroid therapy and immunoglobulin treatment improved the symptoms. At 43 years old, subcutaneous phymas were noted in the bilateral upper eyelids, and fat-suppressed MRI detected the phymas localized along the upper region of the superior straight muscle in the bilateral orbits, and the muscles were slightly compressed downward. The masses branched in the orbits, and were diagnosed as nerve swelling of the supraorbital nerve, the first branch of the trigeminal nerve. Fat-suppressed MRI also identified nerve swelling of the extracranial maxillary and mandibular nerves. However, the patient had no subjective sensory disturbance in the trigeminal nerve region. Blink reflex did not induce R1 and R2 exhibited low amplitude and delayed latency. MRI confirmed asymmetric nerve swelling in the regions of the bilateral median nerves with motor nerve conduction block. Lumbar MRI detected nerve swelling in the peripheral nerves distant from the lumbar ganglion. MRI detected no nerve swelling in the arachnoid space such as the cervical cord, thoracic cord, or cauda equina. Aggravation of CIDP was treated with steroids and immunoglobulin. Diplopia occasionally appeared, but was not consistent with aggravation of CIDP. The bilateral supraorbital nerves remained unchanged for three years on MRI.
The observation of delayed facial paralysis after middle ear and mastoid surgery: 10 cases analysis; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the cause,treatment and prognosis of 10 cases (ten ears) of delayed facial paralysis (DFP) after chronic otitis media surgery. METHOD: Ten cases of DFP after chronic otitis media surgery were reviewed for the causes, treatments and their prognosis. In all 10 cases, glucocorticoid, antibiotics, neurotrophic and blood vessel dilating agents were prescribed and physiotherapy was also applied. RESULT: After 3 weeks, full recovery was found in all cases, showing the benign prognosis of DFP after chronic otitis media surgery. CONCLUSION: The local edema of facial nerve in response to minor surgical procedures is speculated to be the primary cause of DFP, and it may also be accelerated by the infections of herpes simplex subsequently.
Primary Blepharospasm: Diagnosis and Management; Primary blepharospasm is an adult-onset focal dystonia characterised by involuntary contractions of the orbicularis oculi muscles. Patients may have various types of movements arising from the different parts of the orbicularis oculi muscle. These include typical blepharospasm associated with Charcot's sign, pretarsal blepharospasm and flickering of the eyelids. Primary blepharospasm may be associated with so-called apraxia of eyelid opening as well as dystonia in the lower face, jaw or cervical muscles. Unless there are clinical clues to a symptomatic cause, adults presenting with blepharospasm do not require extensive aetiological investigation because the condition is rarely due to an identifiable condition. As the aetiology of primary blepharospasm is largely unknown, therapeutic approaches are symptomatic, with type A botulinum toxin being the treatment of choice.
Reversible diffusion MRI abnormalities and transient mutism after liver transplantation; Transient mutism was observed in a liver transplant patient under immunosuppressant therapy with cyclosporine A and antifungal prophylaxis with amphotericin B. Fluid-attenuated inversion recovery and diffusion-weighted images revealed reversible bilateral symmetric hyperintensity located in the frontal motor cortex and corticospinal tracts. These MRI abnormalities may be caused by acute edema, possibly a combination of cytotoxic and vasogenic edema, which resolved with a prompt change in therapy.
Rasmussen encephalitis with active inflammation and delayed seizures onset; Severe focal epilepsy is regarded as a clinical hallmark of Rasmussen encephalitis (RE). The authors report two children with progressive hemiparesis, contralateral hemispheric atrophy, and pathologic features characteristic for RE. At histologic diagnosis and over several months, neither patient experienced seizures. The report enlarges the clinical spectrum of RE and suggests that seizures are not an obligatory presenting symptom of the disorder.
Anti-GQ1b antibody as a factor predictive of mechanical ventilation in Guillain-Barré syndrome; Compared with 87 unventilated patients with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), 44 ventilated patients with GBS more frequently had multiple cranial nerve involvement (91 vs 50%; p < 0.001) and IgG anti-GQ1b antibody (27 vs 8%; p = 0.006). In GBS patients without ophthalmoparesis, the presence of IgG anti-GQ1b antibody was associated with respiratory failure (12 [3/25] vs 0% [0/67]; p = 0.04). The presence of the antibody may be a factor predictive of respiratory failure in GBS.
Acute facial diplegia and hyperreflexia: A Guillain-Barré syndrome variant; Two patients with acute facial diplegia and hyperreflexia are described. Both patients had serologic evidence of preceding Campylobacter jejuni infection and antiganglioside IgG antibodies as well as other laboratory and electrophysiologic findings suggesting Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS). IV immunoglobulin produced recovery. Hyperreflexia does not necessarily exclude the diagnosis of a GBS variant. Antiganglioside antibodies can help with diagnosis in difficult cases.
Bilateral facial nerve palsy associated with Epstein-Barr virus infection with a review of the literature; A case of bilateral simultaneous facial nerve palsy associated with an Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) infection in a 14-month-old girl is described. Diagnosis of the EBV infection was based on the presence of 7% atypical lymphocytes, EBV-DNA and seroconversion in the VCA-IgG antibody, an EBV-specific antibody. Although bilateral facial nerve palsy is very rare, approximately 40% of the EBV-associated facial nerve palsy cases reported have been bilateral.
Complications of acute otitis media in children in southern Finland; Background: The incidence of intratemporal and intracranial complications of acute otitis media (AOM) has decreased and the need for operative treatment is declined in developed countries during the antibiotic era. Objectives: To establish the clinical picture, diagnostic procedures, outcome and current treatment of pediatric patients with intratemporal and intracranial complications of AOM. Methods: A retrospective chart review with a sent questionnaire. All pediatric patients treated for intratemporal and intracranial complications of AOM over the past 10 years (1990-2000) at the Department of Otolaryngology in the Helsinki University Central Hospital. Results: During the study period 33 children (incidence 1.1/100,000 per year), aged from 3 months to 14.2 years were treated for intratemporal [97% (32/33)] and intracranial [3% (1/33)] complications of AOM. Facial paresis was found in 9% (3/33) of the patients. The only intracranial complication was an extradural abscess with meningitis. Eighteen patients (55%) were on antibiotic treatment because of AOM prior to the diagnosis of complication. Neither the duration or severity of the signs and symptoms of infection at the time of admittance nor a lack of antibiotic treatment before admittance were statistically significantly associated with the need for mastoidectomy or duration of hospitalization. Streptococcus pneumoniae 25% (8/33) and Pseudomonas aeruginosa 22% (7/33) were the most frequently found bacteria in the culture of middle ear and mastoid effusions. Mastoidectomy was performed on 55% (18/33) of the patients. After half a year of follow-up, all the patients had normal hearing and facial function. Conclusions: Severe complications of AOM are rare today in southern Finland and the need for mastoidectomy has declined significantly. With early recognition and effective treatment of complications, the prognosis is good. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Management of arteriovenous malformations: A multidisciplinary approach; Background: Management of arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) remains challenging because of their unpredictable behavior and high recurrence rate. A multidisciplinary approach based on a new classification scheme and improved diagnostic techniques may improve their management. The purpose of this study was to review our experience with combined embolotherapy, sclerotherapy (embolo/sclerotherapy), and surgical procedures to manage AVMs. Methods: A total of 797 patients with congenital vascular malformations (January 1995 through December 2001) was investigated with noninvasive studies. Once an AVM was diagnosed, all underwent angiographic confirmation as a roadmap for treatment. Embolo/sclerotherapy and surgical procedures were instituted by the multidisciplinary team with periodic follow-up per protocol. Seventy-six patients with AVMs were reviewed retrospectively to assess the diagnosis and management by a multidisciplinary approach. Results: Seventy-six (9.5% of all CVM) patients had AVMs, mostly infiltrating, extratruncular form (61/76). Embolo/ sclerotherapy with various combinations of absolute ethanol, N-butyl cyanoacrylate (NBCA), contour partides, and coils were used in 48 patients. Sixteen patients with surgically accessible localized lesions completed preoperative embolism and sclerotherapy through 24 sessions, with subsequent surgical excision with minimal morbidity. Interim results were excellent, with no evidence of recurrence in all 16 patients with a mean follow-up of 24 months. Thirty-two patients with surgically inaccessible lesions (infiltrating) were treated with embolism and sclerotherapy alone. There were nine failures in a total of 171 sessions. Interim results with a mean of 19 months' follow-up of embolism and sclerotherapy alone were excellent in the majority (25/32) and good to fair among the rest (7/32). However, 31 complications, mostly minor (27/31), occurred in 30 sessions. Four major complications occurred, including facial nerve palsy, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, and massive necrosis of an ear cartilage. Conclusions: Diagnosis and management of AVMs by a multidisciplinary approach that integrates surgical therapy with embolism and sclerotherapy appears to improve the results and management with limited morbidity and no recurrence during early follow-up.
Upper lid loading with gold weights in paralytic lagophthalmos: A modified technique to maximize the long-term functional and cosmetic success; PURPOSE: To describe a modified fixation technique to improve the long-term functional and cosmetic success of upper lid loading with gold weights. METHOD: A retrospective single surgeon study of combined upper pre-tarsal and direct levator fixation of the gold weight. The minimum follow-up period was 12 months. RESULTS: Gold weights were implanted with the modified technique into 29 patients. The gold weight was removed in two cases due to infection and in one case due to ptosis. There was no loss of function over the follow-up period and the cosmetic outcome was good or very good in all cases. The follow-up ranged from 12 to 84 months with a mean of 40 months. CONCLUSIONS: Combined upper pre-tarsal fixation and direct levator fixation is effective in maximizing both the long-term functional and cosmetic success of upper lid loading with gold weights in paralytic lagophthalmos.
Characteristics of patients with hypoplastic thumb: A prospective study of 51 patients with the results of surgical treatment; The aim of this study was to characterize a group of patients with hypoplasia of the thumb, classifying them, describing the associated anomalies and to evaluate the results of surgical treatment of such cases. Thumb hypoplasia is a complex and heterogeneous congenital disorder that is detrimental to hand functions. The characteristics of patients with these anomalies are not well described in the literature. A prospective study on 51 patients with 82 hypoplastic thumbs was done. All the patients' data regarding their personal, family, pregnancy and developmental histories were recorded. All the patients were exposed to thorough clinical examination with genetic assessment and radiological examination including abdominal ultrasonography and echocardiography when requested by the paediatrician. The cases were classified using the modified Blauth classification into five types and we added the five-fingered hand. Surgical treatment was performed for 26 hands in 18 patients and the postoperative results were recorded with an average duration of follow-up of 38.6 months. Of the 51 patients, there was a positive consanguinity in 23.5%. Eighty-six per cent were found to have associated anomalies. Type V thumb hypoplasia was the most common type followed by type IV, with type I being the least common. All the patients' parents were satisfied with the results of surgical treatment and noticed improvement of the performance of the operated hands in the daily activities. We detected some anomalies that have never been described before or described as case reports only; such as lacunar skull, congenital facial palsy and toe amputation; we also described familial radial side dysplasia with variable presentation of congenital anomalies of the thumb in the families. In addition, we think that the five-fingered hand should be added to the classification of thumb hypoplasia. Our study agrees with the literature regarding the distribution of different types of hypoplasia of the thumb, the incidence of associated anomalies and the results of surgical treatment. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Facial and Trigeminal Neuropathies in Cavernous Sinus Fistulas; Three patients with carotid-cavernous fistulas had prominent ipsilateral facial nerve neuropathy. One patient also had ipsilateral third division trigeminal neuropathy, manifesting as painful trismus and lower facial numbness. Rarely reported in carotid-cavernous fistula, these neuropathies may occur when there is substantial drainage of the fistula into a dilated inferior petrosal sinus. Closure of the fistula in two cases resulted in full recovery of the neuropathies within weeks to months. The neuropathies may be caused by ischemia from an unfavorable arteriovenous flow gradient, venous compression, or secondary inflammation.
Evaluation of photodynamic therapy near functional brain tissue in patients with recurrent brain tumors; Introduction: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) involves the selective retention of a photosensitizer that upon activation with light mediates tumor cell destruction via the production of singlet oxygen. This study evaluates the toxicity of PDT and a new light-delivery device based on light-emitting diode (LED) technology in selected patients with brain tumors. Methods: Twenty patients with recurrent malignant brain tumors received 22 treatments with PDT. Sixteen tumors were supratentorial and four tumors were infratentorial. Patients received IV Photofrin® 24 h prior to light exposure starting at 0.75 mg kg-1. Laser and LED arrays were used to deliver 100J cm-2 of light to the sensitized tumors. Fourteen patients received PDT with a laser-balloon adapter, two via interstitial optical fibers and five patients had LED based PDT. At the maximum Photofrin® dose of 2.0 mg kg-1 five patients received laser-balloon adapter light and five patients received LED light. In addition, three patients received LED light with 0.25 mg kg-1 of Visudine®, a benzoporphyrin derivative (BPD). Quantitative analysis of toxicity and time to progression was performed. Results: Two patients had toxicity consisting of ataxia and facial weakness after treatment with interstitial fibers. Escalating doses of Photofrin® were tolerated to the maximum dose of 2.0 mg kg-1. BPD did not result in additional toxicity. PDT in the posterior fossa or near eloquent brain was tolerated using the LED or laser-balloon adapter. All patients had tumor responses as documented by MRI scan and the mean time to tumor progression after PDT was 67 weeks. Conclusion: PDT with LED balloon adapters (also tunable dye laser) has acceptable toxicity in brain tumor patients. Future studies using more effective photosensitizers could improve local recurrence control. © 2004 Kluwer Academic Publishers.
Delayed Peripheral Facial Palsy in the Stapes Surgery: Can It Be Prevented?; Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate poststapedectomy-delayed facial palsy etiopathogenesis, risk factors, evolution, and prevention. Materials and Methods: Seven hundred six stapedectomies performed in 580 patients were reviewed. In all patients who developed delayed facial palsy, the dates of onset and subside of facial palsy, the anatomic and pathologic predisposing factors, and a possible history for recurrent labial herpetic lesions were considered. The House-Brackmann (H-B) grading system was used to evaluate the facial function. Virus-specific immunoglobulin (Ig) G and IgM antibodies against herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) 3 weeks after the onset of the paralysis. The results were compared with a control group without a history of recurrent herpes labialis. Results: Poststapedectomy facial palsy developed in 7 out of 706 procedures. All 7 patients referred a history of recurrent labial herpetic lesions. One patient showed a facial palsy H-B grade II, 2 a grade III, and 3 a grade IV. After acyclovir therapy, 6 subjects recovered completely, whereas 1 maintained an H-B grade II. An increased IgG antibody titer was found in 6 of the patients with delayed facial palsy and in 1 out of 7 controls. Mean IgG titer was 1:14,050 in the subjects with delayed facial palsy and 1:2,300 in controls (P < .001). Conclusions: Poststapedectomy-delayed facial palsy is likely caused by a reactivation of HSV-1, latent within the geniculate ganglion. The activation of the latent virus is more frequent in patients with a history of herpes labialis and can be prevented by an adequate acyclovir therapy. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Emergency department management of Lyme disease; Lyme disease (LD), a vector-borne illness caused by Borrelia burgdorferi, has firmly entered the public consciousness since its initial description in 1977. Although it may be easily treated with antibiotics, perception of the threat LD poses far outweighs the actual medical sequelae endured by the 16,000 people annually affected in the United States. Of these, late neurologic, cardiac, and musculoskeletal complications are the most problematic. The recognition and treatment of early signs and symptoms of LD, especially erythema migrans (EM), is central to preventing the morbidity associated with late stages of LD. Because EM may be absent or subtle, familiarity with all of the manifestations of LD is essential for pediatric emergency medicine physicians. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Garcin Syndrome in a Patient with Rhinocerebral Mucormycosis; Garcin syndrome is characterized by an unilateral cranial nerves involvement without sensory or motor long-tract disturbances. It is usually caused by tumor infiltrating in the skull base with osteolytic changes on radiological study. We report a case of 64-year-old man with history of alcohol overintake, who admitted local hospital, because of right periorbital edema and facial swelling. He noted right ptosis 2 weeks prior to admission. Neurological examination revealed right multiple cranial nerves involvement including II, III, IV, V, and VI cranial nerves. MR imaging of the brain showed marked paranasal sinusitis and abnormal infiltration of right orbital fat. Orbital apex syndrome related to paranasal sinusitis was diagnosed, and antibiotics was administered. But a few days after admission, he developed a right VII, IX, X cranial nerve palsy. He was transferred to our hospital because of acute development of left hemiparesis and deteriorated consciousness. MR imaging of the brain showed right internal carotid artery(ICA) occlusion, and infarction in right middle cerebral artery(MCA)'s territory. The diagnostic biopsy of the paranasal sinus showed mucorales hyphae, indicating that the pathological diagnosis was mucormycosis. Despite of antibiotic therapy included of amphotericin-B administration and strict control of diabetic mellitus, his sinusitis was gradually spread. His condition progressively deteriorated, and finally died of sepsis. Post-mortem examination revealed a widespread mucor infiltration in the dura mater without skull bone invasion. This case presented with unilateral multiple cranial nerve involvements (Garcin syndrome) followed by left hemiparesis associated with rhinocerebral mucormycosis. It is suggested that mucormycosis should be considered in case of Garcin syndrome without osteolysis in the skull base.
Peripheral facial paralysis; The peripheral facial paralysis is a disease which attacks individuals in all ages, being frequent in usual medical practice, and may cause emotional, social and professional changes because of the sequels that occur up to 30% of the cases. We present the anatomic aspects, clinical findings, complementary tests and the treatment of the several etiologies, that must be known by all physicians to avoid so, the sequels caused by this disease.
Botulinum toxin type A: fine-tuning treatment of facial nerve injury.; Treatment of patients following facial nerve injury can be daunting. A multitude of procedures have been developed to treat the paralyzed face. As patients recover from facial nerve injuries, a variety of asymmetries from nerve hypofunction (paresis or paralysis) or hyperfunction (synkinesis or spasm) often persist. Careful use of botulinum toxin type A can be very useful in improving symmetry in acute or chronic facial nerve abnormality by treating the relatively hyperfunctional side.
Use of the Inactivated Intranasal Influenza Vaccine and the Risk of Bell's Palsy in Switzerland; BACKGROUND: After the introduction of an inactivated intranasal influenza vaccine that was used only in Switzerland, 46 cases of Bell's palsy were reported. METHODS: We conducted a matched case-control study and a case-series analysis. All primary care physicians, ear, nose, and throat specialists, and neurologists in German-speaking regions of Switzerland were requested to identify cases of Bell's palsy diagnosed in adults between October 1, 2000, and April 30, 2001. Each physician was invited to select three control patients for each patient with patient with Bell's palsy, with matching according to age, date of the clinic visit, and physician. Vaccination information was provided by the physicians. RESULTS: A total of 773 patients with Bell's palsy were identified. Of the 412 (53.3 percent) who could be evaluated, 250 (60.7 percent) were enrolled and matched with 722 control patients; the other 162 patients had no controls. In the case-control study, we found that 68 patients with Bell's palsy (27.2 percent) and 8 controls (1.1 percent) had received the intranasal vaccine (P<0.001). In contrast to parenteral vaccines, the intranasal vaccine significantly increased the risk of Bell's palsy (adjusted odds ratio, 84.0; 95 percent confidence interval, 20.1 to 351.9). Even according to conservative assumptions, the relative risk of Bell's palsy was estimated to be 19 times the risk in the controls, corresponding to 13 excess cases per 10,000 vaccinees within 1 to 91 days after vaccination. In the case-series analysis, the period of highest risk was 31 to 60 days after vaccination. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests a strong association between the inactivated intranasal influenza vaccine used in Switzerland and Bell's palsy. This vaccine is no longer in clinical use.
Miller-Fisher syndrome: Clinical features, associated infections and evolution in 8 cases; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Miller-Fisher syndrome (MFS) is considered the most common variant of Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) and is characterized by the clinical triad of ophthalmoplegia, ataxia and areflexia. Respiratory involvement and relapses are unusual. Patients with MFS usually have a good recovery and no residual deficits. We describe the clinical features, associated infections and evolution in eight patients with MFS. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Eight cases of MFS and sixty-one of GBS were studied between 1994 and 2003. All cases showed the clinical triad of MFS without major limb weakness or other signs suggestive of CNS involvement. RESULTS: The proportion of MFS with repect to GBS during the same period was 13.1%. Four had a positive serology for Epstein-Barr virus, Salmonella enteritidis, Chlamydia pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae. Our cases showed facial palsy (75%), dysphagia (75%), pupillary abnormalities (37.5%) and ventilation support (37.5%). Antiganglioside antibodies, determined in three cases (4 episodes), were positive [GQ1b (50%) and GD1b (50%)]. In all cases, there was a markedly reduced amplitude of the distal sensory as well as frequent axonal degeneneration signs. The oldest three patients relapsed and required ventilation support. CONCLUSIONS: We report for the first time an association between S. enteritidis and C. pneumoniae and SMF. Older patients in our series suffered a faster disease progression with need of ventilation support. We conclude that an older age correlates with poor prognosis and relapses.
Subdural empyema and herpes zoster syndrome (Hunt syndrome) complicating removal of third molars; We report a case of subdural empyema and herpes zoster syndrome (Hunt syndrome) complicating routine removal of third molars. Subdural empyema is an extremely rare but life-threatening complication of dental sepsis arising spontaneously or after dental surgery. The clinician should be familiar with its presentation and have a high index of suspicion, because late recognition and delay in its treatment can increase the associated morbidity and mortality. Surgical procedures and in particular maxillofacial surgery have also been known to trigger varicella zoster reactivation resulting in Hunt syndrome. Some patients develop the characteristic rash several days after the onset of facial weakness, so that Hunt syndrome may initially be misdiagnosed as Bell's palsy. We highlight the difficulties in diagnosing Hunt syndrome and argue the case for early treatment of all patients with Hunt syndrome and Bell's palsy with a combination of systemic steroids and antiviral drugs. © 2003 The British Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Paediatric rhabdomyosarcoma of the ear and temporal bone; The objective of the present study was to review the presentation, management, outcome and morbidity of paediatric patients presenting to a single centre with rhabdomyosarcoma of the ear and temporal region. All patients diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma of the ear and temporal region between 1980 and 2000 were entered into this retrospective study. Fourteen patients were identified. The median age at presentation was 4.5 years with a mean time of onset of symptoms to diagnosis of 21 weeks. In many patients, the presentation mimicked that of chronic otitis media, delaying diagnosis. Histological subtype was embryonal in 13 patients and alveolar in 1. All patients underwent multimodality treatment. The 5-year disease-free survival rate was 81%. Regional post-treatment morbidity included chronic aural discharge (6/14), facial palsy (8/14), growth disturbance (4/14) and maxillo-facial deformity occurring in four children. From the results, we conclude that these patients should usually present to an ENT surgeon who should keep the diagnosis in mind when dealing with children with chronic otitis media as early diagnosis with referral to a specialist multidisciplinary team will optimize the chance of survival. Discharge, hearing loss and aural polyp, although commonly because of chronic otitis media, should prompt urgent investigation and biopsy, particularly if associated with facial palsy, lymphadenopathy or an obvious mass.
Bell Palsy: Quantitative Analysis of MR Imaging Data as a Method of Predicting Outcome; PURPOSE: To assess the prognostic value of quantitative analyses of region-of-interest (ROI) magnetic resonance (MR) imaging data in patients with acute facial nerve palsy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a single-blinded study, MR images were obtained in 39 patients (32 men and seven women; age range, 18-75 years; average age, 37.9 years) with acute facial nerve palsy. MR images were obtained before the 6th day of illness, on the first day of standard inpatient treatment with high-dose steroids. Signal intensity (SI) was measured at ROIs in each of five segments (internal auditory canal [IAC]; geniculate ganglion; and labyrinth, tympanic, and mastoid segments) of the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve and quantitatively analyzed. The SI measurements in the five segments were summed and divided by 100 to provide a basis for establishing an MR imaging index. SI increases and MR imaging indexes were compared with available clinical findings and electrophysiologic data. RESULTS: Data for all 39 patients could be analyzed. The MR imaging index was significantly higher in patients with poor outcomes than in patients with favorable outcomes (specificity, 97%; sensitivity, 75%; P < .01). The SI increases in the IAC were significantly different between patients who progressed to full recovery (mean increase, 45.7%) and patients who developed chronic facial paralysis (mean increase, 156.5%) (sensitivity, 100%; specificity, 97%; P < .001). The results of differentiating between patients with good and those with poor outcomes on the basis of SI measurements in the IAC were found to be in complete agreement with electrophysiologic data. CONCLUSION: Quantitative analysis of ROI MR imaging data is a valid method of predicting the outcome of acute facial nerve palsy during the first days after onset of symptoms and thus at a time when it is not yet possible to obtain valuable prognostic information by using electrophysiologic methods. © RSNA, 2003.
Misoprostol: A Quarter Century of Use, Abuse, and Creative Misuse; Misoprostol is a prostaglandin E1 analog originally intended for use to prevent NSAID-induced gastric ulcers. However, because of its cervical ripening and uterotonic property, misoprostol has become one of the most useful drugs in obstetrics and gynecology. Misoprostol has proven to be a very convenient and flexible drug because of its formulation as a tablet that is stable and that can be administered orally, rectally, vaginally and by the sublingual route. Beginning with its abuse for illegal abortion in the late 1980s, misoprostol has quickly become established as one of the most effective drugs for terminating pregnancies in the first and second trimesters, as well as for inducing labor in the third trimester. Its use for routine prevention of postpartum hemorrhage has not been so successful, partly as the high doses required for this indication often result in troublesome side effects. Despite the large body of medical evidence about its efficacy and relative safety, the use of misoprostol in pregnant women remained off-label until the spring of 2002.
Venous angioma of the facial nerve: A case report; BACKGROUND: Lower motor neurone type facial nerve palsy is a common condition that is very rarely caused by a neoplastic lesion. CASE DESCRIPTION: This case report describes a progressive facial palsy in a 62-year-old man because of a vascular tumor of the facial nerve. Histologic examination confirmed it to be a venous angioma. CONCLUSION: Meticulous imaging of the facial nerve is required to diagnose cases of progressive facial nerve palsy caused by a neoplastic lesion. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Electrodiagnostic studies in the management and prognosis of neuromuscular disorders; Prognosis remains a neglected aspect of modern medical care and research, behind diagnosis and treatment. The very term "electrodiagnosis" implies as much. Despite this, much has been published regarding the use and benefit of electrodiagnostic techniques in assessing prognosis and assisting in management of patients after the diagnosis has been established. This information is often hidden or otherwise not emphasized. This review summarizes the literature regarding the use of such techniques for prognosis and management of disorders of lower motor neurons, peripheral nerves, neuromuscular transmission, and muscle.
Recipient Vessel Analysis for Microvascular Reconstruction of the Head and Neck; The selection of recipient vessels that are suitable for microvascular anastomosis in the head and neck region is one of many components that is essential for successful free tissue transfer. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a set of factors that are related to the recipient artery and vein and to determine how these factors influence flap survival. A retrospective review of 102 patients over a 5-year consecutive period was completed. Indications for microvascular reconstruction included tumor ablation (n = 76), trauma (n = 13), and chronic wounds or facial paralysis (n = 13). The most frequently used recipient artery and vein included the facial, superficial temporal, superior thyroid, carotid, and jugular. Various factors that were related to the recipient vessels were analyzed and included patient age, recipient artery and vein, diabetes mellitus, tobacco use, the timing of reconstruction, the method of anastomosis, previous radiation therapy, creation of an arteriovenous loop, and use of an interposition vein graft. Successful free tissue transfer was obtained in 97 of 102 flaps (95%). Flap failure was the result of venous thrombosis in 4 and arterial thrombosis in 1. Statistical analysis demonstrated that anastomotic failure was associated with an arteriovenous loop (2 of 5, P = 0.03) and tobacco use (3 of 5, P = 0.03). Flap failure was not related to patient age, choice of recipient vessel, diabetes mellitus, previous irradiation, the method of arterial or venous anastomosis, use of an interposition vein graft, or the timing of reconstruction.
Acute Vestibular Neuritis Visualized by 3-T Magnetic Resonance Imaging with High-Dose Gadolinium; Sudden idiopathic unilateral loss of vestibular function without other signs or symptoms is called acute vestibular neuritis. It has been suggested that reactivation of human herpes simplex virus 1 could cause vestibular neuritis, Bell palsy, and sudden unilateral hearing loss. Enhancement of the facial nerve on gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a common finding in Bell palsy, but enhancement of the vestibular nerve has never been reported in acute vestibular neuritis. We present 2 consecutive cases of acute vestibular neuritis where high-field-strength MRI (3.0 T) with high-dose (0.3 mmol/kg of body weight) gadolinium-pentetic acid showed isolated enhancement of the vestibular nerve on the affected side only. These findings support the hypothesis of a viral and inflammatory cause of acute vestibular neuritis and might have implications for its treatment.
Myxoma of the Lateral Skull Base: Clinical Features and Management; Objective: To evaluate the clinical features and incidence of true myxomas affecting the lateral skull base. Material and Methods: Illustrative case report and review of the relevant literature. Included are all reports of myxomas according to the histopathologic definition of Stout. Results: Despite nine case reports, only four patients matched the histopathologic criteria of a true myxoma growing in the lateral skull base. Facial palsy occurred in three adults with additional otalgia in one and progressive hearing loss (HL) in another patient. Our patient initially presented with signs of recurrent otitis media. The mastoid cavity was involved in all patients. Conclusion: Differential diagnosis of lesions occurring in the lateral skull base should include true myxoma. Correct diagnosis should be based on immunohistopathology to rule out malignant tumors. Radical surgery is the treatment of choice, but surgeons should respect vital structures and esthetic consequences.
Impaired Volitional Closure of the Left Eyelid after Right Anterior Cerebral Artery Infarction: Apraxia Due to Interhemispheric Disconnection?; Background: The inability of volitional unilateral eye-lid closure is an uncommon symptom of a central nervous system disorder. When it occurs as the result of a localized brain lesion, it is debated to be a form of supranuclear facial palsy or an apraxic phenomenon. Objectives: To report and discuss a unilateral (left-sided) higher-order movement disorder of the facial periocular musculature bearing apraxic features. Setting: University neurology department. Patient: A 78-year-old right-handed man was admitted to the hospital with a left-sided brachiofacial hemiparesis of sudden onset. After thrombolysis with intravenous recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator, the hemiparesis, including the left-sided facial weakness, disappeared. Serial computed tomographic scans showed that the patient was left with a stroke in the right anterior cerebral artery territory, affecting the frontal commissural fibers of the corpus callosum. There were no signs of upper motor neuron facial paresis on the left side when gesturing in a natural context. Eyelid closure was complete during sleep. However, left eyelid closure and elevation of the left eyebrow were not possible on verbal command. In contrast, voluntary innervation of the perioral facial musculature was performed properly. Conclusions: The voluntary-automatic dissociation of our patient's eyelid closure was suggestive of an apraxic disorder. Disconnection from a praxis center caused by callosal damage may be assumed to be the underlying cause. The unilaterality of the symptom might imply that in a bilaterally organized corticonuclear system such as upper face innervation, it is the crossing fibers that are primarily involved in praxis tasks.
Cavernous Sinus and Leptomeningeal Metastases Arising from a Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Face: Case Report; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: Invasion of trigeminal and facial perineural spaces is a recognized complication of cutaneous malignancies. Centripetal spread along the trigeminal nerve axis and into the cavernous sinus and the gasserian ganglion is rare. Metastasis to the leptomeninges and cauda equina has not been reported. We report a unique case of perineural spread and central dissemination from an epithelial squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) associated with a tumor biomarker. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: After excision of multiple cutaneous SCCs and basal cell carcinomas of the head and neck, a 70-year-old male patient developed successive, right-side, V1 and V2 trigeminal neuropathies and complete right cavernous sinus syndrome during a 5-year period. Concurrently, the right face became paralyzed. Left facial paresis developed during the latter half of this period. Two months before admission, subacute left lower-extremity radicular weakness resulted in falls. Serial magnetic resonance imaging scans obtained in the previous 4 years were unrevealing. At the time of admission, enhancing masses were found in the 1) right cavernous sinus and dura, foramina ovale and rotundum, and Meckel's cave, 2) right subtemporal region and orbital rectus muscles, and 3) cauda equina. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis demonstrated mild pleocytosis and rare carcinoma cells. INTERVENTION: Biopsy of the right cavernous sinus mass confirmed moderately differentiated, metastatic SCC. Immunohistochemical staining and fluorescence in situ hybridization revealed epidermal growth factor receptor overexpression and genomic amplification. CONCLUSION: The indolent progression of cranial nerve palsy among patients with resected cutaneous SCCs of the head and neck must raise clinical suspicion of perineural spread, even in the absence of radiological changes. Biomarkers predicting aggressive SCC behavior, illustrated here by epidermal growth factor receptor amplification and central invasion, have the potential to guide early therapy.
Brainstem encephalitis and acute disseminated encephalomyelitis following mumps; A previously healthy female, aged 4 years 3 months, developed brainstem encephalitis with clinical manifestations of fever, decreased level of consciousness, and left facial and abducens paralysis 1 week after bilateral parotitis. Twenty days after remission of encephalitis, she manifested new symptoms of ataxia, dysarthria, and fever. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed multiple hyperintense lesions which were increased in size when compared with the first magnetic resonance imaging. She was treated with glucocorticoids and intravenous immunoglobulin. Forty-eight days after therapy, she was able to walk with support and recovered completely on follow-up. Brainstem encephalitis and acute disseminating encephalomyelitis are discussed as rare complications of mumps. © 2004 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Aberrant facial nerve regeneration (AFR): An under-recognized cause of ptosis; Introduction. Aberrant facial nerve regeneration (AFR) following facial nerve palsy may give rise to ptosis because of increased orbicularis tone. We describe a series of patients presenting with ptosis where the underlying aetiology of AFR was often not recognized by the referring clinicians. Methods. Retrospective case review. Results. A total of 15 cases with ptosis, secondary to AFR, were seen at the Royal Adelaide Hospital Oculoplastic Clinic between 2000 and 2002. Of these, 10 (67%) were referred by general ophthalmologists. Ptosis was the only reason for referral in 11 patients (73%) and features of AFR or a past history of facial nerve palsy were not mentioned in seven referrals (overall 46%). All patients reported a previous facial palsy. The palpebral aperture was reduced on the affected side with reduction in both upper and lower margin reflex distance (MRD) by a mean of 1.5±0.7 mm (P < 0.001) and 1.0±0.3 mm (P < 0.001), respectively. The orbicularis tone was increased and strength reduced on the affected side in all patients. However, none had lagophthalmos. Signs of AFR were demonstrated in all patients with either an increase in ptosis or eyelid closure on the affected side during cheek puffing. Conclusion. Patients with AFR following facial nerve palsy may present with ptosis without recognition of the underlying aetiology. Signs of AFR ptosis include a decreased palpebral aperture with a reduced upper and lower MRD. The diagnosis can be established with demonstration of an increase in ptosis during cheek puffing. Recognition of AFR is important in these cases owing to the implications for management and post-operative patient satisfaction. © 2004 Nature Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Quantitative analysis of signal intensity of the petrosal nerve on MRI in patients with indiopathic facial paralysis; The objective of this study was to evaluate signal intensity increases in the greater petrosal nerve after contrast agent administration to gather information on the etiology of idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis. Magnetic resonance images were obtained from 18 patients who received inpatient medical treatment for acute peripheral facial nerve palsy. Images of intratemporal segments of the facial nerve were taken with a slice thickness of 0.75 mm. After multiplanar reconstruction, regions of interest (ROI) were defined in the proximal segment of the greater petrosal nerve. After multiplanar reconstruction, it was possible to visualize the greater petrosal nerves of all 18 patients. The nerve's average diameter was found to be 0.68 mm (range 0.5-0.9). Signal intensity increased by an average of 50.3% (range - 10-146%) after contrast agent administration. Whereas this intensity was slightly reduced in two patients, it was increased in 16. No correlation could be established between greater signal intensity and medical history, clinical condition, laboratory findings, or electrophysiological data. In contrast to quantitative measurements in the facial nerve, ROI measurements in the greater petrosal nerve do not correlate with medical history, clinical condition, or laboratory findings. For this reason, MRI of this nerve does not enable us to draw conclusions on the etiology of idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis.
Preauricular hydatid cyst: An unusual location for echinoccosis; Hydatid disease is an important medical problem in countries of the temperate zones. A 21-year-old female patient was admitted to our outpatient clinics with a complaint of a progressive swelling in the left preauricular region. The case of the patient with hydatid disease that developed in the left preauricular region is presented in detail. Hydatid cyst in this location is rare.
Anatomical study of the variations in innervation of the orbicularis oculi by the facial nerve; While the divisions of the facial nerve in the face are well known, the innervation of the orbicularis oculi by the different distal branches of the facial nerve is poorly described. To determine which branches of the facial nerve play a role in this innervation, the facial nerve was dissected in 30 fresh cadavers. The innervation of this muscle was in the form of two plexuses, a superior one, most often (93%) formed by the union of the temporal and superior zygomatic branches, and an inferior one, usually formed (63%) by the union of the inferior zygomatic and superior buccal branches. This new mode of innervation explains how, without damage to both plexuses, innervation of orbicularis oculi by the facial nerve remains functional. It also explains the often unsatisfactory results of treatment of primary blepharospasm, and the unusual character of palsies of this muscle in cervicofacial lifts. © Springerrlag 2003.
Iatrogenic epidermal inclusion cyst of the parapharyngeal space: Unusual complication of ear surgery; A 46-year-old man presented with a 12-month history of a slow-growing mass at the right anterior temporal and superior parotid region. He had a history of chronic otitis media and had undergone a modified radical mastoidectomy for cholesteatoma 5 years earlier. Physical examination revealed a sinus tract and diffuse soft tissue mass measuring 4 cm in diameter spread throughout the region of the right anterior temporal and superior parotid areas. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed three separate masses, including contrast material in the right superior parotid region and lateral skull base. The patient underwent a preauricular infratemporal approach. Six months later, a sinus tract recurred at the inferior border of the right zygomatic arch. MRI showed multiple masses in the right prestyloid parapharyngeal space, which were resected through a transparotid approach. The histopathologic diagnosis was an epidermal inclusion cyst (EIC). One year after the operation the patient was in good health and there was no sign of disease. EICs are rare tumors that are seen when epidermal elements are included in the dermis, which can follow trauma. EICs are unusual in the parapharyngeal space. Thus, until they become clinically observable, primary benign growths may not be recognized in this region. EICs must be considered in the differential diagnosis of growths in the parapharyngeal space, particularly among patients with a prior history of tympanomastoid surgery on the tumor side. Copyright © 2004 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Vertigo: A practical approach; Dizziness is a common symptom and a systematic method is required to make a diagnosis from its many possible causes. This article describes an approach to the problem with emphasis on true vertigo and in particular its otological aetiology. Important points in the history as well as relevant physical signs are described together with some readily identifiable conditions and their management.
Clinical application of functional exercise and staged therapy in treatment of facial nerve paralysis; Aim: To study the clinical application of functional exercise of facial muscles and staged therapy in the treatment of facial nerve paralysis. Methods: Seventy-four patients with facial nerve paralysis were randomly divided into two groups. Forty-three patients in the trial group were treated with functional exercise, drugs, physical therapy and acupuncture by stages; While 31 patients in the control group were treated with drug, physical therapy and acupuncture by stages. The results of pre-treatment and post-treatment of both groups were evaluated according to Portmann's Simple Scale so as to improve indices for a comparison between the two groups. Results: There was no statistical difference in the scores for the function of facial muscles between the two groups before treatment[ (2.953 5 ± 1.825 1) vs (2.935 5 ± 2.264 7)]. The scores obtained from the post-treatment trail group were 18.720 9 ± 1.777 2, significantly higher than those from the control group(10.258 1 ± 3.759 1, t = -11.632, P < 0.01), as well as the improvement index(trail group: 0.842 0 ± 0.096 2; control group: 0.737 8 ± 0.148 6, t = -3.659, P < 0.01). Conclusion: The effect of functional exercise and staged therapy on facial nerve paralysis is notable, and the compliance of the patients is good.
Effects of aminoguanidine on the expression of NOS in facial nerve and surrounding tissues of traumatic facial paralysis rats; OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of inducible NOS inhibitor aminoguanidine on the expression of NOS in facial nerve and surrounding tissue of traumatic facial paralysis rats. METHODS: A small dose of aminoguanidine were intraperitoneally injected into rats before and after facial paralysis. The facial nerve and surrounding tissues were cut at different time point. Immunohistochemical ABC method was used to study the changes of NOS expression in facial nerve and surrounding tissues. RESULTS: The inducible NOS immunoreactivity was obvious inhibited in the facial nerve and surrounding tissues in aminoguanidine group. CONCLUSION: Aminoguanidine chronic treatment can obvious inhibit the inducible NOS expression in the facial nerve and surrounding tissues. Aminoguanidine can improve the regeneration of facial nerve and the recovery of traumatic tissues.
Experimental and clinical study on intraoperative monitoring of facial nerve; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to determine parameters that be predictive of function of facial nerve after facial nerve decompression surgery. METHOD: Fifteen New Zealand white rabbits (30 facial nerves) and 21 patients with peripheral facial paralysis were monitored intraoperatively during facial nerve decompression surgery. These patients were followed up for at least 6 months. RESULT: Threshold of EMG is a steady parameter of assessing the function of facial nerve. The threshold between different segments of facial nerve has no difference in New Zealand white rabbits. That there exist EMG events were correlated significantly with good postoperative facial nerve function. CONCLUSION: Threshold of EMG can be used as objective and steady parameter that assess the function of facial nerve. Intraoperative monitoring events can be used for assessment of postoperative facial nerve function.
Peripheral facial palsy in middle ear surgery: Case report and review of literature; We present a case of a patient who experienced right facial palsy after being operated for otosclerosis. Seventeen years before our patient had yet undergone the same operation on the controlateral ear and had presented a facial palsy. We also report another case of facial palsy and middle ear damage after an operation for otosclerosis. Facial palsy is a rare complication of middle ear surgery. It is probably caused by a viral relapse and it recedes after few weeks if a proper therapy is administrated to the patient. Thus we deem it is useless to perform immediately advanced, invasive and expensive tests. On the contrary we believe that it is useful, in those cases in which an otosclerotic patient has a history of herpes simplex virus infection, to administer a preventive antiviral therapy before the operation.
Acyclovir responsive brain stem disease after the Ramsay Hunt syndrome; We report an immunocompetent patient with the Ramsay Hunt syndrome (RHS) followed days later by brainstem disease. Extensive virological studies proved that varicella zoster virus (VZV) was the causative agent. Treatment with intravenous acyclovir resulted in prompt resolution of all neurological deficits except peripheral facial palsy. This case demonstrates that after geniculate zoster, brainstem disease may develop even in an immunocompetent individual and effective antiviral therapy can be curative. © 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Diagnostic image (171). A man with a painful red ear; A 50-year-old man presented with a painful and red swollen right ear, fever, iridocyclitis and a peripheral facial nerve palsy, due to relapsing polychondritis. Immunosuppressive therapy was successful.
Lacrimal canalicular bypass surgery with the Lester Jones tube; • PURPOSE: To analyze outcomes of lacrimal bypass surgery with the Lester Jones tube and to determine the level of patient satisfaction. • DESIGN: Interventional case series. • METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed the outcomes of 49 patients (42 patients) who underwent conjunctivodacryocystorhinostomy between 1984 and 2002. Data were obtained from medical records, semistructured phone interviews, and written questionnaires. • RESULTS: The causes of lacrimal obstruction were idiopathic and trauma, congenital agenesis, infection, inflammation, herpes, basal cell carcinoma, radiation therapy, penicillin-induced Steven-Johnsons syndrome, systemic chemotherapy, and facial nerve palsy. Patients had undergone previous failed lacrimal surgery in 21% of cases. Complete or significant improvement of epiphora was achieved in 94% of cases. Best results were obtained for trauma and herpetic obstruction. Complications were frequent and included extrusion, recurrent extrusion, malposition, obstruction, discomfort, infection, and diplopia. Of the 32 patients who were interviewed, 70% were satisfied with the result, 35% reported tube maintenance to be troublesome, and all patients were pleased with the esthetics of the Jones tube. • CONCLUSIONS: Conjunctivodacryocystorhinostomy with the insertion of a Jones tube can be expected to improve epiphora significantly in most cases and remains the standard treatment for canalicular obstruction. Complications occur in most cases, requiring replacement, repositioning, and cleaning of the tube by the ophthalmologist over an indefinite period of time. Despite frequent complications, patients will usually be satisfied if they obtain a comfortable, dry eye. If, however, a completely dry eye is not achieved, frequent complications may contribute to patient dissatisfaction. © 2004 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Brainstem calcification in Möbius syndrome; Möbius syndrome is characterized by congenital facial diplegia, and may be associated with limb or orofacial malformations. A number of mechanisms have been proposed to explain the pathogenesis, including prenatal ischemia. We identified seven children with Möbius syndrome over the 10-year interval 1992-2001, all of whom manifested incomplete bilateral facial palsy. Associated limb and orofacial anomalies were observed in six cases. Computed tomographic scans were available in six children, and five of them manifested brainstem calcification which was most prominent in the floor of the fourth ventricle. The calcification was detected as early as 7 days of age and did not change with time, suggesting a static condition of prenatal onset. These observations support the hypothesis that the pathology in Möbius syndrome is secondary to prenatal brain ischemia. © 2004 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
From toxin to adjuvant: The rational design of a vaccine adjuvant vector, CTA1-DD/ISCOM; Mucosally active vaccine adjuvants which will prime a full range of local and systemic immune responses against defined antigenic epitopes are much needed. Cholera toxin (CT) and lipophilic immune stimulating complexes (ISCOMs) containing Quil A can both act as adjuvants for orally administered antigens, but through separate pathways, as evidenced by the dependence on IL-12 for the effect of ISCOMs, whereas CT is independent of this cytokine. Unfortunately the toxicity of CT and recent findings of accumulation of CT in the olfactory nerve and bulb after intranasal administration precludes the clinical use of CT. However, we have been successful in separating the adjuvant and toxic effects of CT, by constructing a gene fusion protein, CTA1-DD, that combines the enzymatically active CTA1-subunit with a B cell targeting moiety, D, derived from Staphylococcus aureus protein A. The present review gives a background to mucosal immunization and the use of adjuvants in general, followed by a description of a strategy to rationally design a vaccine adjuvant vector that fulfils the criteria of targeting and immunomodulating innate immunity in order to boost a strong adaptive immune response. We have combined CTA1-DD and ISCOMs into a new highly promising vaccine adjuvant vector, CTA1-DD/ISCOMs. The combined vector is immunogenic when given by the subcutaneous, oral or nasal routes, inducing strong cell-mediated and humoral immune responses, including local mucosal IgA. It requires the ADP ribosylating property of the CTA1-enzyme and the effect of the combined vector greatly exceeded the effect of either ISCOMs or CT used alone. Antigens could be incorporated into or just admixed with the new vector. Thus, we have demonstrated that rationally designed vectors consisting of CTA1-DD and ISCOMS may provide a novel strategy for the generation of potent and safe mucosal vaccines.
Etiopathogenesis of cholesteatoma; Cholesteatoma is a destructive lesion of the temporal bone that gradually expands and causes complications by erosion of the adjacent bony structures. Bone resorption can result in destruction of the ossicular chain and otic capsule with consecutive hearing loss, vestibular dysfunction, facial paralysis and intracranial complications. Surgery is the only treatment of choice. The etiopathogenesis of cholesteatoma, however, is still controversial. This review was designed to understand the reasons for these disparities and to reduce or eliminate them. Future studies focused on developmental, epidemiological, hormonal and genetic factors as well as on treatment are likely to contribute to further understanding of cholesteatoma pathogenesis.
Malignant Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumor in the Anterior Skull Base Associated with Neurofibromatosis Type 1: Case Report; A 36-year-old man presented with a tumor in the anterior skull base manifesting as headache and visual disturbance. Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF-1) was identified in early childhood in the patient, and also in his father. Subtotal excision of the tumor was performed, leaving the portion extending outside of the cranium. The histological diagnosis was malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. Local radiotherapy was instituted postoperatively. Facial paralysis and dysphagia appeared 7 months after the first operation. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed new lesions in the lateral ventricle and around the brainstem. These tumors were also subtotally excised, but the patient died 10 months after the first operation. The tumor very likely originated from the meningeal branch of the trigeminal nerve. Treatment of such tumors developing inside the cranium should include the widest resection possible, followed by irradiation of the entire neuraxis including the spinal cord to inhibit dissemination through the cerebrospinal fluid. Treatment should be started as quickly as possible if the tumor is associated with NF-1, because of the poor prognosis associated with this condition.
Post-traumatic bilateral facial palsy: A case report and literature review; Bilateral facial paralysis due to basilar skull fracture involving the temporal bone is rare and, unlike unilateral facial palsy, it can be difficult to recognize because of a lack of facial asymmetry. Thorough clinical history and physical exam, high-resolution CT scan and electrodiagnostic tests can help to make the diagnosis of bilateral facial nerve palsy and early detection, evaluation and intervention may be important for optimal functional recovery. A 16-year-old male sustained closed head injury after motor vehicle collision. The initial head CT scan showed bilateral temporal bone fractures. On admission to the neurotrauma intensive care unit, his Glasgow Coma Score was 9T. On post-injury day 4, the patient was noted to have incomplete closure of both eyes and 3 days later he had difficulty with bilateral facial muscle movement during a feeding trial. Electrodiagnostic testing confirmed the diagnosis of bilateral facial nerve injury without evidence of significant distal axonal degeneration. A high-resolution CT scan showed bilateral temporal bone fractures without involvement of the fallopian canals. There was no surgical intervention based on the high-resolution CT scan and the delayed onset of facial palsy. A short course of prednisone was administered. By 10 months, the patient showed nearly complete recovery of his bilateral facial nerve function. Early detection, evaluation and intervention are important for optimal functional recovery after facial nerve injury. When the temporal bone is fractured, high suspicion for facial nerve injury, either unilateral or bilateral, is warranted.
Linear accelerator-based radiosurgery in the management of skull base meningiomas; From May 1994 to December 1999, 43 patients with meningiomas in the base of the skull underwent linear accelerator (LINAC)-based stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) at Chung Gung Memorial Hospital. SRS was performed as a primary treatment in 14 patients, and after resection in 29 patients. The mean tumor volume was 5.68 cc, and the mean target surface dose was 16 Gy, delivered with an average of three isocenters. The median follow-up was 74.5 months. The 7-year local control rate and 7-year overall survival rate were 89.7% and 80.2%, respectively. The 7-year local control was 100% and 84.4% in SRS alone group and surgical excision with SRS group (p = 0.21), respectively. A stationary tumor following SRS was seen in 23 (53.5%) patients, partial shrinkage was seen in 16 (37.2%) patients, and complete disappearance in one patient was seen (2.3%). Furthermore, disease progression was noted in three (7%) patients, one of whom died of disease. The median time to tumor response was 15.4 months (range 5.8-52.8 months). Cases remained stable or had improved neurological statuses without any deterioration in 37.9% and 78.7% of the groups treated with surgery and SRS and SRS alone, retrospectively. In summary, LINAC-based SRS is an effective and safe modality of treating unresectable or partially resected meningiomas in the base of the skull. For tumors with diameters of 3 cm or less, particularly in patients without or with minimal clinical neurological symptom, SRS alone can provide a good local control without causing cranial neuropathy.
Major salivary gland cancer; Major salivary gland cancers are rare, with many histologic types and subtypes. The tumor stage at presentation will dictate the need for imaging, FNA, and facial nerve monitoring. Immunohistochemistry has enhanced diagnosis. In addition, precise attention to surgical landmarks and technique will reduce complications. Tumor stage, histologic type, tumor grade, surgical margin, facial nerve dysfunction, perineural involvement, extraparenchymal spread, and nodal metastasis are factors influencing the indication for neck dissection, postoperative radiation therapy, and survival rate.
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy successfully treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy and cidofovir in an adolescent infected with perinatal human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy is an infectious demyelinating brain disease caused by the JC virus that is associated with significant morbidity and mortality in the immunocompromised host. We report a case of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy successfully treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy and cidofovir in an adolescent patient perinatally infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Wilms'-tumor in a case with Möbius' syndrome associated with arthrogryposis and mega cisterna magna; Möbius' syndrome is a rare congenital anomaly characterized by paralysis of the 7th and other cranial nerves and musculoskeletal abnormalities. We report a patient with Möbius' syndrome associated with arthrogryposis and mega cisterna magna in addition to the classic components of this syndrome. The case is interesting because she developed Wilms' tumor at 21 months of age. To our knowledge, this is the first case of this association reported in the literature.
Cheilitis granulomatosa of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Treatment with intralesional corticosteroid injections; Background: Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome may manifest as the classical triad (orofacial edema, facial nerve palsy and stable lingua plicata) but monosymptomatic manifestations or combinations of typical symptoms are not infrequent. The available therapeutic options provide only limited success or temporary benefit. Case report: A 20-year-old man presented with a 7-month history of recurrent episodes of swelling of the upper lip without pain, burning or local pruritus. No causative factors, such as food, drugs or latex, or physical, chemical or emotional conditions could be identified. The patient had been treated with oral antihistamines and corticosteroids with no clinical improvement. Physical examination showed firm edema without fovea, limited to the central area of the upper lip without epidermal changes or symptoms on palpation. The patient had a previous history of facial palsy 6 years previously and recurrent episodes of herpes simplex labialis. Skin prick tests with inhalant aeroallergens, food, latex and Anisakis allergens were negative. Laboratory investigation revealed normal complete blood count, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, thyroid hormones, biochemistry, complement components (C3, C4 and C1-esterase inhibitor) and CH50, rheumatoid factor, antinuclear antibodies, immune complexes, protein electrophoresis and immunoglobulins. Thorax and paranasal sinus radiographs were clear. Biopsy of the involved area of the lip showed edema with lymphocytic and plasma cell infiltration and mononuclear perivascular infiltrates without granulomas, suggesting initial granulomatous cheilitis. Because the patient showed lack of response and/or poor tolerance to prior treatments (deflazacort, clofazimine and metronidazole), intralesional triamcinolone injections were administered with satisfactory response from the first session. Conclusions: Response to available treatments for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is highly variable. In the present case, intralesional triamcinolone injections were effective.
A clinical study of the involvement of cranial nerves in leprosy; A clinical descriptive study was conducted to assess the frequency and pattern of involvement of cranial nerves in leprosy and to study the relationship of cranial nerve involvement with a leprosy patch or patches on facial skin. One hundred consecutive patients of leprosy, diagnosed by clinical features and/or slit skin smear and histopathology, were studied; of these, 22 patients had cranial nerve involvement. The mean age of patients with cranial nerve involvement was 41.2 years. 16 patients (72.7%) with cranial nerve involvement were in the age-group of 20-49 years. The male-to-female ratio was 3.4:1. The mean duration of the disease in these patients was 5.73 years. The duration of the disease in the majority of patients with cranial nerve involvement was less than 5 years. Impairment of cranial nerves was seen in 12 BT patients, 6 BL patients, and 4 LL patients. No significant difference was noted between involvement of cranial nerves in PB and MB patients. Among the cranial nerves, facial nerve was the most common nerve involved (10/22), followed by olfactory (9/22), trigeminal (7/22) and auditory (3/22) nerves. Among the risk factors, it was found that facial nerve impairment was significantly associated with facial patch(es) and also type 1 lepra reaction.
Results of treatment of cerebellar infarctions; PURPOSE: The aim of this study is to assess the treatment results in patients with cerebellar infarctions and attempt to determine the features influencing the results. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We have analysed 12 patients with cerebellar infarctions treated from 1987 to 1996. The patients were admitted to hospital in the period between 24 hours and 37 days after onset. The level of consciousness on admission was assessed according to the Glasgow Coma Scale and results of treatment were assessed according to the Glasgow Outcome Scale at the time of discharge. The CT, MR, angio-MR, cerebral arteriography, USG-Doppler and ECHO were the main diagnostic methods. All patients were treated medically; temporary external ventricular drainage or ventriculoperitoneal shunt were used when hydrocephalus had been found. The influence of the level of consciousness, stroke localisation and presence of hydrocephalus on the results of treatment were analysed. RESULTS: 2 patients were in coma on admission, 3 patients scored 13-14 points in GCS and 7 patients did not demonstrate any consciousness disturbances. On neurological examination patients showed cerebellar signs in 9 cases, hemiparesis in 4 cases, lower cranial nerve dysfunction in 3 cases, eyeball movement disorders, compulsory gaze deviation, hemihypoaesthesia, trigeminal nerve dysfunction, peripheral facial palsy in 2 cases each and deafness in 1 case. Infarctions were localised in the cerebellar hemisphere only in 7 cases, in the cerebellar hemisphere with vermian extension in 2 cases and in 3 cases in cerebellum with brain stem extension. Based on additional investigations atherosclerotic occlusion in 3 cases and embolism mechanism in 4 cases were found as causes of the stroke; in 5 cases the cause of stroke remained unknown. The hydrocephalus resulting from the obstruction of cerebrospinal flow pathways was found in 5 patients. 1 patient died, permanent neurological deficits (GOS: SD) were found in 2 patients, the treatment results were successful (GOS: MD + GR) in 9 patients. The infarctions with brain stem extension had the greatest influence on treatment results among all analysed features. The level of consciousness on admission and presence of hydrocephalus had less influence on treatment results. CONCLUSIONS: In all patients with consciousness disturbances the hydrocephalus was found. The stroke localisation had a great influence on treatment results: worst results were obtained in patients with infarcts extending onto the brain stem. The consciousness disturbances on admission and the presence of hydrocephalus had only a slight influence on the results of treatment.
Prognostic analysis of peripheral facial paralysis caused by tumor and operation; Aim: To analyze the effect of different factors on the prognosis of facial paralysis, and provide basis for the treatment and prognostic evaluation of peripheral facial paralysis caused by tumor and operation injury. Methods: Fifty-one patients with peripheral facial paralysis caused by tumor and operation were involved in this study. The relation between correlated factors, such as the degree of facial paralysis, age and occasion of therapy, methods of operation and treatment, tumor, and the prognosis of temporary peripheral facial paralysis was analyzed. Results: The more serious the facial paralysis was and the elder the patients were, the worse the recovery was. The earlier the operation after the appearance of facial paralysis was, the better the recovery was. The earlier the treatments of hormones and acupuncture were given to the patients with the appearance after operation, the better the recovery was. The prognosis was better in those took microsurgery. The patients with facial paralysis caused by different tumor can get different results. Conclusion: The temporary peripheral facial paralysis caused by tumor should be treated with microsurgery as early as possible, and timely treatment of hormones and acupuncture after operation, which are more important to those caused by chemical injury of tumor and the elder patients.
Effect of denervation degree test on the estimation of neurologic functional recovery in facial paralysis rehabilitation; Aim: To explore the effect of pathologic change of different denervation degree of facial nerve on its functional rehabilitation. Methods: The difference of threshold excitation of bilateral facial nerve of normal individuals was detected by nerve excitability tester, and the experiment was repeated. The denervation degree of subjects with facial paralysis (FP) was measured. Guinea pig model of FP in temporal bone was made. The liminal value of response of action potential before and after the facial nerve was squeezed was measured with evoked electromyography (EEMG), and the duration of the functional recovery of facial nerve was observed through blink reflex. The pathologic change of facial nerve was observed with transmission electron microscope (TEM). Results: One hundred and ninety cases were applied. The period from recovery to cure in the denervation negative group was (33.1 ± 21.3) d, and (63.3 ± 12.4) d in the denervation degree group I, (90.1 ± 11.7) d in the denervation degree group II; (210.2 ± 37.5)d in the denervation degree group III. There was a significant difference among the four groups(t = 2.676 - 3.973, P < 0.01). In the group with compressing teat of the facial nerve for 5 seconds, the recovery period of nerve excitability conduction and blink reflex was (60.75 ± 45.3) h. In the group with compressing for 15 seconds was (982.6 ± 36.6) h to recover nerve excitability conduction and(46 ± 12) d to recover the blink reflex. The nerve excitability and blinkreflex could not be restored in 30 seconds group. Mild separation of myelin sheath was observed in 5 seconds group and severe separation in 15 seconds group, destruction of myelin sheath and axon was observed in 30 seconds group. Conclusion: The degree of denervation is a marker for rehabilitative diagnosis of FP, and is related to the destruction degree of myelin sheath and axon.
A case report of acute polyradiculoneuritis developing after multiple injections of botulinum toxin for cervical dystonia; A 68-year-old man receiving four times of injection of botulinum toxin type A for cervical dystonia developed acute polyradiculoneuritis 10 weeks after the final injection. He had been complaining of paresthesia in four limbs after the second injection of the treatment. On neurological examination, bilateral facial palsy, bulbar palsy, difficulty of breath, flaccid paralysis of all limbs, sensory disturbance of all modality and areflexia in all limbs, and positive Lasèque sign were noted. Albuminocytological dissociation was present in the CSF and the conduction velocity was significantly impaired in all peripheral nerves examined. After receiving two times of intravenous high-dose IgG and two times of pulse therapy, his neurological deficits gradually improved. To our knowledge, this is the third case report of acute polyradiculoneuropathy developing after botulinum toxin therapy, suggesting that botulinum toxin therapy is involved in the pathogenesis in our case.
Meningiomas of the internal auditory canal; OBJECTIVE: Meningiomas arising primarily within the internal auditory canal (IAC) are notably rare. By far the most common tumors that are encountered in this region are neuromas. We report a series of eight patients with meningiomas of the IAC, analyzing the clinical presentations, surgical management strategies, and clinical outcomes. METHODS: The charts of the patients, including histories and audiograms, imaging studies, surgical records, discharge letters, histological records, and follow-up records, were reviewed. RESULTS: One thousand eight hundred meningiomas were operated on between 1978 and 2002 at the Neurosurgical Department of Nordstadt Hospital. Among them, there were 421 cerebellopontine angle meningiomas; 7 of these (1.7% of cerebellopontine angle meningiomas) were limited to the IAC. One additional patient underwent surgery at the Neurosurgical Department of the International Neuroscience Institute, where a total of 21 cerebellopontine angle meningiomas were treated surgically from 2001 to 2003. As a comparison, the incidence of intrameatal vestibular schwannomas during the same period, 1978 to 2002, was 168 of 2400 (7%). There were five women and three men, and the mean age was 49.3 years (range, 27-59 yr). Most patients had signs and symptoms of vestibulocochlear nerve disturbance at presentation. One patient had sought treatment previously for total hearing loss before surgery. No patient had a facial paresis at presentation. The neuroradiological workup revealed a homogeneously contrast-enhancing tumor on magnetic resonance imaging in all patients with hypointense or isointense signal intensity on T1- and T2-weighted images. Some intrameatal meningiomas showed broad attachment, and some showed a dural tail at the porus. In all patients, the tumor was removed through the lateral suboccipital retrosigmoid approach with drilling of the posterior wall of the IAC. Total removal was achieved in all cases. Severe infiltration of the facial and vestibulocochlear nerve was encountered in two patients. There was no operative mortality. Hearing was preserved in five of seven patients; one patient was deaf before surgery. Postoperative facial weakness was encountered temporarily in one patient. CONCLUSION: Although intrameatal meningiomas are quite rare, they must be considered in the differential diagnosis of intrameatal mass lesions. The clinical symptoms are very similar to those of vestibular schwannomas. A radiological differentiation from vestibular schwannomas is not always possible. Surgical removal of intrameatal meningiomas should aim at wide excision, including involved dura and bone, to prevent recurrences. The variation in the anatomy of the faciocochlear nerve bundle in relation to the tumor has to be kept in mind, and preservation of these structures should be the goal in every case.
Bilateral facial palsy in a case of leptospirosis; When returning from a 5-month trip to China, a 21-y-old Dutch male developed clinical signs, symptoms, and an antibody response compatible with leptospirosis. On d 15 of disease, he also developed facial palsy with a bilateral Bell's phenomenon. Facial palsy is a rare finding in leptospirosis, and if a causal relation exists, the delay of onset in the present case would suggest vasculitis rather than a direct neurotoxic effect. © 2004 Taylor & Francis.
Free proximal gracilis muscle and its skin paddle compound flap transplantation for complex facial paralysis; Gracilis functioning free-muscle transplantation for the correction of pure facial paralysis has been a preferred method used by many reconstructive microsurgeons. However, for complex facial paralysis, the deficits include facial paralysis along with soft-tissue, mucosa, and/or skin defects. No adequate solution has been proposed. Treatment requests in those patients are not only for facial reanimation but also for correction of the defects. Of 161 patients with facial paralysis treated with gracilis functioning free-muscle transplantation from 1986 to 2002, eight patients (5 percent) presented with complex deficits requiring not only facial reanimation but also aesthetic correction of tissue defects. The tissue defects included an intraoral defect created following contracture release (one patient), infra-auricular radiation dermatitis with contour depression (one patient), temporal depression following a temporalis muscle-fascia transfer (one patient), ear deformity (two patients), and infra-auricular atrophic tissue with contour depression (three patients). A compound flap, consisting of a gracilis muscle with its overlying skin paddle separated into two components, was transferred for simultaneous correction of both problems. The blood supply to the gracilis and to the skin paddle originated from the same source vessel and therefore required the anastomosis of only one set of vessels. The versatility of this compound flap allows for a wide arc of rotation of the skin paddle around the muscle. All flaps were transferred successfully without complications. Satisfactory results of facial reanimation were recorded in five patients after all stages were completed. The remaining three patients are undergoing physical therapy and waiting for revision of the skin paddle.
Neuroimaging emergencies; Neurological symptoms are a very frequent cause of consultation in emergency units and require consultation with neurologists and neuroradiologists. The most frequent diagnoses are stroke syndrome, seizure, headache, confusion, meningitis and meningo-encephalitis, and facial palsy. The morbidity and mortality of neurological emergencies are strongly related to prompt medical management of the patients which often requires neuroimaging studies. The most common neurological emergencies will be reviewed.
Facial palsy and central nervous system infection with varicella virus following adult chickenpox; Introduction. VZV virus-related peripheral neuropathies usually occur after shingles in adults and more rarely after chickenpox in childhood. Case report. A 54-year-old patient presented with a right VIIth nerve palsy following a chickenpox rash and recovered after antiviral treatment CSF analysis revealed lymphocytic meningitis and the virus was identified by PCK. Conclusions. Although previous chickenpox was not found in the patient's past history, the probability of reinfection is likely. The virus can be assumed to affect the nervous system directly; the axonal or demyelinating mechanism of the neuropathy may be discussed.
Facial baroparesis secondary to middle-ear over-pressure: A rare complication of scuba diving; A facial nerve palsy, as a result of middle-ear high pressure, is a rare complication of sub-aqua diving. It may occur as a result of an acute pressure change in the middle ear during ascent in those patients who have experienced difficulty equalizing their middle-ear pressure during the prior descent. We present the case history of this occurring in a 21-year-old diver and discuss the pathophysiology, management and the previous literature. The correct diagnosis of this condition is important if unnecessary, and potentially hazardous, recompression treatment is to be avoided.
Stereotactic radiotherapy for the treatment of acoustic neuromas; Object. The authors sought to assess the safety and efficacy of stereotactic radiotherapy when using a linear accelerator equipped with a micromultileaf collimator for the treatment of patients with acoustic neuromas. Methods. Fifty patients harboring acoustic neuromas were treated with stereotactic radiotherapy between September 1997 and June 2003. Two patients were lost to follow-up review. Patient age ranged from 20 to 76 years (median 59 years), and none had neurofibromatosis. Forty-two patients had useful hearing prior to stereotactic radiotherapy. The fifth and seventh cranial nerve functions were normal in 44 and 46 patients, respectively. Tumor volume ranged from 0.3 to 19.25 ml (median 2.51 ml). The largest tumor dimension varied from 0.6 to 4 cm (median 2.2 cm). Treatment planning in all patients included computerized tomography and magnetic resonance image fusion and beam shaping by using a micromultileaf collimator. The planning target volume included the contrast-enhancing tumor mass and a margin of normal tissue varying from 1 to 3 mm (median 2 mm). All tumors were treated with 6-MV photons and received 54 Gy prescribed at the 90% isodose line encompassing the planning target volume. A sustained increase greater than 2 mm in any tumor dimension was defined as local relapse. The follow-up duration varied from 6 to 74 months (median 36 months). The local tumor control rate in the 48 patients available for follow up was 100%. Central tumor hypodensity occurred in 32 patients (67%) at a median of 6 months following stereotactic radiotherapy. In 12 patients (25%), tumor size increased 1 to 2 mm at a median of 6 months following stereotactic radiotherapy. Increased tumor size in six of these patients was transient. In 13 patients (27%), tumor size decreased 1 to 14 mm at a median of 6 months after treatment. Useful hearing was preserved in 39 patients (93%). New facial numbness occurred in one patient (2.2%) with normal fifth cranial nerve function prior to stereotactic radiotherapy. New facial palsy occurred in one patient (2.1%) with normal seventh cranial nerve function prior to treatment. No patient's pretreatment dysfunction of the fifth or seventh cranial nerve worsened after stereotactic radiotherapy. Tinnitus improved in six patients and worsened in two. Conclusions. Stereotactic radiotherapy using field shaping for the treatment of acoustic neuromas achieves high rates of tumor control and preservation of useful hearing. The technique produces low rates of damage to the fifth and seventh cranial nerves. Long-term follow-up studies are necessary to confirm these findings.
Trigeminal neuralgia: Percutaneous procedures; Percutaneous destructive procedures include radiofrequency rhizotomy, glycerol rhizotomy, and trigeminal balloon compression. These procedures are best offered to patients who cannot undergo microvascular decompression or gamma knife radiosurgery or who fail the latter procedures. They are especially utilized in elderly patients in poor medical condition and in the treatment of trigeminal neuralgia associated with multiple sclerosis. All percutaneous destructive procedures cause injury to trigeminal rootlets. Under fluoroscopic guidance, a needle is inserted into the foramen ovale. In radiofrequency rhizotomy, an electrode that can deliver radiofrequency energy is advanced behind the ganglion into the painful trigeminal rootlets, causing thermal destruction of especially small myelinated fibers. In glycerol rhizotomy, glycerol in injected into the trigeminal cistern causing chemical injury to various trigeminal rootlets. In balloon compression, a #4 fogarty balloon is advanced into the porus trigeminus. When inflated, the balloon compresses the trigeminal rootlets against the dura, causing a mechanical injury to especially the large myelinated fibers. All percutaneous destructive procedures achieve a high rate of immediate initial pain relief and are associated with various rates of pain recurrence. Significant dysesthesia is the main potential complication that should be avoided by meticulous attention to details.
Percutaneous cordotomy, tractotomy, and midline myelotomy: Minimally invasive stereotactic pain procedures; In medical practice, each time span has a dogma of that period. Now, in the science and technology age, one particular dogma is very extensively accepted and used in pain practice. There is a general belief in neurosurgical practice that lesioning of the pain conducting system is accepted as ablative and dangerous. This idea is a dogma and it is wrong. In modern times, modern stereotactic pain surgery is performed in three important steps. First, morphology and localization of the pain conducting pathways are demonstrated with special imaging techniques; the surgeon approaches the target percutaneously by a specially designed needle electrode system. Second, the function of the target and surrounding structures can be defined by stimulation just after the target is totally, partially, or selectively destroyed by radiofrequency lesion. Third, lesioning of the system is controlled at every step of the procedure. These procedures are applied with morphological real-time demonstration, physiological evaluation of the target, and, finally, controlled lesioning. In this way, this surgery is performed safely and effectively. In this paper, I describe the techniques of this method based on a 17-year experience with three different stereotactic destructive procedures: CT-guided percutaneous cordotomy, trigeminal tractotomy, and extralemniscal myelotomy.
Treatment of acute mastoiditis: Report of 31 cases over a ten year period; Objective: With possible extracranial and intracranial complications, acute mastoiditis is the leading complication of acute otitis media (AOM). The goal of this study is to assess the clinical features, pathogens, complications and especially management of acute mastoiditis in the ENT service, University Hospital of Strasbourg, France. Methods: Systematic review of all medical records of patients who were admitted with acute mastoiditis from January 1993 to April 2003. Results: 31 patients, 18 male (58%) and 13 female (42%) fulfilled inclusion criteria. The average age was 16, going from 6 months to 70 years, with 55% between 0 to 5 years. Most common symptom was otalgia (84%), 58% of patients had history of past AOM and 61% were under antibiotic therapy during admission. Twenty-three patients (74%) presented retro-auricular swelling and erythema. 18 (58%) had a displaced pinna. Cultures taken from pus isolated Streptococcus pneumoniae in 12 cases (38.7%), Pseudomonas aeruginosa in 2 cases (6.4%), Streptococcus beta-haemolyticus 1 case, Staphylococcus coagulase-positive 1 case and Mycobacterium tuberculosis hominis 1 case (3%). Complications of acute mastoiditis occurred in 3 cases (10%): Meningitis 2 cases and facial nerve paralysis 1 case. Surgery therapy was performed in 84% of cases (mastoidectomy only or in combination with myringotomy with tube insertion) and medical therapy only in 16% of cases. Conclusion: Despite use of antibiotics, acute mastoiditis remains still a threat for patients with AOM, especially for children under 5 years of age. Great care is required from clinicians to make an early diagnosis in order to promote adequate management and prevent complications.
Telemedicine physician providers: Augmented acute stroke care delivery in rural Texas: An initial experience; We describe the first report of intravenous thrombolytic therapy for acute ischemic stroke given by a rurally based advanced practice nurse (APN) with a telemedicine team of an emergency physician and stroke specialists. A three-way T1 connection between the APN in Dickerson Memorial Hospital in Jasper, TX, the Houston, TX-based Emtel emergency physician, and the University of Texas-Houston Stroke Team physicians facilitated tissue plasminogen activator treatment 80 min into the patient's ischemic stroke, which was manifested by dysarthria, facial palsy, and near-total left-body hemiplegia (NIH Stroke Scale = 9). She was transferred to Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston for further care. Within 24 h, her neurologic deficits resolved (NIH Stroke Scale = 0), and she was discharged home within 3 days. This represents successful acute stroke care given by an APN under supervision of a telemedicine physician team and may be an option for underserved areas. Educational training of health care providers remains the key for acute stroke care delivery. This case report illustrates a model for telemedicine that has been cost-effective for rural medical care.
Embolization for the treatment of idiopathic posterior epistaxis; Background: The goal of this study was to examine safety and efficacy of transarterial embolization for the treatment of idiopathic posterior epistaxis. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted to characterize the underlying conditions of eighty-one consecutive patients for whom complete records were available presenting with posterior epistaxis, the associated risk factors for patients with idiopathic posterior epistaxis, and the success rate of embolization in this patient population. Results: One hundred consecutive patients undergoing embolization for epistaxis were identified and 81 patients were included in the analysis. Nineteen patients did not have sufficient and retrievable medical records to be included in the study. Idiopathic posterior epistaxis was the most common underlying etiology of patients with refractory posterior epistaxis (34%). Hypertension, vascular disease, and diabetes were frequently detected comorbid diseases. Patients were equally as likely to be hypertensive as normotensive at the time of presentation (45 and 55%, respectively). Most patients (83%) had failed at least one prior treatment modality. Few patients had a recurrence of epistaxis within 72 hours (three patients [12%]) or had an adverse effect associated with embolization (three patients [12%]). Conclusion: Embolization for the treatment of posterior epistaxis is a safe and effective treatment modality. Copyright © 2004, OceanSide Publications, Inc., U.S.A.
Surgical treatment of glomus jugulare tumors without rerouting of the facial nerve: an infralabyrinthine approach.; OBJECT: Glomus jugulare tumors are benign lesions located in the jugular foramen that may or may not extend into the middle ear, petrous apex, and upper neck; these growths sometimes invade intradurally. The surgical management of these tumors is a challenge to neurosurgeons and skull base surgeons. Because of their abundant vascularity, deep location, complex anatomy, and difficult surgical approach, their treatment, has been a controversial issue for many years. Despite advancements in nonsurgical techniques, the only treatment with proven efficacy is radical surgical removal. The authors present a series of patients treated with radical removal, in which the feasibility of removing glomus jugulare tumors with low morbidity and a surgical approach limited to tumor removal are discussed. The extent of surgical exposure is tailored with emphasis placed on the routine anterior transposition of the facial nerve. METHODS: Between May 1997 and March 2004, 24 patients with glomus jugulare tumors were treated; 17 patients were women and seven were men. Their mean age at the time of diagnosis was 50 years (range 18-71 years). The most common symptom was hearing loss in 77%, followed by dysphagia and dysphonia in 55% of patients. In seven patients the clinical presentation was a facial palsy. Radical tumor removal was achieved in 23 patients. An anterior facial nerve transposition was not needed in any case. No surgery-related death was recorded in this series, although one patient died of a pulmonary embolism 70 days after the procedure. A one-stage procedure was performed in 23 patients and a two-stage procedure was used in the other patient. Cerebrospinal fluid leakage occurred in two patients. The lower cranial nerve function was worse in eight patients; however, only one had a new deficit. The facial nerve was preserved in all patients except one, in whom a large intradural tumor caused a temporary facial palsy. In the patients with preoperative facial palsy, the tumor only compressed the nerve in three and it invaded the nerve in four. The nerve was decompressed in the cases with no invasion and a graft was placed in the others. The greater auricular nerve was used as a graft in three and the sural nerve was used in one. On follow-up review, the facial nerve function was House-Brackmann Grade 3 in three patients and Grade 2 in three. After 6 months of follow up with no improvement, one patient was referred for a facial muscle transfer. CONCLUSIONS: The surgical technique must be tailored to each case. The authors believe that the standard surgical approach to jugular foramen tumors with anterior transposition of the facial nerve should be avoided, and that the extent of surgical exposure must be tailored to each case based on the extent of the tumor and the clinical symptoms. Lower morbidity rates and radical removal can be achieved with a good surgical plan.
Traumatic facial paralysis's study: Clinical and surgical review; Traumatic facial paralysis is the second more common cause of facial impairment. Study design: Chart review. Material and method: A retrospective review of 82 patients with facial paralysis was conducted from January 1990 to January 1999. Results: From this group 54 were males (65.8%) and 28 females (34.2%), patients' age ranged from 2 to 75 years (mean age 30.9 y). The kind of trauma was iatrogenic in 15 (18.22%); penetrating injuries into the face in 2 (2.44%); temporal bone fractures in 50 (60.97%); gunshot injuries in 14 (17.07%) and birth injury in 1 (1.22%). There were 71 sudden paralysis (86.5%), 10 progressive paralysis (12.3%) and 1 at birth (1.22%). The beginning electrical tests were symmetrical in 32 (43.84%) and with markedly decreased response in 41 (56.16%). The symmetrical ones had complete recovery in 24, 80% of recovery in 6 and 60% of recovery in 2; the asymmetrical ones with decreased response, only 5 recoveries completely. Conclusion: 1. There was greater male incidence; 2. There were more sudden paralysis and they recovered better than the progressives; 3. There were more patients with temporal trauma with fractures and they recovery better than the others; 4. The electrical tests could give the prognoses to the facial paralysis patient; 5. The worst cases of facial paralysis received more aggressive treatment, with good results.
Bilateral peripheric facial nerve palsy in acute linfoid leukemia: A case report; The facial mimic is very important to the human expression and communication, which depend on the integrity of the facial nerve. So, the peripheric facial palsy (PFP) can leave esthetics, functional and psychological sequelae. The more common etiology is Bell's palsy (50 to 80%) and most of the patients show a unilateral manifestation. The simultaneous bilateral PFP is rare, and the leukemia is the neoplasia that can often that kind of manifestation. We present a clinical case of an 18-year-old patient with acute lymphoid leukemia and simultaneous bilateral facial palsy, who did not recover after the chemotherapy treatment, and died five months after the initial manifestation of the facial palsy. Important considerations were accomplished about the physiopathology of PFP in acute lymphoid leukemia, besides literature review.
Emergency extracranial-to-intracranial bypass after thromboembolic occlusion of the middle cerebral artery following GDC embolization of a ruptured ACoA aneurysm; We report a case of thromboembolic occlusion of the middle cerebral artery after endovascular treatment of a ruptured anterior communicating artery aneurysm. When fibrinolytic therapy failed to recanalize the occluded vessel, an emergency extracranial-to-intracranial bypass was performed. This intervention rescued our patient from cerebral infarction. This case demonstrates the importance of the offering this procedure at neurointerventional centers.
Guillain-Barre syndrome in children and adolescents - A retrospective analysis; In this study, 55 cases of Guillain- Barre syndrome (GBS) in children and adolescents of 2-18 years of age were analysed retrospectively to study the clinical profile and to evaluate the prognostic value of reduced compound muscle action potential (CMAP) on the need for ventilation and functional outcome. Of the 28 boys and 27 girls 87.3% were bed-bound at peak deficit. Other features were as follows: Bifacial weakness-75%, bulbar weakness-56.4%., need for assisted ventilation-41.8% and albuminocytological dissociation-65.9%. In the ventilated and non-ventilated group no difference was noted in the incidence of reduced CMAP amplitude (p-value > 0.5). At 3 months 83.3% and at 6 months 80.8% cases were ambulant with support. Reduced CMAP amplitude of less than 20% of the lower limit of the normal in at least 2 nerves did not predict the need for ventilation or the chance of independent walking at 3 or 6 months.
Hyperacusis and peripheral facial paralysis correlation (Bell's palsy); Bell's palsy is a unilateral facial paralysis of sudden onset and unknown causes. It may affect salivation, taste and lacrimation depending on the site of facial nerve involvement. Patients can report supersensitive hearing. The stapedius reflex is absent in-patients with Bell's palsy. Aim: The objective of this study was to check if patients with Bell's palsy present hyperacusis. Study design: Clinical prospective. Material and Method: Eighteen patients with peripheral facial paralysis were randomly selected and examined. A complete ENT evaluation was performed, including Hilger facial nerve stimulator, Schirmer's test, electrogustometry, pure tone testing, speech audiometry, immitance testing and uncomfortable loudness levels. The group aged 31-40 years was the most affected by peripheral facial paralysis in this sample. Results: The incidence was higher in females (61%). The right side of the face was involved in 56% of patients. As to local involvement, grade IV was observed in 44% of cases and grades III and V in 28% of patients each. Only one patient (5.5%) complained of hyperacusis. All patients studied presented reduced tolerance threshold in the audiometric graphs, and the stapedius reflex protects these patients, in average, by 16dB. Conclusion: Therefore, we could conclude that the frequency of complaints of hyperacusis in-patients with Bell's palsy is similar to that of the general population; however, in audiometric terms, the tolerance threshold in the paralyzed side is lower as compared with the normal side.
Necrotizing external otitis with periferic bilateral facial palsy: Case report and literature review; Necrotizing external otitis (NEO), known in the past as malignant external otitis, is a potencial letal infection which begins usually in the external ear canal and spreads to the base of the skull. It occurs mainly in diabetic elderly patients who despite prolonged antibioticotherapy is associated to high morbidity and significant mortality. The authors present a case of an adult diabetic patient who developed NOE associated with bilateral periferic facial palsy evoluting with cure of the infection but without facial improvement.
Primary central nervous system vasculitis presented with recurrent cerebral hemorrhagic infarction: A case report; Primary central nervous system vasculitis is frequently presented with headache, confusion and stroke symptoms. In neuroradiologic evaluation intraparenchymal and subarachnoid bleeding, hemorrhagic cortical infarction and clinical presentation with focal motor seizure were rarely reported. We reported a 45 years old female patient who presented with headache, nausea, vomiting and weakness of right arm and leg. At her past history she had a left hemiparesis as a result of cerebrovascular disease. At her neurologic examination parcial sensorial aphasia, dysartri, right central facial paralysis and hemiparesis were present. At the second day of her hospitalization, she had a focal motor and two generalized tonic-clonic seizure. In her laboratory evaluation positive results for systemic vasculitis were absent. In CT and MRI evaluation there was chronic reabsorbed area at the right temporoparietal region accompanied with multiple cortical lobular hemorrhagic infarction area at left posterior parietal region. In digital substraction angiography (DSA) there was irregularity and occlusion in the anterior cerebral artery perfusion area. We treated her with 1 gr/day parenterally methylprednisolone for 7 consequctive days and continue with oral methylprednisolone. After the startment of treatment she no longer had seizures and her neurologic condition improved. We present this case because we believe focal motor seizure with recurrent hemorrhagic cortical infarction is a rare presentation for primary central nervous system vasculitis.
The successful recanalization of the middle cerebral artery with direct injection of fibrinolythic agent (rTPA) - Case report; Background: The embolic stroke essentially affects one of the middle cerebral arteries. The patients are generally individuals with risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension or transient ischemick attacks. Based on scientific papers published since fibrinolythic therapy has been introduced in 1983, one could say that the best time to introduce the therapy is 6 hours after the onset of the stroke. Case Report: The condition of a 46-year-old woman rapidly deteriorated. After a headache the patient become unconscious. The woman was admitted to hospital with suspected subarachnoid hemorrhage. The clinical evaluation revealed left-sided spastic haemiparesis, paresis of the VII right cranial nerve, and symptoms of meningitis (Hunt&Hess III, GCS 10 pts.). The CT examination and lumbar punction provided no significant data or revealed pathology. The arteriography, performed in the Seldinger technique with right femoral approach, revealed an embolic stroke of right middle cerebral artery. Using the Smagic micocatheter, the Actilyse (Boehringer Ingelheim) was administered directly to the embolic vessel in overall dose of 50 mg in fractioned manner (diluted with 50cc of water for injections) over the time of 30 minutes. The control examination showed recanalization of the cerebral artery. The patient's condition improved gradually during the first day of hospitalization. On the second day, the woman was mobilized and started to walk. For therapeutic purposes the hypervolemy and anticoagulants were introduced (Fraxiparine, Acard). The authors have not found such a case recorded in Polish literature so far. Therefore they hope that this case report is the first one to be presented in Poland. Conclusions: The direct administration of the fibrynolithyc agent (intraarterial injection) allowed us to obtain full therapeutic effect in case of embolic stroke.
Perineural invasion of the facial nerve by a cutaneous squamous cell cancer: A case report; We report a case of perineural invasion of the facial nerve by a cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in a 59-year-old man who presented with a slowly progressive facial paralysis. We performed a distal facial nerve dissection and a simple mastoidectomy with facial recess exposure for resection to negative margins. We also performed a simultaneous facial reconstruction and reanimation procedure with excellent results. External-beam radiation completed the treatment regimen. In addition to describing this case, we review current concepts in diagnosis and therapy, as well as the historical background of malignant perineural invasion of the cranial nerves.
Reconstruction of facial deformities in leprosy patients; Almost all the parts of the face may be involved in deformities caused by leprosy. Reconstructive surgery can be undertaken after the disease is arrested by medical treatment. Reconstruction of nose can be done by augmentation with autogenous bone graft, retronasal inlay graft, etc. Loss of eyebrows can be reconstructed with hair bearing skin with hair follicles. Sagging face can be corrected by nasolabial face-lift with correction of glabellar folds. Blepharoplasty is done for correction of some conditions. The temporal muscle sling is a dynamic procedure to reconstruct facial nerve palsy.
[Long-term results after the correction of the paralytic ectropion caused with leprosy in 115 eyes].; To analyze the long-term results after the correction of the paralytic ectropion in leprosy. Seventy-four patients with 115 paralytic ectropion eyes after leprosy were treated with the surgical procedures included medial canthoplasty, medial canthal tendon plication, lateral tarsal strip, medial canthal resection, lateral canthoplasty, and lid shortening. The results were evaluated with the follow-ups from 2 to 4 years. The eye-redness was reduced from 93 to 40 while the epiphora from 107 eyes (24 mild, 36 moderate and 47 severe) to 90 (40 mild, 32 moderate and 18 severe). The mean lid gap in mild eye closure was reduced from 6.8 mm to 5.3 mm and the cornea lesion was reduced from 53 to 36. The results were excellent in 18 eyes (15.7%), good in 45 eyes (39.1%), fair in 41 eyes (35.7%) and poor in 11 eyes (9.6%). However, the mean visual acuity remained same pre- and postoperatively. Surgical correction of ectropion is helpful for cornea protection and could improve the signs and symptoms of the eyes such as epiphora and red [abstract truncated].
Peroperative monitoring during microvascular decompression for facial hemispasm and trigeminal neuralgia; Syndromes of vascular cranial nerve compression are treatable surgically with microvascular decompression (MVD). In order to lower the occurrence of unsuccessful procedures and early recurrences, intraoperative monitoring is utilised. In facial hemispasm (HFS), ephaptic transmission and abnormal muscle response of mimic muscles are monitored. In trigeminal neuralgia (TN), trigeminal evoked potentials (TSEP) are monitored. As responses that allow evaluation we consider those that are "near-field", registered directly from trigeminal root in the cerebellopontine angle. The aim of this work was to create a methodology suitable for intraoperative monitoring MVD of the trigeminal nerve, as it is in facial hemispasm.
Neuro-Ehrlichiosis: A new tick-borne disease with nervous system involvement?; Human granulocytic ehrlichiosis (HGE) is an emerging tick-borne infectious disease found in Europe, the United States, and other regions where Ixodes ticks and Lyme disease are endemic. HGE typically presents with myalgia, fever and nausea. Only a few single cases of HGE predominantly manifesting with neurological symptoms and signs have been described to date. The prevalence of this "neuro-ehrlichiosis" (NE) is not known and a systematic search for NE in patients with neurological deficits has not yet been performed. As both mode of transmission and clinical neurological presentations of HGE are similar to those of neuroborreliosis (NB) we analyzed 47 inpatients of a neurological tertiary care facility in South-eastern Austria in which NB was suspected but not confirmed by stringent diagnostic criteria. In five patients - two patients with radiculoneuritis, two with polyradiculoneuritis (one of which with Guillain Barré syndrome) and one with peripheral facial nerve palsy - antibodies to Ehrlichia equi related agents (HGE-agents) were detected by means of indirect immunofluorescent antibody assay and in four this was confirmed by Western blot. We suspect that in tick endemic areas of Central Europe HGE may be responsible for neurological deficits but further large scale prospective studies of seroprevalence in neurological patients are needed to make it an established differential diagnosis of NB.
Unilateral facial paralysis and keratitis sicca, signs of temporohyoid osteoarthropathy in the horse; A 9-year-old Dutch Warmblood mare was presented with a history of abnormal behaviour and acute facial nerve paralysis on the left side. Clinical examination revealed a slight head tilt and a corneal ulcer of the left eye. The base of the left ear was warm and painful. Endoscopic examination of the left guttural pouch showed thickening of the proximal part of the stylohyoid bone. Computer tomography revealed a left-sided prominent bony enlargement of the middle and proximal part of the stylohyoid bone and the tympanic bulla, fusion of the temporrhoid joint, and osseous proliferation of the pars petrosa of the temporal bone. The diagnosis was confirmed postmortem. The literature concerning the anatomy, clinical signs, and therapy of temporrhoid osteoarthropathy is discussed.
Prevention and monitoring of adverse events following immunization: The "Green Channel" of the Veneto region in Italy; Measures to improve vaccine safety are essential for successful immunization programs. Therefore, an activity for vaccine adverse events prevention and surveillance, named the Green Channel, was established in the Veneto ion of Italy in 1992. This report summarizes the results of 10 years activity of a specialized pre-vaccination counseling service, offered to 543 selected at risk individuals referred for prior AEFIs or suspected contraindications (CI) to vaccine administration. Furthermore, data on 1762 AEFIs reported in this region are analyzed and discussed. This joint activity appeared effective and it is proposed as a model. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment of facial nerve paralysis using static suspension methods; After the injury of facial nerve, facial muscles are subjected to complex series of biochemical and histological changes, which lead to muscular atrophy if reinnervation is not restored. Facial palsy is very difficult to manage completely. Regardless this fact, the plan of correction has to be directed towards the following: restoration of normal function, normal facial appearance at rest, symmetry in voluntary movements as well as symmetry in involuntary and emotional movements. Static suspension methods were used in our study. All patients had unilateral complete facial nerve palsy but one female patient who experienced the palsy of frontal branch of n.facialis. This method was successfully used to lift the eyebrow, the lid and to improve lagophthalmus on the paralytic side, then the angle and paralytic part of the lip, to reinforce buccal wall of oral cavity as well as to reconstruct new nasolabial fold. The results were satisfactory and permanent.
Management of a patient with Möbius syndrome: a case report.; Möbius syndrome is a rare congenital disorder with the primary diagnostic criteria of congenital facial and abducent nerve palsy. Orofacial anomalies and limb malformations may be associated with the disorder. Involvement of other cranial nerves also is common. Occasionally, the V, X, XI, and XII cranial nerves are involved, resulting in difficulty of chewing, swallowing, and coughing, which often leads to respiratory complications. Mental retardation and autism have been reported in some cases. An 18-year-old Hispanic male came to the General Practice Residency clinic at the University of Illinois at Chicago for dental treatment. The patient had a history of Möbius syndrome, mental retardation, and behavioral problems. Because of acute situational anxiety and violent behavior, we arranged for the patient to have general anesthesia while we provided complete oral rehabilitation. This article discusses the treatment of a patient, including special considerations taken during anesthesia and dental management. A review of the special challenges concerning patients with such a condition are reviewed.
Combined Supra- and Infratentorial Transpetrosal Approach in Petroclival Lesions; The petroclival region is located in the skull base. Because of its depth and vital structures adjacent and within it, surgical exposure was difficult and often questionable in past years. Access to this region has been achieved recently by several newly described approaches. The transpetrosal surgical approach has been applied and evaluated in the treatment of petroclival lesions at the Shiraz Neurosurgery Center. In a prospective study from March 1991 to March 2001, 20 patients were operated on by the combined supra- and infratentorial transpetrosal approach. Fourteen patients were female and 6 were male, with an age range from 5 to 60 years. Access to the lesion, symptoms, signs, type of pathology, extent of resection, location of tumor, complications, and mortality were determined and compared with outcomes of other studies. The most common symptom was headache, the most common sign was facial hypesthesia, and the most common postoperative complication was abducens palsy. Access to the lesion was achieved in all cases. The extent of resection was gross total (45%), subtotal (30%), and partial (25%) in comparison with other studies that reported ranges from 35% to 85%, from 29% to 47%, and 31%, respectively. Eleven (55%) patients developed complications, and there was 1 (5%) mortality compared with other studies that have reported approximately 50% complications and 0% to 10% mortality. The advantages of the transpetrosal approach are 100% accessibility, wide and excellent exposure, short distance from the brain surface, acceptable complications, and low mortality. This approach is suggested for petroclival lesions.
Facial nerve anomalies in association with congenital hearing loss; Objective: Facial nerve (FN) anomalies are exceedingly rare. The association between a hearing loss and an anomalous facial nerve has never been touched deeply in the literature. The aim of this study is to report facial nerve anomalies in patients presenting with congenital hearing loss (COHL) and/or facial nerve palsy. Methods: A retrospective chart review over 10 years from two academic tertiary referral centers. Eight patients were diagnosed with facial nerve anomalies in association with congenital hearing loss. The age ranged from 7 months to 13 years. Results: Five patients had conductive congenital hearing loss (CCHL). Two had congenital sensorineural hearing loss (CSNHL). The eighth patient had a mixed hearing loss (MHL). Surgical findings for patients with conductive congenital hearing loss included facial nerve passing inferior to oval window (OW) (two patients), facial nerve covering head of stapes (three patients), deformed stapes (two patient), deformed incus (two patient), and absent incus (one patient). Radiological findings for patients with congenital sensorineural hearing loss and mixed hearing loss include, single cavity anomaly (one patient), dilated vestibule and superior semicircular canal (one patient), and absent internal auditory canal (IAC) (two patients). For patients with conductive congenital hearing loss, the radiological findings consistency demonstrates a soft tissue opacification in the middle ear. Conclusions: Congenital hearing loss may be associated with facial nerve anomalies. Pediatric otolaryngologists should be cautious when exploring patients with conductive congenital hearing loss. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hiccups, eructation, and other uncommon prodromal manifestations of herpes zoster; Although the most frequent presentation of herpes zoster involves sensory neurons, motor and autonomic symptomatology is also known to occur in this disease. An unusual symptom of hiccups is described here. Other infrequent manifestations of this common illness, including the Ramsay Hunt syndrome, herpes zoster ophthalmicus, urinary and fecal retention, sexual dysfunction, and zoster sine herpete, are reviewed. Greater awareness of unusual presentations of herpes zoster is necessary for proper diagnosis and timely management of complications that may otherwise lead to disability and serious long-term sequelae.
One-stage Removal of Residual Intracanalicular Acoustic Neuroma and Hemihypoglossal-intratemporal Facial Nerve Anastomosis: Technical Note; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: Incomplete removal of residual intracanalicular tumor and injury to the facial nerve are the main problems associated with surgery of large acoustic neuromas via the retromastoid suboccipital approach. In patients with residual or recurrent intracanalicular neuromas, the translabyrinthine approach is the preferred surgical route, allowing complete tumor removal; it may eventually also be used for exposure of the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve for a hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis when a postoperative facial palsy exists. This one-stage procedure has not been described previously. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: Three patients with postoperative facial palsy and residual intracanalicular tumor after surgical removal of a large acoustic neuroma via the retromastoid suboccipital approach underwent reoperation via the translabyrinthine approach and one-stage removal of the residual tumor and hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis. All three patients had a complete facial palsy of House-Brackmann Grade VI and a residual tumor of 8 to 12 mm. TECHNIQUE: A classic translabyrinthine approach was used to open the internal auditory canal and remove the residual intracanalicular tumor. The facial nerve was exposed in its mastoid and tympanic parts, mobilized, and transected; then, the long nerve stump was transposed into the neck and used for an end-to-side anastomosis into the hypoglossal nerve. The operation resulted in variable improvement of the facial muscle function up to Grade III (one patient) and Grade IV (two patients). CONCLUSION: Reoperation via the translabyrinthine approach is indicated for removal of residual intracanalicular acoustic neuroma and realization of a hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis in a single procedure. It is suggested that this type of anastomosis may also be used during the initial operation for acoustic neuroma removal when the facial nerve is inadvertently sectioned.
Salivary duct carcinoma; Salivary duct carcinoma (SDC) is a highly malignant tumor that is histologically similar to ductal carcinoma of the breast. This article presents the clinicopathologic features of 15 patients with SDC arising in the salivary glands. The majority of patients were male and aged 65 years or older. The tumor was most often located in the parotid gland. Pain, facial palsy, and presence of calcification in the CT scan were diagnostic features suggestive of SDC. Histologically, 27% of the tumors arose from pre-existing pleomorphic adenoma. Perineural and lymphatic invasion were common findings. There was an extensive cervical lymph node involvement (73%). Distant metastasis was the most common cause of failure. Although SDC exhibits an unpredictable clinical course, total parotidectomy with neck dissection and adjunctive radiation therapy appear to be appropriate for local and regional control of this aggressive neoplasm.
Management of Malignant Otitis Externa; Objective: The aim of this study was to present our experience with the management of Malignant Otitis Externa. Design: Retrospective clinical study. Methods: All patients' records with malignant otitis externa during last 6 years (1997-2002) were retrieved and reviewed. The following investigations were done: Diabetes Mellitus Profile (DM), Erythrocytes Sedimentation Rate (ESR), Ear Swab for culture and sensitivity (C/S), Computed Tomography (CT) and scintigraphy using technicium 99 and or Gallium 67. Results: During the last 6 years (1997-2002), 9 patients with the diagnosis of Malignant Otitis Externa (MOE) were admitted to the ENT-ward at King Fahd Teaching Hospital for investigation and treatment. All cases except three responded to the antibiotic treatment. The patient with cranial nerve involvement (3) showed poor improvement. One of these patients expired due to carotid artery haemorrhage. Conclusion: Malignant Otitis Externa is still a serious disease associated with cranial nerve complications and high morbo-mortality rate. CT and Isotope Scanning are the best investigative tools. The most effective treatment are control of diabetics and fighting infection with proper antibiotics. Monitoring of the therapy response is done through normalisation of ESR, control of DM and improvement of CT and radioisotope scanning. Long term follow up of patients is important.
Heralding manifestations of basilar artery occlusion with lethal or severe stroke; Background: Basilar artery occlusion usually causes severe disability or death. Until the recent developments in local intra-arterial or systemic intravenous fibrinolysis, interest in early diagnosis was low because there was no satisfactory treatment. Thus there is little information about the initial phase of the disease. Objective: To report on the early clinical features and patterns of evolution of severe symptomatic basilar artery occlusion. Methods: 24 patients with established basilar artery occlusion (confirmed by angiography or at necropsy) were reviewed retrospectively, focusing on the early clinical aspects and time course of the disease. Results: The most common initial symptoms were motor deficits (16/24, including facial palsies), articulatory speech difficulties (15/24), vertigo, nausea or vomiting (13/24), and headaches (10/24). The most frequent objective initial findings were motor deficits (22/24), facial palsies (19/24), eye movement abnormalities (15/24), lower cranial nerve deficits (15/24), altered level of consciousness (12/24), and bilateral extensor plantar responses (9/24). Onset of the disease was gradual in nearly all patients and in half the warning signs were present for up to two months before the final stage. Headaches and visual disturbances were early signs, while speech difficulties and motor deficits were late signs. Once permanent neurological deficits were present, the final illness was reached within six hours in 41%, between six and 24 hours in 32%, and in two to three days in 27%. Conclusions: All the patients reviewed presented some symptoms and signs pointing to brain stem involvement. Only 8% (2/24) had an acute course with no adequate warning signs.
Giant cavernoma of the brain stem: Value of delayed MR imaging after contrast injection; Cavernous angiomas are vascular malformations composed of slowly perfused, sinusoidal vessels which can be located in any part of the central nervous system. Whereas diagnosis is mostly straightforward in typical cases, some lesions may present in unusual locations or with unusual imaging characteristics. Because of the slow perfusion, contrast enhancement is not regarded as a characteristic imaging feature of cavernomas. We report a large brain stem cavernoma with signs of recent bleeding, in which the differential diagnosis against other mass lesions was facilitated by the demonstration of slow, but intense, contrast enhancement on MRI 1 h after contrast injection. We conclude that contrast enhancement in delayed images may contribute to a safe diagnosis of cavernous haemangiomas and should be performed in atypical cases.
Otalgia; The patient presenting with otalgia poses a diagnostic challenge for which orderly and diligent evaluation and management is needed. The etiology of otalgia can be either primary or referred, and a detailed history and physical examination with directed studies as indicated can elucidate the cause of the pain.
Headache and facial pain in children and adolescents; Headaches commonly affect children and adolescents. Proper diagnosis and management is dependent on thorough history taking and a comprehensive physical and neurological examination. Additional diagnostic testing is indicated in some cases. The second edition of the headache classification system by the International Headache Society has recently become available. The classification system is primarily based on adults, but we discussed the subtle distinctions made regarding children. In addition to the primary headache types of migraine, tension-type, and cluster headaches, we discussed selected symptomatic headaches. Emphasis was placed on migraine and tension-type headaches because these are the most common pediatric headache types. We briefly discussed genetic aspects of headaches. Genetic factors have been hypothesized for chronic tension headache and other forms of migraine, but genetic linkage has only been established for familial hemiplegic migraine. We reviewed the nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic therapies, including abortive and prophylactic medications for various age groups. Unlike headaches, facial neuralgias are rare in otherwise healthy children. Facial pain may be neurological, vascular, or dental in origin. We focused on trigeminal neuralgia, glossopharyngeal neuralgia, occipital neuralgia, and Bell's palsy as neurological causes of facial pain in children.
Movement disorders in patients with peripheral facial palsy; Acute unilateral facial paralysis is usually a benign neurological condition that resolves in a few weeks. However, it can also be the source of a transient or long-lasting severe motor dysfunction, featuring disorders of automatic and voluntary movement. This review is organized according to the two most easily recognizable phases in the evolution of facial paralysis: (1) Just after presentation of facial palsy, patients may exhibit an increase in their spontaneous blinking rate as well as a sustained low-level contraction of the muscles of the nonparalyzed side, occasionally leading to blepharospasm-like muscle activity. This finding may be due to an increase in the excitability of facial motoneurons and brainstem interneurons mediating trigeminofacial reflexes. (2) If axonal damage has occurred, axonal regeneration beginning at approximately 3 months after the lesion leads inevitably to clinically evident or subclinical hyperactivity of the previously paralyzed hemifacial muscles. The full-blown postparalytic facial syndrome consists of synkinesis, myokymia, and unwanted hemifacial mass contractions accompanying normal facial movements. The syndrome has probably multiple pathophysiological mechanisms, including abnormal axonal branching after aberrant axonal regeneration and enhanced facial motoneuronal excitability. Although the syndrome is relieved with local injections of botulinum toxin, fear of such uncomfortable contractions may lead the patients to avoid certain facial movements, with the implications that this behavior might have on their emotional expressions. © 2003 Movement Disorder Society.
Neurovascular Free Muscle Transfer to Treat Facial Paralysis: Associated with Hemifacial Microsomia; Although the deformity of hemifacial microsomia (HFM) is widespread and varies in extent, most treatments focus on the mandible and ear abnormalities, rather than on the associated facial paralysis. Thus, surgical treatment for the facial paralysis associated with HFM is quite underdeveloped. The neurovascular free muscle transfer is now a standard procedure for dynamic smile reconstruction in long-standing facial paralysis patients. This type of strategy has considerable potential in the treatment of facial paralysis in patients with HFM. We present here, our experience with neurovascular free muscle transfers for smile reconstruction in 8 patients with facial paralysis associated with HFM. Either a two-stage procedure combining a gracilis muscle transfer with cross-face nerve grafting or a one-stage transfer of the latissimus dorsi muscle was performed. Muscle contraction was evident in all patients between 4 to 8 months after muscle transfer. Our present series revealed that the neurovascular free muscle transfer is a good option not only for smile reconstruction but also for restoration of the facial contours of patients with HMF. Compared with the two-stage method combining a gracilis muscle transfer with cross-face nerve grafting, the one-stage method using the latissimus dorsi muscle poses some advantages including a one stage operation and a shorter recovery period.
Temporohyoid osteoarthropathy and unilateral facial nerve paralysis in a horse; A 13-year-old broodmare was referred for weight loss and left facial nerve paralysis. Bilateral temporohyoid osteoarthropathy was diagnosed based on proliferation of the temporohyoid joints and stylohyoid bones on radiographs and guttural pouch endoscopy. The left side was more severely affected. Treatment resulted in little or no improvement.
Triple immunosuppression with or without basiliximab in pediatric renal transplantation: Acute rejection rates at one year; Acute rejection (AR) is a major determinant of chronic allograft dysfunction and graft survival. This study evaluated the effect of basiliximab on AR in pediatric renal transplantation on triple immunosuppression. Forty-three transplantations (25 males and 18 females; mean age 14.9 ± 3.6 years) were performed between 1996 and 2002. Thirteen of the grafts came from cadaveric donors and 30 from living-related donors. All patients were placed on immunosuppression with prednisolone + (azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil) + (cyclosporine [CYA] or tacrolimus). Basiliximab was also administered in 20 cases. The respective rates of biopsy-proven AR in the basiliximab group (BG) and the standard-regimen group (N-BG) were 0% vs 17.4% (P > .05) at 1 month posttransplantation; 0% vs 26.1% (P < .05) at 3 months; 0% vs 26.1% (P < .05) at 6 months, and 7.1% vs 26.1% (P > .05) at 12 months. In the N-BG group the 1- and 3-year graft survival rates were 91.3% (21/23) and 83.3% (15/18), respectively. The mean glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in the first year after the transplantation was 75 ± 33 mL/min/1. 73 m2 in the N-BG and 98 ± 21 mL/min/1.73 m2 in the BG patients (P < .05). Basiliximab significantly reduced the rates of acute rejection at 3 and 6 months after pediatric renal transplantation. The GFR in the first year was significantly higher among the patients treated with basiliximab, which was well tolerated by all patients and caused no significant adverse effects. The effect of basiliximab on long-term graft survival and chronic allograft dysfunction deserves further investigation.
Neurofibromatosis 2: Two Case Reports; Our study presents two cases of neurofibromatosis 2 (NF2) that have been diagnosed at the Ear, Nose, and Throat Department of Hradec Krá lové (Czech Republic). The first case involved a young man with a history of sudden hearing loss accompanied by tinnitus on the left side. The diagnosis of NF2 was made, and an operation for left acoustic neuroma was performed. Looking toward the future, the acoustic neuroma on the right side should be resolved as well. The second case concerned a woman (the mother of our patient 1) examined at the same Ear, Nose, and Throat Department in 1980, after 4 years of gait instability and progressive loss of hearing and tinnitus on the right side. Computed tomography scan detected a bilateral expansion in the pontocerebellar angles, and a large tumor on the right side was removed. The patient is deaf and has facial palsy without progression of symptomatology during long-term follow-up. These two cases document the rare but serious hereditary disease of NF2. Its most frequent first presentation is acoustic neuroma; further, benign tumors of the nervous system and juvenile cortical cataract also are often detected. The variability of number, location, and biological behavior of tumors associated with NF2 require an individual patient treatment approach, long-term follow-up, and insertion of appropriate hearing aids. Important also is a genetic examination to exclude pathological NF2 genes in the first-degree relatives of the affected individuals.
Arteriovenous fistula in a free pectoralis minor flap; The acquired arteriovenous fistula, a rare occurrence, usually results from an identifiable traumatic insult. The precipitating event is often a penetrating injury, although other factors such as blunt injury, infection and changes in local haemodynamics can also initiate changes leading to such vascular anomalies. The subject of this report, a 42-year-old female, previously had an acoustic neuroma excised in September 1991, which left her with a dense right facial palsy. In an attempt to reconstruct the nerve, a facial reanimation procedure was performed. This was a two-stage procedure that involved a cross facial nerve graft, followed a year later by a free pectoralis minor flap. The aim was to introduce innervated muscle into the cheek to restore function and symmetry. The surgery was successfully completed in June 1997. This case report describes the appearance of an arteriovenous fistula following the use of a pectoralis minor free flap in facial reanimation. There are no published accounts of arteriovenous fistulae arising in free flaps in head and neck surgery.
Use of botulinum toxin in facial paralysis; Facial paralysis triggers aesthetic and functional changes that hold significant physical and psychological repercussions to those suffering from this condition. Botulinum toxin may be used to reduce the facial asymmetry encountered in patients suffering from facial paralysis. The onset of improvement starts usually 15 days after the injection. Patients' satisfaction increases with time, especially after 30 days. Adverse events concerning the perioral area are found but resume as the patients get used to the new dynamics. The use of botulinum toxin is effective in decreasing the hyperkinesis contralateral to facial paralysis. The global aesthetic aspect of the face improves.
Bell's Palsy in Children; Bell's palsy is a self-limiting idiopathic rapid onset facial palsy that is non-life-threatening and has a generally favorable prognosis. Facial paralysis can be caused by numerous conditions, all of which should be excluded before a diagnosis of Bell's palsy is reached. The etiopathogenesis of Bell's palsy is uncertain; acute immune demyelination triggered by a viral infection may be responsible. Controversy exists regarding treatment options. This article reviews the differential diagnosis and diagnostic and therapeutic options and discusses the controversies related to the various treatment modalities (steroids, acyclovir, and surgery). A simple practical approach to diagnosing and treating children with Bell's palsy is suggested. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pediatric Neurotology; Pediatric neurotology is a subspecialty encompassing the medical and surgical treatment of conditions involving the middle ear, inner ear and lateral skull base. Multiple otologic and neurotologic diseases exist. In the pediatric patient the most common neurotologic conditions are vertigo, complications of otitis media, cholesteatoma, hearing loss and facial paralysis. Vertigo is differentiated into peripheral and central vestibular abnormalities. Peripheral vestibular causes include Meniere's disease, benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, vestibular neuronitis, otitis media and labyrinthitis. The predominant lesions in our field causing central vestibular disorders are brainstem and posterior fossa tumors. Mastoiditis, meningitis, petrositis, sigmoid sinus thrombosis, extradural abscess, brain abscess, otitic hydrocephalus, cholesteatoma and cholesterol granuloma are complications of otitis media and middle ear disease. Sensorineural hearing loss is now readily treated with cochlear implantation. Facial nerve paralysis may result from infectious and other etiologies. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Training Paramedics on Prehospital Stroke Management; For optimal neurologic recovery in stroke patients, the use of thrombolytics and intervention must be initiated within hours after the onset of stroke. Thus, medical personnel, i.e., paramedics, involved before the patient arrives at the hospital plays a vital role in prehospital stroke management, including early recognition of stroke and rapid transport of the victim to the treating facility. The fact is, however, training in paramedics to recognize stroke patients and assessment of these paramedics on their knowledge about stroke are lacking. We assessed the extent of paramedics' knowledge about stroke and analyzed whether training paramedics about stroke would have an impact. The study was conducted from March to August, 2001 at 9 different fire stations in Seoul and other regional areas in 164 paramedics. In order to conduct a before-and-after comparative study, we firstly investigated the extent of current knowledge on stroke in these paramedics. Then, these paramedics were then trained by 3 different emergency specialists who taught the same content on basic information of stroke including the definition, signs and symptoms of stroke and how to recognize stroke. Among 164 paramedics who participated in our educational training program, most (63.4%) were trained at the National Fire Academy. The most frequently listed stroke risk factor was hypertension (98.2%). The most frequently listed stroke symptom and sign were abnormal speech (91.5%). The level of knowledge about the prehospital stroke scale was very low (facial palsy: 10.8%, arm drift: 7.9%, dysarthria: 17.7%). Before training, their knowledge on the definition of stroke, its risk factor; symptoms and signs, the goals of prehospital management and the therapeutic window for thrombolysis were not sufficient. However, a significant improvement was seen in the extent of knowledge through training (p<0.001). The extent of knowledge about stroke was different according to the characteristics of paramedics. The extent of stroke knowledge was relatively higher in those who had an EMP-P certification, majored in emergency medical service, worked in Seoul, underwent training on stroke; or hard work experience as a paramedic less than 2 years. The present study proves that paramedics lack knowledge about prehospital stroke management. However, a significant improvement was seen in paramedics after training in their knowledge on stroke.
A Case of one-and-a-half Syndrome with Vertigo and Hearing Loss; A 24-year-old female presented with one-and-a-half syndrome accompanied by vertigo and hearing loss in her left ear. She had no caloric response to 0°C ice water and her pure tone average revealed 72.5 dB. She was diagnosed with left one-and-a-half syndrome due to leftward gaze palsy, adduction OS (left eye), a horizontal right-beating nystagmus OD (right eye) on her rightward gaze, normal convergence. These symptoms were also accompanied by vertical gaze palsy, mild left peripheral facial nerve palsy, left face and body hypesthesia, bulbar palsy and cerebellar symptoms. Abnormal eye movement, bilateral vestibular disfunction and left hearing loss improved with methylprednisolone pulse therapy. All her neurological symptoms except mild facial nerve palsy had disappeared one year after onset of the disease. The site of the lesion responsible for one-and-a-half syndrome was the left medial longitudinal fasciculus (MLF), paramedian pontine reticular formation (PPRF) and abducens nucleus. The lesion responsible for vertical gaze palsy seemed to occupy a wide area of the pons.
Lips reanimation with temporalis myoplasty technique; PURPOSE OF THE STUDY: The authors report their experience in lips reanimation with lengthening temporalis myoplasty for treatment of facial paralysis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied 8 patients with permanent facial paralysis. The surgical technique allowed to transfer temporalis tendinous of coronoid process onto lips muscular strap, without aponevrotic relay. RESULTS: Functional and aesthetic results are exposed and so complications. Specialized facial physiotherapy rehabilitation is necessary in order to improve.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome--a case study; In this work we present a patient, aged 40 with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, who was treated at the Department of Infectious Disease, Medical Academy in Lublin (Poland). The diagnosis of the disease was based on the anamnesis concerning epidemiology of the disease, the course and three major symptoms: facial paralysis, neuralgia, herpetic eruption in the mouth and on the ear. The combined treatment with antiviral drugs and corticosteroids was partially successful and did not resolve the seventh nerve palsy.
A review of thalidomide's history and current dermatological applications; Once abandoned because of devastating teratogenic effects, thalidomide has reemerged as an alternative treatment in many dermatologic diseases. In 1998, thalidomide became FDA approved for the acute treatment and suppression of the cutaneous manifestations of erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL). ENL is a systemic disorder that typically occurs after several years of antileprosy treatments, usually for lepromatous leprosy. Off-label uses for thalidomide include: aphthous stomatitis, Behçet disease, pyoderma gangrenosum, chronic discoid lupus erythematosus, systemic lupus erythematosus, lichen planus, prurigo nodularis and sarcoidosis. This review examines the background, pharmacokinetics, mechanism of action, side-effects, and indications of thalidomide.
Evaluation of electroneurography as a prognostic method in the development of peripheral facial paralysis; Electroneurography (EnoG) is a prognostic test used in the assessment of the peripheral facial nerve paralysis. We believe that when performed in standard conditions and together with the clinical evolutive parameters, it is very useful to reveal the critical time for a more radical treatment. We studied 44 patients; 13 patients had greater than 90% neural degeneration on EnoG. 5 of them underwent facial nerve surgical decompression due to a poor clinical outcome and up to three of these patients had a normal facial function after this.
The use of muscle autograft denatured by microwave for repair of gaps in removal of facial neuromas; OBJECTIVE: To study the clinical value of muscle autograft denatured by microwave for repair of gaps in removal of facial neuromas. METHODS: Two cases of patients with facial nerve Schwann cell neuromas were reported. The operations for removal of facial neuromas were completed, and the gaps of the nerves were repaired with muscle autograft denatured by microwave of 250 W for 120 sec. RESULTS: The patients were followed up for two years, and the recovery of facial function on the affected sides were satisfactory. CONCLUSION: Muscle autograft denatured by microwave technique is convenient, highly efficient for repairing facial nerve gap after removal of facial neuroma.
Treatment of paralytic lagophthalmos; Paralytic lagophthalmos has an negative effect on patient. A patient's appearance is grossly distorted and many ocular problems due to exposure and dryness may interfere with the patient's ability to perform an occupation. This paper describes the management of the paralytic lagophthalmos. The medical treatment adds lubricants and the surgical treatment provides a better closure for the eye.
Transient ischemic attack with apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; A 66-year-old Turkish male patient admitted to our emergency department with a transient ischemic attack (TIA) is described. Transthoracic echocardiography revealed apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and an ECG sinus rhythm. Transesophageal echocardiography detected severe spontaneous echocontrast (SEC) in the left atrial (LA) cavity with apical hypertrophy. Copyright © 2003 by the Japanese Heart Journal.
Does the removal of pectoralis minor impair the function of pectoralis major?; The treatment of long-standing unilateral facial palsy with cross-facial nerve graft and free pectoralis minor muscle flap to the face has been the elective choice for more than 300 patients during the last 20 years at Mount Vernon Hospital in Northwood, United Kingdom. In this study, the authors assessed the residual donor-site morbidity in the chest after the procedure. During the second stage of the operation, the medial and the lateral pectoral nerves are divided at a proximal level from the plexus. Due to the common innervation shared by the two pectoral muscles, a consequent change in pectoralis major muscle function can be expected, but so far no study has been carried out to find out whether or not this occurs. The authors have performed a subjective and an objective study on a voluntary sample of 38 patients previously operated on for facial palsy with pectoralis minor muscle transfer. Cosmetic and functional outcomes were recorded. The subjective evaluation was obtained through a questionnaire. The objective evaluation was obtained through physical examination (inspection and palpation). The following quantitative parameters were determined: thickness of the muscle, arm muscle circumference, power produced at contraction, and muscle fiber activity. Subjectively, six patients (15.8 percent) reported a reduction in the force of the muscle, and 10 patients (26.3 percent) noticed a change in muscular thickness at the site of the operation. Objectively, the results of the electromyogram were almost normal in all of the muscles sampled (17 patients). Occasionally, minor changes from the normal pattern were seen in the lower half of pectoralis major. The dynamometer adduction test showed a significant reduction in the force developed on the operated side when it was the dominant side (p = 0.02), whereas no difference was shown in the group of patients who underwent operations on the nondominant sides (p = 0.18). The pectoral fold and the arm muscle circumference did not show any difference between the side operated on and the nonoperated side. This clinical study confirms that the use of the pectoralis minor muscle as a neurovascular free flap for face reanimation is associated with a low morbidity at the donor site. The authors believe that the medial pectoral nerve has a marginal role in pectoralis major muscle innervation in contrast to the classic anatomic descriptions and some of the positions of the official surgical literature regarding the actual function of this nerve.
Electroneurography as a prognostic method in the evolution of facial nerve paralysis; Electroneurography (EnoG) is a prognostic test used in the assessment of the perrpheral facial nerve paralysis. We believe that when performed in standard conditions and together with the clinical evolutive paramethers, it is very useful to reveal the critical time for a more radical treatment. We studied 44 patients; 13 patients had greater than 90% neural degeneration on EnoG. 5 of them underwent facial nerve surgical decompression due to a poor clinical outcome and up to three of these patients had a normal facial function after this.
The use of mitoxantrone (Novantrone) for the treatment of multiple sclerosis: Report of the Therapeutics and Technology Assessment Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology; Mitoxantrone is the first drug approved for the treatment of secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (SPMS) in the United States. This assessment considers use of mitoxantrone in the treatment of MS. Mitoxantrone probably reduces the clinical attack rate and reduces attack-related MRI outcomes in patients with relapsing MS (Type B recommendation). Also, mitoxantrone may have a beneficial effect on disease progression in patients with MS whose clinical condition is worsening (Type B recommendation). The potential for serious toxicity of mitoxantrone, however, must be taken into account when considering this therapy in individual patients. Moreover, because the potential clinical benefits on disease progression appear to be only modest, the results of the single phase III trial should be replicated in another (and hopefully much larger) clinical study before this agent is widely recommended for the treatment of patients with MS.
Early Rehabilitation of Facial Nerve Deficit after Acoustic Neuroma Surgery; Objective - To determine whether an early physical rehabilitative program could improve and/or accelerate recovery from a postoperative deficit of facial nerve (FN) function. Material and Methods - A retrospective study of the charts of patients who presented a postoperative FN deficit after surgery for acoustic neuroma (AN) was carried out. Twenty-nine patients were enrolled and divided into 2 groups: 18 who underwent early physical rehabilitation and 11 who did not undergo rehabilitation. All the AN patients underwent translabyrinthine removal and were classified preoperatively according to the House-Brackmann staging system. Physical rehabilitation was performed according to Kabat (i.e. neuromuscular facilitation). FN function was assessed postoperatively and classified according to the House-Brackmann grading system. Results - In Grade IV and V patients, early rehabilitation allowed a faster and better recovery with respect to AN patients for whom rehabilitation was not carried out. Conclusion - Early physical rehabilitation has proved to be effective as a helpful tool for recovery from FN deficit and it is therefore advisable to use it soon after surgery, especially for FN deficits worse than Grade IV.
Moebius Sequence and Hypogonadotrophic Hypogonadism; A distinct form of Moebius sequence is associated with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. There have been five such cases to date. We now add a further case with detailed neurologic, endocrine, and autopsy findings and offer a hypothesis drawing parallels with the already established basis of hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism in the X-linked form of Kallman syndrome. © 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Three-dimensional video-analysis of facial movements in healthy volunteers; The aim of this study was to determine the mean distances of facial movements in 24 healthy individuals aged between 22 and 70 years, using the digitised three-dimensional video-analysis system developed by Frey et al. The subjects were divided into three groups of eight. The first group consisted of individuals aged between 20 and 30 years (mean ± s.d. = 25.0 ± 2.33 years). Subjects in the second group were aged between 40 and 50 years (mean ± s.d. = 46.8 ± 2.53 years), and the third group consisted of subjects aged between 60 and 70 years (mean ± s.d. = 63.6 ± 3.07 years). In all groups the sexes were equally represented. No subject had had treatment to the face, nor did they have paralysis, scars or diseases of the skin. Males showed larger movements of the face than females, on average by 1.40 ± 0.73 mm (15.08%). Subjects aged between 60 and 70 years demonstrated the largest movements of the face. The evaluation of facial movements in 24 healthy volunteers showed that sex and age affect facial dynamics. Thus study generated three-dimensional standard values for healthy facial movements. © 2003 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Clinical Study of Therapeutic Effect of High-Dose Steroid Therapy (HDST) for Peripheral Facial Palsy; Excellent response to HDST has been reported in patients with idiopathic facial nerve palsy. However, surgical decompression of facial nerves in severe cases remains controversial. In this study, outcomes obtained through HDST and those obtained through conventional therapy were compared, and the outcomes of decompression surgery after medical treatments were analyzed. Subjects were 119 outpatients with severe facial palsy treated at our clinic, who satisfied the following criteria: 1) the first treatment was performed within 3 weeks after onset; 2) grade of palsy was scored as less than 10 of 40. Sixty-one (Group A) patients were treated with our conventional therapy using dexamethazone between 1984 and 1989, and 58 (Group B) with HDST between 1990 and 2001. Eighteen patients (29.5%) in Group A and 7 (12. 1%) in Group B underwent surgery due to the absence of satisfactory response to medical treatments and poor electrical-test results. Seventeen (73.9%) of 23 patients with Bell's palsy in Group A and 18 (94.7%) of 19 in Group B, and 1 of 2 patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome in Group A and 9 of 12 in Group B, showed complete recovery with medical treatment only and did not receive surgical treatment. Among patients receiving surgical decompression, only 1 in Group A and none in Group B showed complete recovery. As a results of medical treatment, palsy improved and the number of patients undergoing surgical treatment decreased after introduction of HDST. Surgical outcomes of surgery in severe cases were not satisfactory, suggesting the limitations of surgery.
Extracapsular dissection for clinically benign parotid lumps: Reduced morbidity without oncological compromise; Previous studies have shown that extracapsular dissection (ECD) is an alternative approach to superficial parotidectomy (SP) for pleomorphic adenoma parotid tumours, associated with low recurrence rates equal to those following SP, but with significantly reduced morbidity. However, if a malignant tumour masquerades as a clinically benign lump, this approach may be inappropriate. This study addressed this question by analysing the outcome of 821 consecutive patients with parotid tumours treated at one centre over 40 years and with a median 12 (range 5-30) years follow-up. Tumours were classified as 'simple' (discrete, mobile, < 4cm: n = 662) and 'complex' (deep, fixed, facial nerve palsy, ≥4cm: n = 159). Among the 'simple' or clinically benign tumours, 503 patients underwent ECD; 159 patients underwent SP. In all, 32 (5%) clinically benign cases were subsequently revealed as malignant histologies (ECD, 12; SP, 20). For each group, 5- and 10-year cancer-specific survival rates were 100 and 98%, respectively. There were no differences in recurrence rates when subanalysed by surgical groups, but ECD was associated with significantly reduced morbidity (P < 0.001). This study demonstrates that ECD is a viable alternative to superficial parotidectomy for the majority of parotid tumours, associated with reduced morbidity without oncological compromise. © 2003 Cancer Research UK.
Orofacial granulomatosis in a patient with Crohn's disease; Orofacial granulomatosis encompasses the previously recognized clinical entities Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and cheilitis granulomatosa. We report the case of a 39-year-old patient with cheilitis granulomatosa, intestinal Crohn's disease, and optic neuropathy. Cheilitis granulomatosa and optic neuropathy represent 2 rare manifestations of orofacial granulomatosis in Crohn's disease.
Self-assessed quality of life after acoustic neuroma surgery; Object. The aim of this study was to determine if factors such as postoperative hearing, facial function, headaches, or other factors have an impact on self-assessed quality of life (QOL) after acoustic neuroma surgery. Methods. The SF-36 and seven additional questions on the impact of surgery on the QOL were sent to 135 consecutive patients who had undergone acoustic neuroma surgery. The Spearman rho correlations were calculated for each of the eight categories of the SF-36 (general health, physical functioning, physical role limitations, emotional role limitations, mental health, energy/vitality, pain, social functioning). The results were correlated with patients' sex, age, persistent headache, years since surgery, postoperative hearing level, and facial function. The response rate was 74.8%. The transformed scores of the eight categories of the SF-36 were lower than age-matched healthy controls in approximately half of the categories. The strongest trend toward lower scores with statistical significance in two categories was persistent headaches. Some categories demonstrated trends toward lower scores with females or age older than 55 years. Postoperative hearing and facial functioning, and time since surgery showed no statistically significant impact on QOL measured by the SF-36. Responses to the additional questions indicate that hearing, facial function, and headache influenced people's feelings about surgery and had an impact on their return to work. Conclusions. The QOL scores are not consistently lower than population normative values compared with different normative studies. The strongest correlation was between the presence of persistent headache and QOL. Other correlations were not consistent in all categories, and few were statistically significant. These trends in some categories do not explain the difference seen between patients after acoustic neuroma surgery in this study and normal populations in other studies.
Facial neuropathy due to axonal degeneration and microvasculitis following gamma knife surgery for vestibular schwannoma: A histological analysis. Case report; Complete facial palsy (House-Brackmann Grade VI) developed in a 63-year-old man with a vestibular schwannoma 25 months after he had undergone two gamma knife surgeries performed 33 months apart and involving a cumulative dose of 24 Gy directed to the tumor margin at the 50% isodose line. Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated tumor enlargement with central nonenhancement, which initially had been recognized 21 months after the second radiosurgery. Microsurgery was performed to achieve total removal of the tumor. Histological and immunohistochemical examinations of the facial nerve specimen removed from the edge of the tumor revealed a loss of axons, proliferation of Schwann cells, and microvasculitis. In this case, microvasculitis and axonal degeneration were probably the major causes of the radiation-induced facial neuropathy.
Orofacial granulomatosis: Presentation, pathology and management of 13 cases; Background: Orofacial granulomatosis (OFG) comprises of a group of conditions, all characterized histologically by the presence of granulomatous inflammation. Methods: This diagnosis may be determined by exclusion from other conditions that may present with similar clinical and histopathologic features. These include Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS), Miescher's cheilitis (an oligosymptomatic form of MRS), Crohn's disease, and sarcoidosis. Results: A great deal of attention has been devoted to the similarity and overlap in clinicopathologic and histomorphologic features of these conditions, suggesting that they may actually represent a spectrum within a single overarching entity. In the review of the 13 cases of OFG retrieved from the files of the Long Island Jewish Medical Center, Department of Dental Medicine, we describe their presentation, clinicopathologic features, and management. These cases comprise examples of MRS (in its oligosymptomatic forms) and Crohn's disease. The similarity, kinship, and overlap between the cases presented are clearly demonstrated. Conclusion: In addition, based upon our observations and review, we propose the notion that oral manifestations of Crohn's disease may be classified as an oligosymptomatic form of MRS.
Facial Palsy as First Presentation of Acute Myeloid Leukemia; Granulocytic sarcoma or chloroma is a tumor composed of myeloblast or monoblast. These tumors may be found in any location of the body and occur in 5% of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) cases and are more common in pediatric patients. In this report we describe the case of a 27-year-old male who developed lower motor neuron seventh nerve palsy followed by swelling of the parotid gland. Fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) of the soft tissue swelling revealed scattered blasts, and peripheral smear and bone marrow aspirate examination suggested AML. This is a rare presentation of a granulocytic sarcoma leading to a diagnosis of AML. © 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Temporal Bone Infection Caused by Atypical Mycobacterium: Case Report and Review of the Literature; Objective: To discuss the clinical aspects and management of nontuberculous mycobacteriosis of the temporal bone. Study Design: Case report and review of the literature. Setting: University hospital, tertiary referral center. Patient, Intervention, and Results: The authors describe an uncommon case of nontuberculous mycobacteriosis of the temporal bone in an immunosuppressed 62-year-old woman with facial nerve paralysis caused by disease complication. The case was cured with radical tympanomastoidectomy and prolonged multiple antibiotic therapy. Conclusions: Nontuberculous mycobacteriosis should be suspected in immunosuppressed patients with intractable middle ear granulations. Cultural and histologic examinations are the mainstay for diagnosis. Long-standing multiantibiotic therapy together with aggressive surgery should be considered as appropriate management.
Efficacy of Early Treatment of Bell's Palsy With Oral Acyclovir and Prednisolone; Objective: To investigate the therapeutic effects of acyclovir and prednisolone in relation to the timing of treatment in Bell's palsy. Study Design: This was a retrospective study of 480 Bell's palsy patients who were treated with oral acyclovir and prednisolone (94 cases) or prednisolone alone (386 cases). Patients: Patients met the after criteria: (1) severe or complete Bell's palsy with a score lower than 20 on the 40-point Yanagihara facial score and (2) treatment started within 7 days after onset. The patients were treated with oral prednisolone (60-40 mg/day) with or without oral acyclovir (2,000 mg/day). Main Outcome Measure: Rate of recovery, which was defined as a facial score of 36 or more, and the absence of contracture with synkinesis. Results: The overall recovery rate of patients treated with acyclovir and prednisolone was 95.7 percent, which was better than that of patients treated with prednisolone alone (88.6%). The recovery rate in patients who began the combined therapy within 3 days of the onset of palsy was 100 percent and early treatment resulted in early remission. In contrast, the recovery rate in patients who started the combined therapy more than 4 days after onset was 86.2 percent. Conclusion: These results suggest that early diagnosis and treatment within 3 days of the onset of paralysis are necessary for maximal efficacy of combined acyclovir and prednisolone therapy for Bell's palsy.
Gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery for unilateral acoustic neuromas; Objective: To evaluate the clinical results achievable using current techniques of gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery to treat sporadic unilateral acoustic neuromas. Methods: A retrospective review of 234 consecutive patients treated for unilateral acoustic neuromas between 1996 and 1999, with a mean (SD) follow up of 35 (16) months. Tumour control was assessed with serial radiological imaging and by the need for surgical intervention. Hearing preservation was assessed using Gardner-Robertson grades. Details of complications including cranial neuropathies and non-specific vestibulo-cochlear symptoms are included. Results: A tumour control rate in excess of 92% was achieved, with only 3% of patients undergoing surgery after radiosurgery. Results were less good for larger tumours, but control rates of 75% were achieved for 35-45 mm diameter lesions. Of patients with discernible hearing, Gardner-Robertson grades were unchanged in 75%. Facial nerve function was adversely affected in 4.5%, but fewer than 1% of patients had persistent weakness. Trigeminal symptoms improved in 3%, but developed in 5% of patients, being persistent in less than 1.5%. Transient non-specific vestibulo-cochlear symptoms were reported by 13% of patients. Conclusions: Tumour control rates, while difficult to define, are comparable after radiosurgery with those experienced after surgery. The complications and morbidity after radiosurgery are far less frequent than those encountered after surgery. This, combined with its minimally invasive nature, may make radiosurgery increasingly the treatment of choice for small and medium sized acoustic neuromas.
Is reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy with severe hypertension completely reversible in all patients?; Leukoencephalopathy with severe hypertension is a recently described entity in nephrology, with only a few case reports to date in children. We prospectively studied 18 children with severe hypertension to evaluate the clinical features, severity, reversibility, and prognosis. All were subjected to clinical and biochemical tests, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA). Headache was reported in 16 children, 13 had confusion and drowsiness, 12 had nausea and vomiting, and 9 had visual disturbances, seizure, and dyspnea. Only 2 had focal neurological deficit (1 with right facial palsy and another with right lateral rectus palsy). Of these 18 children, 14 patients had hypertensive retinopathy and 4 had normal fundus. MRI revealed leukoencephalopathic changes in 16 of 18 patients. These changes were bilateral occipito-parietal in 9 patients, diffuse white/gray matter lesion in 2, brain stem hyperintensity in 2, and hemorrhagic lesion in 3. On MRA, 11 of 18 patients had attenuation of cerebral arteries of different degree. On follow-up, MRI findings resolved in all except 3 patients and all patients had normal MRA, except for 1 with persistent minimal attenuation and another with spasm in all vessels. We conclude that leukoencephalopathy with severe hypertension is reversible both clinically and radiologically in the majority of children after the control of hypertension. However, a few patients may have residual damage and may need psychometric analysis and follow-up for neurodevelopmental sequelae.
Comparison of the incidence rates of thromboembolic events reported for patients prescribed rofecoxib and meloxicam in general practice in England using prescription-event monitoring (PEM) data; Background. Rofecoxib and meloxicam are classified as cyclo-oxygenase (COX)-2 selective inhibitors. The Drug Safety Research Unit (DSRU) monitored the post-marketing safety of these drugs in England using the non-interventional observational cohort technique of prescription-event monitoring (PEM). Objectives. To compare the incidence rates of selected thromboembolic (TE) (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and peripheral venous thrombotic) events reported for patients prescribed rofecoxib and meloxicam in general practice. Methods. Patients were identified from dispensed prescriptions written by general practitioners (GPs) for meloxicam (December 1996 to March 1997) and rofecoxib (July to November 1999). Simple questionnaires requesting details of events recorded during/after treatment, indication and potential risk factors (including age, sex and NSAIDs prescribed within 3 months of treatment) were posted to prescribing GPs approximately 9 months after the first prescription for each patient. Incidence rates of the first event within each TE group were calculated; crude and age- and sex-adjusted rate ratios (RR) obtained using regression modelling. Results. During the 9 months after starting treatment, 21 (0.14%) and 19 (0.10%) patients were reported to have cardiovascular TE events, and 74 (0.48%) and 52 (0.27%) cerebrovascular TE events, and 6 (0.05%) and 20 (0.10%) were reported to have peripheral venous thrombotic events for rofecoxib and meloxicam, respectively. Regarding time to first event, there was a persistent divergence between the two drugs from the start of treatment for both the cerebrovascular TE event group (log rank test P = 0.0063) and the peripheral venous thrombotic event group (log rank test P = 0.0264). Indication and use of a NSAID within 3 months prior to starting treatment had no statistically significant effect on the relative risk estimates of the event groups and was excluded from subsequent analyses. Adjusting for the two identified risk factors of age (age2) and sex, for rofecoxib the adjusted cerebrovascular TE event group rate was higher than for meloxicarn [RR 1.68 (95% CI 1.15, 2.46)]; lower than meloxicam for the peripheral venous thrombotic event group [RR 0.29 (95% CI 0.11, 0.78)], and not different for the cardiovascular TE event group [RR 1.38 (95% CI 0.71, 2.67)]. Conclusions. This study reports a relative increase in the rate of cerebrovascular TE events and a relative reduction in peripheral venous thrombotic events in users of rofecoxib compared with meloxicam. There was no difference in the rate of cardiovascular thromboembolic events. The incidence of these three groups of events reported in each of these two drug cohorts was low (less than 0.5%), therefore the relevance of our findings needs to be taken into consideration with other clinical and pharmacoepidemiological studies.
Cutaneous Wegener's granulomatosis (malignant pyoderma) in a patient with Crohn's disease; We report a case of an unusual presentation of Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) in a patient with Crohn's disease (CD). She presented to our Wound Care Center with 7th cranial nerve palsy and facial pyoderma-like ulcerations. Although WG has a predilection for the lung, kidney, and eyes, cutaneous involvement can be seen in 50% of the cases, and it can be the presenting sign in 9-14%. Because of the lethality of WG if not properly treated, the diagnosis is imperative.
Lyme borreliosis. Skin and nervous system; Lyme borreliosis is the most frequent tick-borne disorder. Its discovery 25 years ago was a milestone in the field of infectious diseases. Children are especially prone to tick bites and therefore at special risk for Lyme borreliosis. Lyme borreliosis is a multisystem disorder which affects the skin in three-fourths of the cases (mainly erythema migrans) and the central nervous system and the joints clearly less frequently. In childhood acute peripheral facial nerve palsy and aseptic meningitis dominate the clinical spectrum of neuroborreliosis. Lyme borreliosis is a clinical diagnosis which is established on the basis of the history, the clinical findings, and the antibody results. Specific antibody diagnosis is complicated by the problem of insufficient sensitivity and specificity. The consequence is the risk of overdiagnosis and overtreatment. In neuroborreliosis the CSF findings are especially helpful. CSF pleocytosis is mandatory for the diagnosis of neuroborreliosis. Early and effective antibiotic treatment guarantees a good prognosis of Lyme borreliosis with quick resolvement of symptoms. Long-term sequelae of neuroborreliosis have not been proved in children, but cannot yet be excluded.
Microsurgical vascular decompression for hemifacial spasm. Follow-up over one year, clinical results and prognostic factors. Study of a series of 100 cases; Background and purpose. The results of a series of 100 patients operated on for hemifacial spasm (HFS), using microsurgical vascular decompression (MVD), are reported. Method. MVD was performed through a retromastoid keyhole approach, under monitoring of brainstem auditory evoked potentials (BAEP) and facial EMG, and consisted in dissection of VII nerve from conflicting vessel(s), and interposition of Teflon® fibers and/or screen(s). Results. The offending vessels found were: the antero-inferior cerebellar artery in 57 cases, the postero-inferior cerebellar artery in 56 cases, the vertebrobasilar artery in 22 cases. A multiple conflict was found in 32 cases (32%). The result was considered excellent if there was no residual spasm, good if only "minimal twitching" remained with relief >80%, poor for spasm relief 20 to 80%, and as a failure if relief <20%. The effect of MVD was satisfying (excellent or good) in 75 patients (75%) at discharge (10th day) and in 85 (85%) after 1 to 18 years follow-up (mean: 5 years). Amongst the latter patients, 29 (34%) experienced a delayed (up to 31/2 years in one) cure. Spasm recurrence was noted in 9 cases after satisfying effect on discharge. We encountered following permanent neurological complications: 1 facial palsy, 7 cases of hearing deficit (5 of them complete), and 1 case of IX-X deficit. Neither death nor ischaemic complication at brain-stem or cerebellum. Most of our hearing complications occurred before using intraoperative BAEP monitoring (3 cases of cophosis among our first 7 patients vs 2 out of our last 93). Local complications were: 1 meningitis, 8 cases of CSF leakage requiring either a series of lumbar punctures or a lumbar external drain, and 3 cases of wound infection and/or delayed woundhealing requiring surgical treatment. Conclusions. Our data are consistent with those of the literature, especially concerning high rate of long-term success and low complication rate of MVD for HFS. We do not recommend early re-operation in case of initial poor result. Again, the necessity of intraoperative BAEP monitoring to prevent hearing morbidity is highlighted.
The temporalis muscle flap in contemporary oral and maxillofacial surgery; The continued use of the temporalis muscle flap in maxillofacial surgery for over a century serves as testament to its versatility and reliability. The technical ease of its procurement and the amount and quality of tissue available make this flap a valuable tool in the armamentarium of the reconstructive surgeon.
Single-Site Botulinum Toxin Type A Injection for Elimination of Migraine Trigger Points; Background.-Botulinum toxin may be effective in suppressing migraine. Most injection regimens utilized have involved multiple sites. Purpose.-To evaluate prospectively the effect of botulinum toxin type A injections into the corrugator supercilii muscles alone on the frequency and severity of migraine. Methods.-Twenty-nine patients (24 women, 5 men) with migraine were enrolled in the study. Average age was 45 years (range, 24 to 63). The frequency (number of migraines per month) and intensity (recorded on an analog scale of 1 to 10, 10 being most severe) of headache were recorded before and after treatment. Twenty-five units of botulinum toxin type A was injected into each corrugator supercilii muscle, for a total of 50 units. Results.-At 2 months, 24 (83%) of 29 patients reported a positive response to the injection of botulinum toxin type A (P < .001). Sixteen patients (55%) reported complete elimination of headache (P < .001), 8 (28%) experienced significant improvement (at least 50% reduction in frequency or intensity) (P < .04), and 5 (17%) did not notice a change in headache. The duration of efficacy of the botulinum toxin type A injections ranged from 6 to 12 weeks, with an average of 8 weeks. In patients who had improvement in migraine but not complete elimination, the headache frequency decreased from 6.4 to 2.1 per month on average (P < .04), and the intensity decreased from 8.6 to 6.1 (P <.04). Conclusion.-These results support the hypothesis that focal injection of botulinum toxin type A may be an effective therapy for migraine.
Kawasaki Disease with Facial Nerve Paralysis; Kawasaki disease (KD) is a multisystem disorder with varying clinical expression. We describe an instance of facial nerve paralysis in a patient with KD. A 5-month-old boy developed fever, irritability, and diarrhea, treated 8 days later with cefaclor and ibuprofen. Three days later a confluent, erythematous and papular rash appeared, his lips were reddened and swollen, and his white blood count and platelet count were 20,900/mm3 and 558,000/mm3, respectively. He was admitted to the hospital with a diagnosis of KD, and an echocardiogram showed a right coronary aneurysm. The patient then developed an acute, right-sided, facial nerve peripheral paralysis that resolved over the next 6 weeks. He was treated with intravenous immune globulin (IVIG) 2 g/kg and aspirin 100 mg/kg/day with improvement of signs and symptoms. This report documents facial nerve paralysis as an uncommon complication of KD and points out that it may be a marker of increased risk of cardiovascular disease in this disorder.
Transcutaneous immunization and immunostimulant strategies; The skin provides an attractive immune environment for vaccine delivery and a safe and confined anatomic space for the use of potent adjuvants. It has been presumed that LCs as a class of dendritic cells should stimulate potent immune responses when activated by adjuvants, and this theory is beginning to be validated. Progress on simple pretreatment of the skin has led to well-developed, simple-to-use protocols that are not dissimilar from current protocols used to cleanse the skin before injection. Antigen and adjuvant formulation optimization has progressed, leading to phase 2 testing of the technology in formulated, manufacturable patches. Although delivery optimization and product testing is challenging, the major biologic observations underlying TCI and the IS patch have been established clearly in that large protein antigens have been delivered clinically, resulting in robust immune responses in a safe manner. During the next 5 years, the challenge will be to conduct a development program that leads to safe and effective vaccination in the context of specific applications.
A Case of Guillain-Barré Syndrome Starting from Severe Upper Back Pain; Examination of a 58-year-old woman who had developed severe upper back pain showed left peripheral type of facial nerve palsy, sensory disturbance of limbs and body trunk (Th7-9), cerebellar ataxia and generalized hyporeflexia. Upper back pain increased at night and was resistant to NSAIDs, antianxiety agents, opioids, and corticosteroids. Concentrations of serum CK and cerebrospinal fluid total protein were elevated. Electromyography (EMG) of perivertebral muscles (Th7-10) showed reduced recruitment and polyphasic potential. Several days later, our patient developed weakness of limbs and respiratory failure, and required mechanical ventilation. From these findings, we diagnosed her as having Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) and began treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin therapy. All symptoms including upper back pain improved gradually, and she had recovered almost completely by the 40th hospitalization day. Pain, especially lower back and leg pain, have attracted attention as common symptoms in GBS. However, only one GBS patient with initial severe upper back pain has been reported. Although the precise mechanism of pain in GBS remains unclear, EMG findings lead us to surmise our patient's pain originated from the nerve roots. Limb and back pain should therefore be taken into account for the diagnosis and treatment of GBS patients.
Treatment of migraine headache with botulinum toxin type A; Migraine is a common headache disorder with profound implications on patients' quality of life and the overall health care system. Traditional treatment options have been less than optimal and many migraine patients lack confidence in over-the-counter and prescribed medications. BTX-A has shown promise as an efficacious, well-tolerated, long-lasting preventive therapy. Completed placebo-controlled trials showed that BTX-A injections for migraine resulted in fewer headaches, reduced headache severity and duration, reduced migraine-associated symptoms, and reduced use of migraine medications. Because the administration of BTX-A is nonsystemic, reported adverse events have been rare and mild. Larger trials are currently underway to further evaluate BTX-A efficacy and to determine optimal dosing and injection sites. Based on the collective experience of clinicians in neurology, facial plastic surgery, and otolaryngology, as well as supporting evidence from completed and ongoing clinical trials and theorized mechanism of action, an effective BTX-A approach for treatment of migraine is emerging. With further refinement to its use as prophylactic therapy, BTX-A can potentially be a primary option for candidate migraine sufferers and prescribing clinicians.
New procedures in facial plastic surgery using botulinum toxin A; New indications for botalinum toxin A injection in facial plastic surgery have begun to emerge beyond the management of facial rhytids. This paper described a role for botulinum toxin in the rehabilitation from facial nerve paralysis, in the pharmacologic browlift, and in the nonsurgical management of platysmal bands. These procedures are not meant as a replacement for surgery, but rather as a less invasive alternative, or as an adjunctive modality. They are most useful in cases of functional or dynamic disorders, as opposed to problems of excessive or lax tissues. This article presented several clinical studies that give supportive evidence for the efficacy of the procedures. Further, larger studies with more objective measurements are necessary before these procedures become widely accepted.
Oral tumors and tumor-like lesions in infants and children; The aim of this retrospective study was to survey the spectrum of oral tumors and tumor-like lesions treated in a pediatric surgical unit. The clinical features and treatment outcome are presented, and guidelines for management discussed. Long-term follow-up was carried out both by re-examination and by means of a questionnaire. A total of 95 patients were encountered over a 30-year period. The age at presentation ranged from 1 day to 16 years, and the male to female ratio was 0.7:1. The lesions were located predominantly on the lips (22%), tongue (21%), and cheek (19%). Patients were divided into five groups based on histological diagnosis. Benign lesions accounted for 83 (87%) of the cases. Of these, 41 (43%) were benign tumors, the most common of which were the hemangiomas (17 cases). Hamartomas accounted for a further 22 benign lesions (23%), among which 12 were lymphangiomas. Furthermore, we saw 14 cases (15%) of mucoceles, ranula and dysontogenetic cysts, and a further 6 cases (6%) were classed as miscellaneous lesions. Simple surgical resection was successful in treating most benign lesions, with occasional re-excision being necessary in lymphangiomas. The long-term effects of treatment include reduction of the red volume of the lips, scarring following resection of parotid hemangiomas, a forked tongue after wedged resection, and partial facial nerve palsy. The group of 12 (13%) malignant tumors consisted of 5 rhabdomyosarcomas, 2 fibrosarcomas, 2 carcinomas of the parotid, 1 osteosarcoma, and 2 metastases. A multimodal approach was used in patients with rhabdomyosarcomas, while fibrosarcomas and parotid carcinomas were normally treated by surgical excision. Six of 12 patients with malignant tumors were alive after a median follow-up of 20.5 years. Re-examination of the malignant tumor group revealed scarring, impaired growth and function of the maxilla associated with local irradiation, and an external salivary fistula. In conclusion, while most oral and maxillofacial tumors of children are benign, malignant tumors of soft tissue, salivary glands and bones must be taken into account. There are specific aspects related to certain developmental and biological characteristics that make a mainly conservative approach preferable in these children.
Complications of ophthalmologic nerve blocks: A review; Complications of ophthalmologic nerve blocks are rare, but they can have serious life- and sight-threatening consequences. Knowledge of the potential complications is essential for the anesthesiologist who performs ophthalmologic nerve blocks. However, most anesthesiologists are unfamiliar with these complications because the majority have been reported in the ophthalmology literature. We review the complications that may occur during the placement of ophthalmologic blocks and their appropriate prompt treatment. © 2003 by Elsevier Inc.
Subacute motor neuropathy induced by T3 hyperthyroidism; Subacute motor neuropathy involving bulbar nerves is an unusual complication of hyperthyroidism. Clinical and neurophysiologic follow-up of such patients has been rarely reported. We describe a 41-year-old Colombian patient who developed respiratory failure associated with motor neuropathy and severe weight loss. The major clinical features included diffuse amyotrophy, bilateral facial paresis, and fasciculations, suggesting motor neuropathy. Electromyography confirmed the presence of axonal neuropathy, with predominant motor involvement. Goiter with hypervascularization was noticed, associated with pure T3 hyperthyroidism (T3l = 26 pg/ml; N < 3,8). The patient was given carbimazole which induced a severe skin vasculitis 10 days later. Carbimazole was stopped and replaced by propylthiouracile, which also induced vasculitis with secondary cardiac failure. Total thyroidectomy was then performed. General status improved rapidly as well as motor deficit, amyotrophy and pyramidal syndrome. Electromyographic abnormalities improved significantly within 3 months. This observation demonstrates that hyperthyroidism can produce motor axonal neuropathy, curable with radical surgery.
Effects of L-nitroarginine on the recovery of traumatic facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of constitutive nitric oxide synthase inhibitor L-nitroarginine on the recovery of traumatic facial paralysis in rats and the changes of the expression of cNOS and OX42 in the facial nucleus. METHODS: L-nitroarginine was intraperitoneally injected into rats and the recovery of facial paralysis was observed at different time point. and the changes of cNOS and OX42 positive neurons were studied in facial nucleus. RESULTS: Treatment of L-nitroarginine could remarkably inhibit the recovery of traumatic facial paralysis. The cNOS immunoactivity was obvious inhibited in facial nucleus, while the OX42 immunoactivity was obvious increased. CONCLUSION: Endogenous nitric oxide may play an important mediator role on the recovery of traumatic facial paralysis.
Malignant astrocytoma arising 10 years after combined treatment of craniopharyngioma; Craniopharyngioma is the third most common intracranial tumor in childhood. Following surgery, virtually all patients present with hypopituitarism and are at considerable risk of tumor recurrence. Secondary tumors, however, are rare, occurring usually 10 years after diagnosis and associated with poor prognosis. We report on a 5 year-old boy in whom craniopharyngioma was diagnosed due to unilateral visual loss. After surgery he underwent conventional radiation therapy with a total tumor dose of 55 Gy, and had hormonal support with DDAVP, thyroxine, and a variable dose of hydrocortisone. Growth velocity declined slowly in the first 4 years, but improved later on again without GH therapy despite abnormal provocative tests. At the age of 15 years he developed peripheral facial nerve palsy due to a malignant astrocytoma (WHO grade III/IV). Repeated conventional radiation therapy with an additional stereotactic boost and chemotherapy could not prevent the fatal outcome. This observation may temper the use of radiosurgery in benign intracranial tumors.
Advances in diagnosis of facial nerve paralysis - Pathophysiology and clinical symptoms; Facial palsy is important clinical and social problem because of frequently appearance and to cause facial symmetry troubles which are visible for surroundings. Clinical picture of facial palsy, independently of its reason, contains a lot of symptoms depending on degree and place of nerve damage. The most visible and unpleasant for sick person unpleasant symptoms are abolition (in palsy) or considerably handicap (in paresis) function of facial countenance muscles which are hard to endure for patients. In special accidents patients demand psychology consultation and antidepression treatment to modify imagination about role of appearance in shape social relation. In place of damage nerve for particular attention deserve objective treatment the stapedius muscle reflex. It allows to objective estimation the facial nerve damage. Regress in paresis of this nerve decides on treatment. This treatment has a prognostic sense too return of the stapedius muscle reflex announces return the function of damage nerve.
Comparative study for steroids vs non-steroids treatment for Bell's palsy in children; During a 12-year period from January, 1991 to December, 2002, we investigated 24 children under age 15 with Bell's palsy. Of 24 cases, 12 were treated with steroids, 10 were treated with vitamin B12 and circulatory activating drugs, 2 were put under observation without treatment. Overall the recovery rate was 100%. Steroids did not influence on improving recovery rate or by decreasing the time period to recovery.
Combined supra- and infratentorial presigmoideo approach for lesions of the petrous and clival regions; Introduction. Petrous and petroclival lesions may be surgically treated with combinations of suprainfratentorial presigmoideo approach and microsurgical techniques. Objectives. To demonstrate the utility and to present our surgical experiences with this approach. Patients and methods. Thirteen patients with lesions of the clival, petrous region and of the cerebellopontine angle with extension toward the anteriorportion of brainsteam were taken to the operative room. There were nine women and four men. Eleven were adults and two children. The main clinical manifestations were headache (100%), dysfunction of cranial nerves (90%), ataxia (90%) hemiparesis (75%). There was papiledema in 45%. Petroclival meningiomas and schwannomas were the more frequent lesions. There were three patients with intraxial brainsteam tumors and two arteriovenous malformations. There were not aneurysms. We performed nine retrolaberintic, three translaberintic and one transcochlear approach. Results. There was not severe incapacity, vegetative of dead patients. The surgical complications were facial nerve paresis (31%), cerebrospinal fluid leak (23%), decreased gag reflex (15%), abducens nerve paresis, hemiparesis and Claude Bernard Horner syndrome (8%). 50% of these complications disappeared three months later. Conclusions. The suprainfratentorial presigmoidal approach and their surgical variations could be utilized to obtaining a low morbimortality, in the treatment of different neoplasm and vascular diseases of the petrous and petroclival region.
The Temporal Smile. Speech therapy for facial palsy patients after temporal lengthening myoplasty; We present our approach to speech therapy developed for patients with definitive peripheral facial palsy treated by temporal lengthening myoplasty. The main goal is to rehabilitate smiling function, a major component in social communication codes, by transferring labial and jugal functions to the transferred temporal muscle. Several phases are involved. The first phase, termed the Mandibular Smile involves mobilization of the mandible (original function of the temporal) by contraction of the transferred temporal and inducing an elevation of the commissura labiorum. The second phase, the Voluntary Temporal Smile is obtained by contraction of the temporal independently of mandibular movement which remains under voluntary control. The smile produces should become as symmetrical as possible. Finally, the last phase is designed to achieve a spontaneous smile independent of mandibular movement Spontaneous Temporal Smile. Temporal contraction should produce both a "real" expressive smile and good quality articulate speech, saliva evacuation, prehension, and labial junction. Acquisition of the Temporal Smile involves cerebral plasticity implying rehabilitation processes both on the peripheral and central levels.
Management of vestibular schwannoma by fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy and associated cerebrospinal fluid malabsorption; Object. The goal of this study was to investigate outcomes in patients with vestibular schwannoma (VS) who were treated with fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy (SRT). Methods. One hundred one patients with VS were treated with fractionated SRT at a radiation level of 40 to 50 Gy administered in 20 to 25 fractions over a 5- to 6-week period. The median tumor size in these patients was 19 mm (range 3-40 mm), and 27 tumors were larger than 25 mm. Patients were consistently followed up using magnetic resonance imaging every 6 months for 5 years in principle. The median follow-up period was 45 months. The actuarial 5-year rate of tumor control (no growth > 2 mm and no requirement for salvage surgery) was 91.4% (95% confidence interval 85.2-97.6%). Three patients with progressive tumors underwent salvage tumor resection. The actuarial 5-year rate of useful hearing preservation (Gardner-Robertson Class I or II) was 71%. The observed complications of fractionated SRT included transient facial nerve palsy (4% of patients), trigeminal neuropathy (14% of patients), and balance disturbance (17% of patients). No new permanent facial weakness occurred after fractionated SRT. Eleven patients (11%) who had progressive communicating hydrocephalus (cerebrospinal fluid malabsorption) and no evidence of tumor growth after fractionated SRT required a shunt. The symptoms of this type of hydrocephalus were similar to those of normal-pressure hydrocephalus and occurred 4 to 20 months (median 12 months) after fractionated SRT. The mean size (± standard deviation) of tumors causing symptomatic hydrocephalus (25.5 ± 7.8 mm) was significantly larger than that of other tumors (18.2 ± 8.7 mm) (p = 0.011). Only four of the 72 patients with tumors smaller than 25 mm in maximum diameter received a shunt. Conclusions. Fractionated SRT resulted in an excellent tumor control rate, even for relatively large tumors, and produced a high rate of hearing preservation that was comparable to the best results of single-fraction radiosurgery. The progression of communicating hydrocephalus should be monitored closely, particularly in patients harboring a large VS.
Otoacoustic emissions; Purpose of review: Otoacoustic emissions offer the practitioner a number of beneficial features as a noninvasive and objective measure of the ear's ability to process acoustic stimuli. Recent findings: Since their discovery, a number of clinical applications of otoacoustic emissions have been established, including their utility in the differential diagnosis of sensorineural hearing loss, in the screening of cochlear function in infants and other difficult-to-test patients, and in the monitoring of outer hair cell healthiness in patients who are exposed to potentially damaging agents or who have progressive hearing ailments. Summary: Clinical applications of OAEs have developed very rapidly and OAEs have become the standard of care, at least, for pediatric patients. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A last resort in myeloma; • There is no reference treatment for patients with multiple myeloma who have relapsed, or not responded to first-line treatment. • Thalidomide has been granted temporary authorisation in France for patients with multiple myeloma who have no other therapeutic option. • A non comparative trial of thalidomide therapy in 169 patients showed an increase in the survival time of a few months with an oral dose of 200 mg to 800 mg/day. In other trials the main endpoint was a fall in the circulating level of monoclonal immunoglobulin. • Three non comparative trials of the thalidomide + dexamethasone combination failed to show a survival advantage relative to thalidomide alone. There is no evidence that adding one or several cytotoxic agents to this combination improves outcomes, but assessment is limited to three small non comparative trials. • Thalidomide has many adverse effects, including neuropathies (often irreversible) and venous thromboembolism. It is highly teratogenic, and its use by men and women of childbearing potential is subject to strict conditions. • In practice, thalidomide monotherapy is justified for patients with multiple myeloma who have no other therapeutic option. All patients should be given comprehensive information on the risk-benefit ratio of this drug.
Cost-effectiveness of intraoperative facial nerve monitoring in middle ear or mastoid surgery; Objectives: Despite the utility of intraoperative facial nerve monitoring in reducing the risk of iatrogenic facial nerve injury during neurotologic surgery, its routine use during primary or revision surgery remains controversial. One of the major barriers to its acceptance is cost. This study evaluates the cost-effectiveness of intraoperative facial nerve monitoring during middle ear or mastoid surgery. Research Design/Methods: A simple decision analytic cost-effectiveness model and a societal approach were used to evaluate three cohorts of individuals who received (1) intraoperative facial nerve monitoring for both primary and revision middle ear or mastoid surgeries, or (2) facial nerve monitoring for revision surgeries only, or (3) no monitoring for any middle ear or mastoid surgeries. Results: Our results strongly favored the use of intraoperative facial nerve monitoring in all patients undergoing middle ear or mastoid surgery, adding about $222.73 to $528.00 to the total cost. The strategy to monitor primary and revision surgeries had the greatest effectiveness and lowest cost, with an average quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) of 45.68 at an average cost of $238. Facial nerve monitoring in revision patients only had similar QALYs (45.67) and higher costs ($292.1). Finally, the strategy not to monitor had the lowest QALY (45.65) and highest cost ($449.8). The analysis was robust across a wide range of changes in both costs and probabilities. Conclusions: Facial nerve monitoring is cost-effective, and its routine use should be adopted to reduce the risk of iatrogenic facial nerve injury during otologic surgery.
Acyclovir in the treatment of Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is an herpetic disease with ominous prognosis regarding the facial nerve. Treatment with acyclovir, a well-known virostatic agent, has been given in a small number of patients in recent years with excellent results. We report on the administration of acyclovir intravenously for 7 days in 31 patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, with overall recovery rate of 82.6%. There were no side effects regarding this treatment.
Endoscopic-assisted repair of subcondylar fractures; Objective. To evaluate outcomes of a series of mandibular subcondylar fractures repaired with endoscopic reduction and fixation. Study Design. Six consecutive subcondylar fractures were treated endoscopically. Intermaxillary fixation was used intraoperatively to aid in fracture reduction. A modified Risdon incision was used to gain access to the lateral ramus, and a modified retractor and endoscope were used for retraction and visualization. Fracture fixation was achieved with a 2-mm titanium plate and screws. Patients were evaluated clinically and radiographically for 6 months and functional, radiographic, and esthetic parameters were assessed at each time period (1, 2, 4, 12, and 24 weeks). Results. All patients demonstrated a stable occlusion in the postoperative period and anatomic alignment of the condyle radiographically. By 1 month, maximum interincisal opening was 42.2 ± 5.7 mm. There was no joint noise or temporomandibular joint (TMJ) pain postoperatively. Radiographs at each follow-up visit indicated the ramus height was maintained in most cases. There was minimal transient facial nerve paresis following surgery. Scar perception was considered acceptable by all patients. Operative times were acceptable as well. Conclusion. Endoscopic-assisted repair of subcondylar fractures is an additional tool for management of subcondylar fractures, however there is a steep learning curve based on this study. The technique allows good visualization of the fracture site for reduction through an incision with an acceptable cosmetic result.
Accidental carotid artery injury caused by a horse rope; A 37 year old woman who had bred horses for more than 20 years was leading two horses in a horse corral. One horse bolted and the lead rope wrapped around her neck. Four hours after the accident, she developed sudden aphasia, right facial palsy, and right arm weakness. Conventional and magnetic resonance angiography showed complete traumatic occlusion of the left common carotid artery due to thrombosis at the C6/7 level. There was good collateral flow from the other side. The patient was maintained on heparin followed by warfarin and recovered completely by the third day. This case shows the importance of suspecting vascular injury and thrombosis after trauma to sites of major vessels.
Analysis of the neurologic demand of immigrant population in a outpatient neurological consultation; Introduction: We analyse the demand for neurologic care reasons for consultation and diagnoses of the immigrant population in two extrahospitalary neurological outpatient clinics. Patients and methods: A prospective one-year study of first visits of adult immigrant patients sent to the neurological outpatient clinic. Results: A total of 342 patients were included in the study. They represented 9.4 % of total patients in one clinic and 4.1 % in another. The average age was 32.9 years old. There was a predominance of women (62.2 %). The average stay in our country was two years. Latinamerica (specially from Ecuador and Colombia), Morocco and East Europe were mainly the origin of the patients. The cause of consultation was headache in a half of the cases and neuromuscular pathology, epilepsy and psychiatric disorders were the next most frequent diagnoses in descending order. The most frequent diagnoses was tension-type headache, and in descending order of frequency: migraine and transformed migraine, epilepsy, carpal tunnel syndrome, idiopathic facial palsy, low back pain and sciatica and syncope. Tension-type headache and transformed migraine were in relation to their situation of immigrants (family, working, adaptive problems). Conclusions: The neurologic care demands in immigrant population is the same as in spanish one. These are a young people that fundamentally consults by headache (in relation to adaptive problems), neuromuscular disorders, epilepsy and psychiatric disorders. The public health service have to take into account this population to health resources planning.
KTP laser fine fenestra stapedotomy with vein graft interposition in the surgical management of otosclerosis; Otosclerosis is an hereditary disease of bone derived from the embryonic otic capsule. The exact aetiopathogenesis remains unclear. It can be associated with significant disability due to hearing impairment. Medical and surgical treatments, with varying degrees of effectiveness and complication rates, are available. The surgical method for the correction of the conductive hearing loss associated with otosclerosis continues to undergo technical refinement with the aim of improving results and minimising complications. The surgical technique of fine fenestra stapedotomy is well established. Here, we describe a new modification of this technique involving the use of a KTP laser. Based on the retrospective review of the results and complication rates of over 200 consecutive cases, we would like to recommend the technique of KTP laser fine fenestra stapedotomy in the surgical management of otosclerosis.
A comparison of initial treatment with losartan/HCTZ versus losartan monotherapy in Chinese patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension; The antihypertensive efficacy and tolerability of losartan/hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ) and losartan monotherapy as initial treatment were compared in a double-blind trial in Chinese patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension. Patients were randomised to initial treatment with either losartan/HCTZ (50 mg/12.5 mg) or losartan alone (50 mg). The doses were doubled after four weeks if diastolic blood pressure (SiDBP)was >90 mmHg. Both losartan/HCTZ and losartan alone significantly reduced SiDBP and SiSBP from baseline at the first measurement at 4 weeks (-10.1/-15.3 and -6.1/-6.9 mmHg, respectively; p<0.001) and at 8 weeks (-13.1/-18.5 and -8.7/-10.9 mmHg; p<0.001). The reductions with losartan/HCTZ were significantly greater than with losartan alone at weeks 4 and 8 (p<0.001). Both regimens were similarly well tolerated In conclusion, initial therapy with losartan/HCTZ is effective and well tolerated in the treatment of Chinese patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension and produces a greater reduction in blood pressure than losartan alone.
Hypermanganesemia in an Acute Care Setting; Hypermanganesemia has recently been reported in long-term home parenteral nutrition patients receiving routine trace element supplementation. Because the regulation of manganese involves intestinal absorption and biliary excretion, patients receiving parenteral nutrition, especially those with hepatic dysfunction, may be at risk for manganese toxicity. This case study describes a patient in an acute care setting who had been receiving parenteral nutrition for 7 months. When neurologic symptoms developed, she was found to have a whole blood manganese level almost 3 times normal. Manganese was eliminated from the trace element solution, and a whole blood level was rechecked 3 months later, showing a significant decrease and a marked improvement in facial paralysis and headaches.
Managements of complicated otitic abscess; The advent of antibiotics has significantly reduced the incidence and associated morbidity of otogenic complications. Its presentation, however, has dramatically changed and appears as a masked condition despite the presence of a potentially fatal complication. Between 1998 and 2001, 3 cases of otitic abscesses, including mastoid subperiosteal abscess, zygomatic abscess, and retropharyngeal abscess, were collected retrospectively. Their clinical presentation, results of investigations, and response to treatment were reviewed. After admission, intravenous antibiotics were prescribed and early surgeries were performed for eradication of infection source. The patients exhibited excellent postoperative recovery, without facial palsy, vertigo or other complications. To be a contemporary otologist, we should not overlook such severe complications of otologic diseases. Appropriate intravenous antibiotics and adequate surgeries, as soon as possible, are recommended. Advanced magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomographic scans of the temporal bone with wider windows are necessary.
Leiomyosarcoma of the parotid gland metastatic to the scalp: A rare primary location with unusual metastatic lesion; We are reporting an extremely rare case of leiomyosarcoma of the parotid gland in a 33-year-old-woman, who was initially treated with surgery and post-operative radiotherapy. The patient developed an isolated metastatic lesion in the scalp region 15 months after treatment of her primary disease. The scalp lesion was surgically excised and radiotherapy was given. Currently, she remains disease free 4 years and 9 months following the diagnosis of her metastatic disease. Scalp metastasis from leiomyosarcoma of the parotid gland has not been reported. In fact, scalp metastasis from leiomyosarcoma of any other anatomic site or from any malignant tumor of parotid gland has not been mentioned in the literature.
Clinics in diagnostic imaging (90); An 11-year-old boy presented with a nasopharyngeal mass that was thought to represent a juvenile angiofibroma based on the initial clinical and radiological evaluation. Partial tumour resection was performed. Resected specimen revealed histological diagnosis of undifferentiated carcinoma. Further evaluation of the tumour including MR imaging, radioisotope bone scan, CT thorax and abdomen were performed. Differential diagnoses of childhood nasopharyngeal masses were discussed. The differences between childhood NPC and adult NPC, rhabdomyosarcoma, malignant lymphoma and juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma were also discussed.
Pectoral muscle hematoma caused by enoxaparin; Enoxaparin, which is a low molecular weight heparin, exerts its effect by inhibiting the activity of thrombin and acting as antifactor Xa. The rate of major hemorrhagic complications during enoxaparin treatment has been reported to be 1.9-6.5%. We present a 90-year-old male patient who had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in his background, who was admitted to hospital with pneumonia and acute respiratory failure. His neurological examination revealed left central facial paralysis with left hemiparesia. His cerebral computed tomography was normal and with his clinical informative data he was diagnosed with atherothrombotic acute ischemic stroke. Enoxaparin 60 mg (1.5 mg/kg/day) subcutaneously every 12 hours was initiated. A painful and tender mass lesion developed on the right pectoral muscle on the 20th day of treatment. Right pectoral muscle ultrasound and thoracal computed tomography revealed a hematoma 60 t 90 mm. There are reports about some patients that have developed hematoma inside the iliopsoas and rectus abdommis muscles, subdural hematoma, spontaneous hemothorax and retroperitoneal hematoma during enoxoparin treatment. However, intrapectoral hemorrhage has not been reported before.
The cosmetic use of botulinum toxin; The approach to facial rejuvenation continues to evolve. For decades, the primary focus on rejuvenation has centered on modalities such as skin care, skin resurfacing, soft-tissue augmentation, and surgical intervention. A better understanding of the physiologic changes that occur with facial aging lends itself to new approaches and techniques that are mindful of the causes. As animation has shown to be a significant contributor to both the appearance of facial lines and soft-tissue malposition, there has been recent interest in chemodenervating agents and their applications in the field of facial rejuvenation. These agents, by and large, efface rhytides by selective and precise focal paralysis of the underlying facial musculature and, therefore, reduce or eliminate the prominence of the overlying rhytides. In addition, chemodenervation can serve as an adjunct for facial rejuvenation because of its influence on facial soft-tissue position and shape. Botulinum toxin, derived from Clostridium botulinum, is the most widely used agent; therefore, this new modality, its applications in cosmetic plastic surgery, and its applications to other areas will be discussed.
Acute mastoiditis in children: Clinical and bacteriological study of 17 cases; Objective: Acute mastoiditis (AM) represents the most frequent complication of acute otitis media (AOM) in children. In the literature, its incidence is stable but with an impressive increase in pneumococci with reduced sensitivity to penicillin (PRSP). The aim of this study was to assess the incidence of AM in the area of Tours and the prevalence of PRSR Method: This was a retrospective study of children admitted to the regional paediatric centre in the Tours area, between January 1994 and May 2001. The coded AM files were analysed, excluding all the sub-acute forms or those complicating a cholesteatoma. The criteria studied concerned the clinical signs on admission, the imaging data and the bacteriological samples and the results of treatment. Results: Seventeen children (8 boys, 9 girls) were admitted for an AM during the study period. Their mean age was of 3.2 years (range: 6 months to 13 years). In 24% of cases, the mastoiditis existed on admission and in 59% of cases it complicated an AMO already treated with antibiotics. In 3 cases (18%), the AM was complicated on admission with peripheral facial paralysis in one case and thrombosis of the lateral sinus in 2 cases. The germ responsible was identified in 14 cases (82%) with a predominance of pneumococci (11 cases). Eight were PRSP-type. Scan of the pars petrosa identified a subperiosteal abscess in 13 cases. Fourteen mastoidectomies were performed and the mean duration of antibiotic therapy was of 23 days. The outcome was always good. Conclusion: Over the past 7 years, the incidence of AM has been estimated at 1.2/100 000 children aged under 15 per year. The prevalence of PRSP is high but does not change the principles or the results of the treatment of AM. © 2003, Masson, Paris.
Effects of magnetic fields on health and disease; The use of magnetic materials and devices for therapeutic and/or rejuvenation purposes dates back to the ancient Greeks, Chinese and Egyptians. In the early 1500's, Paracelsus used magnets in an attempt to treat epilepsy, gastrointestinal disease and hemorrhage problems. In the early 1600's William Gilbert treated strangulated hernias with magnets [1]. Magnetotherapy has been used to treat many health problems and diseases including bone fractures, pain, facial paralysis, arthritis, osteoporosis, varicose ulcers, phlebitis and cancer [2, 3, 4, 5, 6]. With respect to therapeutic modalities utilized in cancer treatment, magnetic fields exhibit characteristics similar to those associated with chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. Under certain conditions; magnetotherapy, chemotherapy and radiation therapy can be used to treat cancer. If the conditions change, some studies suggest that all three of the above therapeutic modalities can be contributing factors to cancer. For many years, the field of magnetotherapy has been plagued with the inappropriate use of various mathematical models and physical principles. A few critics would state that the models and principles used in this paper are incorrectly applied. In truth, the equations and relationships from mathematics and physics, discussed in this paper, are valid up to a point. The mathematical models and physical principles that follow can help the reader to characterize and visualize some of the interactions and processes that occur in magnetotherapy. However, the mathematical models and physical principles that appear in this paper may not always provide the level of rigor, clarity, accuracy and precision that we would like to see, as we consider a wide range of magnetic field orientations, intensities, frequencies, etc. interacting with biological systems. At times, the material in this paper may appear to stray from oncology concerns. For instance, the application of therapeutic magnetic fields for a wide variety of health problems and diseases, including fracture healing and neurological disorders, will be included. The relationship that of this material has to oncology will be discussed at the end of the paper.
Intraparotid facial nerve schwannoma: a case report; OBJECTIVE: We describe a case of intraparotid facial nerve schwannoma. About sixty patients with intraparotid tumors have been reported in the literature. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A 89-year-old female patient presented with a history of progressive facial palsy and a left intraparotid mass. The mass was removed by parotidectomy for definitive diagnosis and treatment. We reviewed the findings in comparison with data in the literature. RESULTS: The well-encapsulated tumor arose from the superior branch of the intraparotid facial nerve. As the tumor could not be dissected from the nerve, a segment of facial nerve was sacrificed and repaired by interposing a greater auricular nerve. The final pathological diagnosis was schwannoma arising from the facial nerve. DISCUSSION: This case illustrates the clinical and pathologic features of intraparatid facial nerve schwannoma and points out the pitfalls of diagnosis and treatment. Consensus has recognized total resection surgery with facial nerve sacrifice as the most reasonable treatment for these tumors. We discuss the currently accepted management approach as well as the different treatment modalities for recovering facial function.
Otogenic cavernous sinus thrombophlebitis. A case report; OBJECTIVES: Acquire knowledge concerning the diagnosis and treatment of otogenic cavernous sinus thrombophlebitis. PATIENT AND METHODS: We report a case of otogenic cavernous sinus thrombophlebitis (CST) in a 6-year-old boy. RESULTS: CST diagnosis was based on clinical signs (septic illness, ocular nerve palsy and chemosis), and neuro-imaging confirmed the diagnosis. Contrast-enhanced CT scan demonstrates different signs: (i) filling defect or heterogeneous enhancement of cavernous sinus, (ii) cavernous sinus enlargement with bulging of the lateral wall, (iii) intensive enhancement of lateral wall corresponding to enhancement of a collateral network replacing the thrombosed cavernous veins, (iiii) and sometimes indirect orbital signs (exophthalmus, densification of the retro-orbital fat, superior ophthalmic dilatation with partial or no enhancement in case of thrombosis extension). The bacteria most frequently found are Streptococci, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Staphylococcus aureus, Gram-negative rods and anaerobes combined. The therapeutic management of CST consists of intravenous administration of appropriate antibiotics combined radical mastoidectomy if medical therapy has failed. Anticoagulant therapy is controversial. CONCLUSION: Knowledge of early diagnosis of otogenic cavernous sinus is important because prior to the antibiotic era, CST was almost always fatal. Currently, therapeutic outcome is not always favorable due to high morbidity after aggressive treatment.
Cushing's syndrome due to ectopic production of corticotropin-releasing hormone in an infant with ganglioneuroblastoma.; OBJECTIVE: To report the first recognized case of Cushing's syndrome due to a corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH)-secreting ganglioneuroblastoma, which was found in an 18-month-old boy with hypertensive encephalopathy. METHODS: The clinical, biochemical, and immunohistochemical characteristics of this rare syndrome are described, and the relevant literature is reviewed. RESULTS: An 18-month-old boy with a history of recent weight gain was admitted because of sudden onset of right fixed esotropia and left facial palsy after episodes of emesis. Magnetic resonance imaging showed old left frontal lobe and right hypothalamic infarcts. The patient had generalized obesity, decelerated linear growth, hypertrichosis, hypertension (144/103 mm Hg), hypokalemia, and proteinuria. The 24-hour urinary excretion of free cortisol, catecholamines, and metanephrines was increased. The serum cortisol concentration after a 1-mg overnight dexamethasone suppression test (DST) was 53.7 mg/dL (normal, <5). The serum adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) concentration was 7 pg/mL (normal, 10 to 60), and the CRH level was 439 pg/mL (normal, 24 to 40). An overnight high-dose DST (8 mg) failed to suppress serum cortisol; however, both cortisol and ACTH were responsive to ovine CRH stimulation. Despite discordant dynamic endocrine testing and negative somatostatin receptor scintigraphy, computed tomography showed a right 3.6- by 3.0-cm extra-adrenal retroperitoneal mass with central calcification extending 7 cm cephalocaudally. The patient underwent exploratory laparotomy, followed by chemotherapy. Findings on light microscopic and immunohistochemical examination of the retroperitoneal mass were consistent with a ganglioneuroblastoma that expressed CRH, pro-opiomelanocortin, and ACTH. CONCLUSION: The evaluation of Cushing's syndrome is one of the most complex endocrine challenges. In this case, it was due to ectopic production of CRH by a ganglioneuroblastoma. Because most CRH-producing tumors also secrete ACTH, the ectopic production may represent a paracrine phenomenon in addition to an endocrine phenomenon. The ectopic CRH may also indirectly provoke pituitary ACTH secretion. This dual mechanism may explain the resistance of the tumor to feedback inhibition and a CRH-stimulation response indistinguishable from that observed in pituitary-dependent Cushing's syndrome.
Comprehensive midfacial elevation for ocular complications of facial nerve palsy.; BACKGROUND: A chief morbidity of facial nerve palsy is ocular exposure, which is largely due to lower lid retraction and ectropion. OBJECTIVE: To assess the role of midfacial elevation in the comprehensive surgical treatment of paralytic lower lid malposition and ocular exposure. METHODS: Eleven patients with chronic facial nerve palsy causing symptomatic ocular exposure were treated with subperiosteal midface elevation as a component of comprehensive lower lid elevation. Other procedures were performed concomitantly to treat lower lid ligament laxity and reduced lower lid rigidity, as required. Preoperative and postoperative ocular exposure symptoms, visual acuity, lower lid position, lagophthalmos, and keratopathy were compared. RESULTS: At an average of 17 months of follow-up, all patients reported improvement in symptoms. Visual acuity was maintained or improved in all patients. Lower eyelid position (P =.003), lagophthalmos (P =.07), and keratopathy (P<.001) were also improved. CONCLUSIONS: Midfacial elevation is a safe and effective surgical adjunct in the treatment of lower eyelid retraction in chronic facial palsy. Its use reduces the need for tarsorrhaphy, which limits the binocular visual field and negatively impacts cosmesis.
Radiation tolerance of normal temporal bone structures: Implications for gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery; Popular current thought states that hearing loss and facial weakness after radiosurgery of vestibular schwannomas is a function of cranial nerve damage. Although this may be true in some cases, the middle and inner ear contain rich networks of other sensitive structures that are at risk after radiotherapy and that may contribute to toxicity afterward. We reviewed the limited reported data regarding radiation tolerance of external, middle, and inner ear structures, and perspectives for therapy with gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery are addressed. © 2003 Elsevier Inc.
A case of multiple cranial nerve involvement with varicella-zoster virus; Varicella-zoster virus causes not only vesicles, but also infectious cranial polyneuropathy, and facial and vestibular nerve paralysis (Ramsay Hunt's syndrome). We report a case of unilateral paralysis of the VII, IX, and X cranial nerves caused by varicella-zoster virus. The patient, a 56-year-old female, was admitted to our hospital complaining of sore throat, left otalgia and rash on the left auricle. A herpetic vesicle was present on the left arytenoid, and the soft palate was infected, but we could not see any paralysis. The day after admission, she suddenly developed of left facial paralysis, hoarseness, and difficulty in swallowing. Physical examinations revealed paralysis of the left soft palate, and left laryngeal paralysis. The serum antibody titer for varicella-zoster virus was significantly elevated on the 18th day. She was diagnosed as having unilateral paralysis of the VII, IX, and X cranial nerves caused by varicella-zoster virus. She was treated with intravenous acyclovir and steroid, and paralysis of the IX, and X cranial nerves was recovered, but facial nerve paralysis remained. MRI imaging indicated active inflammation of the facial nerve. We performed facial nerve surgical decompression, and facial paralysis was gradually improved.
Two cases of laryngeal palsy caused by varicella-zoster virus; We report two cases of vocal fold paralysis due to varicella-zoster virus infection. Both patients complained of otalgia and hoarseness and the serum antibody titers for varicella-zoster virus were significantly elevated. Neither patient showed facial palsy, and laryngeal electromyography showed reduced recruitment patterns in cricothyroid muscles and thyroarytenoid muscles on the affected side. These findings indicated the paralysis of the vagus nerve, but not the recurrence nerve. Acyclovir was administrated in both cases and the patients recovered from vocal fold paralysis within 3 months.
Intratumoral cisplatin/epinephrine gel in advanced head and neck cancer: A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, phase III study in North America; Background. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a novel intratumoral cisplatin/epinephrine injectable gel (CDDP/epi gel) for local control and palliation of tumor-related symptoms in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). Patients and Methods. Eighty-seven patients were randomly assigned to either CDDP/epi or placebo gel in this phase III, double-blind study. Tumors were ≤20 cm 3; most recurrences (88%) were in a previously irradiated field. The most symptomatic or threatening tumor was designated as the target tumor. Dose: 0.25 mL CDDP/epi gel/cm3 tumor volume. Treatments: ≤6 weekly intratumoral injections in an 8-week period. Primary outcomes: target tumor response and symptom relief. Results. During the blinded phase, 34% (21 of 62) of patients achieved an objective response (CR or PR) in the target tumor treated with CDDP/epi gel vs 0% (0 of 24) treated with placebo gel (p < .001). Responses occurred within a median of four treatments (range, 2-6) and were durable (median, 95 days; range, 34-168+ days). More patients treated with CDDP/epi gel achieved palliative benefit than did those treated with placebo gel (37% vs 12%, p = .036). Most frequent side effects were local pain and local cutaneous reactions, which resolved over 3-12 weeks. Renal and hematologic toxicities were rare. Conclusions. This phase III trial showed that CDDP/epi gel significantly reduces tumor burden, palliates tumor-related symptoms, and is an effective local treatment for recurrent tumors. © 2003 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Seeding of a cavernous angioma with Mycoplasma hominis: Case report; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: To describe a unique case of hematogenous seeding of a cavernous angioma with the commensal organism Mycoplasma hominis. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 40-year-old female patient presented with a severe headache and acute left facial nerve palsy. Imaging studies revealed a right frontal mass lesion with characteristics of a cavernous angioma. INTERVENTION: The patient underwent a craniotomy for cavernous angioma resection. Purulent material was noted at the time of resection, and no hemorrhage was observed. Despite antibiotic therapy, the patient required repeat craniotomies for subsequent abscess treatment. M. hominis was identified as the pathogen. CONCLUSION: M. hominis is a rare cause of brain abscesses and can be difficult to eradicate. Cavernous angiomas can be seeded hematogenously.
Preoperative and postoperative electroneurographic facial nerve monitoring in patients with parotid tumors; Objective: To assess the value of clinical (House-Brackmann grading) and neurophysiological (conventional electroneurography) monitoring of the facial nerve before and after (at day 10 and day 80) microsurgical parotidectomy in a group of patients with parotid tumors. Study Design and Settings From January 7, 1999, to February 27, 2001, 33 patients were evaluated for parotid neoplasms confirmed by cytologic examination: 27 were benign and 6 were malignant epithelial tumors. All patients underwent preoperative electroneurography of the affected side and the normal contralateral side. Results: Preoperatively, 27 of 33 patients with benign lesions had normal facial nerve function on clinical and neurophysiological evaluation, while 3 of 6 patients with malignant lesions showed compound muscle action potential abnormalities of amplitude and latency, in the absence of facial nerve deficits. At the first postoperative evaluation, 2 of 6 patients with epithelial cancer and 4 of 27 patients with benign tumors had an absence of voluntary activity and compound muscle action potentials after nerve stimulation at the stylomastoid foramen; 1 patient with a malignant lesion and 5 patients with benign tumors had a transient facial palsy with amplitude reduction or latency prolongation of compound muscle action potential. This abnormality persisted in 2 of 27 patients at the second evaluation performed at day 80 after surgery. In 2 of 6 patients with malignant lesions, the day-80 electroneurogram showed a complete absence of nerve conduction. Conclusion: Electroneurography is a sensitive tool for monitoring clinically silent facial nerve function deficits in the context of preoperative tumor-induced damage and postsurgical early and late follow-up of nerve function.
Sialolithiasis management: The state of the art; Sialolithiasis is the main cause of unilateral diffuse parotid or submandibular gland swelling. Its incidence has been poorly studied but seems to be much higher than the classic data published by Rauch of 1 case per 300 000 people per year. In a recent study, based on hospital admission figures in England, Escudier and McGurk estimated this incidence to be between 1 per 15 000 and 1 per 30 000. Personal observations of an incidence between 1 per 10000 and 1 per 20000 seem to confirm these results (F.M. and P.D., unpublished data, 2002). Sialolithiasis results in a mechanical obstruction of the salivary duct, causing repetitive swelling during meals, which can remain transitory or be complicated by bacterial infections. Traditionally, recurring episodes necessitate treatment by open surgery, and sialolithiasis still represents the most frequent reason for submandibular gland resection. Interestingly, parotid gland resection remains less frequent, probably because of the higher incidence of postoperative complications such as facial paresis.
Repeat operations in the management of clival chordomas: Palliative surgery; Some chordomas have a very poor prognosis because of their aggressive growth nature, but the efficacy of repeat operations for these cases has not been well documented. This report concerns 3 patients with aggressive chordoma of the clivus, who underwent operations 6 to 12 times over a period of 8 to 17 years because of symptomatic regrowth. Overall mean interval between repeat operations was 18 months with a range from 5 to 57 months and survival times were 9 to 19 years after the first surgery. Main symptoms before each operation were diplopia and visual disturbance. Repeat palliative operations by intentional extradural debulking of the tumour to decompress offending neural structures, as well as maximal removal of the tumour, using appropriate skull base approaches, can mitigate progressive symptoms, and may result in better quality and some prolongation of life, although our patients gradually deteriorated neurologically throughout the clinical course. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pituitary tumour as a presenting symptom of a systemic lymphoma; Pituitary non Hodgkin malignant lymphomas are rare. We report a case of large cell systemic lymphoma with pituitary and meningeal localizations in a 40-year-old patient. The clinical picture was panhypopituitarism with MRI appearance of pituitary adenoma and VII and VIII cranial nerves involvement. Diagnosis was made by identification of lymphomatous cells in CSF. The patient deceased in less than one year despite chemotherapy.
Pediatric neurologic potpourri: Cases to remember; Neurological emergencies are many and varied. While some emergencies occur commonly, others are seen more infrequently and can create diagnostic dilemmas. The four cases presented in this paper are intended to expose the reader to uncommon yet consequential cases that can pass through the emergency department. In each case we identify, key concerns and offer up-to-date information on the patient management. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Problems with eating and drinking in patients with unilateral peripheral facial paralysis; Patients with facial paralysis not only suffer from asymmetry of the face, but also from problems with eating and drinking. To demonstrate that these patients have many problems with activities such as eating and drinking, we examined 17 outpatients with a unilateral peripheral facial paralysis for the presence of problems in these functions. To collect data, all patients completed a questionnaire concerning the problems they had directly following onset of the paralysis and at the moment of this study. In addition, they were examined to determine the severity of the paralysis, the problems with eating and drinking, their experiences regarding impairments and disabilities, and the compensatory behavior. The result of the study is a portrayal of problems and conscious or unconscious compensations. Furthermore, we concluded that the Sunnybrook Facial Grading System score does not predict the number of problems in eating and drinking, the number of compensations, and the emotional impact. Significant correlations are found only between various scores on Visual Analog Scales and the number of compensatory actions. Patients differ in how they experience the extensive problems due to the facial paralysis and in the extent to which they are successful in adaptation. Consulting a speech therapist for treatment of functional problems is a meaningful adjunct to regular therapy. The treatment of deglutition disorders can be best based upon the detailed information of the questionnaire and the examination of eating, drinking, and compensatory behavior.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome caused by saprodontia: A case report; A 24-year-old female patient with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) in association with saprodontia is reported. She presented with lower labial swelling and left facial edema. Histological examination of the involved oral mucosa showed a noncaseating epithelioid granuloma. Results from the laboratory and imaging examinations were normal or negative. Her orofacial swelling disappeared after treatment of the saprodontia of the left first molar.
Diseases of the peripheral and visual nervous system during infection with human immunodeficiency virus; Introduction. Infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is often accompanied by neurological complications. One of these includes disorders affecting the peripheral and visual nervous system, especially during the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) stage. Development. The peripheral neuropathies associated with infection by HIV are an assorted group of disorders, which include acute or chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, multiple mononeuropathy and neuropathies related to the herpes zoster virus or cytomegalo virus. The most common and clinically important of the neuropathies is painful distal sensory polyneuropathy (DSP). The most severely affected cranial nerves are V and VII. The isolation of HIV from the affected nerves suggests a direct role, but an immune mechanism is also possible. Although cytomegalovirus may be associated with a variety of peripheral nerve syndromes, its clinical presentation as a primary demyelinating polyneuropathy is unusual. Conclusions, DSP and antiretroviral toxic neuropathy are the most common HIV-associated neuropathies. Both HIV infection, by itself, and the neurotoxicity of certain drugs in tritherapy contribute to the development of painful peripheral sensory neuropathy. In researching into the cause of HIV-associated neuropathy further studies are needed to determine the relative roles played by the viral infection and the activation of the immunological factors that contribute to the pathogenesis of the damage done in axons, the dorsal root ganglion and in the sensory pathways in the spinal cord.
Isolated ring-enhancing lesion of the brainstem in a patient with cyanotic heart disease: Role of stereotactic intervention; A 23-year-old man with cyanotic heart disease, presented with a ring-enhancing mass in the brainstem. Stereotactic intervention for this clinically and radiologically diagnosed pyogenic abscess, revealed a tuberculoma. Antituberculous therapy led to complete recovery. Stereotactic intervention is an ideal management strategy in patients with cyanotic heart disease and an isolated ring-enhancing mass in the brainstem.
Ataxic Guillain-Barré syndrome with delayed facial diplegia; We described a patient with ataxic Guillain-Barré syndrome who subsequently developed facial diplegia. A 38-year-old man developed ataxia, distal limb paresthesias, mild dysphagia, urinary retention and orthostatic hypotension a week after an episode of laryngitis. He had high titers of serum anti-GQ1b, anti-GD1b, anti-GM1b, anti-GT1A, and anti-GD1a IgG antibodies during the acute phase. Although the initial symptoms markedly improved by intravenous immunoglobulin therapy, asymmetric facial diplegia subsequently occurred and remained longer than ataxia. Similar course of facial nerve palsy has been reported in patients with Fisher syndrome. Common pathophysiological mechanism may function in the development of delayed facial diplegia in Fisher syndrome and ataxic Guillain-Barré syndrome.
Cranial polyneuropathy with Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is characterized by facial nerve paralysis, herpetic vesicles around the ear and pain. It is often associated with VIII cranial nerve involvement. This syndrome can affect other cranial nerves, so it is thought to be a cranial polyneuropathy caused by the varicela zoster virus. We report 3 cases of Ramsay Hunt syndrome with involvement of VII, VIII, IX, X cranial nerves.
Basilar artery aneurysm: report of a case; We present a case of a patient with vertigo, disequilibrium and facial palsy. Nistagmus features pointed to a diagnosis of central vertigo. MRI showed a basilar aneurysm that compressed the brain stem and caused a stroke. We review the diagnosis.
Bilateral ptosis following wasp sting.; We report a case of bilateral ptosis due to wasp sting which was completely treatable.
Single-fraction vs. fractionated linac-based stereotactic radiosurgery for vestibular schwannoma: A single-institution study; Purpose: In this single-institution trial, we investigated whether fractionated stereotactic radiation therapy is superior to single-fraction linac-based radiosurgery with respect to treatment-related toxicity and local control in patients with vestibular schwannoma. Methods and Materials: All 129 vestibular schwannoma patients treated between 1992 and June 2000 at our linac-based radiosurgery facility were analyzed with respect to treatment schedule. Dentate patients were prospectively selected for a fractionated schedule of 5 × 4 Gy and later on 5 × 5 Gy at the 80% isodose in 1 week with a relocatable stereotactic frame. Edentate patients were prospectively selected for a nonfractionated treatment of 1 × 10 Gy and later on 1 × 12.5 Gy at 80% isodose with an invasive stereotactic frame. Both MRI and CT scans were made in all 129 patients within 1 week before treatment. All patients were followed yearly with MRI and physical examination. Results: A fractionated schedule was given to 80 patients and a single fraction to 49 patients. Mean follow-up time was 33 months (range: 12-107 months). There was no statistically significant difference between the single-fraction group and the fractionated group with respect to mean tumor diameter (2.6 vs. 2.5 cm) or mean follow-up time (both 33 months). Only mean age (63 years vs. 49 years) was statistically significantly different (p = 0.001). Outcome differences between the single-fraction treatment group and the fractionated treatment group with respect to 5-year local control probability (100% vs. 94%), 5-year facial nerve preservation probability (93% vs. 97%), and 5-year hearing preservation probability (75% vs. 61%) were not statistically significant. The difference in 5-year trigeminal nerve preservation (92% vs. 98%) reached statistical significance (p = 0.048). Conclusion: Linac-based single-fraction radiosurgery seems to be as good as linac-based fractionated stereotactic radiation therapy in vestibular schwannoma patients, except for a small difference in trigeminal nerve preservation rate in favor of a fractionated schedule. © 2003 Elsevier Inc.
A randomized, placebo-controlled trial of IGF-1 for delayed graft function: A human model to study postischemic ARF; Background. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1) has been shown in animal models to accelerate recovery from acute renal failure (ARF). However, a therapeutic trial of recombinant human (rh) IGF-1 in patients with ARF in the intensive care unit (ICU) failed to demonstrate efficacy [1]. Such patients often had multiple organ failure, recurrent renal injury, and a delay of several days before commencing treatment. Methods. To circumvent these confounding factors, we randomized recipients of cadaveric renal allografts to immediate (<5 hours) rhIGF-1 versus placebo therapy (100 mg/kg subcutaneously twice a day for 6 days). Preliminary observations 3 hours posttransplantation in an additional 44 patients revealed a creatinine clearance ≤ 20 mL/min to predict protracted ARF. Thus, this value was used to determine study eligibility. Results. Creatinine clearance prior to commencing treatment was not significantly different between the two groups (8 ± 5 mL/min for IGF-1 and 7 ± 6 mL/min for placebo; P = 0.39). Inulin clearance on day 7, the primary outcome measure, was 21 ± 22 mL/min and 19 ± 19 mL/min in the IGF-1 (N = 19) and placebo (N = 24) groups, respectively (P = 0.67). Secondary outcome measures, including nadir serum creatinines after 6 weeks and need for dialysis, also did not differ between the two groups. We performed an analysis of statistical power using the placebo arm of the trial. Defining a twofold increase above placebo in day 7 glomerular filtration rate (GFR) as of meaningful biologic significance, we determined that the modest sample size used in the present study is adequate. Conclusion. We, thus, conclude that (1) IGF-1 treatment is unlikely to benefit ARF and (2) the transplanted kidney is a good model to screen new agents for ARF that have demonstrated promise in animal trials.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with otologic and neurologic symptoms: Clinical and pathological correlations; A case of Wegener's granulomatosis in a 59-year-old woman is reported. The disease first involved the parotid gland, the brain stem and the spinal cord, then running a rapidly progressive course as systemic pathology. Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (cANCA) levels raised as renal failure set in. Renal biopsy confirmed the diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis and an appropriate therapy was adopted.
Facial nerve paralysis following cochlear implant surgery; Objectives: Facial nerve paralysis is a rare but devastating complication of cochlear implant surgery. The aims of the study were to define the incidence of facial nerve paralysis in our series and understand possible mechanisms of injury. Study Design: Retrospective chart review and case reports. Methods: Charts were reviewed of all 705 patients implanted between 1980 and 2002 at the authors' institutions to identify those with postoperative facial nerve weakness and determine incidence. For patients with facial nerve weakness, onset, degree, and timing of paralysis were noted; clinical findings were correlated to operative report findings. The method of treatment was noted, and the final facial nerve function outcome was recorded. Results: Five patients (one child and four adults) were found to have postoperative facial nerve weakness, for an incidence of 0.71%. This complication was delayed in all cases, ranging from 18 hours to 19 days postoperatively. All patients were treated with steroids or steroids combined with antiviral medication, and all ultimately recovered normal facial function. Conclusions: In the study series, the incidence of facial nerve paralysis following cochlear implant surgery was 0.71%. Possible mechanisms of injury included heating injury and viral reactivation. All patients presented with a delayed facial nerve paralysis and did recover normal facial nerve function.
Percutaneous trigeminal ganglion balloon compression for treatment of trigeminal neuralgia, part II: Results related to compression duration; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to find out how different compression time affects the results of percutaneous trigeminal ganglion compression for treatment of trigeminal neuralgia. METHODS: This study includes 80 patients with intractable third-branch trigeminal (V3) neuralgia who had received percutaneous trigeminal ganglion balloon compression. All the patients received same treatment protocol except for the duration of compression. Group 1 patients received 60-second and Group 2 patients received 180-second compression. A computerized pressure recording system was used for pressure monitoring and analysis. RESULTS: Both groups had 100% immediate pain relief and all patients experienced mastication weakness immediately after the procedure. The facial numbness was severe in Group 2 in the first trigeminal (V1) distribution (p < 0.05) but not in the second or third trigeminal (V2, 3) distribution (p > 0.05) in the immediate period after the operation. The recurrence rate in the first year follow-up was higher in Group 1 (5%) than in Group 2 (2.5%) but did not reach the statistical difference (p > 0.05). At 1 year follow-up after the procedure, Group 1 had lower incidence of facial numbness over all trigeminal distribution (V1,2,3) than Group 2 (p < 0.05) mastication weakness all recovered during the first year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: With accurate monitoring of the balloon pressure during the percutaneous trigeminal ganglion compression, it was found that the shorter duration of compression had less side effect. At one year follow-up, the incidence of recurrence rate was slightly higher in the patients who received 60-second compression than in those who received 180-second compression, but there was no significant statistical difference. Whether patients with first or second branch of trigeminal neuralgia require longer compression duration needs further study. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A facial nerve study using transcranial magnetic paired stimulation; Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the refractory period of the facial nerve by transcranial magnetic paired stimulation (TMPS) with as short interstimulus interval (ISI) as possible. Also, by applying TMPS, the long latency response obtained at the same time was recorded and its neurophysiological characteristics were studied. Methods: (Experiment 1) The subjects comprised of 30 normal volunteers and 19 patients with Bell's palsy. The experiments were carried out using two sets of Magstim model 200 and Bistim modules, a large coil measuring 90 mm in diameter with a maximal output of 2.0 tesla (T), and a Neuropack 8 (Nihon Kohden Co., Japan) to control the stimulation and record the electromyographic findings. The amplitude of compound muscle action potentials (CMAP) to the orbicularis oris muscle was studied by TMPS at the parieto-occipital region. The ISI was set at 0.9, 1.1, 1.3, 1.5, 1.7, 1.9 and 2.1 ms in order to measure the refractory periods of the nerve. (Experiment 2) The subjects comprised of ten normal volunteers. The same method as in experiment 1 was carried out. However, this time, the lead electrodes were placed on the orbicularis oculi muscle, similar to that of the blink reflex. The ISI was set at 40, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300, 500, 800 and 1000 ms, and the effects of the facilitation and inhibition were studied. Results: (Experiment 1) In normal subjects, when the ISI was less than 1 ms, a significant decrease in the amplitude was noted. In severe palsy cases with House-Brackmann Grade IV-V TMS yielded no response. In two of the cases of House-Brackmann Grade III, the CMAP was obtained. (Experiment 2) The long latency response with TMPS was most strongly inhibited when ISI was 80 ms. Conclusion: We were able to investigate the refractory periods, the reflex pathway of the facial nerve and the trigeminal nerve including the pons and the medulla oblongata by TMPS. © 2003 Published Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Recovery of dynamic visual acuity in unilateral vestibular hypofunction; Objective: To determine the effect of vestibular exercises on the recovery of visual acuity during head movement in patients with unilateral vestibular hypofunction. Study Design: Prospective, randomized, double-blind study. Setting: Ambulatory referral center. Patients: Twenty-one patients with unilateral vestibular hypofunction, aged 20 to 86 years. Intervention: One group (13 patients) performed vestibular exercises designed to enhance the vestibulo-ocular reflex, and the other group (8 patients) performed placebo exercises. The placebo group was switched to vestibular exercises after 4 weeks. Outcome Measures: Measurements of dynamic visual acuity (DVA) during predictable (DVA-predictable) and unpredictable (DVA-unpredictable) head movements by means of a computerized test and measurement of intensity of oscillopsia by means of a visual analog scale. Results: As a group, patients who performed vestibular exercises showed a significant improvement in DVA-predictable (P<.001) and DVA-unpredictable (P<.001), while those performing placebo exercises did not (P=.07). On the basis of stepwise regression analysis, the leading factor contributing to improvement was vestibular exercises. This reached significance for DVA-predictable (P=.009) but not DVA-unpredictable (P=.11). Other factors examined included age, time from onset, initial DVA, oscillopsia, and duration of treatment. Changes in oscillopsia did not correlate with DVA-predictable or DVA-unpredictable. Conclusions: Use of vestibular exercises is the main factor involved in recovery of DVA-predictable and DVA-unpredictable in patients with unilateral vestibular hypofunction. Exercises may foster the use of centrally programmed eye movements that could substitute for the vestibulo -ocular reflex. The DVA-predictable would benefit more from this than would DVA-unpredictable.
Patients' perspectives on the short- and long-term outcomes following surgery for benign parotid neoplasms; Surgery for benign parotid gland salivary neoplasms is associated with sequelae: scar and divot defect and complications, facial nerve paresis/paralysis and Frey's syndrome. These potential sequelae and complications are discussed with all patients prior to operation. We contacted 212 patients who had undergone surgery for benign parotid disease during 1988-1997, by postal questionnaire. We enquired about their perception and recollection of the information they had received pre-operatively and to document and comment upon what problems they had experienced in the early and late post-operative period. The usable return rate was 75.5 per cent (173/212). Most patients (90 per cent) were satisfied with the information they had received pre-operatively. The complication and/or sequelae rates for facial nerve palsy (temporary 26.3 per cent, permanent 1.9 per cent), Frey's syndrome (12.5 per cent) and sensory deficit about the cheek and ear (30.6 per cent), are comparable to other published studies.
Facial nerve schwannoma in the inner auditory canal and geniculate ganglion; Background. Schwannoma of the vestibular nerve is the most common tumor found in the inner auditory canal. If a schwannoma of the facial nerve is found unexpectedly during surgery, the original surgical plan may have to be changed. In our series, we describe the symptoms, diagnostic procedures and therapy of this infrequent, benign tumor. In particular, we want to analyse the influence of diagnostic techniques, such as magnetic resonance tomography and electrophysiology, on the diagnosis of these tumors. Patients. Between 1975 and 2001, we diagnosed 17 cases of facial nerve schwannoma in the inner auditory canal or the geniculate ganglion. All patients were treated surgically. In 16 cases, we used the enlarged middle fossa approach and in the remaining patient the translabyrinthine approach was used. Results. In 11 cases, the facial nerve could be saved but in six the nerve had to be rebuilt with a transplant. During the first years of our study, palsy of the facial nerve was a frequent finding. In the later years, a hearing impairment and tinnitus became the most frequent symptoms. Conclusions. Advances in magnetic resonance imaging have, in many cases, facilitated the differentiation between schwannomas of the facial nerve and the vestibular nerve over the last years. Signal enhancement at the geniculate ganglion is important for the diagnosis of facial nerve schwannoma. In individual cases, we found significant findings using electrophysiological procedures. In three cases, the temporal delay was elongated. Based on these findings, the therapeutic procedures can be discussed together with the patients.
Nueroborreliosis in Belgian children; Diagnosing neuroborreliosis in children is not easy. Various clinical presentations may be seen and often they differ from clinical presentations seen in adults. Frequently used serology tests do not always confirm diagnosis. To get a better insight into its clinical presentation and possible diagnostic means, and also to set up clear guidelines for diagnosing neuroborreliosis in children, we performed a descriptive, retrospective study and compared these data with those from the literature. The clinical profile of neuroborreliosis in Belgian children corresponds to that in other European populations: the most typical presentations of neuroborreliosis in children in Belgium are a facial nerve palsy and a lymfocytic meningitis. These presentations are mostly seen during the months of April until September. Besides a complete history and clinical examination, an examination of the liquor and the search for specific antibodies in both serum and liquor are necessary to confirm the diagnosis. Intravenous treatment with third generation cefalosporins for at least fourteen days is the golden standard.
Long-term neuropsychologic and health outcomes of children with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease.; BACKGROUND: There is little information about the long-term outcomes of children with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease, a group putatively at high risk for poor neurologic outcomes. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to assess the long-term neuropsychologic and health outcomes of children with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease. METHODS: We conducted a matched cross-sectional study of children with facial nerve palsy in Connecticut who met the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention national surveillance case definition for Lyme disease. We identified children with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease from population-based data for the state of Connecticut from 1984 to 1991 as well as from selected clinical practices from 1984 to 1998. For each case, 2 controls without Lyme disease, matched by age, were selected by sequential digit dialing technique. Both patients and controls (or their parents) were interviewed using structured questionnaires. Outcomes included self/parents' reports both of symptoms and of abilities to perform normal daily activities since the diagnosis was made (or for an equivalent period of time for controls). In addition, the patients with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease were evaluated with a battery of neuropsychologic tests. RESULTS: Of the 43 patients, 30% were female and 93% were white. Median age at diagnosis was 8 years (range: 2-18 years). Mean time to follow-up was 49 months (range: 7-161 months). Of the patients, 16% had been treated parenterally with ceftriaxone and 84% had been treated orally with either doxycycline or amoxicillin. Overall, 79% believed they were cured of Lyme disease, 9% believed they were not cured, and 12% did not know. The proportions of patients and of matched controls that reported increased problems with normal daily activities (eg, exercise, academic performance, word recall, sleeping) were similar. Patients with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease were more likely than matched controls to report symptoms of neck pain, changes in behavior, pains in joints or muscles, numbness or funny sensations in nerves, and problems with memory, but three quarters of them did not attribute these problems to Lyme disease. Twenty patients agreed to undergo neuropsychologic testing; all had average to above average scores on tests of IQ (eg, mean IQ was 110.2), memory, learning, attention, concentration, math, reading and spelling performance, executive functioning, abstract thinking, sequential processing, visuospatial scanning, and motor speed. There were no apparent differences in outcomes between children who received oral versus parenteral treatment. CONCLUSIONS: The neuropsychologic and health outcomes of children with facial nerve palsy attributable to Lyme disease 7 to 161 months earlier are comparable to those who did not have Lyme disease.
Versatility of temporalis myofascial flap in maxillofacial reconstruction - Analysis of 30 cases; Temporalis myofascial flap holds great promise for the reconstruction of various defects of the maxillofacial region - either congenital or surgical. The dependable blood supply through the middle and deep temporal arteries, proximity to the maxillofacial region, possibility to mobilize it to the oral cavity through the under surface of zygomatic arch and its fanned out nature permits the surgeon to use this flap for the reconstruction of various maxillofacial defects and even as an interposing tissue. In this series of 30 cases, we have used the temporalis myofascial flap for the reconstruction of different types of maxillofacial defects and as an interposing material in TMJ surgeries. We found that this flap is very valuable in maxillofacial reconstruction.
Parotid neoplasms in children: Experience of diagnosis and management in a district general hospital; Parotid neoplasms are uncommon in children and the available literature is predominantly from specialized centres. This paper highlights our experience at a district general hospital, in the diagnosis and management of parotid neoplasms in children. The case records of all parotidectomies performed in a 26-year period between 1974-1999 were scrutinized and patients aged 18 years and below identified. The demographic data, histology, presentation, investigations, treatment, outcomes and complications were analysed. 545 parotidectomies were performed in 536 patients, in whom 569 neoplasms were diagnosed. Only 12 patients aged 18 and under were identified (2.2%). The relative frequency of individual tumours differed markedly from that in adults. 75% of the tumours were benign. Pleomorphic adenoma and mucoepidermoid carcinoma were the most common tumours. A painless mass was the most frequent clinical presentation and CT sialogram was the most common investigation. Parotidectomy with preservation of the facial nerve was performed in all cases, and adjuvant radiotherapy employed in the case of malignant tumours. All patients were alive and well at the time of last follow up. Transient facial nerve palsy and hypertrophic scars were the most common complications.
Botulinum toxin and the eye.; Botulinum toxin in ophthalmology is used to reduce the function of the eyelid muscles in spasms or therapeutically. Therapeutic and diagnostic use in strabismus is also discussed, along with the controversial treatment of nystagmus.
Anterior and posterior facial nerve rerouting: A comparative study; The infratemporal fossa type A (IFT-A) and the modified transcochlear approach are used to remove glomus jugular tumors type C and petroclival tumors extending to the prepontine cistern, respectively. Anterior rerouting is a key step in IFT-A, whereas the modified transcochlear approach involves posterior rerouting. The aim of this study was to analyze facial nerve function after application of the two procedures. One year after surgery, anterior rerouting was associated with excellent to good outcomes (grade I to III) in 94% of the cases, while posterior rerouting was associated with good outcomes (grade III) in 70% of the cases.
Microsurgery for potential radiosurgical skull base lesions: A retrospective analysis and comparison of results; The outcomes of 26 complex skull base tumors treated with microsurgery were compared with the outcomes of similar tumors treated with radiosurgery as reported in the literature. The University neurosurgery database was searched for patients who underwent microsurgery for the treatment of skull base tumors between 1990 and 2001 at Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center in Shreveport, Louisiana. Twenty-six skull base meningiomas treated by microsurgery by the senior author (AN) were identified retrospectively. On imaging, the tumors were well defined and less than 3 cm in the greatest diameter, making them ideal candidates for a radiosurgical procedure had this modality been available. The follow-up and outcomes of these 26 patients were compared with the published outcomes of similar tumors treated with radiosurgery. Total excision was achieved in 17 (65.3%) patients. Excision was subtotal in 9 (34.6%) patients due to the critical locations of their tumors. The median hospital stay for these patients was 4 days (range, 3 to 12 days). Two patients (7.6%) had transient cerebrospinal fluid leaks from the wound, and 2 (7.6%) had transient facial paresis. Overall, preoperative symptoms improved in 23 (88.4%) patients. The median follow-up was 56 months (range, 3 to 120 months). The overall survival rate for all was 87.2 ± 3.7% at 50 months. Two patients (7.6%) subsequently underwent repeat surgery for a recurrent or progressive disease. The actuarial 8-year tumor control rate was 86.4 ± 4.4% using the Kaplan-Meier method. For small skull base tumors with benign histology, microsurgery is as safe and effective a treatment option as stereotactic radiosurgery. The symptomatic improvement in patients is better with microsurgery than with radiosurgery because the volume of the tumor is reduced immediately. A combined approach using both modalities is usually needed for larger tumors when attempts at total resection would jeopardize the neurologic function of the patient.
Surgery of glomus jugulare tumors; The treatment of choice for glomus jugulare tumors is still controversial. High rates of morbidity, incomplete resection, and the aggressive behavior of these tumors are the main arguments for advocates of primary radiotherapy. However, constant refinements in skull base techniques have made complete resection of these lesions a realistic goal. The high probability of achieving local control of these tumors by surgery has convinced us to support this option strongly. Between 1993 and 2000 we diagnosed 52 glomus tumors of the temporal bone. Of these patients, only 42 had a class C lesion (glomus jugulare) and were included in this study; 37 of these patients underwent surgery, 10 of whom had intracranial extension of the disease. The overall resection rate was 96%. Facial nerve function at 1 year was House-Brackmann grade I to II in 52% of patients and grade III or better in 84% of patients. Hospitalization was shorter than 14 days in 33 patients (89%). All patients with pharyngolaryngeal palsy had sufficient compensation at discharge. Twelve vocal chord Teflon injections were performed after surgery to reduce hoarseness and aspiration. No patient died. No relapse was observed (mean follow-up, 4.9 years).
The Different Faces of Facial Nerve Schwannomas; Facial nerve schwannomas are rare benign tumors. The tumor can arise anywhere along the course of the facial nerve. The most common presentation for this tumor is a slowly progressive facial nerve paralysis. Sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL) and tinnitus are later symptoms. The symptoms and signs depend on the site of tumor along the nerve. We report three cases of facial nerve schwannomas with different clinical presentations. Appropriate management of a facial nerve schwannoma should be based on the site and extent of the tumor and status of the nerve function.
A Case of Hunt Syndrome with Recurrent Vertigo and Hearing Loss in Short Term; A case of Hunt syndrome with recurrent vertigo and hearing loss is reported. The patient was a 70-year-old male. He complained of oral pain and facial palsy. Vesicles were detected on the left side in his mouth, and audiogram showed sensorineural hearing loss. The serum antibody titer for vallicera zoster virus was significantly elevated. We diagnosed Hunt syndrome, and treated him with intravenous steroid and anti-viral drug administration. He recovered completely without facial nerve palsy, but several weeks later he experienced vertigo. Audiogram showed sensorineural hearing loss again and we diagnosed recurrence of Hunt syndrome.
Eyelid reanimation with gold weight implant; The use of gold weight implant to manage the potential exposure keratitis subsequent to facial nerve paralysis is discussed.
One-stage reconstruction of facial paralysis associated with severe skin scar deformity, using combined flexor carpi radialis muscle and radial forearm free flap; The authors present a case of free microsurgical transfer of combined flexor carpi radialis muscle and radial fasciocutaneous forearm flap in reconstruction of facial paralysis associated with severe ipsilateral skin scar deformity after removal of a giant cavernous hemangioma 22 years previously. The flexor carpi radialis muscle was used to reanimate the paralyzed face, and its fasciocutaneous radial forearm part restored overlying hemifacial skin, with good functional and rather pleasing aesthetic results. The follow-up period was 5 years. © 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Candidal abscess of the parotid gland associated with facial nerve paralysis; Facial nerve paralysis associated with parotid gland mass is usually caused by malignant neoplasms and facial nerve dysfunction due to parotid infection is exceedingly rare. A review of the literature revealed ≈ 15 cases of facial nerve palsy associated with suppurative parotitis or parotid abscess. We report the first case of candidal abscess of the parotid gland associated with facial nerve paralysis in a 74-year-old insulin-dependent diabetic patient. The differential diagnosis in these unusual cases occurring in diabetic, immunodeficient patients should include Candida albicans infection.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome; The authors describe the Ramsay-Hunt syndrome in a 46year-old woman. They also include data on the incidence, pathogenesis, clinical picture, diagnosis and management of this disease.
Necrotizing (malignant) external otitis; Necrotizing (malignant) external otitis, an infection involving the temporal and adjacent bones, is a relatively rare complication of external otitis. It occurs primarily in immunocompromised persons, especially older persons with diabetes mellitus, and is often initiated by self-inflicted or iatrogenic trauma to the external auditory canal. The most frequent pathogen is Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Patients with necrotizing external otitis complain of severe otalgia that worsens at night, and otorrhea. Clinical findings include granulation tissue in the external auditory canal, especially at the bone-cartilage junction. Facial and other cranial nerve palsies indicate a poor prognosis; intracranial complications are the most frequent cause of death. Diagnosis requires culture of ear secretions and pathologic examination of granulation tissue from the infection site. Imaging studies may include computed tomographic scanning, technetium Tc 99m medronate bone scanning, and gallium citrate Ga 67 scintigraphy. Treatment includes correction of immunosuppression (when possible), local treatment of the auditory canal, long-term systemic antibiotic therapy and, in selected patients, surgery. Family physicians and others who provide medical care for immunocompromised patients should be alert to the possibility of necrotizing external otitis in patients who complain of otalgia, particularly if they have diabetes mellitus and external otitis that has been refractory to standard therapy. Susceptible patients should be educated to avoid manipulation of the ear canal (i.e., they should not use cotton swabs to clean their ears) and to minimize exposure of the ear canal to water with a high chloride concentration. Appropriate patients should be referred to an otolaryngologist. Copyright© 2003 American Academy of Family Physicians.
A case of infantile hemangioendothelioma of the parotid gland with facial nerve palsy; A 1.5-month-old female developed a growing mass in the left parotid gland with facial nerve palsy. The patient underwent a superficial parotidectomy with preservation of the facial nerve. The pathologic diagnosis was infantile hemangioendothelioma. After the operation, her face was paralized for a month and completely recovered. No recurrence of the parotid tumor was observed for 6 years.
Endoscopic dissection of recipient facial nerve for vascularized muscle transfer in the treatment of facial paralysis; In order to prepare recipient facial nerve branches for neurovascular muscle, transfer in the treatment of facial paralysis, endoscopic facial nerve dissection was employed. Under endoscopy recipient facial nerve branches innervating the zygomaticus major muscle were successfully dissected. A stab incision was sufficient for nerve suture with the donor nerve. This method is preferable for young or female patients in whom conventional cheek incisions should be avoided. © 2003 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of Lyme disease in children; The approaches to diagnosing and treating Lyme disease (LD) have been improved and refined as a result of basic and clinical research, and considerable practical experience. In addition, there have been recent studies that have allowed improvements in the ability to prevent infection with Borrelia burgdorferi. This paper will review the relevant literature and address recent developments in the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of LD. Issues specifically related to the management of children will be identified. Controversies regarding treatment approaches will be examined in some detail. Understanding the clinical manifestations, or stage, of LD is crucial when approaching both diagnosis and treatment. Early localized disease is best diagnosed by recognizing the characteristic skin lesion, erythema migrans. Early disease will frequently, but not always, be accompanied by a detectable antibody response, particularly IgM antibody to the spirochete. Late disease, chiefly arthritis, is generally associated with high levels of IgG antibody. Western blot technology allows confirmation of enzyme immunoassay results and is especially useful when the latter is in the low or equivocal range. Early localized disease responds well to oral antibacterial therapy. Early disseminated disease, often associated with neurologic findings, may require parenteral therapy. The arthritis associated with LD frequently responds to oral antibacterials, but some refractory cases may require intravenous therapy, and occasionally surgery. Doxycycline is the oral antibacterial of choice, while amoxicillin and cefuroxime axetil are alternatives that may be preferred in young children. Owing to its long half-life and once daily dose administration, intravenous ceftriaxone has become the accepted standard for parenteral therapy. Tick avoidance has long been the mainstay for preventing LD. Antibacterial prophylaxis, using doxycycline, for tick bites has been shown to be an effective approach to prevention, but its relevance to pediatrics is uncertain. Vaccines designed to prevent infection have also been developed.
Presentation and management of carotid body tumors; Objective: To review the presentation, management and outcome of carotid body tumors at a University Hospital in Karachi. Setting: The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi - a tertiary care hospital in Pakistan. Methods: The medical records of all the patients who were admitted between 1st January1991 to 1st January 2002, with a diagnosis of carotid body tumor and underwent surgical resection, were identified using the ICD-9-CM coding system. The variables reviewed included demographic features, clinical presentation, diagnosis, management and outcome. The data was analyzed using the student t-test for continuous variables and the Fischer Exact test for categorical data, with computer-based SPSS version 10 software package. Results: A total of 8 patients with 8 carotid body tumors were treated surgically during the study period of 11 years. The study group consisted of 6 males and 2 females with a median age of 46 years (range: 26-68 years). All the eight patients presented with a history of neck mass which was progressively increasing in size. Physical examination revealed well-circumscribed firm masses at the angle of jaw in 6 patients. The other two patients had large tumors extending to the base of skull. The mainstay of final diagnosis was angiography, which was performed in all 8 patients. Pre-operative angio-embolization was done in three patients; followed by complete surgical resection in all 8 patients. There was no peri-operative mortality or stroke in these patients. Transient nerve palsies involving 7th and 12th cranial nerves were noted in three patients. One patient had permanent unilateral vocal cord palsy resulting in hoarseness of voice. Median follow up was 1 year with range from 8 weeks to 3 years; none of the patients had any recurrence during the follow-up period. Conclusions: Surgical resection of the carotid body tumors can be performed in suitable patients without major morbidity and mortality. There is a small but definite risk of neurologic complications, which should be clearly explained to the patients. Pre-operative angio-embolization facilitates surgery and reduces operative complications.
A novel intraarterial chemotherapy using paclitaxel in albumin nanoparticles to treat advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue: Preliminary findings; OBJECTIVE. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effectiveness of intraarterial infusion of paclitaxel incorporated into human albumin nanoparticles for use as induction chemotherapy before definitive treatment of advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue. SUBJECTS AND METHODS. Twenty-three previously untreated patients (age range, 27-75 years) who had carcinoma of the tongue (stage T3-T4, any N) received intraarterial therapy with paclitaxel incorporated into albumin nanoparticles delivered by transfemoral catheterization into the external carotid artery (10 patients), selectively into the lingual artery (12 patients), or into a faciolingual trunk (1 patient). Each patient received two to four infusions, with a 3-week interval between infusions. The dose administered was 230 mg/m2 in eight patients, 180 mg/m2 in six patients, and 150 mg/m2 in nine patients. Sixteen patients underwent surgery. Of these 16 patients, eight subsequently received radiotherapy, and three received a combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Of the remaining seven patients, one received chemotherapy alone, four received radiotherapy alone, one received chemotherapy plus radiotherapy, and one refused any further treatment. RESULTS. Sixty-seven infusions were performed successfully. Eighteen patients (78%) had a clinical and radiologic objective response (complete, 26%; partial, 52%). Three patients (13%) showed stable disease, and two (9%) showed disease progression. The four patients with complete clinical response who underwent surgery showed microscopic residual carcinoma measuring less than 1 mm in two patients, less than 5 mm in one patient, and less than 1 cm in one patient. The toxicities encountered were hematologic (grade 3) in two patients (8.6%) and neurologic (grade 4) in two patients (reversible paralysis of the facial nerve, 8.6%). Two catheter-related complications occurred: one reversible brachiofacial paralysis and one asymptomatic occlusion of the external carotid artery. CONCLUSION. Intraarterial infusion of paclitaxel in albumin nanoparticles proved reproducible and effective and deserves further investigation as induction chemotherapy before definitive treatment of advanced tumors of the tongue, with a view to organ preservation.
Detection of Staphylococcus aureus by 16S rRNA directed in situ hybridisation in a patient with a brain abscess caused by small colony variants; A 45 year old man was admitted to hospital with a right sided facial paralysis and three month history of seizures. Computed tomography showed a left temporal mass including both intracerebral and extracerebral structures. Ten years earlier the patient had undergone a neurosurgical intervention in the same anatomical region to treat a subarachnoid haemorrhage. In tissue samples and pus obtained during neurosurgery, Staphylococcus aureus was detected by a 16S rRNA-directed in situ hybridisation technique. Following long term cultivation, small colony variants (SCV) of methicillin resistant S aureus were identified. The patient was treated successfully with a combination of vancomycin and rifampin followed by prolonged treatment with teicoplanin, with no sign of infection on follow up nine months after discharge. This is the first report in which S aureus SCV have been identified as causative organisms in a patient with brain abscess and in which in situ hybridisation has been used to detect S aureus in a clinical specimen containing SCV. Antimicrobial agents such as rifampin which have intracellular activity should be included in treatment of infections caused by S aureus SCV.
Comparative anatomical study of the gracilis and coracobrachialis muscles: Implications for facial reanimation; Since the introduction of cross-facial nerve grafting and free vascularized muscle transfer for the treatment of longstanding facial paralysis, substantial progress has been made toward restoration of facial expression that is as normal as possible. Much of the focus has remained on the gracilis as a donor muscle. However, its inherent anatomical characteristics may preclude it from ever being more than simply a mass of contractile tissue in the face. The coracobrachialis muscle, which is the analogue in the arm of the lower limb adductor mass, was proposed as an alternative donor muscle because it was thought that certain features would allow it to improve on the overall results that are currently possible with the gracilis. A comparative anatomical study was conducted to gauge this potential. A total of 133 muscles were analyzed, including 96 dissected specimens, 16 arterial and 14 venous study specimens, and seven neurovascular study specimens. Anatomical parameters were recorded for each muscle and later tabulated. Histological analysis of the nerves to 10 gracilis and 10 coracobrachialis muscles was performed, and the findings were confirmed with intraneural dissection of an additional 20 nerves under an operating microscope. The coracobrachialis was observed to be a practical alternative to the gracilis. Indeed, it has many of the attributes that initially drew attention to the gracilis as a possible donor muscle, including a reliable neurovascular supply, minimal donor-site morbidity, and the option of having two teams operate simultaneously. In addition, it has a size, shape, and form that make it an excellent choice for transfer to the face. It could be easily attached in the face to provide static support as well as animation, because of its long proximal tendon, the thick intermuscular septum along its lateral surface, and, when present, the ligament of Struthers.
Solitary metastasis of prostatic cancer to the internal auditory canal; We report a 56-year-old man with a metastatic prostatic tumor who developed left orbital meatus syndrome as the first manifestation. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed a swollen lesion in the left internal auditory canal that was isointense on T1-weighted images, hyperintense on T2-weighted images, and marked by enhanced after the administration of gadolinium. A biopsy of the affected lesion confirmed the prostatic origin of the metastasis. © 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Otomastoiditis-related facial nerve palsy; A 9-year-old girl with persistent otitis media, despite antibiotic therapy developed a facial nerve palsy. Computed tomography (CT) scan revealed ipsilateral mastoiditis, prompting admission for intravenous antibiotic and steroid therapies. Acute mastoiditis, uncommon in the post-antibiotic era, is usually diagnosed on physical examination findings, but two variants, masked mastoiditis or silent mastoiditis, may be difficult to appreciate clinically. Patients who present with facial nerve palsy in the setting of persistent otitis media should undergo CT scan for evaluation of intracerebral or extracerebral pathology, including mastoiditis. Failure to identify associated concomitant pathology may result in treatment failure or persistent neurological deficit. © 2003 Elsevier Inc.
Delayed-onset facial paralysis after vestibular neurectomy; Objectives/Hypothesis: Delayed-onset facial paralysis (beginning more than 3 d after the procedure) has been described as a complication of many different types of otological procedures. The incidence of this problem in vestibular neurectomy and the relationship to surgical approach are detailed in the study. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Methods: In the setting of a tertiary referral center, vestibular neurectomy was performed in 70 individuals with disabling vertigo unresponsive to medical therapy who elected vestibular neurectomy. The main outcome measure was incidence of delayed onset facial paralysis. Results: Delayed-onset facial paralysis was significantly more common after the middle fossa (18%) and translabyrinthine (11%) approaches compared with the retrosigmoid approach (0%) Conclusions: Surgical approach influences the incidence of delayed-onset facial paralysis. Measures to prevent this complication such as prophylactic antiviral medication or labyrinthine segment decompression may be considered in middle fossa and translabyrinthine operations.
Inflammation and proinflammatory cytokine production, but no demyelination of facial nerves, in experimental autoimmune neuritis in Lewis rats; Experimental autoimmune neuritis (EAN) is a CD4+ T cell-mediated, inflammatory demyelinating disease of the peripheral nervous system (PNS) that serves as a model for Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) in humans. The facial nerve paralysis is relatively commonly found in GBS patients. Here, EAN was established in Lewis rats by immunization with P2 peptide 57-81, a purified component of peripheral nerve myelin, and Freund's complete adjuvant (FCA). To study whether the facial nerves are involved in the pathogenic process during the EAN course, we observed the clinical and pathological changes as well as cytokine production in facial nerves on Day 14 postimmunization (p.i.), i.e. at height of clinical EAN. As a result, all rats immunized with P2 peptide 57-81 developed severe EAN on Day 14 p.i., but none of the rats manifested clinical signs of facial nerve paralysis. Additionally, only mild inflammatory cell infiltration and proinflammatory cytokine, interferon-γ (IFN-γ) and tumour necrosis factor (TNF-α) production as well as devoid demyelination were seen in facial nerves of the EAN rats. On the contrary, severe inflammation and demyelination as well as upregulated IFN-γ and TNF-α production were observed in sciatic nerves of the same EAN rats. The underlying mechanism for the difference of the local manifestation of the disease process of EAN remains to be resolved. © 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Leptomeningeal metastases from recurrent squamous cell cancer of the skin; We report two patients with leptomeningeal metastases from squamous cell cancer of the skin. In one patient cauda equina metastases appeared 6 years after initial presentation; the tumor from radical neck dissection demonstrated perineural invasion suggesting a possible route for subarachnoid dissemination. The other patient presented 2 years after initial diagnosis with confusion and cranial nerve seven and twelve palsies. Both patients died from complications of leptomeningeal metastases.
Clavicular metastasis from malignant trigeminal schwannoma; Extracranial metastasis arising from primary intracranial malignant tumours are rare. Cases documented have arisen from tumours arising from glial cells or from undifferentiated neurons. Extracranial deposits from intracranial malignant nerve sheath tumours have not been documented. This case report shows histological similarity - rhabdomyoblastic differentiation in a malignant neoplasm in the clavicle similar to that seen in a malignant trigeminal schwannoma operated earlier. Detailed immunohistochemistry confirmed similarity in histogenesis confirming that the clavicular deposit was a secondary arising from the malignant trigeminal schwannoma. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Positive effects of mime therapy on sequelae of facial paralysis: Stiffness, lip mobility, and social and physical aspects of facial disability; Objective: Evaluation of the effect of mime therapy, a novel therapy combining mime and physiotherapy, for patients with longstanding (at least 9 months) sequelae of unilateral peripheral facial paralysis. Study Design: Randomized clinical trial, with the treatment group receiving mime therapy and the control group forming a waiting list. Setting: Physiotherapy outpatient department of two university medical centers. Patients: There were 50 patients, 21 men and 29 women, with sequelae of facial paralysis and a mean House-Brackmann score of Grade IV. Intervention: Mime therapy, including automassage, relaxation exercises, inhibition of synkinesis, coordination exercises, and emotional expression exercises. Main Outcome Measures: Stiffness of the face, lip mobility (both lip and pout length) and the physical and social index of the Facial Disability Index. Results: Stiffness, lip mobility, and both aspects of the Facial Disability Index improved substantially because of mime therapy. Conclusions: On the basis of present evidence, mime therapy is a good treatment choice for patients with sequelae of facial paralysis.
Aneurysmal bone cyst of the temporal bone; Aneurysmal bone cysts are benign fibrosseous lesions of the bone that are rarely detected in the temporal bone. Seventeen cases of aneurysmal bone cysts with histological confirmation involving the temporal bone were reported in the literature. We report a case of left temporal aneurysmal bone cyst in a 52-year-old male with the clinical findings of periauricular painful swelling, decreased hearing, and facial paralysis. A magnetic resonance image of the patient showed a well-circumscribed multi-loculated expansile lesion of the left temporal bone during the first admission to the hospital. The lesion recurred 1 year after the subtotal resection with a more solid appearance. In addition, we review the literature for these rare lesions.
The management of perineural spread of squamous cell carcinoma to the ocular adnexae; Purpose: To analyze a series of patients with periorbital perineural spread of squamous cell carcinoma and propose treatment guidelines. Methods: Retrospective, noncomparative, interventional case series of 17 patients with clinical, radiologic, or histologic evidence of distant perineural spread. Treatment, recurrence, progression, and mortality rates were recorded. Results: Numbness and pain were the most common symptoms, whereas ophthalmoplegia, ptosis, and facial palsy were the most frequent signs. All cases received wide-field radiotherapy to at least 50 Gy. Chemotherapy and surgery (biopsy, debulking, exenteration) were used in selected cases. Disease progression occurred in 6 patients, 4 of whom died. Median disease-free survival in the remainder was 37.5 months. Conclusions: The diagnosis of perineural spread is largely clinical and may be confirmed with imaging findings in the majority of cases. The role of biopsy is usually complementary but may be essential in some cases. In patients with evidence of distant perineural spread, radiotherapy volumes inclusive of potential antegrade and retrograde spread are recommended. Three-dimensional conformal planning or intensity-modulated radiation therapy assists in minimizing damage to adjacent structures. Synchronous chemotherapy should be considered to potentiate the effectiveness of radiation. The place of surgery in the treatment of perineural spread is palliative.
Axokine Regeneron; Axokine, a second-generation neurotrophic factor that is related to ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF), is under development by Regeneron for the potential treatment of obesity and associated complications such as type 2 diabetes.
Maxillofacial injuries and life-threatening hemorrhage: Treatment with transcatheter arterial embolization; Background: There are many reasons for hypotension in trauma patients with multiple injuries; one uncommon source is facial fractures. The treatment algorithm is volume replacement and local control of the bleeding. A retrospective study was undertaken to evaluate the treatment of patients with life-threatening hemorrhage secondary to facial fractures, and to develop a treatment algorithm. Methods: A retrospective chart review was undertaken to determine the incidence of hemorrhagic shock in patients with facial fractures exclusive of others sources, and the use of transcatheter arterial embolization to control the bleeding was evaluated. Results: Over a 4-year period, 7,562 patients were treated at Palmetto Richland Memorial Hospital, a Level I trauma center. There were 912 patients with facial injuries, with 11 of these patients presenting with life-threatening hemorrhage secondary to facial fractures. The incidence of life-threatening hemorrhage from facial fracture was 1.2%. The mechanism of injury was blunt in 10 patients and penetrating in 1. The blunt injuries resulted from six motor vehicles crashes, three motorcycle crashes, and one plane crash. The one penetrating injury was a shotgun blast. There were six patients with Le Fort III fractures, two patients with Le Fort II fractures, and three patients with a combination of Le Fort II and III fractures bilaterally. The average volume infused before the embolization was 7 L; this included blood and crystalloid. There were four complications: two minor groin hematomas, one partial necrosis of the tongue, and one facial nerve palsy. There were two deaths, both secondary to concomitant intracranial injury as a result of blunt trauma. Conclusion: The incidence of severe hemorrhage secondary to facial fractures is rare; however, it can be life threatening. When common modalities of treatment such as pressure, packing, and correction of coagulopathy fail to control the hemorrhage, transcatheter arterial embolization offers a safe alternative to surgical control.
Comparison of contrast-enhanced T1-weighted and 3D constructive interference in steady state images for predicting outcome after hearing-preservation surgery for vestibular schwannoma; We compared contrast-enhanced T1-weighted and 3D constructive interference in steady state (CISS) sequences for demonstrating possible prognostic factors in hearing-preservation surgery for vestibular schwannoma. We studied 22 patients with vestibular schwannomas having hearing-preservation surgery. Postoperatively six (27%) had a facial palsy and eight (36%) had hearing loss. There was a significant correlation between the size of the tumour and facial palsy (r=-0.72). Both techniques adequately demonstrated all tumours. Involvement of the fundus of the internal auditory canal (IAC) and a small distance between the lateral border of the tumour and the fundus were correlated significantly with hearing loss (r=-0.81 and -0.75, respectively). The 3D-CISS sequence, by virtue of its high contrast resolution was superior to T1-weighted images (P < 0.05) for detection of the fundal involvement. The direction of displacement of the facial nerve did not correlate with facial palsy or hearing loss. We think that 3D-CISS images better show the features influencing surgical outcome, but that contrast-enhanced T1-weighted images are required for diagnosis.
A case presentation of bilateral simultaneous Bell's palsy; Bilateral simultaneous facial paralysis is an extremely rare clinical entity. Unlike the unilateral form, bilateral facial paralysis seldom falls into Bell's category. It is most often a special finding in a symptom complex of a systemic disease; many of them are potentially life-threatening, and therefore the condition warrants urgent medical intervention. Lyme disease, Guillian-Barre syndrome, Bell's palsy, leukemia, sarcoidosis, bacterial meningitis, syphilis, leprosy, Moebius syndrome, infectious mononucleosis, and skull fracture are the most common cause of bilateral facial paralysis. Here we present a 16-year-old patient with bilateral simultaneous Bell's palsy. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Steroid-pulse therapy in Guillain-Barré syndrome associated with cytomegalovirus infection: A case report; We report a 27-year-old man with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) preceded by cytomegalovirus infection. He was admitted to our hospital because of distal dominant weakness and sensory disturbance 5 days after fever. Double filtration plasmapheresis (DFPP) was performed and clinical symptoms temporary but dramatically improved. However facial nerve palsy, difficulty in swallowing food, weakness, dysautonomia and respiratory failure rapidly progressed within 5 days áfter the onset. Repeated DFPP failed to improve his symptoms. Two months after the onset, he did not improve at all. On T1-weighted MRI, nerve roots were still enhanced with gadolinium, and CSF examination revealed 1,324 mg/dl of protein. These findings suggested us the existence of continuous inflammation on nerve roots. We gave steroid-pulse therapy. He dramatically improved after this treatment. We repeated steroid-pulse therapy for seven times. He was discharged without any major complication 6 months after the onset. Steroid-pulse therapy should be considered in GBS patients associated with CMV infection when other conventional treatments are ineffective.
Aspects of temporal bone anatomy and pathology in conjunction with cochlear implant surgery.; Cochlear implantation is a treatment for patients with severe sensorineural hearing loss/deafness, who get no help from ordinary hearing aids. The cochlear implant is surgically placed under the skin near the ear and a very thin electrode array is introduced into the cochlea of the inner ear, where it stimulates the remaining nerve fibers (1,2). The operation is complicated; it is performed with the aid of a microscope, and involves drilling very close to vital vessels and important nerves. The method was introduced in Sweden in 1984 by Professor Göran Bredberg, then at Stockholm Söder Hospital. High resolution computed tomography (CT) of the temporal bone is a part of the preoperative evaluation preceding cochlear implantation. It is a method for visualizing the bony structures of the middle and inner ear - to diagnose pathology and to describe the anatomy. In Stockholm, these examinations have usually been performed at the Radiology Department of Stockholm Söder Hospital. Examinations of cochlear implant candidates from other parts of Sweden and from abroad are also sent there for special reviewing. The first work concerns CT of the temporal bone and cochlear implant surgery in children with CHARGE association. This is a rare condition with multiple congenital abnormalities, sometimes lethal. Children with CHARGE have different combinations of disabilities, of which impairments of vision and hearing, as well as balance problems and facial palsy can lead to developmental delay. There have been few reports of radiological temporal bone changes and none of cochlear implant surgery for this group. The work includes a report of the findings on preoperative CT and at surgery, as well as post-implant results in two children. A review of the latest diagnostic criteria of CHARGE and the temporal bone changes found in international literature is also included. The conclusion was that certain combinations of temporal bone changes in CHARGE are, if not specific, at least extremely rare in other materials. CT can visualize these changes and be used as a diagnostic tool. This is important, since some of the associated disabilities are not so obvious from the start. Early treatment is vital for the child's development. This work also shows that cochlear implantation may help some of these often very isolated children to communicate. The second work is a radioanatomic study of one of the structures of the inner ear - the bony canal for the cochlear nerve. It involves measurements of the dimensions of the canal on 117 silicone rubber casts of the temporal bone (from a unique collection of casts at Uppsala temporal bone laboratory) and on 50 clinical CT-studies (100 ears). The purpose was to show the normal variation, which is of use in the appraisal of congenital temporal bone malformations on CT. Based on our results we propose that if the canal is less than 1.4 mm, as measured on CT, the possibility of cochlear nerve abnormality should be considered. This is of interest since aplasia of the cochlear nerve is a contraindication to cochlear implantation. If the canal is wider than 3.0 mm, then other anomalies may coexist, with the risk of CSF gusher when a cochleostomy or stapedectomy is performed.
Cancer of the parotid gland: Role of 7th nerve preservation; Most neoplasms arising in the parotid gland are benign. Patients with cancer of the parotid gland usually present with normal facial nerve function. In these patients, findings at the time of surgery will guide the management of the facial nerve, with most surgeons preserving the nerve unless it is adherent to, or imbedded in, a malignant tumor. In cases where the margins of resection are close to the facial nerve, adjuvant radiotherapy administered postoperatively has significantly improved local control of disease. The minority of patients with parotid cancer who present with facial nerve palsy has a poor prognosis despite extensive surgical resection including the facial nerve.
Botulism toxin in practice; Botulinum toxins (A and B) are neurotoxins derived from Clostridium botulinum. Clostridium are anaerobic bacteria. C. botulinum produces exotoxins (A to G) with distinct antigenicities. The neurotoxins inhibit the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine from the axon terminals of motor neurons. Botulinum toxin is officially used in clinic for the treatment of muscular hyperactivity (strabismus, blepharospam, cervical dystonia). Botulinum toxins are also used in non recognized clinical applications: neurogenic incontinence, palmar and axillary hyperhidrosis, chronic anal fissure... The respective formulations of Botox, Dysport and Neurobloc are described. Special considerations for administration are introduced. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Varicella zoster and Borrelia burgdorferi are the main agents associated with facial paresis, especially in children; Background: The etiology of facial paresis (FP) often remains unresolved. Yet, a microbial association is frequently suspected. Objective: To evaluate the infectious etiology of FP by using sensitive tests. Study design: We studied the serum and cerebrospinal fluid of 42 patients diagnosed with idiopathic peripheral facial paresis using sensitive serological methods and nucleic acid detection and for reference, 42 patients with other neurological disorders (OND) matched for age, sex, season and geographical area. Results: Varicella zoster virus and Borrelia burgdorferi accounted for 56% of all associated agents in children with FP compared with 11% of OND (P=0.01). In adults, the respective numbers were 29 and 13%. Other treatable etiological agents, Chlamydia pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae, accounted for 11% in children and 8% in adults and with the same prevalence between patients with FP and OND. Conclusions: Microbes, with specific therapy available accounted for 52% of all associated agents in the patients with FP when compared with 26% in controls with OND (P=0.04). Based on this, we conclude that the patients with FP may benefit from antimicrobial therapy. © 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Facial F wave recording: A novel and effective technique for extra- and intraoperative diagnosis of facial nerve function in acoustic tumor disease; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the diagnostic yield of facial F wave recording in patients with acoustic neurinomas intraoperatively and extraoperatively. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective study, comparative evaluation of facial F waves, transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial motor cortex, blink reflex, and intraoperative online electromyographic activity. The study was performed in the neurosurgical department of a university hospital. RESULTS: Extraoperatively, only F wave latencies were closely correlated to tumor diameter as an independent variable. Intraoperatively, loss of F waves was specific for the development of a severe to total facial paresis postoperatively. A transient loss of F waves heralds an imminent danger of severe facial dysfunction. CONCLUSION: Facial F wave recording provides valuable information on the functional status of the nerve intra- and extraoperatively. SIGNIFICANCE: Facial F wave recording should be used as a standard electrodiagnostic technique in addition to transcranial magnetic stimulation and blink reflex recording. It seems particularly useful for intraoperative facial nerve monitoring.
Analysis of recovery related factors in temporal traumatic facial paralysis; Aim. To provide proper recovery diagnosis and treatment through analysis of recovery related factors in temporal traumatic facial paralysis. Methods. Clinical data of 196 patients with temporal traumatic facial paralysis were evaluated retrospectively. The results were analyzed with single factor and multiple factor statistic method. Results. According to the result of rehabilitation, the related factors that effected the rehabilitation were divided into 3 groups: group I, group II and group III. The group I included 70 cases of mild and moderate facial paralysis and I and II degree of autonomic control, treated with drug decompression. 61 out of 70 cases in the group I clinically recovered and 9 out of 70 cases recovered well. The group II included 87 cases of severe facial paralysis, III degree of autonomic control, treated with facial nerve decompression and drug decompression. 60 out of 87 cases in the group II clinically recovered, 26 out of 87 cases recovered well and 1 out of 87 cases efficiently recovered. The group III included 39 cases of severe facial paralysis, autonomic control III and deafness, treated with facial nerve decompression at 4 months after facial paralysis and late drug decompression. 27 out of 39 cases in the group III efficiently recovered and 12 out of 39 cases inefficiently recovered. The efficient and inefficient rates of rehabilitation showed significant difference between the group II and III. Conclusion. Facial nerve paralysis and degree of autonomic control are basic criteria in recovery diagnosis. Early facial nerve decompression is a significant effective method in raising recovery level.
An assessment of psychological stress in patients with facial palsy; Objectives: Facial palsy may cause excessive stress due to the obviousness of its manifestations. We evaluated psychological stress in patients with facial palsy. Subjects and Methods: Subjects were 57 patients with Bell's palsy, 12 with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, and 11 with zoster sine herpete. Eighteen of 50 questions from the Psychological Stress Response Scale (PSRS) were selected and used to in a questionnaire completed by each patient on 2 separate occasions the first hospital visit and after recovery from facial palsy. They also completed a second bodily condition questionnaire before and after treatment. Results: The psychological stress response score of patients with facial palsy was high on the first visit. Intermediate and high psychological stress were observed in 35% on the first visit. These psychological stress response score decreased after recovery from facial palsy. The psychological stress response of patients under 65 years of age in those over 65 years. No gender difference was seen in psychological stress response. Those with herpes zoster showed a higher psychological stress response than others and this decreased after recovery from facial palsy. Conclusions: Psychological stress response score of patients with facial palsy was high on the first hospital visit, suggesting that we must treat the psychological aspects of this manifestation by adequately explaining prognosis and pathology, in addition to physical therapy.
A case of HTLV-I associated myelopathy (HAM) with bilateral facial palsy; A 60-year-old female with HAM developed bilateral facial palsy. Right facial palsy developed and improved in two weeks. Prickling pain on chest and infrascapular region of the left side appeared and left facial palsy developed. Chest hyperesthesia, dysuria, dizziness and finger tremor followed it. HTLV-I was observed in her whole blood. She was diagnosed with HAM, and prednisolone was administered. After the medication, these symptoms were improved. Left facial palsy improved in 4 months. We suspected that HTLV-I infection was related to the onset of facial palsy.
Stroke associated with pulmonary embolism after air travel; Prolonged air travel is associated with an increased incidence of thromboembolic events. The occurrence of stroke was studied in patients with pulmonary embolism after air travel in a review of all flights arriving at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris during an 8-year period. Thromboembolic stroke and patent foramen ovale were diagnosed in four patients with pulmonary embolus.
Location of the extracranial extent of leprous facial nerve pathology may allow leprous facial palsy to be reanimated by free muscle transfer; Leprosy is a mycobacterial nerve and skin infection, which can be eradicated by antibiotics. Some patients affected by leprosy, once cured, have residual nerve impairment with paralysis and sensory neuropathy. A series of patients with facial nerve paralysis, investigated using clinical, histological and electrophysiological techniques, demonstrated that the nerve pathology was distal to the section of main trunk prior to its bifurcation. Facial reanimation was achieved with a free gracilis-muscle transfer, coapting its motor nerve to the ipsilateral facial nerve trunk proximal to the site of the leprosy pathology, with a moderate clinical result. © 2003 The British Association of Plastics Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-term prognosis of vertigo and hearing loss in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; The long-term prognosis of vertigo and hearing loss in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome was examined in the present study. We treated 23 patients with facial palsy, herpes zoster oticus and vertigo and/or hearing loss with steroids and acyclovir at our university hospital between 1998 and 2000. Facial palsy and herpes zoster oticus were accompanied by vertigo in 11 patients and by sensorineural hearing loss in 7 patients. One year after onset, 4 of 11 patients with vertigo showed persistent severe CP (canal paresis). They had persistent head-shaking after nystagmus and were handicapped in their daily life due to dizziness. The prognosis of vertigo is similar to that of vestibular neuronitis, but unlike that of vertigo with sudden deafness, in which a lesion is likely present in the inner ear. This finding suggests that vertigo with Ramsay Hunt syndrome is due to a lesion of the vestibular nerve. One year after onset, all 7 patients with mild to moderate sensorineural hearing loss demonstrated by falling audiogram showed normal hearing irrespective of accompaniment of vertigo. The prognosis of sensorineural hearing loss is different from that of sudden deafness. This finding suggests that sensorineural hearing loss with Ramsay Hunt syndrome is due to a lesion of the cochlear nerve.
Contralateral reinnervation of midline muscles in nonidiopathic facial palsy; The purpose of this study was to analyze contralateral reinnervation of the facial nerve in eight patients with complete facial palsy after surgery or trauma and seven healthy volunteers. All patients had contralateral reinnervation of facial muscles as demonstrated by electrical nerve stimulation versus none of the control subjects. Four patients had facial muscle movements at the site of the damaged nerve. In one patient this was entirely the result of contralateral reinnervation, whereas the other three patients had innervation both ipsilaterally and contralaterally. This implies that renewed facial muscle activity should be examined considering the origin of the reinnervation, either contralateral or ipsilateral. Contralateral reinnervation is a common phenomenon after total facial palsy and can occur alongside ipsilateral reinnervation. It can be mistaken for adequate reinnervation of the damaged nerve, causing postponement of dynamic reconstruction therapy.
Acute facial palsy in children - A 2-year follow-up study with focus on Lyme neuroborreliosis; Objective: Acute facial palsy in children is believed to be a rather benign neurological condition. Follow-up-studies are sparse, especially including a thorough otoneurological re-examination. The aim of this study was to examine children with a history of facial palsy in order to register the incidence of complete recovery and the severity and nature of sequelae. We also wanted to investigate whether there was a correlation between sequelae and Lyme Borreliosis, treatment or other health problems. Methods: Twenty-seven children with a history of facial palsy were included. A re-examination was performed by an Ear-Nose-Throat (ENT) specialist 1-2.9 years (median 2) after the acute facial palsy. The otoneurological examination included grading the three branches of the facial nerve with the House-Brackman score, otomicroscopy and investigation with Frenzel glasses. A paediatrician interviewed the families. Medical files were analysed. Result: The incidence of complete recovery was 78% at the 2-year follow-up. In six out of 27 children (22%), the facial nerve function was mildly or moderately impaired. Four children reported problems with tear secretion and pronunciation. There was no correlation between sequelae after the facial palsy and gender, age, related symptoms, Lyme neuroborreliosis (NB), treatment, other health problems or performance. Conclusion: One fifth of children with an acute facial palsy get a permanent dysfunction of the facial nerve. Other neurological symptoms or health problems do not accompany the sequelae of the facial palsy. Lyme NB or treatment seems to have no correlation to clinical outcome. Factors of importance for complete recovery after an acute facial palsy are still not known. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Massive infra-clinic invasion of the facial nerve by a myoepithelial carcinoma of the parotid; We report a new case of myoepithelial carcinoma of the parotid gland in an 8-year-old girl. This is the first case published in a child. The parotid tumour was slightly tender and measured almost 2 cm in diameter. There was no associated facial nerve paralysis despite surgical and histologic evidence of massive facial nerve infiltration. We performed total parotidectomy with resection of the intra-mastoid portion of the facial nerve completed with prophylactic lymph node dissection. Eight months after surgery, MRI revealed a deep-lying recurrence, which required reintervention. There has been no subsequent recurrence 18 months after surgery. Microscopic examination of operative specimens confirmed the diagnosis of parotid myoepithelial carcinoma with fusiform cells. Immunohistochemical markers were positive for cytokeratin, epithelial membrane antigen, smooth muscle actin, S-100 protein, anti-desmine and anti-vimentine. This difficult to diagnose tumour, which was individualised by the World Health Organisation in 1991, is considered a moderate to high-grade malignancy when it develops in a pleomorphic adenoma or appears de novo. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mucosal immunisation and adjuvants: A brief overview of recent advances and challenges; Mucosal immunisation may be used both to prevent mucosal infections through the activation of anti-microbial immunity and to treat selected autoimmune, allergic or infectious-immunopathological disorders through the induction of antigen-specific tolerance. The development of mucosal vaccines, whether for prevention of infectious diseases or for immunotherapy, requires antigen delivery and adjuvant systems that can efficiently help to present vaccine or immunotherapy antigens to the mucosal immune system. Promising advances have recently been made in the design of more efficient mucosal adjuvants based on detoxified bacterial toxin derivatives or CpG motif-containing DNA, and perhaps even more striking progress has been done in the use of virus-like particles as mucosal delivery systems for vaccines and of cholera toxin B subunit as antigen vector for immunotherapeutic tolerance induction. However, it is a memento that two recently developed mucosal vaccines for human use against rotavirus diarrhoea and influenza were withdrawn after a short period in the market because of adverse reactions among the vaccinees, thus emphasising the difficult and challenging task also for mucosal immunisation of combining vaccine and adjuvant efficacy with safety and acceptability. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in the periocular area: A review of the literature and case report; A triad of facial palsy, facial edema, and furrowed tongue characterizes Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, a rare, noncaseating granulomatous disease of unknown cause. Although most reported cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome involve swelling of the perioral area, the authors present a case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome involving the periocular area. Because of its rarity, the syndrome is usually ignored and misdiagnosed; however, the syndrome should not only be considered in the classic perioral presentation but also in the rare periocular form, which may be confused with orbital tumors and orbital pseudotumors. Biopsies should be performed routinely in all patients who present with eyelid edema of unknown etiology. The physician and surgeon who see patients with head and neck pathology should be familiar with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, and with the possibility of its presentation in the orbit and periocular region.
Microvascular decompression surgery in the United States, 1996 to 2000: Mortality rates, morbidity rates, and the effects of hospital and surgeon volumes; OBJECTIVE: Microvascular decompression (MVD) is associated with low mortality and morbidity rates at specialized centers, but many MVD procedures are performed outside such centers. We studied short-term end points after MVD in a national hospital discharge database sample. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed by using the Nationwide Inpatient Sample, 1996 to 2000. RESULTS: The sample included 1326 MVD procedures for treatment of trigeminal neuralgia, 237 for treatment of hemifacial spasm, and 27 for treatment of glossopharyngeal neuralgia, performed at 305 hospitals by 277 identified surgeons. The mortality rate was 0.3%, and the rate of discharge other than to home was 3.8%. Neurological complications were coded in 1.7% of cases, hematomas in 0.5%, and facial palsies in 0.6%, with 0.4% of patients requiring ventriculostomies and 0.7% postoperative ventilation. Trigeminal nerve section was also coded for 3.4% of patients with trigeminal neuralgia, more commonly among older patients (P = 0.08), among female patients (P = 0.03), and at teaching hospitals (P = 0.02). The median annual caseloads were 5 cases per hospital (range, 1-195 cases) and 3 cases per surgeon (range, 1-107 cases). With adjustment for age, sex, race, primary insurance, diagnosis (trigeminal neuralgia versus hemifacial spasm versus glossopharyngeal neuralgia), geographic region, admission type and source, and medical comorbidities, outcomes at discharge were superior at higher-volume hospitals (P = 0.006) and with higher-volume surgeons (P = 0.02). Complications were less frequent after surgery performed at high-volume hospitals (P = 0.04) or by high-volume surgeons (P = 0.01). The rate of discharge other than to home was 5.1% for the lowest-volume-quartile hospitals, compared with 1.6% for the highest-volume-quartile hospitals. Volume and mortality rate were not significantly related, but three of the four deaths in the series followed procedures performed by surgeons who had performed only one MVD procedure that year. Length of stay (median, 3 d) and hospital volume were not significantly related. Hospital charges were slightly higher at higher-volume hospitals (P = 0.007). CONCLUSION: Although most MVD procedures in the United States are performed at low-volume centers, mortality rates remain low. Morbidity rates are significantly lower at high-volume hospitals and with high-volume surgeons.
Anthropometric measurements of the endoscopic eyebrow lift in the treatment of facial paralysis; Endoscopic eyebrow lift was performed on 51 patients presenting with eyebrow ptosis due to facial paralysis. The resulting anthropometric measurements of eyebrow position were analyzed statistically to evaluate the effectiveness of this method. When preoperative eyebrow differences between the paralyzed and nonparalyzed sides were measured, the average difference at midpoint was 4.4 mm, and at the highest point, 4.6 mm. When the same points were measured postoperatively, the average difference at midpoint was 2.4 mm, and at the highest point, 2.3 mm. The difference in eyebrow height between the paralyzed and nonparalyzed sides correlated positively with age, both preoperatively and postoperatively. However, differences between preoperative and postoperative eyebrow height (which reflects the effectiveness of endoscopic eyebrow lift) at the highest point did not correlate with age and at the midpoint displayed a slightly negative correlation with age. These results suggest that endoscopic eyebrow lift is effective among young patients whose eyebrow ptosis is minor and is relatively ineffective among elderly patients whose eyebrow ptosis is severe. The conventional method of juxta-brow excision is indicated for elderly patients, for whom the operative scar is almost inconspicuous.
Bilateral simultaneous facial paralysis - Differential diagnosis and treatment options. A case report and review of literature; Bilateral facial paralysis or paresis of peripheral origin is a rare condition and therefore represents a diagnostic challenge. We here present a case of a previously healthy woman who was hospitalized for symptoms of meningitis. On the second day of her hospital stay, she developed bilateral facial paresis. Later, the patient developed also tachycardia and dysrythmias. A thorough diagnostic procedure including lumbar puncture, routine blood investigation with serological tests, MRI of the brain, Holter monitoring and transoesophageal echocardiographia, revealed meningitis with radiculitis, facial paresis and myocarditis. The clinical triad of meningitis, radiculitis and facial palsy is known as the Bannwarth Syndrome (Lyme disease). The patient was treated with ceftriaxone and recovered well. Despite repeatedly taken serological tests, Borrelia burgdorferi immunoglobulins were not detected. Acquired bilateral facial paralysis can occur in several diseases of infectious, neurological, idiopathic, iatrogenic, toxic, neoplastic or traumatic origin. In this article, we review the differential diagnoses and treatment options of bilateral facial paresis and present a scheme that is helpful in the diagnostic evaluation of this condition.
Soft tissue augmentation with Artecoll: 10-Year history, indications, techniques, and complications; Most of the biologic filler materials that increase the thickness of the corium in a wrinkle line are phagocytosed within a certain time. Therefore, a lasting effect can only be achieved with nonresorbable synthetic substances. Artefill consists of 20 volume percent microspheres of polymethyl-methacrylate and 80 volume percent of bovine collagen. Beneath the crease, the microspheres with their exceptional surface smoothness stimulate fibroblasts to encapsulate each individual one of the 6-million microspheres contained in 1 mL of Artefill. Collagen is merely a carrier substance that prevents the microspheres from agglomerating during tissue ingrowth. The 20 volume percent of microspheres in Artefill provides the scaffold for the 80% volume of connective tissue deposition, a complete replacement of the injected collagen. The filler material beneath a crease acts like a splint and prevents the possibility of its further folding,-thereby allowing the diminished thickness of the corium in a crease to recover. This recovery process is well known even in older patients with facial paralysis or after a stroke, whose facial wrinkles and furrows on the paralyzed side disappear over time.
Facial nerve paralysis secondary to Warthin's tumour of the parotid gland; Facial nerve paralysis associated with a parotid gland tumour classically denotes malignancy. Only a few case reports have indicated benign parotid tumours as a cause of facial nerve palsy. We present a new case of facial nerve paralysis secondary to Warthin's tumour of the parotid gland. It is important for clinicians to be aware that, on rare occasions, facial nerve dysfunction may result from benign parotid disease.
Comparison and examination of stereotactic surgical complications in movement disorders; The purpose of the present study was to determine exactly the incidence of surgical complications in patients for whom MRI-targeted, microelectrode recording (MER)-guided implantation of deep brain stimulation (DBS) or radiofrequency (RF)-coagulation surgery was performed. Between January, 1998 and September, 2002, a total of 110 stereotactic surgeries for movement disorders (57 RF-coagulations and 53 implantations of DBS) were performed. We investigated the type and number of complications for each of the following surgical targets; globus pallidus, thalamus, and subthalamic nucleus (STN). Twenty-four neurological complications in 22 patients and 16 radiological/instrumental complications in 16 patients were verified among the 110 surgeries. Among the neurological complications, hemiparesis and mental disturbances were observed at a high rate, while intraoperative hemorrhage frequently occurred among the radiological/instrumental complications. The rate of neurological and radiological/instrumental complications for each of the stereotactic targets; the globus pallidus, thalamus, and STN-targeted surgeries, was 32.4%, 16.7%, 18.8% and 16.2%, 20.0%, 12.5%, respectively. The reason for the high rate of intraoperative hemorrhage may be associated with technical problems resulting from the penetration of vessels by needles, as well as the destruction of small vessels due to heat ablation. As for the mental disturbances, visual hallucinations (VH) occurred a high rate, especially during STN-DBS. Peduncular damage and/or L-dopa toxicity due to STN-DBS may have been associated with VH, so the STN-DBS may therefore be thought to change the threshold of stimulus-induced hallucinations. We also found that the procedures for DBS surgery, especially in younger patients, have a lower risk of complication, while, on the other hand, coagulation surgery for elderly patients is accompanied by of high risks, from the standpoint of surgical complications.
Clinical perspectives regarding patients with internal auditory canal or cerebellopontine angle lesions: Surgical and radiation oncology perspectives; The management of patients with cerebellopontine angle (CPA) or internal auditory canal (IAC) lesions is presented from the surgical and radiation oncology perspective. A full appreciation of the treatment options these patients experience is important so that their pre- and post-operative imaging exams may be understood and interpreted correctly. This article discusses in detail the clinical management of these patients. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical application of the acupuncture method for "raising and lowering the qi mechanism"; In this article the author focuses on the qi mechanism (qiji), its potential disorders and the possible methods of treating these by using acupuncture. In his opinion, the basic requirement for a physiological equilibrium in accordance with the principle of "the balance of the yin and the stability of the yang" (yinping yangmi) is the harmonious raising and lowering by the qi mechanism (qiji). With this in mind, the author presents the widely applicable method for acupuncture and moxibustion "Raising and lowering the qi mechanism" (qiji shengjiang), which is subdivided into ten procedures: boosting the qi, raising, containing "desertion" (tuo), mobilizing the qi, release of qi stases, development of the qi, lowering the qi, neutralising counterflow, cohesion of the qi as well as the absorption of the qi. For each of these procedures he provides indications and the acupuncture points to be chosen, and he describes the needle and moxibustion techniques to be used. In the second part of the article the author describes three case studies in which his approach was most successful. The first patient was suffering from secondary infertility attributable to "glare" (huo) with blockage of the qi and a lack of interaction between the "renal" and "heart" functional systems (xin and shen). In this case it was necessary to soothe and regulate the "liver" functional system (gan), to drain away the "glare" and to link up the "renal" and "heart" functional systems again. To achieve this a number of acupuncture points had to be needled, some of them drawing blood, and it was necessary to apply cupping and moxibustion with the intention of deliberate expulsion and supplementation. The needle technique in each case is explained in detail as well as the corresponding effect of the treatment at each acupuncture point. The second patient suffered from chronic hiccups as a result of rising, counterflowing stomach qi (weiqi). The therapy applied by the author consisted of regulation of the qi, arresting of the hiccups, harmonisation of the stomach qi (weiqi) and lowering of counterflow, which involved balanced expulsive and supplementive needling at the two acupuncture points REN 12 "Middle Cavity" (zhongwan) and REN 6 "Sea of qi" (qihai) and the use of the "Method of Fire that burns down the forest" (shao shan huo fa). Here, too, the acupuncture points chosen, the needle techniques used and the effects of the method are all described in detail. The third patient was a particularly difficult case of facial paralysis resulting from rising "glare" (huo) in the liver and gall bladder functional systems (gan and dan) and bi-obstructions of the network channels (luomai). Following initial success by calming the liver functional system, draining glare and releasing of blockages in the main and network channels which involved the needling of a number of acupuncture points, in some cases drawing blood, and the cupping of others, the treatment had to be interrupted owing to problems in the patient's family. When therapy was resumed, the physician found there to be depletion (xu) accompanied by bi-obstruction in the network channels (luomai). The qi now had to be boosted, the yang to be raised and the main and network channels to be unblocked so that energy could flow freely again. Once again a number of specific acupuncture points had to be needled and now also to be treated with moxibustion. At this time the patient was again prone to suffering psychological stress so that after a while stases of the liver qi (gangqi) developed together with an inadequate supply of qi to the network channels. Subsequent therapy consisted of soothing of the liver qi (ganqi), regulating and boosting the qi, and enabling the free flow of energy through the network channels, which required needling and moxibustion at a number of acupuncture points. This treatment finally led to the patient's return to good health.
A patient with Guillain-Barré syndrome and recurrent episodes of ST elevation and left ventricular hypokinesis in the anterior wall; A-65-year old woman who developed total ophthalmoplegia, areflexia in all her limbs and ataxia after upper respiratory tract infection was admitted to our hospital on the second day of illness. On day 3, she developed severe tetraparesis and respiratory failure which required mechanical ventilation, and Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) was diagnosed. On day 4, bilateral ptosis, facial diplegia, and neck muscle weakness appeared, and her all limbs were flaccid and immobile. An electrophysiological study suggested axonal damage. Marked blood pressure fluctuation also appeared on day 4. On day 5, an electrocardiogram showed a ST-segment elevation in leads V1 through V4 and the echocardiography showed anterior hypokinesia of the left ventricle. Her serum creatine kinase was normal. Left ventricular dysfunction and ST-segment elevation were normalized within hours, but a transient ST-segment elevation re-occurred on day 6. An electrocardiogram on day 13, showed inverted T waves in diffuse leads, which inversion continued. ST-segment elevation and hypokinesia in this patient were restricted to the left anterior descending branch, therefore, coronary spasm of that branch was considered the possible mechanism. In contrast, inverted T wave was due to either catecholamine cardiotoxicity or diffuse cardiac ischemia. Abnormalities of electrocardiogram were presumably due to cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction of GBS.
Use and Misuse of Corticosteroids; Corticosteroids are amongst the most common drugs used in clinical medicine. Prudent management of patients is essential to avoid steroid-induced complications.
Moebius syndrome due to the use of misoprostol. Case report; We report a patient affected with Moebius Syndrome (OMIM 157900) due to the use of misoprostol during the first trimester of the pregnancy, when abortion was intended twice using this drug, vias vaginal (600 mg) and oral (900 mg), with failure to induce abortion on both occasions. Since the use of misoprostol for abortion, without any medical indication or supervision, appears to be rather frequent in our population and since there are reports of severe malformations in children born after failed intents of abortion with this medication, it is necessary to alert the medical community and the population in general about the teratogenic risks of this drug.
Intracerebral granulocytic sarcoma. A case report; Granulocytic sarcoma is a tumor composed of proliferating myeloblastic cells, generally found in the orbit. A brain localization is rare. We report the case of a 11-year-old boy treated in our unit for acute myeloblastic leukemia (AML 4 Eo. FAB). After 21 months of complete remission, he developed headache and facial palsy. The CT scan visualized the presence of two frontal and occipital masses. The spinal tap revealed blastic cells in the CSF. The study of the bone morrow showed medullar relapse. A new medullar and cerebro-meningeal remission was obtained with chemotherapy and radiotherapy. CSF and the bone marrow studies can help avoid stereotaxic biopsy can be avoided in this type of tumor.
Monitoring vaccine safety during measles mass immunization campaigns: Clinical and programmatic issues; In the planning and implementation of mass immunization campaigns, vaccine delivery has always been a priority. However, safety issues have gained increasingly more attention and grown in importance, and campaign planners must now take them into prime consideration. The World Health Organization has released guidelines to assist with the design and implementation of safety surveillance systems, primarily for developing countries, and these include a new monograph for measles mass campaigns. Experience in the past decade with mass campaigns (primarily in developed countries) shows that measles vaccine performs in these settings as anticipated from pre- and post-licensure studies. Serious adverse events are rare, even under the increased scrutiny extended during a campaign. The experience in developing country settings is growing. The implementation of safety surveillance for mass campaigns offers a unique opportunity for countries to avoid crisis situations and to begin vaccine safety monitoring in routine immunization programs.
Bilateral facial nerve palsy due to adult T cell leukemia/lymphoma; We report a case of bilateral facial nerve palsy caused by adult T cell leukemia/lymphoma (ATLL). A 51-year-old female consulted our department because of right facial palsy. Steroid therapy was performed, and her right facial palsy was recovered. However, sixteen days after the onset of right facial palsy, left facial palsy developed. She was diagnosed as having ATLL based on blood examination. Chemotherapy was performed but the patient died two months later.
Two cases of simultaneous bilateral idiopathic facial nerve palsy; We report two cases of simultaneous bilateral idiopathic facial nerve palsy. About one month of treatment mainly with corticosteroid therapy brought about complete cure of the paralysis bilaterally in both cases. Bilateral simultaneous facial nerve palsy is an extremely rareillness. While idiopathic facial nerve plasy is the most common diagnosis, a comprehensive evaluation must be completed prior to this diagnosis in patients with bilateral facial nerve palsy.
Recurrent pleomorphic adenomas of the parotid gland; Three hundred and eleven parotid tumors were excised in our hospital between January 1989 and March 2002. The clinical courses, pathological findings and methods of therapy in 11 patients with recurrent pleomorphic adenomas of the parotid gland are presented. Of these 11 patients, 4 were male and 7 were female. The interval to first recurrence was 5-30 years. Six were first recurrent cases, 3 were second recurrent cases and 2 were third recurrent cases. Four were single recurrent tumors and 7 were multiple recurrent tumors. The initial pathogical diagnosis was pleomorphic adenoma in all 11 cases, however, 2 cases showed malignant changes: one was mucoepidermoid carcinoma, and the other was adenocarcinoma. Surgery was performed in all cases: 6 were partial parotidectomy, 3 were total parotidectomy, and 2 were tumor resection. Post operatively, one case showed facial paresis, but this case has almost completely recoverd at present. There was neither evidence of Frey's syndrome nor recurrence in any of the 11 cases post operatively. Recurrent pleomorphic adenomas of the parotid gland may occur in the following cases: 1) cases receiving tumor enucleation, 2) cases with rupture of the capsule during surgery, or 3) cases in which myxoid stroma predominates in the tumor. The appropriate treatment for recurrent pleomorphic adenoma is complete resection. Therefore, we must make an exact preoperative evaluation of the parotid region by CT and MRI image.
A study of the distribution of facial nerve conduction velocities by transcranial magnetic stimulation; Objective: purpose of this study was to evaluate by the collision method the distribution of nerve conduction velocities (DNCVs) of the facial nerve under transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), to better understand its neurophysiological characteristics. Materials and Methods: The subjects were 13 normal volunteers and 3 patients with Bell's palsy. The experiments were carried out using Magstim model 200, a large coil measuring 90 mm in diameter with a maximal output of 2. 0 tesla (T), and a Neuropack 8 (Nihon Kohden, Japan) to control the stimulation and record the electromyographical findings. The labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve within the temporal bone was selected as the site for transcranial magnetic stimulation, and the main trunk of the facial nerve that runs subcutaneously in the parotid region was selected as the site for electric stimulation. The reference electrode of the bipolar lead was placed over the mentalis muscle. The amplitude of compound muscle action potentials (CMAP) to the mentalis muscle was studied by the collision method. Measurement and Results: The peak of DNCV was detected at 22 to 24 m/sec in 13 normal volunteers. The data showed a decrease in the number of thicker fibers, which tended to show faster conduction velocities, in Bell's palsy patients. Conclusions: We were able to investigate the DNCVs of the facial nerve by TMS. Thicker myelinated fibers may be more susceptible to compression damage. From this finding it can be said that the compression of the nerve results in a state comparable with Bell's palsy.
Need for facial reanimation after operations for vestibular schwannoma: Patients perspective; A total of 779 patients operated on for vestibular schwannoma mostly by the translabyrinthine approach in Denmark during the period 1976-2000 answered a questionnaire about various postoperative consequences. In this paper we describe the patients' facial function evaluated by professionals one year postoperatively and self-evaluated by each patient according to the House-Brackmann scale at the time of the questionnaire. The patients' self-evaluation was more pessimistic than that of the professionals with 26% reporting House-Brackmann grade IV-VI, compared with 20%. One hundred and seventeen (15%) of 779 patients considered their facial palsy to be a big problem and 125 patients (16%) were interested in surgical treatment for the sequelae of facial palsy. Seventy-eight (10%) had already had some kind of operation, usually the VII-XII coaptation. Thirty-three of 61 patients who had already been operated on for facial palsy were interested in further surgical treatment. One hundred and ninety-five patients (25 %) had some kind of operation on the eye, mostly (88%) a tarsorrhaphy. Reanimation procedures such as a palpebral gold weight or a spring, apparently still have a small place in Denmark. In conclusion, there seem to be a considerable and unmet need for surgical reanimation of facial function in patients with facial palsy after operations for vestibular schwannoma in Denmark.
Neuroleptic-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome; Context: A case of neuroleptic malignant syndrome and acute respiratory distress syndrome is presented and discussed with emphasis on the role of muscle relaxation, creatine kinase, and respiratory function tests. Case Report: A 41-year-old man presented right otalgia and peripheral facial paralysis. A computed tomography scan of the skull showed a hyperdense area, 2 cm in diameter, in the pathway of the anterior intercommunicating cerebral artery. Preoperative examination revealed: pH 7.4, PaCO2 40 torr, PaO2 80 torr (room air), Hb 13.8 g/dl, blood urea nitrogen 3.2 mmol/l, and creatinine 90 μmol/l. The chest x-ray was normal. The patient had not eaten during the 12-hour period prior to anesthesia induction. Intravenous halothane, fentanyl 0.5 mg and droperidol 25 mg were used for anesthesia induction. After the first six hours, the PaO2 was 65 torr (normal PaCO2) with FiO2 50% (PaO2/FiO2 130), and remained at this level until the end of the operation 4 hours later, maintaining PaCO2 at 35 torr. A thrombosed aneurysm was detected and resected, and the ends of the artery were closed with clips. No vasospasm was present. This case illustrates that neuroleptic drugs can cause neuroleptic maglignant syndrome associated with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Neuroleptic malignant syndrome is a disease that is difficult to diagnose. Acute respiratory distress syndrome is another manifestation of neuroleptic malignant syndrome that has not been recognized in previous reports: it may be produced by neuroleptic drugs independent of the manifestation of neuroleptic malignant syndrome. Some considerations regarding the cause and effect relationship between acute respiratory distress syndrome and neuroleptic drugs are discussed. Intensive care unit physicians should consider the possibility that patients receiving neurleptic drugs could develop respiratory failure in the absence of other factors that might explain the syndrome.
Novel generations of influenza vaccines; Several strategies are being pursued to increase the quality and quantity of influenza vaccines that are used on an annual basis including increasing the immunogenicity of currently licensed inactivated vaccines, delivery of inactive vaccines directly to the nasal mucosa, the use of cell lines for virus production and the use of live, attenuated vaccines. In addition, modern molecular biological techniques are being used to create and evaluate new vaccine approaches. This report will briefly review these different strategies and outline some of the potential advantages and challenges associated with them. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dizziness; There are several causes of dizziness, each of which requires a different form of management. Virtually all causes of dizziness can be treated with medication, diet, or physical therapy. This article discusses the most common causes of dizziness and management. Case examples are used extensively.
Peripheral neuropathies in clinical practice; Based on the history and physical examination, it is often possible to arrive at a relatively specific diagnosis of peripheral neuropathy. The clinical history and examination are often sufficient to create a more focused and appropriate laboratory evaluation, counseling for the patient as to long-term prognosis, and options for clinical management.
Congenital aplasia of the semicircular canals; Objective: To describe the underrecognized inner ear malformation characterized by complete aplasia of the labyrinthine semicircular canals associated with a relatively well-formed cochlea, to investigate its relationship with known syndromic forms of hearing loss, and to hypothesize regarding the potential embryopathogenesis of this anomaly. Study Design: A retrospective case review consisting of cases of sensorineural hearing loss with radiographic evidence demonstrating agenesis of the semicircular canals associated with a cochlea that was either morphologically normal or sufficiently well developed to accommodate the full insertion of a cochlear implant electrode. Cases were identified by computerized tomography findings that identified the anomaly under study. Setting: Departments of otolaryngology and radiology in a tertiary referral center, with a large cochlear implant program serving over 800 patients, more than half of whom are children. Patients: Fifteen patients with the anomaly under study were identified. Interventions: Each patient underwent a complete otologic examination, audiometric studies, and high resolution computerized tomography of the temporal bone in axial and coronal planes. Main Outcome Measures: The bony morphology of the cochlea, round and oval windows, vestibule, semicircular canals, and vestibular aqueduct, and the course of the facial nerve were examined. Auditory findings and otologic treatment are presented. Results: Of the 15 identified patietnts, 4 were nonsyndromic, 9 had CHARGE association (Coloboma of the eye, congenital Heart defects, choanal Atresia, mental and/or growth Retardation, Genital hypoplasia, and Ear anomalies and/or deafness), 1 met criteria for Noonan's syndrome, and one had features of both these syndromes. Although the cochlea was present in all cases, the cochlear morphology was usually abnormal in the CHARGE association patients. Of the 20 ears in the CHARGE subjects, only 3 ears (15%) were seen to have completely normal development of the cochlea in both the basal and upper turns. The others showed either mild hypoplasia of the upper turns (13 ears, 65%) or an incomplete partition typical of the classic Mondini deformity (4 ears, 20%). In the 4 nonsyndromic cases, one subject had bilateral Mondini dysplasia and the other three had normal cochleae. In the entire group, abnormalities of oval window development were common (20 of 30 ears, 67%), especially in the syndromic cases (18/22, 81%), but the round window was normal in the majority of cases (73%). Seven patients in the CHARGE association group had an anomalous course of the facial nerve, which was particularly severe in three. Four patients had congenital unilateral facial paralysis, although two of these children had normal radiographic anatomy of the facial nerve. One patient had bilateral facial weakness. Conclusions: Syndromic and nonsyndromic cases of isolated semicircular canal aplasia were identified. Except for mild to moderate cochlear dysplasia, and the anomalous course of the facial nerve in some CHARGE association patients, both groups of patients were generally suitable for cochlear implantation if indicated. A high incidence of oval window aplasia with normal round window development may help to explain the embryopathogenesis of this anomaly, considering the sequence of inner ear development.
Common cranial nerve disorders in dogs and cats. 2. CN V and Cn VII; Lesions affecting the trigeminal (CN V) and facial (CN VII) nerves often appear similar on initial presentation but proper evaluation will allow differentiation between the two. Disorders of the trigeminal nerve are usually associated with central lesions (apart from mandibular paralysis or 'dropped jaw'). Disorders of the facial nerve are common in clinical practice and it is important to identify whether these are due to idiopathic facial nerve paralysis, are occurring secondarily to an inner or middle ear lesion or are due to a more central lesion. This article discusses the assessment of the trigeminal and facial nerves and details their common disorders. In the light of the complex components of CN V and CN VII, only the clinically relevant innervations of the two are considered.
Plastic reconstructive correction of persistent orofacial swelling and swelling of the eyelids in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Background: The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome complex is characterised by asymmetric orofacial oedema, facial palsy, furrowed tongue (lingua plicata) and additional neurological symptoms. Patient: A 21-year old man presented with a bilateral asymmetric oedema of the eyelids which increased during the follow-up period of 12 years. Intermittent swelling of the auditory channel occurred and resulted in hearing loss. Furthermore, the patient complained unspecific neurological symptoms as headache, tinnitus and subjective visual defects. The lid oedema did not only result in cosmetic problems but seriously restricted visual fields. Results: Our patient showed the typical symptoms of the Melkersson-Rosenthal complex, lacking however facial palsy which is often caused by mechanical compression along the course of the facial nerve. The differential diagnosis of recurrent swelling of the lids was discussed on an interdisciplinary plane. The inflammatory activity could be reduced and the frequency of swelling episodes could be diminished by a treatment with hydroxychloroquine. The initially relapsing, then persistent swelling had led to severe restriction of the visual field and resulted in a severe social stigmatisation and psychic stress for the patient. The surgical resection of the granulomatous tissue was carried out under steroid treatment to prevent recurrence. Histochemical analysis showed inflammation of the lymphoid plasmacellular type with mucipolysaccharidoid deposition typical of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Blepharoplasty resulted in an improved cosmetic appearance. The patient remained symptom-free with an excellent functional result. Conclusions: After persistence and constancy of the findings of a granulomatous blepharitis, surgical correction is a good opportunity to minimise the subjective complaints and neurological symptoms.
Surgical treatment of bilateral facial paralysis: Six case reports; Bilateral facial paralysis is a rare condition that leads to many functional problems such as salivary incontinence, expressionless face, and speech and chewing difficulties. When the condition appears irreversible, surgical treatment may be required. The clinical records of six patients treated surgically for bilateral facial paralysis were examined. They were treated with bilateral temporal muscle transposition flaps as described by Rubin, and a tendon graft through the lower lip. Four patients had moderate to excellent improvement in speech and reduction in salivary incontinence. Two patients needed surgical revision of a tendon graft which was too tight. The authors consider this technique useful for the treatment of bilateral facial paralysis.
Craniofacial and skull base trauma; Background: Traumatic craniofacial and skull base injuries require a multidisciplinary team approach. Trauma physicians must evaluate carefully, triage properly, and maintain a high index of suspicion to improve survival and enhance functional recovery. Frequently, craniofacial and skull base injuries are overlooked while treating more life-threatening injuries. Unnoticed complex craniofacial and skull base fractures, cerebrospinal fluid fistulae, and cranial nerve injuries can result in blindness, diplopia, deafness, facial paralysis, or meningitis. Early recognition of specific craniofacial and skull base injury patterns can lead to identification of associated injuries and allow for more rapid and appropriate management. Conclusion: Early detection and treatment of craniofacial and skull base traumatic injuries should lead to decreased morbidity and mortality. This review discusses the most common of these injuries, their possible complications, and treatment.
Cephalic tetanus with inaugural Bell's palsy in an elderly man; Cephalic tetanus is a rare form of tetanus defined as trismus plus paralysis of one or more cranial nerves. The seventh cranial nerve is most commonly involved. The process can remain localized, or become generalized. We describe the case of an elderly Caucasian man who developed cephalic tetanus after head trauma with a facial wound. Bell's palsy was inaugural.
Chiropractic care of a patient with vertebral subluxation and Bell's palsy.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the chiropractic care of a patient medically diagnosed with Bell's palsy and discuss issues clinically relevant to this disorder, such as its epidemiology, etiology, diagnosis, care, and prognosis. CLINICAL FEATURES: A 49-year-old woman with a medical diagnosis of Bell's palsy sought chiropractic care. Her symptoms included right facial paralysis, extreme phonophobia, pain in the right temporomandibular joint (TMJ), and neck pain. Signs of cervical vertebral and TMJ subluxations included edema, tenderness, asymmetry of motion and posture, and malalignment detected from plain film radiographs. INTERVENTION AND OUTCOME: The patient was cared for with full spine contact-specific, high-velocity, low-amplitude adjustments (Gonstead Technique) to sites of vertebral and occipital subluxations. The patient's left TMJ was also adjusted. The initial symptomatic response to care was positive, and the patient made continued improvements during the 6 months of care. CONCLUSION: There are indications that patients suffering from Bell's palsy may benefit from a holistic chiropractic approach that not only includes a focus of examination and care of the primary regional areas of complaint (eg, face, TMJ) but also potentially from significant vertebral subluxation concomitants.
The management and outcomes of benign tumours of the facial nerve; Objectives: To review our experience of benign tumours of the facial nerve over a thirteen year period to enable recommendations on the timing of surgical intervention, the approach to surgical resection, the technique of reconstruction of the facial nerve, and the expected outcomes of surgery. Materials and methods: Fifteen patients with benign tumours of the facial nerve were identified from a database of 820 patients with facial nerve disorders. Ten patients who underwent surgical intervention were studied. Results: Patients with prolonged complete facial paralysis prior to surgery were found to make no clinical recovery following surgical resection and facial nerve grafting. Surgical resection should occur when clinical nerve function deteriorates but before complete paralysis. Patients with normal facial function should be observed clinically and with serial high resolution magnetic resonance imaging with gadolinium. The pathological extent of the tumour may be greater than predicted by MRI appearance. Hearing preservation using transmastoid middle cranial fossa approach is feasible. Conclusion: Benign tumours of the facial nerve are rare, affect young people, are frequently misdiagnosed and lead to progressive loss of facial function. Resection when there is residual function gives partial recovery whereas resection when paralysis is complete gives poor functional recovery. Hearing preservation surgery is possible following removal of these tumours.
Localized form of Wegener's granulomatosis with affection of the ear and eye; The authors present the case-record of a previously healthy 48-year-old female patient with the limited form of Wegener's granulomatosis. The disease was manifested by bilateral mastoiditis with paresis of the facial nerve, complete loss of hearing on the left, serious impairment of hearing on the right side and temporary occlusion of the a. centralis retinae on the right. In the discussion the authors draw attention to the diagnostic pitfalls of the limited form of Wegener's granulomatosis. Immunosupressive and cytostatic treatment led within a relatively short time to clinical and laboratory remission of the disease. In the conclusion the authors emphasize the importance of team work in the diagnosis and treatment of the disease.
Persistence of the antibody response to the VlsE sixth invariant region (IR6) peptide of Borrelia burgdorferi after successful antibiotic treatment of lyme disease; It has been suggested that a <4-fold decline in the immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibody response to the VlsE sixth invariant region peptide of Borrelia burgdorferi within 6 months after antibiotic treatment may indicate spirochetal persistence in Lyme disease. We studied the response to this peptide in 77 patients with early or late disease, for whom archival samples were available at the time of antibiotic treatment and ∼6 months or years later. Eight (33%) of the 24 patients with early manifestations and 18 (86%) of the 21 patients with late manifestations had a <4-fold decline in IgG anti-VlsE titers ∼6 months after successful antibiotic treatment. Of 32 additional patients, 13 (50%) with early manifestations and 5 (83%) with late manifestations still had positive anti-VlsE titers 8-15 years after successful antibiotic treatment. We conclude that persistence of the anti-VlsE antibody response for months or years after antibiotic treatment cannot be equated with spirochetal persistence in Lyme disease.
Bell's palsy: Update on causes, recognition, management; Recent evidence suggests that viral infection is the most likely underlying cause of Bell's palsy. Rapidity of onset is a due to the diagnosis; unilateral facial weakness or paralysis develops over 24 to 48 hours. Rule out other causes of peripheral facial paralysis, such as Ramsay Hunt syndrome and Lyme disease. Although most cases of Bell's palsy resolve without medical or surgical intervention, older patients and those with abnormal electroneurographic results are less likely to have complete recovery of facial function. Early treatment with an oral corticosteroid is likely to enhance recovery; concurrent use of acydovir may also be helpful. Surgical decompression has been effective in patients with abnormal electroneurographic results.
Bell's palsy; A review is given of diagnosis and treatment of Bell's palsy. In some cases early treatment can prevent permanent damage to communication and expression.
Pharmacological characteristics of parenteral IGF-I administration; Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is a naturally occurring single chain polypeptide of 7649 Da that is produced primarily in the liver. The metabolic activities of IGF-I are similar to those of insulin and its effects on growth, development, regeneration and metabolism have been widely studied. Indeed, IGF-I is currently being used clinically for the treatment of growth related disorders and its therapeutic value is also being evaluated in diabetes, IGF-I-induced neuroprotection, and in promoting bone healing. However, like many other peptides, IGF-I has a short biological half-life and is rapidly removed from circulation following systemic administration. In the vascular system, this is normally compensated for by the association of IGF-I with IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs), that also appear to regulate the activities of IGF-I. Here, we describe the biopharmaceutical properties of different parenteral formulations of IGF-I. The pharmaceutical characteristics of conventional formulations such as aqueous IGF-I solutions are compare with new controlled release formulations such as multivesicular liposomes, osmotic minipumps, and poly (DL-lactic-co-glycolic) acid (PLGA) microspheres.
A phase 3 trial of local chemotherapy with biodegradable carmustine (BCNU) wafers (Gliadel wafers) in patients with primary malignant glioma; A previous placebo-controlled trial has shown that biodegradable 1,3-bis (2-chloroethyl)-1-nitrosourea (BCNU) wafers (Gliadel wafers) prolong survival in patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme. A previously completed phase 3 trial, also placebo controlled, in 32 patients with newly diagnosed malignant glioma also demonstrated a survival benefit in those patients treated with BCNU wafers. Because of the small number of patients in that trial, a larger phase 3 trial was performed to confirm these results. Two hundred forty patients were randomized to receive either BCNU or placebo wafers at the time of primary surgical resection; both groups were treated with external beam radiation postoperatively. The two groups were similar for age, sex, Karnofsky performance status (KPS), and tumor histology. Median survival in the intent-to-treat group was 13.9 months for the BCNU wafer-treated group and 11.6 months for the placebo-treated group (log-rank P-value stratified by country = 0.03), with a 29% reduction in the risk of death in the treatment group. When adjusted for factors affecting survival, the treatment effect remained positive with a risk reduction of 28% (P = 0.03). Time to decline in KPS and in 10/11 neuroperformance measures was statistically significantly prolonged in the BCNU wafer-treated group (P ≤ 0.05). Adverse events were comparable for the 2 groups, except for CSF leak (5% in the BCNU wafer-treated group vs. 0.8% in the placebo-treated group) and intracranial hypertension (9.1% in the BCNU wafer-treated group vs. 1.7% in the placebo group). This study confirms that local chemotherapy with BCNU wafers is well tolerated and offers a survival benefit to patients with newly diagnosed malignant glioma.
Scarless lip rehabilitation for the adynamic lip; OBJECTIVE: Paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve can be a debilitating condition resulting in compromised speech and oral incompetence. We describe a static procedure performed to address the functional and cosmetic deficits seen with an adynamic lip. METHODS: Three patients with complete facial nerve paralysis were evaluated after the scarless lip rehabilitation, a modification of the traditional wedge resection of the lower lip. The procedure is novel in that the removal of lip laxity and advancement of the contralateral innervated lip is achieved without an external facial skin incision. RESULTS: All 3 patients in the study reported improvement in oral competence and lip symmetry; however, articulation was less consistently affected. All 3 patients were able to drink from a glass without leaking from their oral commissure. No complications were seen in this series of patients. CONCLUSION: Oral incompetence and asymmetry are often the overlooked sequelae from complete facial nerve paralysis. Scarless lip rehabilitation of the adynamic lip is a novel, safe, and effective means to improve these functional and aesthetic deficits.
Facial nerve stimulation and postparotidectomy facial paresis; OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the association of intraoperative facial nerve stimulation and postoperative facial nerve paresis/paralysis. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: Eighty-nine consecutive patients who underwent parotidectomy by a single surgeon were retrospectively analyzed for age, gender, size of tumor, tumor histology, and intraoperative use of a facial nerve stimulator. RESULTS: Facial paresis developed in 22% (10 of 46) of the patients who were stimulated and 22% (5 of 23) of the nonstimulated patients. These results were not statistically significant (P = 1.0000). There was no permanent paralysis in either group. The tumor type and size and gender and age of the patient did not affect the outcome. CONCLUSION: There was no difference in the incidence of postoperative facial nerve paresis or paralysis between the stimulated and nonstimulated patients. Routine use of a stimulator is not necessary during parotid surgery because its use does not prevent or promote facial nerve injury.
The effectiveness of neuromuscular facial retraining combined with electromyography in facial paralysis rehabilitation; OBJECTIVE: The study goal was to present the effectiveness of neuromuscular facial retraining techniques used in combination with electromyography for improving facial function even in cases of longstanding paralysis. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a retrospective case review in a tertiary neurotology clinic. PATIENTS: Twenty-four patients with facial paralysis received neuromuscular facial retraining between April 1999 and April 2001. The patient sample included 6 males and 18 females, with an average age of 44 years. A control group consisted of 6 patients (4 females and 2 males). RESULTS: All patient groups made significant improvements in function with improved symmetry in dual-channel electromyographic readings and increased facial movement percentages. Some of the percentages of posttreatment facial function were as follows: acoustic neuromas, 93%; Bell's palsy/Ramsay Hunt syndrome, 80%; and facial nerve anastomosis, 71%. Synkinesis was reduced by at least 2 levels in patients who initially demonstrated synkinesis. CONCLUSIONS: Neuromuscular facial retraining exercises and electromyography are effective for improving facial movements. SIGNIFICANCE: Facial retraining is an excellent example of the plasticity of the central nervous system to reorganize, even in cases of longstanding paralysis.
Catamenial synkinetic retroauricular pain; A report of two female patients with persistent unilateral retroauricular pain and cranial synkinesis following Bell's palsy. Pain occurred during menses in the first patient and was exacerbated by menses in the second patient. Retroauricular pain often precedes or follows Bell's palsy. Pain normally disappears within 2 weeks from the onset of paralysis. Neurological examination, brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography of the head and cranial electrophysiological testing were performed. The first patient had severe right retroauricular pain during her menses for several years following Bell's palsy. Her brain MRI showed non-specific T2 white matter hyperintensities. On her electromyogram she had facial synkinesis with tonic motor unit discharges on her right orbicularis oris and mentalis muscles during sustained eye closure. The second patient reported hearing a sound over her left ear when she blinked or protruded her jaw after Bell's palsy. She had ipsilateral retroauricular pain, exacerbated during menses. Her brain MRI was normal. Electromyogram showed facial synkinesis. Chronic retroauricular pain, occurring or exacerbated during menses, may be a rare complication of Bell's palsy. It can be associated with facial subclinical synkinetic dystonia and trigemino-facial synkinesis.
Retrospective case study of carbon dioxide laser stapedotomy with lens-based and mirror-based micromanipulators; Most clinical studies on carbon dioxide (CO2) (λ = 10.6 mm) laser stapedotomy have been carried out with the laser guided by a conventional lens-based micromanipulator, with the attendant risks of correct aiming (HeNe) and surgical (CO2) beam misalignment. Hence, engineering advances have attempted to improve laser targeting as well as the spot size focus. The development of the mirror-based micromanipulator was a response to this need but no data concerning its use in stapes surgery is available. We performed a retrospective case-series review of patients treated for otosclerosis between 1992 and 2000. Primary laser stapedotomy was performed in 218 consecutive patients. In the first 78 procedures, the aiming beam (HeNe, λ = 632 nm) and surgical beam (CO2) were guided with a conventional lens-based micromanipulator whereas in the subsequent 140 procedures, they were guided by using a mirror-based micromanipulator. Hearing was tested at six and 12 months. The mean (SD) air-bone gap was 5 dB (4.5) and 4.5 dB (3.9). The mean closure was 15 dB (9.9) and 14.4 dB (9.4). The mean change in the high-tone bone-conduction level was 5.5 dB (7.3) and 7.8 dB (7.5). Overheating of the facial canal produced transient facial paralysis in one case and was due to misalignment of the beams with the lens-based micromanipulator. Use of the mirror-based micromanipulator obviated the need to verify alignment. The light-weight and superior optical yield of this system made it possible to reduce the number of impacts on the footplate by the integral restitution of the energy source. This study demonstrated that the CO2 laser is an effective method for performing stapedotomy. In addition, microtrauma to the labyrinth is reduced by its ability to perform calibrated footplate fenestration without mechanical or vibrational injury to the inner ear. The optical reflection micromanipulator simplified beam alignment and enhanced surgical comfort.
Young woman with sore throat and extreme fatigue; To what diagnosis do the clinical clues and peripheral smear point in this young woman with worsening pharyngitis, low-grade fever, and extreme fatigue?
Safety assessment of gadobenate dimeglumine (MultiHance®): Extended clinical experience from phase I studies to post-marketing surveillance; Clinical trials completed by September 2000 on gadobenate dimeglumine (Gd-BOPTA; MultiHance®) included 2540 adult and pediatric subjects that were administered this agent. For adult patient volunteers, the overall incidence of adverse events (AEs) was 19.8%, although marked study- and indication-related differences were apparent. Events potentially related to Gd-BOPTA administration were reported for 15.1% of adult patients. The vast majority of AEs were non-serious, mild, transient, and self-resolving. Headache, injection site reaction, nausea, taste perversion, and vasodilation were the most common AEs, reported with a frequency of between 1.0% and 2.6%. Serious AEs potentially related to Gd-BOPTA were reported for five (0.2%) patients overall. Controlled studies revealed no differences between Gd-BOPTA and other gadolinium chelates or placebo in the incidence and type of AEs. Similarly, no differences with respect to adult patients and/or comparator were noted in studies on pediatric subjects and subjects with renal or liver insufficiency. Post-marketing surveillance of approximately 100,000 doses revealed an overall AE incidence of <0.03% with serious AEs reported for <0.005% of patients.
Surgery combined with radiosurgery of large acoustic neuromas; BACKGROUND: The treatment of acoustic neuromas has been improved by advancements in microsurgical techniques and in radiosurgery. To further elucidate the degree of clinical improvement, we evaluated the treatment results of a combination of surgery and radiosurgery for large acoustic neuromas. METHODS: From January 1994 through December 2000, we treated 14 patients with large acoustic neuromas using a combination of surgery and radiosurgery. Of these, 8 were male and 6 were female patients, with an average age of 47 years (range, 18-64). The average maximum diameter of the tumor was 42 mm (range, 30-58 mm). All patients underwent operations using the retrosigmoid approach, and one patient was retreated using the transpetrosal transtentorial approach. The tumors were removed subtotally in thirteen patients and partially in one who had a very large hypervascular acoustic neuroma. There were no mortality and no surgical complications, such as hemorrhage or CSF leakage. Postoperative facial palsy was avoided in 10 patients (71%). Radiosurgery was performed 1 to 6 months (mean, 2.9 months) after surgery. At the time of radiosurgery, the treatment size (mean diameter) became 19.2 mm (range, 9.8-36.1 mm). The average tumor marginal dose was 12.1Gy (range, from 10-14 Gy). The mean follow-up period was 32 months after radiosurgery. RESULTS: The tumor size decreased in 6 patients, unchanged in 5 patients, and increased in 3 patients. Only 1 patient (7%) with extra large tumor needed surgical resection 1 year after radiosurgery. Excellent facial nerve function (House & Brackmann Grade I or II) was preserved in 12 patients (85.7%) in the final follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: In the case of large acoustic neuromas, subtotal removal and subsequent radiosurgery is one option for maintaining cranial nerve function and long-term tumor growth control. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nonclinical safety evaluation of Escherichia coli heat-labile toxin mucosal adjuvant as a component of a nasal influenza vaccine; Conventional influenza vaccines currently in use are administered parenterally and generally confer good protection against systemic disease through the induction of high titers of serum virus-neutralizing antibodies. Parenteral vaccines are suboptimal in that they fail to induce a local mucosal response that may prevent the early stages of virus infection. Thus, the intranasal administration of a vaccine may provide a viable alternative to the parenteral route. Indeed, intranasal administration of vaccine antigens when formulated with an appropriate mucosal adjuvant (e.g(G.g., bacterial toxins), results in a vigorous local and systemic immune response. This review discusses the nonclinical safety evaluation of Escherichia coli heat-labile toxin as a mucosal adjuvant for an intranasally administered influenza vaccine.
Is angiomatosis an intrinsic pathohistological feature of massive osteolysis? Report of an autopsy case and a review of the literature; We report here an autopsied patient who had died during the clinical course of massive osteolysis (MO), which is a rare chronic disease that begins insidiously and is characterized by progressive regional loss of bone. Since the original description by Gorham and Stout in 1955, vascular proliferation, e.g., hemangiomatosis, has been considered to be the characteristic feature related to the pathogenesis. However, no such vascular changes were observed in the present patient. It was also important to note that a significant number of cases of MO that showed no vascular proliferation have been described previously. Therefore, we consider that vascular proliferation is not always associated with the osteolysis in MO and that the increased vascularity, if any, may be one of the results of the disease rather than the cause.
Mutants of the Escherichia coli heat-labile enterotoxin as safe and strong adjuvants for intranasal delivery of vaccines; Cholera toxin and Escherichia coil heat-labile enterotoxin are powerful mucosal adjuvants but their high toxicity hampers their use in humans. Site-directed mutagenesis has allowed the generation of several cholera toxin and E. coli heat-labile enterotoxin mutants with abolished or strongly reduced toxicity that still retain strong mucosal adjuvanticity. Among them, LTK63 (Ser to Lys substitution at position 63 in the A subunit) is completely nontoxic and LTR72 (Ala to Arg at position 72) retains a very low residual enzymatic activity. Both of them have been shown to be safe and effective in enhancing the immunogenicity of intranasally coadministered vaccines, also resulting in protective responses in several animal models. Clinical grade preparations of these mutants have now been produced, tested in animals and proven to be totally safe. Indeed, they did not induce any inflammatory event in the respiratory tract nor, more importantly, in the olfactory bulbs and in the meninges. The fully nontoxic LTK63 mutant has now been boon successfully tested in human volunteers with a trivalent subunit influenza vaccine.
Cyclosporine therapy: Does it provoke neurological complications in Behcet's disease; Cyclosporine was suggested recently by Japanese workers to provoke central nervous systems symptoms in Behcet's disease. We report 2 cases supporting this notion. Our aim is to draw the attention of physicians to such phenomenon as cyclosporine being frequently advocated in the treatment of uveitis due to Behcet's disease.
The multiform and variable patterns of onset of orofacial granulomatosis; Background: The recurrent chronic orofacial swelling caused by orofacial granulomatosis (OFG) can cause significant cosmetic and functional problems but can be prevented if the disease is diagnosed early and promptly treated. Although the enlargement of the lips is described to be the most common presenting complaint, the clinical onset of OFG may be characterized by minor associated mucosal and neurological manifestations, making early diagnosis very difficult or, sometimes, merely presumable. Patients and methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical manifestations of 19 patients with OFG, who were examined at our institution between 1998 and 2002, in order to determine their initial manifestations and presenting symptoms. Results: A total of 10 patients showed classical recurrent enlargement of the lips (six lower; four upper) as presenting symptom. In the other nine patients, OFG onset was characterized by transient unilateral facial nerve palsy (two cases), intraoral manifestations (two cases), recurrent swelling of the periorbital area (two cases), of the chin (one case), of the zygomatic area (one case), and of the cheeks (one case). Conclusion: Our data underlined that OFG onset could be frequently characterized by widely variable, multiform, and temporary clinical findings. Involvement of atypical sites of the orofacial region and presence of single minor manifestations may occur as presenting symptoms, often preceding the development of traditional clinical findings.
Achalasia-alacrima-ACTH insensitivity syndrome (Triple A syndrome); Triple A syndrome is characterized by achalasia of the cardia, alacrima, adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) resistant adrenal insufficiency and progressive neurological abnormalities including autonomic nervous dysfunction. An 8-year-old girl presented to the pediatric intensive care unit with sudden loss of consciousness and was diagnosed subsequently to have this condition. The authors present this condition since it is easily treatable and can be fatal if undiagnosed.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a neuro-mucocutaneous disorder characterized by recurrent orofacial swelling, relapsing facial paralysis and fissured tongue. The classic triad is not frequent in a complete form, but oligosymptomatic forms such as Miescher's cheilitis granulomatosa are more common. Although various pathogenic mechanisms have been proposed including an infective aetiology, atopy and hipersensitivity to food additives, the aetiology is still unknown. Biopsies during the early stages of the disease show dilated lymphatics, perivascular aggregates of histiocytes, lymphocytes, and plasma cells in the milieu of nonspecific edema but the most characteristic findings are noncaseating sarcoidal granulomas which are not always present. The therapeutic management is difficult. Oral and intralesional corticoesteroids, minocycline and cheiloplasty have been attempted, all with limited success.
Cerebellopontine angle surgery. Part 1: General remarks; Objectives. Cerebellopontine angle tumors, although uniform in location, are diverse with regard to the site of tumor origin and displacement of the neurovascular structures. With the increasing use of magnetic resonance imaging in the diagnosis of brain lesions, the treatment of tumors of the cerebellopontine angle has changed extraordinarily. An appreciation of the vascular and cranial nerve microanatomy and the intimate relationship between neurovascular structures and the tumor is essential for achieving optimal surgical results Methods. A review was made of the current literature. Results and conclusions. The different treatment options are compared with microsurgical tumor resection with respect to neurological outcome and long-term follow-up. As microsurgical removal is still the treatment of choice for such tumors, the indication for surgical treatment is analyzed and the different surgical approaches to the cerebellopontine angle are described in terms of their frequency of involvement in the surrounding neural and vascular structures with varying tumor size. The etiology of facial and cochlear nerve injury, as well as complications involving other cranial nerves, are discussed with emphasis on pathophysiological and anatomical considerations. In conclusion, the great variation in the anatomical location and the involvement of neurovascular structures in the cerebellopontine angle is demonstrated.
An adult case of tuberculous meningitis; A 36-year-old man was referred to our hospital with complaints of high fever and headache. A diagnosis of miliary tuberculosis with tuberculous meningitis was made. He was treated with isoniazid (400 mg/day), rifampicin (300 mg/day), ethambutol (750 mg/day), pyrazinamide (1.0 g/day) and prednisolone (60 mg/day). However, he lost consciousness because of hydrocephalus on the second day of hospitalization. Emergency cerebrospinal fluid drainage improved his neurological symptoms. After two months, he again complained of headache with nausea and double vision. Numerous tuberculomas were found not only in the cerebrum but also in the liver, the spleen and the retina. Recurrent hydrocephalus was treated with a V-P shunt, and combination therapy with four antituberculous agents was maintained for 18 months. He was discharged in a healthy condition, although a mild left facial palsy remained. In addition, we examined the inflammatory cytokine levels in both the CSF and the serum over the period of the patient's hospitalization. We concluded that the cytokine levels in the CSF may be associated with the progress and the prognosis of tuberculous meningitis.
Central nervous system Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a disease caused by the spirochete, Borrelia burgdorferi. It is transmitted to humans via a bite from an infected tick. It has several classic stages or categories of illness, including early localized disease, early disseminated disease, and late disease. The focus of this article is on the manifestations, diagnosis, and treatment of Lyme disease of the central nervous system. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Acyclovir in idiopatic facial paralysis treatment; Recently, acyclovir use has been proposed for the treatment of idiopatic acute paralysis due to the hypothetical viral origin of the disease. Several trials has tried to conclude that acyclovir-prednisona is superior to prednisone alone. We review the latest studies to define protocols in Primary Health Care for the medical treatment of idiopatic facial paralisis but current evidence does not support the recomendation that acyclovir should be use in this disorder.
Hydrocephalus as a presenting manifestation of neurosarcoidosis; We present a case of hydrocephalus as the primary manifestation of neurosarcoidosis. Neurologic involvement is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with sarcoidosis. Detection and management of neurosarcoidosis remains problematic. Although the typical presentation of facial nerve palsy in a documented case of sarcoidosis is not a diagnostic dilemma, more atypical presentations such as hydrocephalus with increased intracranial pressure in a previously healthy patient can be a challenge.
Methods of reducing the number of complications and relapses after microvascular decompression in patients with trigeminal neuralgia; Techniques and methods of preventing the disease relapses and possible postoperative complications, e.g. vestibuloatactic syndrome, impairment or loss of hearing, paresis of the mimic muscles, syndrome of intracranial hypotension etc., are suggested on the basis of an analysis of results of 94 microvascular decompression operations of the trigeminal nerve root implemented in patients with trigeminal neuralgia. A contact with venous vessel is not a reason, according to the authors, of trigeminal neuralgia. The authors point out the need in a thorough revision of all surfaces of the trigeminal nerve root (but not only of its portal zone) for the purpose of detecting and removing all possible conflict points, which significantly reduces the number of possible disease relapses. The preservation of the petrosal vein and of its tributaries and, primarily, of the lateral inversion vein of ventricle IV is an important factor in preventing the postoperative vestibular-and-cerebellar disorders. The controllable exfusion of liquor, before opening up the dura matter of the brain, facilitates the approach to the neurovascular-conflict location by avoiding tension of the roots of cranial-and-cerebral nerves. The autoliquortransfusion, made at final operation stage, ensures the recovery of the intracranial pressure to normal values, thus, preventing a possible hypotensive syndrome and hydrops labyrinthine, which can lead to an impaired hearing and vestibuloatactic syndrome.
Early diagnosis and stage-adapted treatment of Wegener's granulomatosis; A case of Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) presenting with hearing loss and right facial nerve palsy is reported. The definitive diagnosis was based upon clinical data and serum cANCA and AECA detection. Early assessment of WG prevented surgical facial nerve decompression to treat a chronic otitis media complication. Immunosuppressive therapy with steroids, cyclophosphamide and methotrexate was required for relief of clinical symptoms and cANCA negativity as an expression of disease remission. The effectiveness of co-trimoxazole for preventing relapses of WG is discussed.
Outcome of treatment with valacyclovir and prednisone in patients with Bell's palsy; Idiopathic facial paralysis, or Bell's palsy, shows a nonepidemic pattern that might indicate reactivation of a latent microorganism such as herpes simplex type I as a causative agent. Thirty percent of patients with Bell's palsy given no treatment will not recover completely, and 5% will have severe sequelae. The aim of this study was to find out whether treatment with an antiviral drug in combination with corticosteroids is more effective than no medical treatment at all in patients with Bell's palsy. Fifty-six consecutive adult patients attending the otorhinolaryngology department of the University Hospital of Lund from 1997 to 1999 were treated with 1 g of valacyclovir hydrochloride 3 times per day for 7 days and 50 mg of prednisone daily for 5 days, with the dose being reduced by 10 mg daily for the next 5 days. Fifty-six adult patients with Bell's palsy attending the same department between 1995 and 1996 who were given no medical treatment were studied retrospectively and used as the control group. Forty-nine patients (87.5%) in the treatment group recovered completely, as compared with 38 patients (68%) in the control group (p < .05). One patient (1.8%) in the treatment group displayed severe sequelae, defined as a House-Brackmann score of IV or worse, as compared with 10 of 56 patients (18%) in the control group (p < .01). Among patients over 60 years old, 10 of 10 in the treatment group had complete recovery, as compared with 5 of 12 patients in the control group (p < .01). The present study showed a significantly better outcome in patients with Bell's palsy treated with valacyclovir and prednisone as compared with patients given no medical treatment. This difference in outcome was especially pronounced among elderly patients.
Anatomical variations of the facial nerve in first branchial cleft anomalies; Objective: To review our experience with branchial cleft anomalies, with special attention to their subtypes and anatomical relationship to the facial nerve. Study Design: Case series. Setting: Tertiary care center. Patients: Ten patients who underwent resection for anomalies of the first branchial cleft, with at least 1 year of follow-up, were included in the study. The data from all cases were collected in a prospective fashion, including immediate postoperative diagrams. Intervention: Complete resection of the branchial cleft anomaly was performed in all cases. Wide exposure of the facial nerve was achieved using a modified Blair incision and superficial parotidectomy. Facial nerve monitoring was used in every case. Main Outcome Measures: The primary outcome measurements were facial nerve function and incidence of recurrence after resection of the branchial cleft anomaly. Results: Ten patients, 6 females and 4 males, with a mean age of 9 years at presentation, were treated by the senior author (P.J.K.) between 1989 and 2001. The lesions were characterized as sinus tracts (n = 5), fistulous tracts (n = 3), and cysts (n = 2). Seven lesions were medial to the facial nerve, 2 were lateral to the facial nerve, and 1 was between branches of the facial nerve. There were no complications related to facial nerve paresis or paralysis, and none of the patients has had a recurrence. Conclusions: The successful treatment of branchial cleft anomalies requires a complete resection. A safe complete resection requires a full exposure of the facial nerve, as the lesions can be variably associated with the nerve.
Facial paralysis caused by tuberculosis in a 2.5-month-old infant; We describe an infant who presented with a cervical mass and ear discharge that did not respond to broad-spectrum antibiotics. Tuberculous infection was diagnosed after the onset of respiratory distress. Persistent otorrhoea that does not respond to conventional antibiotics or facial paralysis in a child with a discharging ear should alert the physician to a diagnosis of tuberculosis.
Management of intratemporal facial nerve schwannoma; Objective: The aim of this study was to report a series of 18 facial nerve schwannomas, including 2 infantile cases. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Setting: Tertiary referral center. Patients: Eighteen patients with facial nerve schwannoma, operated on between 1980 and 2000. Intervention: Surgical treatments were performed in all cases. Main Outcome Measures: The presenting symptoms and facial nerve function were graded using the House-Brackmann scale and eye closure. Results: Facial nerve paralysis was the most common symptom, presenting in 94% of cases, followed by hearing loss and mass lesion. In one case, the tumor was shaved, leaving the facial nerve intact. In the other cases, the facial nerve reconstruction with hypoglossal-facial anastomosis or interposition graft was performed. The postoperative facial function was House-Brackmann grade IV in most cases (88.2%). In terms of the functional recovery classified by complete or incomplete eye closure, the moderate preoperative facial nerve palsy group showed a better functional outcome than severe group. Conclusion: In cases with good facial nerve function, it would be better to consider an alternative method for preserving the facial nerve. Furthermore, when facial nerve paralysis has developed to more than House-Brackmann grade III, an immediate operation is recommended to obtain a good postoperative facial functional recovery.
Regional spread of nonneurogenic tumors to the skull base via the facial nerve; Objective: This study examined the clinical and pathologic features of regional spread of nonneurogenic neoplastic disease to the intratemporal segments of the facial nerve. Study Design: Retrospective review. Setting: Three tertiary referral centers. Patients: Six patients with neoplastic disease of nonneurogenic origin involving segments of the facial nerve within the temporal bone. Interventions: All patients underwent surgery with curative intent. Five patients received adjuvant radiation, and two received adjuvant radiation and chemotherapy. Main Outcome Measures: Histopathology, site of primary tumor, intratemporal location of regional spread along the facial nerve, degree of facial paralysis, and presence of residual disease. Results: Five cases of malignancy were reported: one case of parotid adenoid cystic carcinoma, one case of parotid mucoepidermoid carcinoma, two cases of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, and one case of an unidentified carcinoma. Perineural spread was histologically found in all cases of malignant disease. In addition, one case of benign pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland that circumferentially involved an intratemporal segment of the facial nerve was reported. Facial paralysis was present in five of six (83%) of cases. Four patients had unresectable malignant disease, and two died despite multimodality therapy. Conclusions: The facial nerve provides a route for the spread of neoplastic disease into the temporal bone, and perineural invasion is an important mechanism of invasion and motility of malignant disease. Nonneurogenic intratemporal tumors of the facial nerve are a rare but significant cause of facial paralysis.
To what extent do evaluations of facial paralysis by physicians coincide with self-evaluations by patients: Comparison of the Yanagihara method, the House-Brackmann method, and self-evaluation by patients; Objectives: To understand to what extent evaluations of facial paralysis by physicians coincide with self-evaluations by patients. Study Design: Prospective clinical study. Patients: One hundred thirty-one patients (68 male patients and 63 female patients) with facial paralysis were included in the study. Interventions: The relationship between the evaluation of facial paralysis using the Yanagihara system, the House-Brackmann grading system, and self-evaluation by patients was studied. Main Outcome Measures: The paralysis scores and grade determined by physicians using the above two systems were well correlated with the self-evaluations by patients. Results: The evaluation of subjective symptoms differed among individuals. Even patients who were evaluated as either completely paralyzed or cured according to the Yanagihara and House-Brackmann methods did not always rate their subjective symptoms as being consistent with these scores. Conclusion: Evaluations with the two systems correlated significantly with self-evaluations by patients on the whole. These two methods of evaluation are considered appropriate not only for physicians but also for patients. In contrast, some discrepancies were observed. This point should be taken into account in routine patient care.
Clinical data and cerebrospinal fluid findings in Lyme meningitis versus aseptic meningitis; The purpose of this study was to characterise Lyme meningitis (LM) in a Belgian paediatric population and to suggest findings that could allow early distinction from aseptic meningitis (AM). The medical records of patients hospitalised between 1993 and 2000 and with a discharge diagnosis of LM (n = 14) or AM (n = 16) were retrospectively reviewed. The Kruskal-Wallis test was used to compare data. Of the patients, 16 were identified with AM and 14 with LM, amongst which 7 presented with isolated LM and 7 with associated peripheral facial palsy (PFP). Patients with AM, when compared with LM, complained of more pronounced signs and symptoms of meningitis (fever, headaches, and neck stiffness); they statistically displayed a shorter period of symptoms before admission (1.6 vs 15 days), higher neutrophilic component (mean 56% vs 2.4%), and lower protein levels (mean 0.39 vs 1.12 g/l) on cerebrospinal fluid analysis. In the neuroborreliosis group, the duration of symptoms was shorter and the cerebrospinal protein level was lower in cases of LM associated with PFP compared to isolated LM (mean 1.3 vs 15 days; mean 0.55 g/l vs 1.12 g/l). Conclusions: Our results suggest that some clinical data and laboratory findings may help the physician to diagnose aseptic or Lyme meningitis before completion of serologic testing. LM should be suspected in cases of meningitis with very low CSF neutrophilic counts and high protein levels associated with prolonged duration of symptoms, low grade fever, and absence of pronounced signs of meningitis.
Recurrent facial palsy occurring with metastatic thymic carcinoid and nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy; A 74-year-old man was diagnosed with thymic carcinoid metastatic to the mediastinum. Two years later, he developed left and then right facial palsy. Four additional episodes of facial palsy developed within 2 years, followed by an occurrence of nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy. While recurrent facial palsy is uncommon, it may occur in the presence of various systemic conditions such as carcinoid, diabetes, infection, and neoplasm. The presence of recurrent facial palsy logically warrants an evaluation for systemic disease.
Advanced management of venous malformation with ethanol sclerotherapy: Mid-term results; Purpose: This paper is an update of previously published data on the basis of a retrospective review of midterm results of ethanol sclerotherapy on 87 patients (January 1995 to December 2000) for assessment of its efficacy as an improved treatment method for venous malformation (VM). According to this assessment, VMs were defined with a new classification and studied with advanced diagnostic technology and an advanced care system. Methods: The average follow-up period was 24 months after completion of a multisession treatment (mean, 8.2 months). Classification of VM was based on a modification of the Hamburg classification. Advanced diagnostic technology, mostly noninvasive, was used on 226 of 520 patients with congenital vascular malformation registered at the Congenital Vascular Malformation Clinic at the Samsung Medical Center. Of the 226 patients with VM, 87 with infiltrating extratruncular lesions had a total of 399 sessions of sclerotherapy. Follow-up assessment with periodic clinical examinations by the multidisciplinary team was supplemented with body blood pool scans, duplex scans, and magnetic resonance imaging, according to protocol, once the multisession therapy was completed. Angiographic assessment was seldom included. The endpoint of this phase II study was 24 months. Results: Of 399 sessions, initial success was seen in 379 sessions (95.0%) and failure was seen in 20 sessions (5%). This was mostly caused by forced abandonment from technical difficulty in delivering ethanol safely to the lesion (eg, direct drainage of VM into normal deep vein system). Later results after completion of the multisession therapy with a minimum follow-up of 24 months on 71 VMs have shown no evidence of recurrence. Eighty-seven patients have shown the same results without recurrence on an average of 18.2 months of follow-up. Fifty-one minor to major complications, mostly skin damage, developed after 47 sessions among the 379 sessions (12.4% in 24/87 patients; 27.9%). However, complications resolved spontaneously or were managed successfully, except for one permanent facial nerve palsy and one peroneal nerve palsy. Conclusion: Absolute ethanol sclerotherapy can deliver excellent results as an independent therapy to the infiltrating type of extratruncular form of VM, which was once taboo because of prohibitively high morbidity. Absolute ethanol may be accepted as an effective treatment method because no recurrence has been observed in the relatively long-term observation period and the morbidity has been acceptable. However, it should be reserved only for individuals and centers with expertise. The morbidity involved should be dearly understood and accepted by the patient or family, and the risk of acute and chronic complications, both major or minor, should be explained to the patient. Long-term assessment of the complication's sequelae is warranted.
Recurrent anterior uveitis and healed retinal vasculitis associated with multiple sclerosis; We describe the occurrence of anterior uveitis with healed retinal vasculitis in an Asian-Indian woman. She had features of anterior uveitis and healed retinal vasculitis. This rare disease in India may be associated with intraocular inflammation.
The platinum chain: a new upper-lid implant for facial palsy.; BACKGROUND: When using upper-lid gold implants in facial palsy, a certain percentage of undesired effects and complications are known to occur (eg, astigmatism, pseudoptosis, migration, bulging, and extrusion). Our flexible platinum chain implant adapts better to the changing radius of the tarsus with movement of the globe and reduces the complication rate. Platinum implants are smaller, owing to their higher density. OBJECTIVE: To compare the results with 33 gold and 30 platinum chain implantations. METHODS: Clinical follow-up study at a university otorhinolaryngology department. The mean follow-up was 11 months in the gold-implant group and 9 months in the platinum-implant group. The treatment consisted of pretarsal fixation of the metal weights to the upper lid. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Criteria for evaluation of results include reduction of lagophthalmos and keratopathy and gain of visual acuity. Complications that have been assessed include astigmatism, bulging, migration, pseudoptosis, and extrusion of implants. We evaluated histological samples of the implant bed and performed ultrasound measurements of the tarsal radius. RESULTS: The restoration of lid closure was a visual and aesthetic improvement for all patients. We found a tendency toward a higher rate of complications with gold implants compared with platinum chains, especially for astigmatism and bulging. Ultrasonographic measurements showed ongoing flexibility of the platinum chains after implantation, and histological findings confirmed their good biocompatibility. CONCLUSIONS: Flexible platinum chain implants lead to better results with fewer complications compared with standard rigid gold implants.
Minimally invasive brow suspension for facial paralysis.; OBJECTIVE: To report a new technique for unilateral brow suspension for facial paralysis that is minimally invasive, limits supraciliary scar formation, does not require specialized endoscopic equipment or expertise, and has proved to be equal to direct brow suspension in durability and symmetry. DESIGN: Retrospective survey of a case series of 23 patients between January 1997 and December 2000. SETTING: Metropolitan tertiary care center. PATIENTS: Patients with head and neck tumors and brow ptosis caused by facial nerve paralysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The results of the procedure were determined using the following 3-tier rating system: outstanding (excellent elevation and symmetry); acceptable (good elevation and fair symmetry); and unacceptable (loss of elevation). RESULTS: The results were considered outstanding in 12 patients, acceptable in 9 patients, and unacceptable in only 1 patient. One patient developed a hematoma, and 1 patient required a secondary adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: The technique has proved to be superior to standard brow suspension procedures with regard to scar formation and equal with respect to facial symmetry and suspension. These results have caused us to abandon direct brow suspension and to use this minimally invasive method in all cases of brow ptosis due to facial paralysis.
Malignant transformation of a chiasmatic pilocytic astrocytoma in a patient with diencephalic syndrome; Chiasmatic gliomas with metastatic spread are rare in children and are usually associated with diencephalic syndrome. They are mostly pilocytic astrocytomas and their transformation to high-grade astrocytomas has never previously been reported in the pediatric population. We report leptomeningeal spread of a chiasmatic pilocytic astrocytoma in a child presenting with diencephalic syndrome. He was treated with chemotherapy and radiation. The tumor recurred with transformation into a high-grade astrocytoma. Radiation therapy may have played a role in transformation of the tumor, but more research is needed to further clarify the biological behavior of this tumor.
Interhemispheric subdural hematoma: An uncommon sequel of trauma; Interhemispheric subdural hematomas are relatively uncommon and usually seen in patients with bleeding disorders. They may present with signs of the falx syndrome or seizures. The management options range from craniotomy and evacuation to conservative management. We report such a case in a patient with normal bleeding parameters, which was managed with a twist drill craniostomy and drainage of the hematoma.
Massive falx cerebri empyema; A rare case of otogenic massive intra-falx empyema is reported. The patient presented with headache, vomiting and left lower limb weakness of 8 months duration. C.T. scan revealed two cavities in the falx. Right fronto-parietal craniectomy and drainage of massive empyema was undertaken through interhemispheric approach with wide opening of the falx, evacuation of voluminous amount of thick pus and marsupalization of flax with dura. The patient showed complete recovery. The relevant literature is briefly reviewed.
Lipoma in the region of the jugular foramen; A 22-year-old girl presented with a gradually progressive loss of hearing in the left ear and ipsilateral facial paresis. Investigations revealed a lipoma in the region of the jugular foramen. Conservative resection of the tumor resulted in improvement in facial paresis. The treatment options in such cases are discussed in this report.
Facial palsy as a presenting feature of coarctation of aorta; We report the unusual presentation of coarctation of the aorta with facial nerve palsy in an infant and a child. The facial nerve palsy and hypertension resolved spontaneously after relief of the aortic coarctation. Our two cases are the first reports of unidentified coarctation of the aorta presenting as facial nerve palsy, with the infant being the youngest to be reported. © 2002 Published by Elsevier Science B.V.
Transferring neurovascular rectus femoris muscle segment for treatment of facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To investigate a new technique for functional treatment of chronic facial paralysis.
Neurotological complications after radiosurgery versus conservative management in acoustic neuromas: A systematic review-based study; Objective - Treatment modalities for acoustic neuroma (AN) include surgery, observation and gamma-knife surgery. The aim of this study was to compare neurotological complications resulting from two treatment alternatives to microsurgery: radiosurgery and observation. Material and methods - We conducted a systematic review of the literature dealing with radiosurgery for AN and compared the rate of neurotological complications in this population with that in a cohort of patients managed conservatively. Results - We found that neurotological complications, namely facial hypoesthesia (p = 0.002), hearing loss (p < 0.05) and hydrocephalus (p = 0.02), were more frequently encountered after radiosurgery than with conservative management. In contrast, we found that the risk of growth of AN is significantly higher with conservative management and that the rate of stability of the tumor did not differ significantly between the two treatments. Conclusion - We prefer a conservative management regimen for patients who cannot be operated on for their AN. However, there are some difficulties inherent in this conservative management policy, namely non-compliance and difficulties in establishing the evolution of the tumor.
Vestibular-evoked myogenic potentials in two patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome; We report on the function of the inferior vestibular nerve, as monitored by the vestibular-evoked myogenic potentials (VEMP), in two patients suffering from Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Both the patients presented canal paresis (CP) and hearing loss, but in one patient normal VEMP was recorded while the other presented vagus nerve paralysis plus no VEMP response at the highest stimulus intensity used in our institute (i.e., 105 dB nHL). © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pediatric bilateral facial nerve palsy secondary to acute otitis media; Bilateral facial palsy after the onset of acute otitis media is presented in a 19-month-old patient. Facial nerve palsy disappeared gradually after myringotomy. The mechanisms underlying the facial nerve palsy with otitis media are discussed. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of acyclovir on facial nerve paralysis induced by herpes simplex virus type 1 in mice; Objectives: Bell's palsy has recently been claimed to be caused by herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) infection. The anti-viral agent acyclovir is a specific inhibitor of herpesvirus replication, and the most effective agent for the treatment herpesvirus infection. The purpose of this experiment was to assess the effect of acyclovir on the facial nerve paralysis included by HSV-1 infection. Methods: We succeeded in producing an animal model of acute and transient facial nerve paralysis induced with HSV-1 neuritis simulating human Bell's palsy. In this study, acyclovir administration was performed before and after facial nerve paralysis, and continued for 5 days. Controls were given phosphate-buffer saline (PBS) instead of acyclovir, and the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis was compared in the acyclovir groups and controls. Results: The incidence of facial nerve paralysis was significantly lower in the group given acyclovir before the paralysis than in the controls, and the duration of facial nerve paralysis was shorter. Conclusions: Administration of acyclovir before the paralysis reduced the incidence and duration of facial nerve paralysis. Administration of acyclovir after the paralysis improved the duration of facial nerve paralysis. © 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
A case of Lyme disease with facial nerve palsy; Lyme disease is an infection transmitted by ticks and caused by spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. This disease is a complex multiple organ disorder with neurological complications. We encountered a case of Lyme disease with left facial palsy as a form of neuroborreliosis and report the case here. A 35-year-old man consulted our hospital complaining of left facial palsy following a tick bite with localized erythema migrans and positivity of serum anti-Borrelia burgdorferi antibody indicating a diagnosis of neuroborreliosis. He was treated with antibiotics (intravenous ceftriaxon and piperacillin following oral minocycline) and prednisolone for 22 days. After therapy, he made a complete recovery from the disease.
Marginal zone-related neoplasms of splenic and nodal origin; Background. The marginal zone is an anatomically distinct B-cell compartment of lymphoid tissue with an abundant antigenic influx. Among marginal zone-derived lymphomas the WHO classification listed, in addition to extranodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma of MALT type, two other marginal zone B-cell neoplasms: splenic marginal zone B-cell lymphoma (+/- villous lymphocytes) and nodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma (+/- monocytoid B cells). These two entities are well characterized histologically, but specific biological markers are lacking. Treatment options are heterogeneous, including a watch-and-wait policy, surgery with or without chemotherapy, purine analogs, and interferon. No prospective studies have been conducted so far. Information sources. Clinical and pathologic data were reviewed by searches of the published medical literature, including searches in PubMed®, important printed publications, and abstracts presented at recent hematology and pathology meetings. State of the art. Splenic and nodal marginal zone lymphomas are typical low-grade lymphomas with an indolent course. A subset of patients, however, presents with more aggressive disease and have a shorter survival. Clinical and biological prognostic factors identified in reported series are heterogeneous. The role played by hepatitis C virus (HCV) in marginal zone lymphomas is not fully elucidated, but there is demonstration that eradication of HCV infection in splenic lymphoma with villous lymphocytes causes regression of the lymphoma. The optimal treatment has not yet been identified. Retrospective series, however, show that splenectomy is a good option if symptoms from the presence of spleen enlargement or cytopenias need to be treated. The utility of purine analogs and of anti-CD20 immunotherapy needs to be clarified in prospective trials. Perspectives. Clinicians and pathologists should cooperate to define stringent diagnostic criteria for these indolent disorders. The optimal therapeutic approach and the role of new treatments need to be assessed in prospective clinical trials.
Vertigo from herpes zoster oticus: Superior or inferior vestibular nerve origin?; Objective/Hypothesis: This study aims to analyze which division of vestibular nerve in the internal auditory canal is responsible for inducing vertigo in patients with herpes zoster oticus (HZO). Methods: Eight patients (three men and five women) suffered from auricular vesicles, otalgia, and facial palsy, and five of them also had vertigo. Each patient received a battery of tests, including neurological examination, blood examination, audiometry, caloric test, electronystagmography, and vestibular evoked myogenic potential (VEMP) test. Results: All five HZO patients with vertigo had facial palsy on the lesioned side and spontaneous nystagmus beating toward the healthy side. Absent VEMPs were noted in five patients, absent caloric response was noted in four, and sensorineural HL was noted in three. Compared to another three HZO patients without vertigo, all revealed normal responses in both the caloric test and the VEMP test. On MRI scan, two out of four had abnormal gadolinium enhancement along the nerve segments within the internal auditory canal. Six months after treatment, a follow-up caloric test and VEMP test in these eight patients did not alter the results compared with before treatment. Conclusion: The nerve trunks within the internal auditory canal are widely affected in HZO patients with vertigo. Both superior division and inferior division of the vestibular nerve attribute to the vertiginous attack. Further, large numbers of HZO patients undergoing caloric testing and VEMP testing are required to support this tentative conclusion.
Facial nerve schwannoma; Facial nerve schwannomas are clinically challenging tumors. This is a case study of a young woman with an extensive facial nerve schwannoma. The clinical presentation, radiographic diagnosis, pathological confirmation, and treatment options for this relatively rare tumor are discussed.
Guidelines for pediatrician referrals to the ophthalmologist; It is common in pediatric ophthalmology to see children with eye disorders that have gone undetected for years. Many conditions can progress slowly, are not painful, or are unilateral so as not to be bothersome to the child or noticeable to the parent or physician. Pediatricians often ask what they could have done to confirm the presence of the condition and whether the child should have been referred for specialty examination. The guidelines set forth in this article should clarify for the pediatrician which children warrant referral to the ophthalmologist.
A systematic comprehensive approach to management of irreversible facial paralysis; Irreversible facial palsy (IFP) presents a multitude of problems arising from a paretic periorbital and facial complex, the solutions to which cross the spectrum of multiple specialties. The process of facial rehabilitation can be simplified by subdividing the face into functional units. These units consist of the brow complex, the periorbital complex, the midface complex, and the lower face/oral complex. Although all of these units are interrelated and influence each other, careful study of the deformity and symptoms of each unit yields a coherent approach and customized surgical plan. The following provides a complete evaluation method for the surgeon to review and customize an approach to the individual patient's needs and desires. Facial rehabilitation must be tailored to each individual, addressing both functional as well as aesthetic concerns for each facial unit.
Bell's palsy as an early manifestation of acute lymphoblastic leukemia; A 20-year-old man with the complaints of malaise, fever, and tooth gum bleeding presented at a hospital. He was found to have generalized lymphadenopathy, thrombocytopenia, and leukocytosis. Ensuing bone marrow biopsy led to a diagnosis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). He also had a sense of "facial stretching" and difficulty during eating. After clinical examination, he was diagnosed with right-sided peripheral type facial nerve paralysis (Bell's palsy). The magnetic resonance imaging studies demonstrated bilateral facial nerve involvement, predominantly on the right side. The patient received steroid treatment and local facial radiotherapy for Bell's palsy. A concurrent facial exercise program was ordered. Seemingly a less significant diagnosis in a leukemia patient, we considered our case notable since an ALL patient presenting with Bell's palsy, especially at the very beginning of the disease, is not that common. The cases of relapsing ALL reported in the literature initially presenting with the same scenario further strengthen the significance.
Latent abscess formation adjacent to a non-functioning intraventricular catheter; Case report: A 16-year-old male patient who had been treated at the age of 13 months with a ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunt due to obstructive hydrocephalus was presented to our department for a routine follow-up examination. The patient had tolerated well a shunt disconnection in 1990 and the distal part had been removed. Six years later radiological evaluation revealed an intracerebral mass adjacent to the remaining intraventricular catheter. The mass, histologically classified as an abscess, had to be removed 3 years later due to disease progression, although the patient remained asymptomatic. Discussion: This case is of particular interest because it demonstrates the extremely delayed onset and progressive course of a well-known complication of VP shunt systems in an asymptomatic patient. In addition, the reported case raises the question of whether a non-functioning shunt needs to be removed or not.
Facial Paralysis and Bell's Palsy in Children: Current Diagnostic Concepts and Management Controversies; How is facial paralysis in children different from adults? Facial paralysis is uncommon in children. Before making the diagnosis of Bell's palsy (acute idiopathic facial weakness), a prompt search for other causes must be made, especially when the child is <2 years of age, with facial weakness that progresses 3 weeks after onset or fails to improve within a few weeks, and is recurrent or bilateral. There is evidence that implicates herpes simplex virus and, to a lesser extent, varicella zoster virus reactivation in the pathogenesis of Bell's palsy in children. This may explain its excellent prognosis in that age group. Management includes supportive treatment, such as artificial tears and eye patching. The current medical literature does not provide evidence for significant benefit from the use of steroids in pediatric Bell's palsy. A trial involving a larger number of children is needed to document if steroids provide moderate benefit in Bell's palsy. There is not enough information to recommend the routine use of acyclovir in pediatric Bell's palsy, however, there is some evidence of benefit for using acyclovir in facial paralysis caused by varicella zoster virus reactivation.
Mobius syndrome: a dental hygiene case study and review of the literature.; Mobius syndrome, a rare, non-progressive, congenital neuromuscular disorder, presents with multiple dental and medical complications. Signs and symptoms of this condition include: congenital, bilateral or unilateral palsies of the facial and abducens cranial nerves (cardinal sign), and a broad scope of multisystem abnormalities, which may or may not include the following: opthalmoplegia externa, lingual palsy, clubfoot, branchial malformation, ptosis, mental retardation, and pectoralis muscle defect. From a dental standpoint, a number of anomalies may manifest, including: multiple congenitally missing teeth (both deciduous and permanent), micrognathia, paralysis and hypoplasia of the tongue, absence of facial expression and weakness of the palate. This article reviews the case study of a 40-year-old male client with Mobius syndrome, dental hygiene diagnosis (DHDx) and intervention, and the dental hygienists' responsibility and role in care.
Herpes zoster; The authors investigated 130 patients with herpes zoster. They confirmed its more frequent incidence in patients above the age of 60 years. The most frequent site (34.6%) was the innervation area of thoracic nerves and the area of the trigeminal nerve (27.7%). They recorded 24.6% complications associated directly with herpes zoster. Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome was recorded in three subjects. They did not observe neuralgias in child patients and in patients with malignant tumours. During hospitalization they administered to 128 (98.5%) patients acyclovir by the i.v. route, to 27.3% longer than 5 days, with a favourable therapeutic effect, without undesirable side-effects.
Fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy for acoustic neuromas: Preservation of function versus size; For larger acoustic neuromas the preservation of cranial nerve function following radiosurgery remains a challenge. Fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy (FSR) for acoustic neuromas offers both higher total tumour dose (Gy) and potential sparing of the facial motor, sensory and auditory cranial nerves. Eighty consecutive patients (45 M, 35 F) (age 56.8 ± 1.7 years) received FSR for AN and have a median follow up of 1.1 years. A prospective schedule permitted increased fractionation vs. size. For FSR 70 patients having AN < 3.0 cm in diameter had 5 daily fractions of 5 Gy (25 Gy total) and 10 patients having AN ≥3 cm had 10 daily fractions of 3 Gy (30 Gy total). All treatments were prescribed to the 80% isodose and given via the dedicated 10 MeV accelerator. For both the larger and smaller AN, the percentage decrease in volume was similar. No tumour increased in size, no patient developed facial weakness and hearing was preserved. Using size-dependent fractionation, FSR may result in both tumour control and preservation of normal cranial nerve functions for both large and small AN. © 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.
Microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm. Ten years of experience; INTRODUCTION: Hemifacial spasm characterized by involuntary paroxistic contractions of the face is more frequent on left side and in females. Evolution is progressive and in a few cases may disappear. Management includes medical treatment, botulinum toxin, and microvascular decompression of the nerve. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We present the results of 116 microvascular decompressions performed in 88 patients over 10 years. RESULTS: All patients had previous medical treatment. All patients were operated on with microsurgical technique by asterional craniotomy. Vascular compression was present in all cases with one exception. Follow-up was from 1 month to 133 months. Were achieved excellent results in 70.45% of cases after first operation, good results in 9.09%, and poor results in 20.45% of patients. Long-term results were excellent in 81.82%, good in 6.82%, and poor in 11.36% of patients. Hypoacusia and transitory facial palsy were the main complications. DISCUSSION: Hemifacial spasm is a painless but disabling entity. Medical treatment is effective in a limited fashion. Injection of botulinum toxin has good response but benefit is transitory. Microvascular decompression is treatment of choice because it is minimally invasive, not destructive, requires minimum technical support, and yields best long-term results.
Dynamic restoration in Möbius and Möbius-like patients; Möbius syndrome is classically characterized by bilateral facial nerve and abducens nerve paralysis in combination with limb defects. In the past 110 years, physicians diagnosed children as having the syndrome on the basis of heterogeneity of symptoms and used the term "Möbius syndrome" or "Möbius-like syndrome" for patients with multiple cranial nerve involvement. The cause and the exact pathogenesis of the syndrome still elude understanding. Genetic work-ups, radiological findings, and data from autopsies differ in their approaches and their findings of the basic causes of Möbius syndrome. In the international literature, about 301 case reports are found scattered through the past century. The appearance of the facial deformity is easy to recognize, because the Möbius patient is impaired in his or her ability to communicate nonverbally. Despite ophthalmologic problems, it is the search for a smile that brings these patients to the reconstructive surgeon. Over the past 100 years, surgical efforts attempted to improve the mask-like appearance by static and dynamic procedures, usually local muscle transpositions. Today, combinations of microsurgical procedures and aesthetic techniques are being used to restore some movement to the expressionless face of these patients by nerve and muscle transplantation. This article discusses the heterogeneity of Möbius syndrome, advocates a new classification system, presents the clinical findings of 42 patients who were seen and examined in consultation, and discusses the surgical management of 20 patients who underwent dynamic restorative microsurgery. Exemplary cases illustrating the preoperative work-up regimen and possible outcomes are reported.
Follow-up of condylar fractures of the mandible in 8 patients at 18 months after transoral endoscopic-assisted open treatment; Purpose: The results of endoscopic-assisted transoral approach for open reduction and miniplate fixation of condylar mandible fractures were evaluated 18 months after surgery. Patients and Methods: The transoral endoscopic-assisted treatment of condylar fractures was performed in 8 consecutive patients from April 1998 to December 1999 at the University Hospital Freiburg. Four of 8 condylar fractures were dislocated, and 6 of the 8 patients had additional mandibular fractures. Results: Anatomic reduction was achieved in all patients without facial nerve damage. There were no signs of bony resorption and good temporomandibular joint function 18 months after surgery. In 4 patients, the transoral management of condylar fractures was facilitated by angulated drills and screw drivers. Transbuccal stab incisions were not needed in these 4 patients. In all 8 patients, visible scars were avoided. Conclusions: The endoscopic-assisted transoral approach proved to be a reliable surgical method for condylar fractures when dislocation with lateral override was present. © 2003 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Low-dose thalidomide therapy for refractory cutaneous lesions of lupus erythematosus; Background: Thalidomide is an anti-inflammatory agent and an immunomodulator that inhibits the production of tumor necrosis factor α. It has shown promise as a treatment option for the cutaneous manifestations of lupus erythematosus (LE). Objective: To assess the degree of clinical response per subtype of cutaneous lupus, the duration of therapy before documented clinical improvement, and the incidence of adverse effects, including peripheral neuropathy, with low-dose thalidomide therapy at 100 mg daily in the treatment of refractory cutaneous lesions of LE. Methods: This retrospective medical record review of patients with refractory cutaneous manifestations of LE is one of the largest modern series in the literature. There were 29 patients seen at the Department of Dermatology, Wake Forest University School of Medicine (Winston-Salem, NC), who were unresponsive to conventional agents including antimalarial agents, and who started treatment between 1998 and 2000. Twenty-three patients who took the drug for 1 month or more were included in the analysis. Clinical responses were assessed by the investigators based on statements of improvement listed in the clinic notes and were categorized as "no response," "partial response," and "complete response." Partial response was classified as either 75% or greater or less than 75% improvement. The incidence of adverse effects including peripheral neuropathy was determined. Results: Of the 23 patients, 17 (74%) demonstrated complete resolution of the cutaneous manifestations of LE, whereas 3 patients (13%) demonstrated 75% or greater partial improvement; 3 patients (13%) had less than 75% partial clinical improvement; and 21 patients (91%) who demonstrated a complete or partial response did so within 8 weeks of initiating thalidomide therapy. Conclusions: Based on the results of this case series, we believe that thalidomide should be given prime consideration as a treatment for antimalarial drug-resistant interface lesions of LE. The design of prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials for this indication is warranted.
Emotional facial paresis in temporal lobe epilepsy: Its prevalence and laterizing value; The selection of patients with medically refractory temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) for surgery depends on the concordance of data from clinical, imaging and electroencephalographic evaluation. Though clinical examination is often normal, emotional facial paresis has been described in patients with TLE. Utilizing a well-characterized group of mesial TLE (MTLE) patients, who have achieved excellent seizure outcome following anterior temporal lobectomy with amygdalohippocampectomy (ATL), we investigated the prevalence, predictive value and associations of emotional facial paresis. When compared to 8 out of 50 control subjects (16%), 36 out of 50 MTLE patients (72%) exhibited unilateral emotional facial paresis; the difference was highly significant (P < 0.0001). The presence of contralateral emotional facial paresis correctly predicted the side of ATL in 86.1% patients. The occurrence of emotional facial paresis was significantly associated with longer duration of epilepsy prior to ATL and left ATL. Our observations confirm that emotional facial parersis contralateral to the side of mesial temporal sclerosis (MTS) is a valuable localizing sign in correctly predicting the epileptogenic temporal lobe. We hypothesize that the presence of an intact right hemisphere and pathological changes more extensive than MTS may be required for emotional facial paresis to readily manifest. © 2002 BEA Trading Ltd. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
A comparison of acellular dermis versus hard palate mucosa in lower eyelid surgery; Purpose: To compare graft contraction rates of acellular dermis versus hard palate mucosa when used as free spacer grafts in lower eyelid surgery and to provide clinical outcome data. Methods: A prospective, nonrandomized clinical trial involving the placement of 19 spacer grafts in the lower eyelids of 14 patients was performed. Indications for spacer graft placement included lower eyelid retraction and mildly contracted socket. Patients with lower eyelid retraction also underwent an endoscopic subperiosteal midface lift. For all procedures, the height of each graft was measured during and after surgery. The amount of contraction was measured for each graft, and a mean was calculated for each spacer material. The clinical success was evaluated for all procedures, based on improvement of the functional concern being addressed. Results: The mean graft contraction rate was 57% for the acellular dermis and 16% for the hard palate mucosal grafts (P<0.005). Of the 7 procedures using acellular dermis for lower eyelid retraction, 6 were considered a success, and 1 was considered a partial success. Of the 6 procedures using hard palate for lower eyelid retraction, 5 were considered a success, and 1 was considered a failure unrelated to the graft. Of the 5 procedures with acellular dermis used for mildly contracted socket, 2 were considered a success, 2 were considered a partial success, and 1 was considered a failure because of graft contraction. The one case using hard palate for mildly contracted socket was considered a success. Conclusions: Acellular dermis contracts significantly more than hard palate mucosa when used as a lower eyelid spacer graft. Acellular dermis and hard palate mucosa were both associated with a high rate of clinical success in all categories except for patients with a mildly contracted socket who received acellular dermis; more than 60% of these patients (n=5) had only partial success or failure caused by graft contraction.
Steinert myotonic dystrophy and blepharoptosis surgery: 9 Case reports; Steinert myopathic dystrophy is a generalized, hereditary disease with bone, muscular, heart and ocular involvement. Patients and methods: This is a retrospective study of nine patients with significant blepharoptosis due to Steinert disease, who were treated at the Adolphe de Rothschild Ophthalmology Foundation over a period of 5 years. Ptosis was symmetric and major in all cases with poor levator excursion. Severity criteria were an absence of the Bell phenomenon and diminished orbicularis tone. A frontalis suspension was performed in eight cases with intentional undercorrection. The outcome was favorable in all cases, 2 with a slight overcorrection underwent a second operation. Discussion-conclusion: Surgical treatment of ptosis in Steinert disease is difficult because of a risk of lagophthalmic, keratopathy due to the severity of the disease, an absence of the Bell phenomenon and ophthalmoplegia. This surgery must be undertaken with caution, most often using a frontalis suspension. Undercorrection must be systematic, with the single goal of freeing the pupil in the primary position.
Acute otitis media and facial nerve paralysis in adults; Objective: The pathophysiology and treatment of facial nerve paralysis associated with acute otitis media are still under debate. The objective of this study was to review treatment strategies and extent of recovery in adult patients with the aim of defining a standard treatment protocol for this rare pathologic condition. Study Design: Retrospective chart review. Setting: University hospital, tertiary referral center. Patients: Between 1993 and 2000, 11 patients were admitted for facial nerve paralysis secondary to acute otitis media. There were six women and five men without a history of chronic middle ear disease, who ranged in age from 21 to 71 years. Facial palsy was graded with the House-Brackmann scale: four patients had Grade III palsy, six had Grade IV palsy, and one patient had Grade V palsy. Bacteriologic examination of middle ear fluid was performed in four patients: Streptococcus pneumoniae was observed in one patient, and the remaining three cultures were negative. Interventions: All patients were treated with parenteral ampicillin-sulbactam or a third-generation cephalosporin in conjunction with oral or intravenous corticosteroids, except in a single patient with diabetes mellitus who received antibiotics alone. Myringotomy alone or with ventilation tube application was performed in eight patients. A simple mastoidectomy without facial nerve decompression was used in a patient with sudden impairment to Grade VI paralysis and worsening otitis after an initial improvement. Results: Normal facial function returned in all patients, independently of the grade of the paralysis, the treatment strategy, or the outcome of the middle ear disease. The time of recovery varied from 2 weeks to 3 months, except for one patient who underwent mastoidectomy and in whom normal function returned in 10 months. Conclusions: The treatment of facial nerve paralysis secondary to otitis media should be as conservative as possible, using antibiotics and corticosteroids. Myringotomy and a ventilation tube should be added when spontaneous perforation of the tympanic membrane is not present. Mastoidectomy should be performed only when it is necessary to treat otitis media. Facial nerve decompression should not be necessary.
Dural cerebellopontine angle metastasis from malignant parotid oncocytoma; Malignant oncocytoma of the parotid gland is a quite rare tumor, with only 40 cases with unequivocal histological diagnosis reported in the literature. No cases with intracranial metastasis have been described. The authors report a very unusual case of malignant parotid gland oncocytoma with a large dural extracerebellar metastasis occurring in the contiguous cerebellopontine angle six months after surgery for the primary tumor. Only a partial removal of the dural metastasis was possible because of the cranial nerve and vessel encasement within the mass. Surgery and irradiation resulted in one-year survival. Interestingly, no destruction and infiltration of the petrous and temporal bones were found both at radiological and surgical exploration. We may suggest that metastatic spread from the parotid region to the cerebellopontine angle occurred through the mastoid cells or by haematogenous diffusion through the meningeal branches to the posterior fossa dura from the occipital or ascending pharyngeal arteries.
Management strategies in neurofibromatosis type 2; The objective of this study was to review the experience of the Neurotology and Skull Base Surgery Unit of Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, England, in the management of patients with neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF2). This was a retrospective review of the institution's series conducted at a neurotological tertiary referral centre. Over a 17-year period (1984-2001), 35 patients with NF2 were managed. These patients presented with multiple cranio-spinal neoplasms, including 62 cerebellopontine angle tumours of which 59 were vestibular schwannomas (nine patients with unilateral tumours and 25 patients with bilateral tumours). Clinical presentation, diagnosis and patient management were reviewed. The outcome parameters measured were tumour progression, the incidence of complications (hearing deterioration and facial nerve palsy) and the need for secondary intervention. Five vestibular schwannomas were treated with stereo-tactic radiosurgery (gamma-knife), all of which showed evidence of progression in size and/or deterioration in hearing. Thirty-one VS were conservatively treated with annual surveillance. In nine cases, the tumours had a follow-up shorter than 6 months and were therefore excluded from the results. In 13 cases the VS did not progress in size, and the hearing remained stable, while in the remaining nine cases, tumour progression was evident. In fifteen cases, surgery was performed at the authors' institution. In 11 cases a translabyrinthine approach was adopted, and in the remaining four cases a retrosigmoid approach was preferred. In all these cases, tumour removal was total and facial nerve function was House-Brackmann grade I-III in 55%. Successful hearing preservation was elusive in those patients in whom a hearing preservation approach was attempted. NF2 remains an extremely challenging disorder for the neurotologist and the patient alike. Early diagnosis offers distinct advantages to the patients, their families and the community at large. Of the treatment modalities, surgery unequivocally offers the most superior tumour control. Hearing preservation remains a challenge in these patients, but is optimised by the early detection of tumours in the NF2 patient.
Acyclovir in the treatment of Bell's palsy; Objective: To examine the role of acyclovir in the treatment of Bell's palsy. Data Sources: A search was performed using MEDLINE (1966-September 2002) and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews with the search terms acyclovir, antiviral, idiopathic facial paralysis, Bell's palsy, herpes simplex virus, and corticosteroids. Data Synthesis: Treatment of Bell's palsy is controversial. Recent research has indicated that herpes simplex virus type 1 may be the likely causative agent. Clinical trials and review articles focusing on the use of acyclovir in the treatment of Bell's palsy were reviewed and evaluated. Conclusions: More solid evidence is necessary to validate whether herpes simplex virus type 1 causes Bell's palsy. Limited published clinical studies exist that have used acyclovir for the treatment of Bell's palsy. The results of available trials are contradictory. The American Academy of Neurology's practice parameter states that acyclovir, in combination with steroids, is safe and possibly effective for Bell's palsy treatment. Further information is needed from larger prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled trials to clarify the ultimate therapeutic role of acyclovir for Bell's palsy.
Lengthening temporalis myoplasty and transfacial nerve graft (VII-V). Technical note; Authors report the first five cases of lengthening temporalis myoplasty associated with transfacial nerve grafting. After a follow-up period of 10 months and 8 months for the 2 first cases, temporalis reinnervation by the facial nerve could be observed. Nerve growth was documented by electromyography. Three other cases have been performed using this technique and are in the nerve growth phase. Operative technique is described in detail. Transfacial nerve grafting seems to help the transposed temporalis muscle obtain more facial function and therefore, improve the quality of the spontaneous smile. The temporalis muscle become double innervated (trigeminal and facial nerve). It should be indicated in children, young adults or in patients in whom physical therapy will be difficult. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Transarterial embolization of vascular tumors in the head and neck; Preoperative embolization of hypervascular tumors is a standard practice among most developed nations. In this article, the background, technique, benefits, and risks of embolization of the major vascular rumors of the head and neck, primarily paragangliomas, angiofibromas, and meningiomas are reviewed. The evidence for and against embolization is critically examined, and there is an attempt to formulate recommendations based on that evidence.
Dorsal thalamic haemorrhage complicating polyarteritis nodosa: A clinico-pathologic case report; Intracerebral haemorrhage is a rare complication of polyarteritis nodosa (PAN). We present the clinicopathologic findings of a 62 year-old patient with systemic involvement by PAN, who developed temporary decrease of consciousness and a mild left hemisyndrome due to a small right dorsal thalamic haemorrhage. No clear cause for the haemorrhage was found on postmortem examination.
Cutaneous anthrax associated with facial palsy: Case report and literature review; BACKGROUND: Anthrax is primarily an animal disease. Bacillus anthracis, the causal agent in anthrax, is a Gram-positive rod. Humans can acquire anthrax by industrial exposure to infected animals or animal products. METHODS: Reported here is the case of a 48-year-old male farm worker from Iran with a history of direct contact with herds. He presented after 6 days of fever with toxicity and a crusted ulcer on the face that was later confirmed bacteriologically to be cutaneous anthrax. He was treated with large doses of intravenous penicillin and corticosteroids along with multiple subcutaneous epinephrine injections that were used to control the infection and massive facial edema. RESULTS: After 14 days, he partially recovered; however, ipsilateral facial nerve palsy developed and persisted despite therapeutic efforts. CONCLUSION: It is not possible to conclude whether early diagnosis and treatment of anthrax results in a lower risk of complications. Facial palsy can be added to the list of variable complications of the cutaneous effects of anthrax.
Surgery of the auricle; Auricular reconstruction is a unique area of facial plastic surgery where a wide array of reconstructive options often must be considered. The external ear is unique in its aesthetic role where the normal auricle often goes unnoticed; yet even a small irregularity can stand out and become conspicuous. The reconstruction of large or total auricular defects is a combination of science and art. Two forms of auricular reconstruction are discussed: (1) those for a congenitally abnormal shape but no acquired tissue deficiency, that is, otoplasty, and (2) repairs requiring a reconstruction of discrete loss of tissue. A general algorithm is presented that can assist with flap selection and covers the techniques for grafts, framework repair, local and pedicled flaps, temporoparietal facial flaps, and auricular prostheses.
Role of secretory antibodies in the defence against infections; Adaptive immunity mediated by secretory antibodies is important in the defence against mucosal infections. Specific secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA) can inhibit initial pathogen colonization by performing immune exclusion both on the mucosal surface and within virus-infected secretory epithelial cells without causing tissue damage. Resistance against toxin-producing bacteria such as Vibrio cholerae appears to be particularly dependent on SIgA antibodies. Like natural infections, live topical vaccines or adequate combinations of inactivated vaccines and mucosal adjuvants give rise not only to SIgA antibodies, but also to longstanding serum IgG and IgA responses. The intranasal route of vaccine application could be particularly attractive to achieve this result, but only if successful stimulation is obtained without the use of toxic adjuvants. The degree of protection after vaccination may range from complete inhibition of reinfection to reduction of symptoms. In this scenario it is generally difficult to determine unequivocally the relative importance of SIgA versus serum antibodies. However, infection models in knockout mice strongly support the notion that SIgA exerts a decisive role in protection and cross-protection against a variety of infectious agents.
Otological manifestation in head injury and their management - A case report; 32 year old male presented with right facial palsy following head injury. Clinical evaluation showed hemotympanum on right with moderately severe conductive hearing loss, grade III LMN facial palsy and BPPV. HRCT of temporal bone demonstrated fracture base of skull involving the roof of mastoid with no evidence of bony injury to fallopian canal. Conservative management of head trauma resulted in satisfactory outcome except fof conductive hearing loss and facial palsy. Facial palsy was managed conservatively [physiotherapy and oral steroids] with full recovery of function after 4 weeks. Conductive hearing loss was managed by combined approach tympanoplasty. Preoperatively incudostapedial joint dislocation and fracture anterior crus of stapes were noted. Type II tympanoplasty with horizontal incus repositioning was carried out. PTA after 6 weeks showed 15-20 dB air-bone gap compared to 50-55dB air-bone gap preoperatively. BPPV recovered spontaneously. This case is reported to highlight: a) Importance of imaging of temporal bone. b) Spontaneous recovery of facial nerve function in neuropraxic injury. c) Timely and appropriate surgical intervention of ossicular damage following head injury resulting in satisfactory outcome.
Diagnosis of Bell palsy with gadolinium magnetic resonance imaging.; Bell palsy is a condition resulting from a peripheral edematous compression on the nervous fibers of the facial nerve. This pathological condition often has clinical characteristics of no importance and spontaneously disappears in a short time in a high percentage of cases. Facial palsy concerning cranial nerve VII can also be caused by other conditions such as mastoid fracture, acoustic neurinoma, tumor spread to the temporal lobe (e.g., cholesteatoma), neoformation of the parotid gland, Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, and Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. Therefore, it is important to adopt an accurate diagnostic technique allowing the rapid detection of Bell palsy and the exclusion of causes of facial paralysis requiring surgical treatment. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with medium contrast of the skull shows a marked increase in revealing lesions, even of small dimensions, inside the temporal bone and at the cerebellopontine angle. The authors present a clinical case to show the important role played by gadolinium MRI in reaching a diagnosis of Bell palsy in the differential diagnosis of the various conditions that determine paralysis of the facial nerve and in selecting the most suitable treatment or surgery to be adopted.
Neuroborreliosis: Clinical spectrum, diagnosis and treatment; Borreliosis is a tick-borne disease which is endemic in many states of Europe and the USA. It manifests itself with a broad clinical spectrum, mainly involving skin, nervous system, heart and joints. The neurological manifestations were first recognised in the early twenties of the last century in a patient with meningoradiculitis after erythema migrans following a tick bite. This was later called Garin-Bujadoux-Bannwarth's syndrome. The clinical spectrum of well-documented neuroborreliosis includes lymphocytic meningitis, cranial neuropathy, motoric or sensoric meningoradiculitis and mononeuritis multiplex as manifestations of early dissemination. In addition, peripheral neuropathy and chronic encephalomyelitis are observed in late disseminated disease. Meningitis is characterised by subtle clinical symptoms. Stiff neck and cephalea are the leading symptoms which can, however, even be lacking in PCR-proven Borrelia meningitis. Unfortunately, PCR has a low sensitivity (<50%) in patients with lymphocytic meningitis presenting with a classical case history and positive Borrelia antibodies. The most frequent cranial neuropathy is facial palsy. In endemic regions it is caused by Borrelia burgdorferi as frequently as by the Varicella-Zoster virus. The diagnosis of Borrelia meningitis or cranial neuropathy requires a typical history (tick bite and/or erythema migrans) together with a positive serology confirmed by Western blotting. Meningoradiculitis is a classical manifestation of early dissemination of Borrelia burgdorferi in the central nervous system. Key symptoms are dysaesthesia, distressing migrating pain and occasionally peripheral nerve paresis. Chronic encephalomyelitis is characterised by spastic paraparesis, bladder dysfunction, ataxia, cephalea, fatigue, malaise, sleep disturbance and cognitive impairment. Due to the high Borrelia burgdorferi seroprevalence in Switzerland (14.7%), positive serum antibodies indicate only previous infection, but not disease. Only the evidence of intrathecal specific antibody response proves meningitis, radiculitis and chronic encephalomyelitis. PCR-testing does not resolve the diagnostic dilemma because the sensitivity is as low as 40% in early meningitis and 20% in chronic encephalomyelitis. Polyneuropathy is a late manifestation which usually occurs together with acrodermatitis atrophicans. Treatment of borreliosis is well established. Cranial neuropathy is treated with doxycycline or amoxicillin during 14-21 days. A diagnostic lumbar puncture is not required because there are no data about the need of different treatments according to the absence or presence of pleocytosis. Patients with symptomatic meningitis, meningoradiculitis or polyneuropathy require an iv-treatment with ceftriaxone or cefotaxime (14-28 days). In patients with chronic meningoencephalitis, still symptomatic after previous treatment, there is no benefit of prolonged antibiotic treatment. In a placebocontrolled study with a sequential iv/oral treatment with ceftriaxone and doxycycline during 90 days, no benefit at all was observed in the antibiotic treated patients.
The neurological manifestations of HIV infection; At the end of 2002, an estimated 42 million people worldwide were living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). In Switzerland, the number of newly diagnosed HIV infections had been declining between 1992 and 1999. However, since the year 2000, this trend has not continued and more than 50% of these new infections are now due to heterosexual contact. This increased risk-taking behaviour comes in large part from the fact that highly active anti-retroviral therapy (HAART) is perceived by many in the general population as a cure for HIV, which, unfortunately, is not true. Nevertheless, HAART has brought a major improvement in the prognosis of HIV+ people who can afford these costly drugs. As a result of this longer survival, the number of people living with HIV has increased. In this context, the neurological manifestations of HIV infection continue to represent a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. Indeed, most antiretroviral medications have a poor ability to cross the blood-brain barrier and some subtypes of HIV seem to have a higher affinity for the central nervous system (CNS). Thus, the CNS may serve as a sanctuary for the virus. In addition, novel neurological syndromes have recently been recognised: such as a severe demyelinating leukoencephalopathy in AIDS patients receiving antiretroviral therapy as well as paradoxical reaction against known opportunistic infections in the context of the immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome. Finally, antiretroviral therapies themselves can cause neurological dysfunction. Knowledge of the patients' level of immunosuppression, as reflected by their CD4+ T lymphocytes count is of paramount importance. At the time of seroconversion, a patient can present with aseptic meningitis, mononeuritis such as peripheral facial nerve palsy, or inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculopathy, similar to Guillain-Barré syndrome. It is important for the clinician to recognise these conditions since they can be the lead to the diagnosis of HIV infection. Mononeuritis multiplex, myopathy or distal sensory polyneuropathy can occur in patients with CD4+ T cells <500/μl. Myopathy can be caused by HIV itself or by zidovudine. When the CD4+ T cells count goes below 200/μl, opportunistic infections and tumours of the brain have to be expected. In this category of patients, neurological complications directly attributable to HIV include HIV-associated dementia and its lesser form, HIV-associated minor cognitive/motor disorder, and vacuolar myelopathy. The diagnosis of an intracranial mass lesion in an HIV+ patient with a CD4+ T cells count less than 200/μl can be particularly challenging. Indeed, several types of opportunistic infections or tumours can present as a space-occupying lesion. In addition, two or more pathogenic processes can coexist in the brain of an HIV+ individual, and these can also be superimposed to HIV encephalopathy (HIVE). We here review the diagnostic criteria and therapeutic modalities concerning the major neurological opportunistic infections, which include toxoplasma encephalitis and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML), as well as primary CNS lymphoma. We propose an algorithm for the clinical management of such patients and discuss new trends in HIV-associated neurological disorders.
A case with hepatitis A-associated Guillain-Barré syndrome and elevated serum anti-sulfatide antibody; A 59-year-old man developed progressive sensory dullness and muscle weakness in the extremities, facial palsy on the left side, and hoarseness 4 days after the onset of acute hepatitis A. Vibration and joint sensation in the extremities were severely affected. Anti-sulfatide IgM antibody level was initially elevated in serum, but diminished along with amelioration of the symptoms following intravenous immunoglobulin therapy. Anti-sulfatide antibody may be involved in the pathogenesis of the present patient with hepatitis A-associated Guillain-Barré syndrome. This is probably the first case of hepatitis A associated Guillain-Barré syndrome with which elevated serum anti-sulfatide antibody was found.
Therapy and prophylaxis of facial neuralgias and other forms of facial pain syndromes - Revised recommendations of the German Society of Migraine and Headache; Trigeminal neuralgia and postherpetic neuralgia are the most relevant neuralgiform facial pain syndromes. Trigeminal neuralgia is characterized by lancinating intensive pain attacks of very short duration, triggered by external cues, whereas postherpetic neuralgia consists predominantly of long-lasting burning pain. Sodium channel blocking drugs are first choice in treatment of trigeminal neuralgia, operative procedures encompass microvascular decompression, thermocoagulation and percutaneous retrogasserian glycerol rhizotomy. In the acute stage postherpetic neuralgia is treated antivirally and analgetically, in the chronic stage by tricyclic antidepressive substances. Other pain syndromes described encompass the Tolosa-Hunt-syndrome, cervicogenic headache, craniomandibular dysfunction syndrome, atypical facial pain and rarer syndromes. Therapeutic recommendations are based on evidence based medicine criteria (EBM).
Endoscopic approach for lengthening the temporalis muscle; This report described a new surgical procedure of temporalis myoplasty for the treatment of facial paralysis, based on Labbé's technique. The new method consists of muscle rotation and lengthening, partial release of the muscle at the temporal line of fusion, and endoscopic transfer of the muscle tendon attached to the coronoid process to the corner of the mouth. With this approach, osteotomy of the zygomatic arch is unnecessary. Ten cadaver dissections were performed to develop surgical skills and measure progression of the technique. Results in two patients were reported. The technique requires familiarity with the endoscope, and it permits excellent visualization of the neurovascular structures. This approach seems to be less painful and less likely to result in neurovascular injury, and it can be performed through smaller incisions.
Maxillary nerve block for zygoma and orbital floor fractures reduction; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: There are few reports of zygomatic orbital floor or zygomatic arch fractures reduction under regional anesthesia. This study aimed at evaluating extraoral maxillary nerve block for zygoma and orbital floor fractures reduction. METHODS: Participated in this study 15 patients submitted to maxillary block according to Moore's technique (lateral approach of the pterygoid plate) for reduction of isolated zygomatic arch fractures (8 patients) or orbit floor fractures associated to zygomatic arch fractures (7 patients). Patients were not premedicated. After sedation and local infiltration with 2 ml of 1.5% lidocaine and epinephrine 1:300,000 the maxillary nerve was blocked with 8 ml of the same anesthetic solution through a 10 cm 22G, short beveled needle. The following parameters were evaluated: blockade duration, onset, analgesia duration, failures, need for general anesthesia and complications. RESULTS: The first three blocks resulted in difficult punctures with two partial blocks and one failure. Remainder blocks were effective and patients have not referred any discomfort or pain during both blockade and surgery. Blockade time varied from 5 to 20 minutes while onset varied from 3 to 10 minutes. There were 7 vascular punctures (7 patients) however without hematomas. CONCLUSIONS: Zygomatic fractures reduction is feasible under maxillary nerve block when performed in pterygopalatine fossa inducing anesthesia in its two distal branches: zygomaticotemporal and zygomaticofacial nerves.
Safety, tolerability, and tumor response of IL4-Pseudomonas exotoxin (NBI-3001) in patients with recurrent malignant glioma; Purpose: This was an open-label, dose-escalation trial of intratumoral administration of IL-4 Pseudomonas exotoxin (NB1-3001) in patients with recurrent malignant glioma. Patients and methods: A total of 31 patients with histologically verified supratentorial grades 3 and 4 astrocytoma were studied. Of these, 25 patients were diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) while six were diagnosed with anaplastic astrocytoma. Patients were over 18 years of age and had Karnofsky performance scores ≥60. Patients were assigned to one of four dose groups in a dose-escalation fashion: 6 μg/ml × 40 ml, 9 μg/ml × 40 ml, 15 μg/ml × 40ml, or 9μg/ml × 100 ml of NBI-3001 administered via convection-enhanced delivery intratumorally using stereotactically placed catheters. Patients were followed with serial MRI scans and clinical assessments every four weeks for the first 16 weeks and then every eight weeks until week 26. Results: No drug-related systemic toxicity, as evident by lack of hematological or serum chemical changes, was apparent in any patients; treatment-related adverse effects were limited to the central nervous system. No deaths were attributable to treatment. Drug-related grade 3 or 4 toxicity was seen in 39% of patients in all dose groups and 22% of patients at the maximum tolerated dose of 6 μg/ml × 40 ml. The overall median survival was 8.2 months with a median survival of 5.8 months for the GBM patients. Six-month survival was 52% and 48%, respectively. Gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showed areas of decreased signal intensity within the tumor consistent with tumor necrosis following treatment in many patients. Conclusions: NBI-3001 appears to have an acceptable safety and toxicity profile when administered intratumorally in patients with recurrent malignant glioma.
Facial paralysis due to recurrent cholesteatoma seventeen years after first surgery; We present a case of facial nerve palsy induced by recurrent cholesteatoma in a quiescent ear, 17 years after initial mastoidectomy. The pathogenesis, clinical and radiological findings and the management strategies are discussed with an emphasis on regular long-term follow up.
Skull base fractures with TMJ involvement: literary review and case report; The authors report their experience in the treatment of middle skull base fractures with TMJ involvement of ten patients affected by fractures of the glenoid cavity and of the petrous part of the temporal bone, with TMJ disfunction and facial nerve palsy. The treatment has been based on functional rest, a liquid diet for 5 days and than a functional physiotherapy aimed at rehabilitation of the TMJ. The efficacy of treatment has been showed after 2 months by restoring the dental occlusion and the TMJ's function in nine out of ten cases. Three out of four patients (75%) at the same control showed a full resolution of the facial nerve palsy. At an eighth month's follow-up all the cases had a complete resolution of the symptoms. Finally no significant studies have been reported in literature to set standardized protocols for the treatment of glenoid cavity fractures. According to the experience of authors the fractures of the medium cranial base involving the glenoid cavity should be treated as the current trends of intracapsular TMJ fractures. The orthopedic-functional treatment turns out particularly efficacious when there isn't a reduction of mandibular vertical heights.
Human immunodeficiency virus and invasive external otitis - A case report; Acute invasive external otitis is an uncommon life-threatening infection of the exteernal auditory canal (EAC), most often affecting the elderly diabetic patients. Although few reports have been made in HIV-positive/Aids patients among the caucasians. We present here a 25 year old nursing mother with a month history of fever, persistent otalgia with acutely inflammed EAC, gross facial cellulitis, mastoid abscess and facial paresis, following a minor left ear trauma with a matchstick. this unusual course of ear infection in an otherwise healthy young adult prompts a search for an immunodepressing factor which was confirmed to be Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV). This article highlights the clinical peculiarities and the management of invasive exteernal otitis in an HIV-positive patient.
Operative vaginal delivery rate and neonatal associated complications in 2002 in the "Aurore" hospital network; Objectives. - The purpose of this study was to evaluate the incidence of forceps and vacuum application and the incidence of its related neonatal complications. This study was performed in a network of 37 maternity hospitals. Patients and method. - A postal questionnaire was sent to 156 obstetricians between February and March 2003. Results. - Response rate was 78%. In 2002 the operative vaginal delivery rate was 11.2% of all live births. Forceps are the primary instruments (6.3%) whereas vacuum delivery rate was 4.9%. One obstetrician never uses forceps while 38 (31%) never use vacuum. Only 29 (24%) report using both instruments frequently. During 2002 no neonatal death related to an operative vaginal delivery was reported while 145 neonatal complications were (3.2%). Major complications were one depressed skull fracture (1/4589) and 14 extensive caput succedaneum (14/4589). Minor complications were cutaneous lesions (124/4589) and facial palsy (6/4589). Vacuum delivery was associated with a significantly higher extensive caput succedaneum rate (P = 0.018) while the only depressed skull fracture observed was related to forceps use. Forceps delivery was associated with a significantly higher cutaneous lesions rate (P < 0.001). Discussion and conclusions. - This study showed that, in 2002, operative vaginal deliveries still represent a significant amount of vaginal deliveries, a majority of obstetricians do not use both instrument and neonatal associated complications are frequent (3.2%) but rarely severe. Therefore, we believe that every method that allows a safe teaching of operative delivery should be promoted. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Facial paralysis and meningitis caused by Rickettsia typhi infection; Involvement of cranial nerves was rarely reported in various rickettsioses. We present here for the first time a case of peripheral facial paralysis associated with Rickettsia typhi infection.
Delayed Facial Palsy after Vestibular Schwannoma Resection: Clinical Data and Prognosis; Purpose: The object of the present study was to review a series of surgically removed vestibular schwannoma tumours to establish the incidence of delayed facial palsy and to evaluate the course of recovery according to the possible etiology (surgical postoperative edema or viral reactivation) with reference to the time of onset. Materials and Methods: The study group was composed of 98 patients with vestibular schwannoma. Sex, age, location, and extent of tumour and postoperative complications were all taken into consideration in the final evaluation. The course of each patient's postoperative facial function was graded according to House and Brackmann's six-grade scale. The incidence and the time of onset of the delayed facial palsy were also evaluated. Results: The deterioration in the facial function was found to be delayed in 25 of the 98 patients (26%); of these, it occurred in the first 5 days after surgery in 11 cases, between 6 and 13 days in 10 cases, and after 15 days in 14 patients. The incidence rate of the delayed facial dysfunction was not influenced by age, sex, or the size of the tumour. The prognosis of the facial dysfunction was favourable in the majority of cases, and, in fact, there were only five grade III to IV cases 1 year later. Facial dysfunction was over grade III in the majority of the latter five cases, and the period of recovery was long. Conclusions: Eighty percent of our patients with delayed facial palsy following vestibular schwannoma resection were classified as having excellent or good function. In the remaining patients who had a less favourable recovery, the palsy was more severe, and the onset occurred after some time. This seems to agree with those who are of the opinion that the complication is due to viral reactivation. In these patients, it is advisable to start aggressive medical therapy with antiviral agents such as acyclovir as soon as possible.
Clinical study on the peripheral facial palsy; We have intended to assess in this study the clinical, paraclinical and of treatment findings in 100 patients, admitted to the Hospital of Neurology and Psychiatry of Oradea, with the diagnosis of peripheral facial palsy. As a conclusion of this study, this disease is very important in the neurological practice, as there also are the clinical and paraclinical investigation methods, the symptoms of the disease and its treatment and the pointing out of the facial palsy and the pain as well.
Cholesteatoma causing facial paralysis; Facial paralysis caused by cholesteatoma is uncommon. The portions most frequently involved are horizontal (tympanic) and second genu segments. When cholesteatomas extend over the anterior epitympanic space, the facial nerve is placed in jeopardy in the region of the geniculate ganglion. The aetiology can be related to compression of the nerve followed by impairment of its blood supply or production of neurotoxic substances secreted from either the cholesteatoma matrix or bacteria enclosed in the tumor. Aim: To evaluate the incidence, clinical features and treatment of the facial palsy due cholesteatoma. Study design: Clinical retrospective. Material and Method: Retrospective study of 10 cases of facial paralysis due cholesteatoma selected through a survey of 206 decompressions of the facial nerve due various aetiologies realized in the last 10 years in UNIFESP-EPM. Results: The incidence of facial paralysis due cholesteatoma in this study was 4,85%, with female predominance (60%). The average age of the patients was 39 years. The duration and severity of the facial palsy associated with the extension of lesion were important for the functional recovery of the facial nerve. Conclusion: Early surgical approach is necessary in these cases to improve the nerve function more adequately. When disruption or intense fibrous replacement occurs in the facial nerve, nerve grafting (greater auricular/sural nerves) and/or hypoglossal facial anastomosis may be suggested.
Parotid pleomorphic adenoma: Clinical, diagnostic and therapeutical aspects; The neoplasias of the parotid gland are a heterogeneous group with more than 30 histological kinds already defined, and the pleomorphic adenoma is the most common benign tumor. Aim: In this study we present our case of parotid gland pleomorphic adenoma, with the purpose of discussing the clinical presentation, the diagnosis and the more suitable surgical techniques to treat this disorder. Material and Method: A retrospective clinical study was carried out on a group of 68 patients with histological diagnosis of parotid gland pleomorphic adenoma who underwent surgery at the Department of Otolaryngology of the HSPE-FMO, from January 1982 to June 2002. The data regarding their age, sex, more frequent symptoms, supplementary tests performed, location, size, surgical technique used, treatment complications and evolution were gathered. Results: In our case we observed a higher incidence in female patients, being more frequent in their fifth decade of life. The most common clinical presentation was of a nodule at the parotid region, this sign being present in 100% of the cases. Superficial parotidectomy by identifying and preserving the facial nerve was the more common surgery (91.2% of the cases). The more frequent post-surgical complications were paresis (14.7%) and paralysis (7.3%) of the facial nerve, followed by the Frey's syndrome (4.4%). Conclusion: The pleomorphic adenoma is the most common benign neoplasia of the parotid gland, being more frequent in female patients from their fifth decade of life. It is a clinically diagnosable neoplasia, to be confirmed with a histopathological examination. The superficial parotidectomy is the basic procedure to diagnose and treat it, being low the recurrence index with this surgery.
Bell's palsy: The spontaneous course of 2,500 peripheral facial nerve palsies of different etiologies; Objective - The Copenhagen Facial Nerve Study aims to explain the spontaneous course of idiopathic peripheral facial nerve palsy which occurs without any kind of treatment. In this study Bell's palsy and idiopathic palsy are considered to be synonymous and specify an acute, monosymptomatic, unilateral peripheral facial paresis of unknown etiology. Material and methods - The material includes 2,570 cases of peripheral facial nerve palsy studied during a period of 25 years. It includes 1,701 cases of Bell's palsy and 869 of non-Bell's palsy. In the total patient sample, 116 had herpes zoster, 76 were diabetic, 46 were pregnant and 169 were neonates. A total of 38 different etiologies were observed. At the first consultation a standard ENT examination was performed, including a thorough description of the grade and localization of the paresis, taste, stapedius reflex and nasolacrimal reflex tests and acoustic-vestibular examination. Follow-up was done once a week during the first month and subsequently once a month until normal function was restored or for up to 1 year. Results - The initial examination revealed 30% incomplete and 70% complete palsies. Follow-up showed that in 85% of patients function was returned within 3 weeks and in the remaining 15% after 3-5 months. In 71% of patients normal mimical function was obtained. Sequelae were slight in 12% of patients, mild in 13% and severe in 4%. Contracture and associated movements were found in 17% and 16% of patients, respectively. Conclusion - A survey of the literature showed that no kind of treatment, including prednisone, was able to give a better prognosis. The use of prednisone raises a big ethical problem because no evidence of its efficacy exists and the euphoric side-effect induces a false feeling of benefit in the patients.
Electrical diagnosis for facial palsy; Electrical examinations for the diagnosis of facial palsies are reviewed. Because the recovery of nerve function is prescribed by the degree of wallerian degeneration and the degenerated nerve fibers are not responsive to stimulation, the examinations using electrical stimulation are important for the accurate prognostic diagnosis of facial palsy. Because of its simplicity and convenience, the nerve excitability test (NET) is the most popular in clinical use. But its reliability is insufficient. Electroneurography (ENoG) is more reliable either than NET or the maximal stimulation test. However, when a facial nerve is stimulated peripheral to the injury site, the prognosis cannot be estimated correctly until the degenerations are completed in the stimulus site. Thus, NET and ENoG are not significant within 7-10 days after the onset for prognostic diagnosis. Using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), the facial nerve can be stimulated around the fundus of the internal auditory meatus, which is central to the injury site in most facial palsies. Patients having a good prognosis can be identified using TMS in the early stage of palsy. Though the examination technique developed by Saito et al. (1992) is a bit complicated, antidromic facial nerve-evoked potential provides accurate information about nerve degeneration in the early stage of palsy. For bilateral facial palsy, the measurement of facial nerve conduction velocity is useful for the prognostic diagnosis (Tojima, 1988). The measurement of the distribution of facial nerve conduction velocity using Hopf's collision method (Saito, 1991) contributed to the analysis of the pathophysiology of Bell's palsy, which is thought to be a compression neuropathy. Blink reflex is useful in the prognostic diagnosis and also in the estimation of synkinesis as a sequela of palsy. F-waves caused by neuronal recurrent discharge due to antidromic impulse have recently been used in the estimation of recovery of damaged nerves.
Herpes zoster involving lower cranial nerves; a report of 2 cases; We report two cases of cranial nerve palsy due to varicella-zoster virus infection. One patient, a 53-year-old woman, was admitted to our hospital complaining of a sore throat, right otalgia and painful vesicle on the right auricle. Herpetic vesicles were present on the right soft palate and arytenoid. She also reported loss of hearing in the right ear but there was no facial palsy. The serum antibody titer for herpes zoster was significantly elevated, and the cerebrospinal fluid showed pleocytosis. She was diagnosed as having herpes zoster involving the vestibulocochlear nerve and glossopharyngeal nerve. She was treated with intravenous acyclovir and satellite ganglion block. She did not have any residual signs. The other patient, a 44-year-old woman, complained of a sore throat, hoarseness and difficulty in swallowing. She had no skin rash, but there was a single vesicle on the left arytenoid. Physical examination revealed poor elevation of soft palate on the left side, but gag reflex was preserved. The serum antibody titer for herpes zoster was significantly elevated. She was diagnosed as having herpes zoster involving vagus nerve. She was treated with intravenous acyclovir for 7 days. She did not have any residual sign. In cases of unilateral cranial nerve palsy with pain, herpes zoster should be considered, and serum antibody titer for herpes zoster should be evaluated.
Salivary duct carcinoma; two case reports; We present two cases of salivary duct carcinoma in this paper. Both cases were middle-aged men. They were treated with total parotidectomy and postoperative radiotherapy. Both cases have been followed up for 18 and 15 months respectively with no evidence of local recurrence or distant metastasis. Sixty-six cases of salivary duct carcinoma, including ours, have been reported in the Japanese literature. We reviewed the clinical characteristics of this unusual tumor. Most cases were male (90%) and occured in the parotid gland (84%). The average age was 61 years, ranging from 36 to 91. In 44% of patients, parotid tumors are accompanied by facial nerve paralysis. Total parotidectomy or extended parotidectomy followed by radiotherapy was the most common treatment for patients with salivary duct carcinoma in the parotid gland. The prognosis was poor and the 5-year survival rate was 28%.
Changes in the F wave during recovery from peripheral facial paralysis; Objective: We studied normal F wave parameters and F wave changes in patients with longstanding facial paralysis. Subjects: Controls were 11 healthy volunteers studied to estimate normal F wave parameters. Subjects were 8 patients with Hunt's syndrome and 12 with Bell's palsy available for F wave detection among outpatients at our department between April 1999 and March 2000. They had ENoG of 0% within 2 weeks of paralytic onset. The test was repeated 68 times. Diagnostic intervention: Results of 68 tests were classified into 5 groups based on the course after paralysis developed and their F wave parameters were compared with controls. F wave parameters were minimal latency, maximum latency, mean latency, and frequency of F wave development. Stimulation was repeated 20 times in a test. Results: No significant difference was noted in minimal latency in each group compared to controls. Maximum and mean latency were prolonged significantly in each group compared to controls. The frequency of F wave development was significantly reduced in groups in which examinations were done in less than 6 months and for 6 months to 1 year. Conclusions: Nerve fibers with fast conduction were considered to have recovered with on 6 months. This suggested that nerve conduction velocity in facial paralysis patients does not recover the same as normal conduction velocity. The maximum and mean latency in each of the postpalsy groups was significantly longer than that in the normal control group. We therefore concluded that regenerated nerve fibers include some with a conduction velocity significantly slower than normal. The frequency in groups A and B was significantly lower than that in controls, but after 1 year or more had elapsed after the onset of palsy, the frequency was approximately the same as that in controls.
Facial Paralysis caused by Malignant Skull Base Neoplasms; This article has been published previously in Neurosurgical Focus: Marzo SJ, Leonetti JP, Petruzzelli G. Facial paralysis caused by malignant skull base neoplasms. Neurosurgical Focus 2002, Article 2;12(5) (http://www.neurosurgery.org/focus/may02/12-5-nsf-toc. html). Object: Bell palsy remains the most common cause of facial paralysis. Unfortunately, this term is often erroneously applied to all cases of facial paralysis. Methods: The authors performed a retrospective review of data obtained in 11 patients who were treated at a university-based referral practice between July 1988 and September 2001 and who presented with acute facial nerve paralysis mimicking Bell palsy. All patients were subsequently found to harbor an occult skull base neoplasm. A delay in diagnosis was demonstrated in all cases. Seven patients died of their disease, and four patients are currently free of disease. Conclusions: Although Bell palsy remains the most common cause of peripheral facial nerve paralysis, patients in whom neoplasms invade the facial nerve may present with acute paralysis mimicking Bell palsy that fails to resolve. Delays in diagnosis and treatment in such cases may result in increased rates of mortality and morbidity.
A fourteen-year-old boy with facial paresis caused by lyme disease; A fourteen-year-old boy developed a facial paresis and a lymphocytic meningitis caused by Lyme disease. We report upon the diagnostic and therapeutic approach of Lyme disease with attention for neuroborreliosis. In Belgium, half of the untreated patients with Lyme disease develop neurological signs. Lyme disease is primarily a clinical diagnosis. Laboratory tests are useful to confirm the clinical picture. Because of insufficient specificity serologic tests show false-positive results in patients with chronic inflammatory and malignant disease, endocarditis, Epstein-Barr virus infections, multiple sclerosis and in 5% of the normal population. Therefore all positive and uncertain results should be confirmed with a Western Blot technique. Upon suspicion of neuroborreliosis an examination of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is mandatory. In Lyme disease the CSF shows a pleocytosis with predominantly lymphocytes and monocytes and an increased protein level. B. burgdorferi can also be detected in the CSF with a Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR). A facial paralysis without associated meningitis can be treated with oral antibiotics (amoxicillin or doxycycline). In case of meningitis an intravenous treatment with third generation cephalosporins is indicated (ceftriaxone or cefotaxime).
Successful treatment of neuroborreliosis with ten day regimens; Background. There have been few large reports of the treatment and outcome of neuroborreliosis in children. Methods. All 203 children with symptoms, cerebrospinal fluid and serologic findings compatible with neuroborreliosis and treated at one of the four pediatric hospitals in Stockholm from 1994 through 1996 were included. Children were treated with intravenous beta-lactam antibiotics or oral doxycycline for 10 days and followed until the resolution of symptoms. Results. At the end of treatment 58% and after 2 months 92% of the children had no symptoms. Cerebrospinal fluid findings had no statistically significant influence on the outcome. Facial paralysis persisted longer than other symptoms. Conclusions. The prognosis of neuroborreliosis in children 2 months after treatment seems to be excellent with 10-day treatment regimens.
A modified temporalis transfer in facial reanimation; A modified surgical procedure for temporalis transfer in facial reanimation of five consecutive cases is presented. Instead of the traditional stripping of the temporalis from its origin, its attachment at the coronoid removed, and to its end, the harvested fascia lata graft was sutured to lengthen the muscle's action. These fibres were then passed to the Orbicularis Oculi and Oris to aid in reanimation and to improve their tone. The procedure is less extensive, provides a direct line of pull with good functional results, no muscle atropy since vascularity and innervation is maintained. No complaints of paresthesia, hyposthesia or scar on donor leg was noticed. None of the patients required a revision of surgery for unacceptable contour or asymmetry. This simple procedure has helped reconstruction of natural symmetrical smile with highly successful results.
A rare case of a facial-nerve neurofibroma in the parotid gland; The incidence of solitary neurofibroma of the facial nerve originating in the parotid region is extremely low. We report a case of a solitary neurofibroma in a 30-year-old male, who initially presented with a parotid mass without facial paresis or paralysis. A chain of small nodules had been palpable in the right parotid region for the previous 2-3 years. MRI and CT scans revealed several small ovoid lesions extending from the frontal margin of the parotid gland to the retromandibular region. The lesions were surgically removed. The main trunk of the facial nerve was adherent to the dorsal side of the largest nodule; however, this mass was resected atraumatically. Histopathological examination indicated neurofibroma. The incidence, presentation, diagnosis and surgical treatment of intraparotid neurofibroma are discussed and compared with those of Schwannoma. © 2002 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Salvage of facial reanimation with vascularized adductor magnus muscle flap: Clinical experience and anatomical studies; In case of a facial reanimation surgery in which the gracilis vascular pedicle was not present, the more posterior adductor magnus muscle was successfully used. Because of its similar neurovascular anatomy, its ability to be used as a segmental piece of muscle, and the absence of any functional deficit, the adductor magnus muscle and its other medial femoral muscle members may be considered for transplantation when the gracilis muscle is unavailable or unstable.
Myasthenia mimicking vertebrobasilar stroke; The advent of thrombolysis has offered a remarkable opportunity for treatment of acute ischemic stroke. Other therapies involving neuro-protection may be forthcoming. These treatments, however, are not without risk, making accurate diagnosis of stroke all the more important. Several conditions may mimic stroke in the emergency department, with myasthenia being an uncommon stroke mimic. We present two cases of myasthenia presenting as posterior circulation stroke. In one case, the tempo suggested basilar thrombosis. Treatment decisions regarding thrombolysis for stroke must be made rapidly. Stroke mimics continue to present a diagnostic challenge, myasthenia included. Accurate diagnosis is essential to avoid unnecessary hazard, as well as to implement effective treatment for the appropriate diagnosis.
Mobius syndrome: a case report.; Mobius Syndrome is characterized by showing unilateral facial nerve palsy of the sixth and seventh nerves, lack of facial expression, inability to smile and to tightly close the right eyelids. In this report, a 7-year-old-boy with Mobius syndrome is presented. He had asymmetry of facial expression, anomalies of fingers and severe tooth decay. After dental treatment, the periodic re-care visits should be done according to the eruption pattern.
Facial nerve palsy after intracisternal papaverine application during aneurysm surgery: Case report; A 61-year-old woman suffered transient mydriasis and prolonged facial nerve palsy after intracisternal papaverine application subsequent to elective clipping of an unruptured middle cerebral artery aneurysm. The mydriasis resolved within 90 minutes, but the facial nerve dysfunction persisted for 2 months before complete recovery. Prolonged irrigation of the cisterns may have washed the papaverine into contact with the facial nerve. This case supports previously reported evidence of a possible effect of topical intracisternal papaverine hydrochloride application on the facial nerve.
Postherpetic neuralgia as the most severe complication of herpes zoster; Postherpetic neuralgia is an independent morbidity unit representing the complication of acute infection herpes zoster. Postherpetic neuralgia is based on abnormal sensitive-motoric junctions of peripheral and central nervous system. It is of chronic character that does not often respond even to combined analgesic treatment. In her paper the author analyzes the problems of infection reactivation of infection, clinical course of the disease and modes of prevention and treatment of postherpetic neuralgia represented mainly by causal antiviral therapy.
Neuromuscular sarcoidosis; Neuromuscular sarcoidosis is recognized with increasing frequency. Although reported to occur in only 5% of patients with sarcoidosis, major centers are reporting up to 20% neuromuscular involvement. While the majority of patients with neurologic involvement present with 7th nerve palsy, the reported frequency of sarcoidosis of the brain, meninges, spinal cord, and muscles is rising. The diagnosis of neuromuscular sarcoidosis is usually accepted when a patient with previous biopsy-proven sarcoidosis presents with a compatible neurologic syndrome. In addition to cranial nerve abnormalities, these syndromes include leptomeningitis, seizures, mass lesions of brain and spinal cord, pituitary dysfunction, and neuropathies. Occasionally, the typical intrathoracic, ocular, cutaneous and lymph node presentations of sarcoidosis are not present or are unrecognized and the diagnosis is established by biopsy of neuromuscular tissue. Biopsy exhibiting granulomas is not specific and requires absence of evidence of known granulomagenic agents plus presence of multiorgan disease. An isolated granuloma in neural tissue without other organ involvement is not diagnostic of sarcoidosis. Treatment of neuromuscular sarcoidosis is usually prolonged. Facial palsy often improves spontaneously. Prednisone is still the drug of choice. Most authorities agree that 30 to 40 mg qd is sufficient with concomitant azathioprine or cyclophosphamide.
A review of the outcome of upper lid lowering for eyelid retraction and complications of spacers at a single unit over five years; AIM: To review the outcome of upper lid lowering for eyelid retraction at a single unit over five years and to report the high complication rate with mersilene mesh as a spacer material. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the case records of 48 patients who underwent upper lid lowering for lid retraction between January 1995 and January 2000. RESULTS: The indication for surgery was eyelid retraction secondary to dysthyroid disease in 41 patients, seventh nerve palsy in 3 cases, overcorrection of ptosis elsewhere in 3 cases and previously treated orbital lymphoma in one patient. A good result was achieved in 80% with a single procedure. Undercorrection occurred in 10% and overcorrection occurred in 8%. Spacer material, either mersilene mesh or more recently vicryl, was used in 42% of lids. Late extrusion of mersilene mesh occurred in 20% of lids that had a spacer inserted an average of 18 months postoperatively. CONCLUSIONS: The high extrusion rate with mersilene was unacceptable and the alternative spacer material vicryl is now used. The possibility of revisional surgery because of under- or overcorrection should be explained to patients.
Bell's palsy: What is the prognostic value of measurements of signal intensity increases with contrast enhancement on MRI?; Our objective was to assess the prognostic value of measurements of the degree of contrast enhancement of the intratemporal segments of the facial nerve. We prospectively obtained MRI, slice thickness < 1 mm of 20 patients with a facial palsy on the first day of inpatient treatment, and measured contrast enhancement of the nerve. The data were compared with compound muscle action potential (CMAP) measurements and the clinical course. Analysis of the initial enabled differentiation of three patients whose palsy was to show no improvement from 17 whose palsy was to resolve as expected. No patient with a poor outcome showed lesser increase in signal in the internal auditory canal, pars tympanica and pars mastoidea than patients who fully recovered. In no patient who had been diagnosed on the basis of the initial MRI as having a "normal" palsy was the amplitude of the (CMAP) reduced to less than 20% that of the normal side. Measurement of contrast enhancement was thus shown to be a prognostic indicator and may provide a basis for a differential treatment of facial palsy.
Cyclosporine-associated facial paralysis in a child with renal transplant; Cyclosporine (CsA)-associated neurotoxicity has been reported in recipients of solid organ and bone marrow transplants. These neurological side effects are usually mild and resolve with temporary reduction or withdrawal of CsA. We report a 16-year-old renal transplant recipient who developed tremor, tinnitus, and peripheral facial paralysis during oral CsA treatment. Her serum magnesium level was below the normal range and her peripheral facial paralysis did not improve with the cessation of the drug.
Facial paresis after fludarabine treatment for advanced chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; This case report discusses a case with advanced-stage chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) that presented with facial paresis after fludarabine treatment. A 68-year old patient with CLL (Rai classification, stage IV) was admitted to Gülhane Military Medical Academy for treatment. Fludarabine, 30 mg/m2 daily for 5 days, was given. Right facial paresis was observed at day 8 after administration of fludarabine. The general and psychiatric condition of the patient in myelosuppression did not permit aetiological investigation for paresis. Thereafter, the patient died due to septic shock. Possible aetiological reasons why the patient being treated for advanced-stage CLL had facial paresis after the administration of fludarabine ended are discussed.
Fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy for acoustic neuromas; Fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy (FSR) for acoustic neuromas offers both higher tumor dose and potential sparing of the facial and auditory cranial nerve functions. Eighty consecutive patients (45 males and 35 females; age 56.8 ± 1.7 years) received FSR for acoustic neuromas and had a median follow-up of 2.9 years (range 2.3-6.5 years). For FSR, 70 patients had 5 daily fractions of 5 Gy (25 Gy total) and 10 patients had 10 daily fractions of 3 Gy (30 Gy total). Volume decreased by an average of 18%. No tumor increased in size, no patient developed facial weakness, and hearing was preserved. Copyright© 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Neurologic and cardiac progression of glycogenosis type VII over an eight-year period; Little is known about the progression of phosphofructokinase deficiency (glycogenosis type VII, Tarui's disease). We describe a 66-year-old woman who had this disease diagnosed in 1997. Initial manifestations had included simple partial seizures since 1977, anginal chest pain since 1982, and muscle cramps since 1983. To prevent recurrent myocardial infarction, anticoagulation therapy with phenprocumon was initiated. Cardiac involvement progressed over an 8-year period, manifesting as low-voltage electrocardiogram (ECG), ectopic supraventricular tachycardia, thickened mitral valve, mitral valve insufficiency, enlarged left atrium, left ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction. Progression of neurologic involvement manifested as complex partial seizures, double vision, reduced tendon reflexes, central facial palsy, bradydiadochokinesia, and distal weakness of the upper extremities. Discontinuance of oral anticoagulation after 19 years, initiation of enalapril therapy, and administration of carbamazepine markedly improved the patient's condition.
Clinical significance of slime production by Staphylococcus epidermidis in bacterial keratitis; This study determined the pathogenic potential of Staphylococcus epidermidis. Ninety-one isolates from patients with infectious keratitis and 38 from controls were studied for slime production. Thirty-six ulcer isolates (39.5%) and 6 controls (15.7%) were slime positive. Significantly more slime-positive strains were isolated from patients with moderate to severe degrees of ulcerative keratitis than from controls. Keratitis induced in rabbits also showed that slime-positive organisms produced the severe form of ulcerative lesions.
Focal cerebral vasculitis and stroke after chickenpox; Cerebral infarcts are rather rare in children and can be caused by a number of diverse conditions. We report a case of cerebral infarct associated with a recent varicella infection. A 5-year old girl presented with an acute central facial palsy 1 month after a chickenpox infection. The infarction was revealed by magnetic resonance imaging and laboratory studies ruled out all known causes of stroke. Cerebral angiogram demonstrated segmental narrowing and irregularity of the wall of the right internal carotid artery, compatible with focal vasculitis. With the presumed diagnosis of varicella-associated focal angiitis, the patient was treated with high-dose methylprednisolone, acyclovir and aspirin. Magnetic resonance angiogram performed 6 weeks after the stroke demonstrated the resolution of the vasculitis. Varicella infection should be considered one of the possible causes of acute ischaemic strokes in children.
Endolymphatic sac tumor: A rare cerebellopontine angle tumor; Endolymphatic sac tumors (ELST) are rare papillary tumors of the temporal bone. Previously named as aggressive papillary middle ear tumors, they have recently been shown to arise from the endolymphatic sac. They are a rare in cerebello-pontine angle (CPA). We present a case of an ELST who presented as a CPA tumor with hydrocephalus. He underwent a ventriculo-peritoneal shunt initially. On exploration of the CP angle, the tumor was found to be extremely vascular. He was re-explored following embolization, and a subtotal excision of the tumor was done. Extensive petrous bone infiltration and vascularity of the tumor makes total excision almost impossible with high risk of cranial nerve deficits, excessive blood loss and CSF leak. This tumor should be considered in the differential diagnosis of vascular CPA tumors which erode the petrous temporal bone. The relevant literature is reviewed.
Acanthameba meningoencephalitis: A case report; A 45 year old lady presented with history of recent surgery for uterovaginal prolapse and retained vaginal tampons following which she developed chronic meningitis due to acanthameba infection. Patient responded to a regimen containing albendazole. She was left with hydrocephalus as a sequelae.
Skull base chondroblastoma: A case report; Chondroblastoma is a rare tumor of the skull. Temporal bone is the commonest site of involvement in the skull. We present a thirty one year old man who presented with painless swelling over the left temporal bone, which was near totally excised after preoperative embolization. Management of this unusual tumor and its complications are discussed.
Management of medical emergencies in pregnancy; Medical emergencies in pregnant women pose many challenges if both the baby and mother are to have an optimal outcome. Multidisciplinary team working is essential to ensure that the correct treatment is offered, and that potentially life-saving options are not discarded because of unwarranted concerns about safety in pregnancy. Expertise should be sought from doctors with a special interest in obstetric medicine. Clinical problems include those unique to pregnancy such as eclampsia or acute fatty liver of pregnancy, exacerbations of chronic medical diseases some of which can be predicted such as pulmonary hypertension, or conditions which have an increased frequency in pregnancy including thromboembolism, urinary tract infection and Bell's palsy. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation in pregnancy should be managed in the left lateral position, with early recourse to delivery of the fetus.
Facial paralysis caused by malignant skull base neoplasms.; OBJECT: Bell palsy remains the most common cause of facial paralysis. Unfortunately, this term is often erroneously applied to all cases of facial paralysis. METHODS: The authors performed a retrospective review of data obtained in 11 patients who were treated at a university-based referral practice between July 1988 and September 2001 and who presented with acute facial nerve paralysis mimicking Bell palsy. All patients were subsequently found to harbor an occult skull base neoplasm. A delay in diagnosis was demonstrated in all cases. Seven patients died of their disease, and four patients are currently free of disease. CONCLUSIONS: Although Bell palsy remains the most common cause of peripheral facial nerve paralysis, patients in whom neoplasms invade the facial nerve may present with acute paralysis mimicking Bell palsy that fails to resolve. Delays in diagnosis and treatment in such cases may result in increased rates of mortality and morbidity.
Middle ear metastasis. One case report; Metastatic carcinoma involving the middle ear space is a rare entity that is little described in the literature. The number of cases seems to be increasing. It is usually recognized that palliative treatment as the most reasonable treatment for this tumors. CASE REPORT: A 59-year-old female patient presented with a history of a metastatic carcinoma involving the middle ear space and mastoid. This metastase occurred one year late in the course of a bladder cancer. Presentation of the lesion included otorrhea and facial palsy complicated by headache and bilateral visual loss in relation with lateral sinus thrombophlebitis and intracranial hypertension. Diffuses metastases in the skeletal system were demonstrated by pretreatment investigations. Treatment was only palliative chemotherapy. Outcome was fatal two months after onset of symptoms. DISCUSSION: This case illustrates the clinical and pathological features of this tumor and the pitfalls of diagnosis and treatment. We will discuss the current accepted management and the difference after diagnosis modalities for this type of metastatic tumor.
Therapeutic potential of insulin-like growth factor-1 in patients with diabetes mellitus; Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and its receptors share considerable homology with insulin and insulin receptors, and their respective signaling pathways interact at the post receptor level. While the growth hormone (GH)-IGF-1 axis principally regulates tissue growth and differentiation, insulin exerts it primary effects on fuel metabolism. However, these two endocrine systems interact at multiple levels and in diabetes mellitus the GH-IGF-1 axis is grossly disturbed, with increased secretion of GH, reduced plasma levels of IGF-1, and complex tissue-specific changes in IGF binding proteins (IGFBPs). These observations have given rise to the view that GH-IGF-1 axis dysfunction, particularly low plasma levels of circulating IGF-1, probably play a significant role in several aspects of the pathophysiology of diabetes mellitus, including insulin resistance and poor glycemic control, and may also influence the development of microvascular complications. The availability of recombinant human IGF-1 (rhIGF-1; mecasermin), used either alone or in combination with insulin, has led to experimental studies and clinical trials in humans testing these hypotheses. These studies have examined the impact of subcutaneous rhIGF-1 injections on sensitivity and metabolic parameters. In patients with type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin sensitivity is significantly improved, insulin requirements are reduced, and glycemic control of dyslipidemia is generally improved in short-term studies, rhIGF-1 is a particularly attractive possibility in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, where insulin resistance is the fundamental problem. Some patients with genetic syndromes of severe insulin resistance also benefit from treatment with rhIGF-1, which can bypass blocks in the insulin signaling pathway. The common adverse effects reported for rhIGF-1 are dose-related and include edema, jaw pain, arthralgia, myalgia, hypotension, injection site pain, and less commonly, Bell's palsy and raised intracranial pressure. Although disturbance of the GH-IGF-1 axis participates in the development of diabetic complications, the functional consequences of the complex changes in IGFBP expression at the tissue level are uncertain, and it is not known whether systemic IGF-1 therapy or other manipulations of the GH-IGF-1 axis would be helpful or harmful. Experimentally, IGF-1 has a protective effect on neuropathy, and could find an application in the healing of neuropathic ulcers. The potential benefits of IGF-1 therapy in diabetes mellitus have yet to be realised.
Experience with the open forehead lift in patients with facial paralysis; The authors retrospectively report results of a series of 28 patients (mean age 52 years) with sequels of facial paralysis which were treated with a standardised open forehead and brow lift. Follow-up was at three, six and 12 months after surgery. Only patients with a minimum of House-Brackmann grade III were accepted for surgery. The forehead lift was done under general anaesthesia. The mean hospital stay was two days. Patients had a working disability after surgery ranging from two to four weeks. All 28 patients who preoperatively had reported a reduced visual field and sensation of pressure at the eyelid-brow area of the affected side experienced postoperative improvement. All patients described an improved symmetry of the forehead. The scar at the scalp area was not negatively commented about although small areas of alopecia were observed in three patients. The postoperative sensation of scalp tension disappeared six months after surgery in all cases. Recurrence of some eyebrow drop at rest within one year after surgery was noted in two of the 28 patients. These two patients were dissatisfied with the result. A relationship between the degree of preoperative asymmetry and the recurrence of eyebrow drop was not found. Twenty-six patients were satisfied with the aesthetic outcome and would recommend this procedure to others. The open forehead lift is a safe procedure with high patient acceptance and can be recommended to improve forehead symmetry in facial paralysis.
Does Bell's palsy influence Eustachian tube function?; Objectives: Previous studies suggested an alteration of Eustachian tube function due to an impairment of parasympathetic mucosal innervation. Methods: For this reason, the 'tubal opening pressure', 'tissue resistance pressure' and the 'positive' and 'negative residual pressure' were measured in 20 patients with peripheral idiopathic facial nerve palsy in a pressure chamber using the dual-impedance method described by Münker. Results: The data of the unaffected side did not vary significantly from those of the paralyzed side. Conclusion: It is supposed that alterations of the secretion layer in the distal part of the Eustachian tube have no notable influence on the Eustachian tube opening and closing. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Prednisone eliminates the electrophysiological decrement of myotonia congenita; The physiological effect of corticosteroids on myotonia is not reported. We studied a 44-year-old woman with myotonia congenita whose myotonic symptoms improved on prednisone for an unrelated facial palsy. Ten-hertz repetitive stimulation showed a 46% decrement between the 7th and 20th responses at baseline. Prednisone reduced the decrement in a dose-related fashion, to 14% on 20 mg per day and to 5% on 40 mg per day. The short exercise test also improved considerably. Corticosteroids could be further investigated for symptomatic myotonia. Copyright © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Willkins, Inc.
Bell's Palsy and Herpesviruses; A growing body of evidence links reactivation of herpesviruses (primarily varicella zoster virus and herpes simplex virus type 1) with the development of a large proportion of cases of acute peripheral facial palsy, a syndrome commonly known by its eponym, Bell's palsy. This article reviews the definition and natural history of the disease, its underlying anatomy and pathophysiology, the data linking herpetic reactivation with development of signs and symptoms, and therapeutic trials utilizing antiviral therapy. In addition, it poses the question, would earlier intervention with antivirals make a larger impact on outcomes?
Bilateral traumatic facial nerve palsy and ossicular chain dislocations; case report; Cases of bilateral traumatic facial nerve palsy are seen in 2.5%-4.3% of all cases. We report a rare case of bilateral traumatic palsy accompanied with bilateral ossicular chain dislocations. Additionally, we review the literature for past cases and consider the cause of this unusual case. A 41-year-old male received injuries from having his head squeezed between concrete walls on a building construction site. Bilateral hearing loss and bilateral facial nerve palsy appeared soon after the accident. After treatment for his more lethal disorders, the patient was referred to our hospital a month after the accident. His expressions were very poor and he had bilateral hearing disturbances. He was diagnosed with bilateral traumatic facial nerve palsy and ossicular chain dislocations according to the findings of middle-ear CT. We decided to perform tympanoplasty and facial nerve decompression. Six months after surgery, his facial score had improved to grade II (pre-op grade V). His conductive hearing loss was also cured, the air-bone gap having disappeared.
Cheilitis granulomatosa; report of two cases; We report two cases of cheilitis granulomatosa. A 38-year-old female and a 45-year-old male presented with swelling of the lower lip. Neither case included the three symptoms of Melkerson-Rosenthal syndrome, which is characterized by swelling of lip, facial paralysis and plicated tongue. Both patients were treated successfully with oxatomide. Sarcoidosis, Crohn's disease, angioedema had to be considered in the differential diagnosis.
Facial palsies and neuroborreliosis in childhood; Background. Acute periphere facial palsies in childhood were seen long before the discovery of Borrelia burgdorferi as agent of lyme borreliosis. In our follow-up-study we compared the duration of facial palsies with and without antibiotic treatment. Our patients were 53 children from 1975 to 1984 and 62 children from 1985 to 1994, 40 percent of these had a pleocytosis in the cerebrospinal fluid. Results. The duration of facial palsies were in these children with pleocytosis in the cerebrospinal fluid under a intravenously antibiotic treatment 14 days shorter than in the other group without antibiotic treatment. In addition the very long duration of facial palsies over 100 days existed 2,5 times less under antibiotic treatment. Discussion. We demand for a shorter duration of neuroborreliosis in childhood the early beginning of intravenously antibiotic treatment. © Springer-Verlag 2002.
Medical and surgical considerations for implantable hearing prosthetic devices; Today, technology allows us the opportunity to make a substantial difference in the quality of life for individuals who have been unsuccessful with traditional amplification. This article examines the medical and surgical aspects of four types of implantable hearing devices: bone-anchored hearing aid (BAHA), middle ear implants, cochlear implants, and auditory brainstem implants. © American Speech-Language-Hearing Association.
Vaccines, viruses, and voodoo; Vaccinations are invaluable in protection from a wide variety of diseases that can cause substantial morbidity and mortality. Although a rare complication of vaccination, autoimmune disorders represent one of these morbidities. Recently, widespread public concern has arisen from case reports suggesting that - similar to what has been observed after natural viral infections - there might be an association between specific immunizations and autoimmune diseases. Herein we address the biological plausibility of such a connection, focusing particularly on the examples of hepatitis B, rubella, and measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccinations, and the autoimmune diseases they are potentially associated with. Our review of the available data suggests that, for the general population, the risk:benefit ratio is overwhelmingly in favor of vaccinations. However, the possibility cannot be ruled out that, in genetically susceptible individuals, vaccination can result in the unmasking of an autoimmune disease triggered by the immunization. We also critically examine the existing data suggesting a link between immunization against MMR and autism, and briefly discuss the controversial evidence pointing to a possible relationship between mercury exposure from vaccines and autistic disorders. There is a continued urgent need for rigorously designed and executed studies addressing these potential associations, although the use of vaccinations remains a critical public health tool for protection against infectious disease.
Preventing congenital anomalies in developing countries; The birth prevalence of congenital anomalies in developing countries is similar to that observed in developed countries. However, the health impact of birth defects is higher because of a lack of adequate services for the care of affected infants and a higher rate of exposures to infections and malnutrition. A number of successful measures for the prevention of congenital anomalies are being taken in a number of developing nations. Primary prevention programs are based on public education about preconceptional and prenatal risks. Prevention based on reproduction options includes teratogen information services and prenatal screening for fetal anomalies. In addition, programs for the detection of congenital malformations at birth, followed by early treatment, are contributing to secondary prevention. Prevention of congenital anomalies in the developing world requires: (a) good epidemiological data on the prevalence and types of birth defects and genetic disorders; (b) educating health professionals in the goals and methods of preventing birth defects at low cost but with high impact, and (c) expansion of family planning and improvement of antenatal care combined with educational campaigns to avoid the risks for birth defects. The basis for public health preventive measures should be the primary health care level. In a sizable proportion of developing countries, the stage is already set for these measures to be implemented. Required are education, political will, and proper organization and allocation of resources. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in childhood and steroid therapy: Report of two cases; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare disorder consisting of the triad of persistent or recurrent orofacial edema, relapsing peripheral facial paralysis and fissured tongue. The etiology of the disorder is unknown; a possible association with sarcoidosis and Crohn's disease has been proposed. Therapeutic options for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in childhood are limited (oral prednisolone, clofazimine and minocycline). We present two cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with the classic triad of symptoms. Our patients were successfully treated with a 4-week course of prednisolone (1 mg/kg/day). We report these cases because this syndrome is very rare in childhood, and oral prednisolone is effective in the treatment.
Inflammatory dysfunctions of the facial nerve; The authors describe two case-histories of paresis of the facial nerve: the first - Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome and the second Bell's palsy. They also present the results of serological examination of 155 patients with erythema chronicum migrans, manifestations of Lyme disease and results of serological examination of 103 patients where Lyme disease without skin manifestations was suspected. They also mention acute paresis of the facial nerve as a complication of chronic otitis media with a marked florid infection and active secretion. The authors discuss the pathogenesis, clinical picture, possible diagnostic problems and treatment of inflammatory dysfunctions of the facial nerve - Bell's palsy, Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome, Lyme disease and lesions of the facial nerve associated with and complicating otitis media.
Rehabilitation of the lower innervation area of the facial nerve - Semiactive suspension; Surgical rehabilitation of the lower innervation area of the facial nerve is the last, though impercet, solution of prolonged deficiency of the expression of the lower part of the face caused by paresis of the facial nerve. The authors describe the indications, surgical technique incl. controversial surgery and the initial postoperative results assembled in four patients. As a basis they use the anatomical and functional situation of a paretic facial expression whereby they emphasize critical evaluation of surgical possibilities to improve the situation.
Acute mastoiditis: A 10 year retrospective study; This retrospective study reviews our experience in the management of acute otomastoiditis over 10 years. During the study period we identified 40 cases in children aged 3 months-15 years with a peak incidence in the second year of life. Sixty per cent of them had a history of acute otitis media (AOM). All the children were already receiving oral antibiotic therapy. Otalgia, fever, poor feeding and vomiting were the most common symptoms, all the children had evidence of retroauricolar inflammation. Computerized tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were used to support the diagnosis and to evaluate possible complications. Streptococcus pneumoniae was the most common isolated bacterium. All the patients received intravenous antibiotics, 65% of children received only medical treatment, 35% also underwent surgical intervention. Mean length of hospital stay was 12.3 days. Cholesteathoma was diagnosed in one child. We conclude from our study that acute otomastoiditis is a disease mainly affecting young children, that develops from AOM resistant to oral antibiotics. Adequate initial management always requires intravenous antibiotics, conservative surgical treatment with miryngotomy is appropriate in children not responding within 48 h from beginning of therapy. Mastoidectomy should be performed in all the patients with acute coalescent mastoiditis or in case of evidence of intracranial complications. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Neurovascular musculus obliquus internus abdominis flap free transfer for facial reanimation in a single stage; A study of the anatomy and transplantation of the musculus obliquus internus abdominis with a neurovascular pedicle transfer for facial reanimation in one stage is presented. Eleven adult cadavers (22 face sides) were dissected to observe the shape, thickness, innervation, and blood supply, of the musculus obliquus internus abdominis. The blood supply of this muscle primarily comes from the musculus obliquus internus abdominis branch of the deep circumflex iliac artery (diameter, 1.3 ± 0.2 mm), but it can also come from the eleventh intercostal artery (diameter, 1.14 ± 0.3 mm) and the infracostal artery (diameter, 1.5 ± 0.2 mm). The branch of the deep circumflex iliac artery and its vena comitans, or the infracostal artery and its vena comitans, could be anastomosed for muscle transplantation. The innervation of the musculus obliquus internus abdominis comes from the tenth and eleventh intercostal nerves (length, 12.7 ± 1.5 cm) and the infracostal nerve (length, 12.9 ± 1.3 cm). The eleventh intercostal nerve and the infracostal nerve were selected for anastomosis of muscle transplantation. From November of 1995 to November of 1999, 14 patients with long established facial paralysis were treated with transplantation of a musculus obliquus internus abdominis flap in one stage and were followed for 10 months to 6 years. In 13 patients, the dynamic functions of the transplanted muscles were restored, the obliqueness of the mouth and philtrum while static was corrected, and the facial muscle activities while smiling were harmonized. The eyelids of the paralyzed side could be closed postoperatively, indicating that the function of the orbicularis oculi of the paralyzed side was restored. The single-stage transplantation of a free musculus obliquus internus abdominis flap with one vascular, multi-nerve pedicle is a new method for facial reanimation in the treatment of long established facial paralysis. Because of the simplicity of the procedure and the completeness of the functional reanimation of the paralyzed facial muscles, compared with the results of other free muscle flap transfers, it is an ideal procedure for facial reanimation.
Epilepsy with reversible bulbar dysfunction; In patients with focal epilepsy, focal neurological dysfunction can occur due to status epilepticus and also as a post-ictal phenomenon. Bulbar dysfunction as evident by drooling, dysarthria, swallowing difficulties, and palatal-glossalpharyngeal weakness has been reported in conjunction with epilepsy. This is non-progressive and is correlated in its severity with the frequency of seizures. Accompanying EEG discharges are often localized to rolandic areas that cortically represent oral movements and salivation. We report a 6-year-old male and a 6 1/2-year-old female with progressive bulbar dysfunction resulting from epilepsy. Ictal EEGs in patient 1 did not confirm a diagnosis of epilepsy. With no evidence of a cortical or brainstem focus from EEG or MRI, it is very difficult to explain the mechanism of bulbar dysfunction. The complete restoration of bulbar function after treatment with antiepileptic drugs demonstrates the need to consider epilepsy in similar clinical situations.
Temporoparietal fascia flaps and superficial musculoaponeurotic system plication in parotid surgery reduces Frey's syndrome; Purpose: The purpose of this retrospective study was to evaluate the incidence of Frey's syndrome after parotid gland surgery with elevation of a skin flap versus the interposition of musculoaponeurotic tissue between the skin and the facial nerve. Materials and Methods: The standard skin flap was used in 122 patients (1981 to 1989), whereas interposition of temporoparietal galea or superficial musculoaponeurotic system was performed in 146 consecutive patients (1989 to 1998). Results: The incidence of Frey's syndrome was reduced from 33% to 4% with the use of a musculoaponeurotic layer, and the mean duration of postoperative facial nerve paresis decreased from 3 months to 6 weeks. Conclusions: Consideration should be given to the use of an interpositional layer of tissue between the facial nerve and the skin flap to reduce the incidence of Frey's syndrome after parotid gland surgery. © 2002 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
The efficacy of corticosteroids in postparotidectomy facial nerve paresis; Objective: To determine whether the administration of perioperative corticosteroids is effective in ameliorating facial nerve paresis after parotidectomy. Study Design: Prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial at a university medical center. Methods: Patients scheduled for parotidectomy and who met inclusion criteria were invited to enroll in the protocol. They were stratified according to the anticipated surgery (superficial or total parotidectomy) and then received one of two doses of dexamethasone (0.51 or 1.41 mg/kg divided into three doses) or placebo solution immediately preoperatively and then every 8 hours for 16 hours postoperatively. The facial nerve was graded for proportion (percentage) of function at each of the four major regions (frontal, orbital, midface and upper lip, and lower lip). The early postoperative function and rate of return of function were compared among the treatment groups. Results: Forty-nine patients were enrolled and evaluated (18 in the control group, 16 receiving low-dose dexamethasone, and 15 receiving high-dose dexamethasone). No therapeutic advantage of dexamethasone treatment could be appreciated with respect to the degree of early postoperative nerve function (81.3% for control patients vs. 69.5% for dexamethasone-treated patients [P = .239]). Similarly, the median time to recovery of complete facial nerve function was 60 days in the control group and was 150 days in the dexamethasone-treated patients. Conclusions: Dexamethasone administration in patients undergoing parotidectomy is not justified. Despite the relatively modest risk profile of dexamethasone, we were unable to demonstrate any benefit in patients who were treated with either low-dose or high-dose steroids compared with placebo-treated patients in a randomized, controlled trial.
Congenital tuberculosis with facial nerve palsy; Congenital tuberculosis is unusual, and central nervous system involvement is even more rare. We report a case of congenital tuberculosis presenting with facial palsy and purulent otorrhea.
Antiemetic use in pediatric gastroenteritis: A national survey of emergency physicians, pediatricians, and pediatric emergency physicians; The objective of this study was to review the use of antiemetics for pediatric gastroenteritis and to determine prescribing patterns of physicians. A mailed cross-sectional survey instrument was sent to randomly selected board-certified emergency medicine, pediatric, and pediatric emergency medicine specialists. A total of 1665 surveys were mailed, with 593 completed surveys returned (35.6% response rate). A majority of responders (60.9%) reported using antiemetics for pediatric gastroenteritis at least once in the past year, with a greater than 50% usage for all three specialty groups. Promethazine was the most commonly used antiemetic in all specialties, and per rectum the most common route of administration. Adverse reactions following a single dose of antiemetic were most frequently reported with prochlorperazine. The most common reason for antiemetic use was to prevent further dehydration. The most common concern regarding antiemetic use was potential for side effects. Occasional antiemetic use appears to be a common practice in treating pediatric gastroenteritis, regardless of specialty. Given the absence of literature on efficacy or safety, these drugs should be used only with careful consideration to potential side effects.
Cerebral palsy in childhood: 250 cases report; Objective. To know the etiological factors of cerebral palsy (CP) incident during pregnancy and neonatal/perinatal periods. To know evolution of a child with a CP diagnosis. Patients, material and methods. Bibliographical review of paediatric and rehabilitation texts and databases in Internet. Elaboration of a data-collecting questionnaire for reviewing clinical records of patients treated in Paediatric Rehabilitation between 1996 and 2000. Results. 250 patients' records reviewed. Most frequent illnesses during pregnancy: first twelve weeks haemorrhages: 17.9% and diabetes 8.4%. Child birth: preterm births 32%, cephalic presentation 78.8%, caesarean operations 32%. Mean birth weight 2,714 g, low birth weight babies 27.2%. Needed hospitalary treatment 48%. Mean time in incubator: 46 days among preterm and 26.6 among full-term. Mean time in intensive-care units: 44.4 days among preterm and 22.7 among full-term. Associated diagnoses: CRP 8%, birth asphyxia 24%, neonatal jaundice 27.2%, neonatal respiratory distress 24%, neonatal sepsis 10%, congenital cardiological illnesses 2.4%, dismorphia 2.4%, epilepsy in 40%. Diagnostic imaging: atrophy 38.8%, hydrocephalus 29.4%, ischemia 14.9%, haemorrhage 11.6%. No findings in 23.8%. Children were sent to Paediatric Rehabilitation at mean age of 8 months. Most frequent disorders: spastic quadriplegia (36.1%) spastic diplegia (26.5%) and hemiplegia (17%). Mental retardation 55%. School attendance 81.2%. CP postnatal in 5.2%. Conclusions. Incidence of CP (2.5/1,000 alive new-born) hardly avoidable for persistent rates of prematurity and complications in child-births. Good quality of life and survival until adult ages.
Treatment of gustatory hyperlacrimation (crocodile tears) with injection of botulinum toxin into the lacrimal gland; Purpose. To establish the efficacy and safety of botulinum toxin in the treatment of Crocodile Tear Syndrome and record any possible complications. Methods. Four patients with unilateral aberrant VII cranial nerve regeneration following an episode of facial paralysis consented to be included in this study after a comprehensive explanation of the procedure and possible complications was given. On average, an injection of 20 units of botulinum toxin type A (Dysport®) was given to the affected lacrimal gland. The effect was assessed with a Schirmer's test during taste stimulation. Careful recording of the duration of the effect and the presence of any local or systemic complications was made. Results. All patients reported a partial or complete disappearance of the reflex hyperlacrimation following treatment. Schirmer's tests during taste stimulation documented a significant decrease in tear secretion. The onset of effect of the botulinum toxin was typically 24-48 h after the initial injection and lasted 4-5 months. One patient had a mild increase in his preexisting upper lid ptosis, but no other local or systemic side effects were experienced. Conclusions. The injection of botulinum toxin type A into the affected lacrimal glands of patients with gusto-lacrimal reflex is a simple, effective and safe treatment.
Moebius syndrome with oral involvement.; The oral findings of 12 patients with Moebius syndrome are described. Facial weakness, hypoplastic upper lip, microstomia, mouth-angle drooping, hypoplasia of mandible, gothic palate, tongue weakness, fissured tongue, tongue atrophy and open bite were found. In addition to describing the oral findings, this report discusses some implications for dental treatment of patients with this syndrome.
A rare sign of intracranial internal carotid artery dissection causing cerebral infarction: A case report and review of the literature; We describe a patient with CT-proven ischemic infarction of the left middle cerebral artery (MCA) territory. The emergency CT, on admission, was suggestive of intracranial internal carotid artery dissection by demonstrating gaseous gap defects in the arterial wall and a subsequent thromboembolic process in the MCA. To our knowledge, there is no previous report regarding radiologically detected gas within the vessel wall or lumen secondary to dissection. We discuss this uncommon radiologic sign and its possible pathogenesis with a review of the literature.
Acute onset of facial nerve palsy associated with Lyme disease in a 6 year-old child.; Pediatric facial nerve palsy (FNP) can result from a variety of etiologies including Lyme disease, varicella, primary gingivostomatitis, herpes zoster oticus (Ramsay Hunt syndrome), coxsackievirus, trauma, otitis media, HIV, diseases causing tumors or demyelinations, compressions, and possibly Epstein Barr virus. Lyme disease has been implicated as the cause of over 50% of the FNPs in children. The paralysis of the facial nerve disturbs motor function to the muscles of facial expression and results in a flaccid appearance of the face (unilateral or bilateral). This case report derails undiagnosed Lyme disease presenting as a facial palsy in a 6 year, 5 month-old white female. The palsy was recognized and consultation with the child's physician prompted definitive diagnosis and treatment. A review of the literature and the implications of facial nerve palsy are discussed.
Viral titers and delayed facial palsy after acoustic neuroma surgery; OBJECTIVE: Delayed facial palsy (DFP) after acoustic neuroma surgery has been reported to occur in up to one third of cases. Reactivation of latent virus has been proposed as an etiology for DFP. However, only retrospective case reports and case series have offered data to support this theory. The objective of this study was to correlate DFP with change in viral titers. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty consecutive patients who underwent acoustic neuroma surgery were prospectively evaluated for viral titers immediately preoperatively and at 3 weeks postoperatively. Viral titers measured included herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1), herpes simplex virus 2 (HSV-2), and varicella zoster virus (VZV) and included both IgG and IgM titers. The status of facial nerve function was documented preoperatively and throughout the postoperative period. Patients were categorized according to the presence or absence of DFP. RESULTS: Seven patients developed DFP after acoustic neuroma surgery, while the remaining 13 patients did not. There was no difference in preoperative and 3-week postoperative IgG titers for any of the 3 viruses tested. However, IgM titers were much higher postoperatively in DFP patients for all 3 viruses tested. The average HSV-1 IgM titer rose 92% in DFP patients compared with only 4.5% in the patients who did not develop DFP. Average HSV-2 IgM titers rose 70% compared with a decline of 8.5% in non-DFP patients. Most strikingly, VZV IgM titers rose an average 495% postoperatively among DFP patients compared with a decline of 14% in the non-DFP patients. CONCLUSION: Elevation of the IgM titers of the viruses measured in this study implies that recrudescence of the virus has occurred. The absence of this rise among patients who did not develop DFP implies that viral recrudescence plays a role in the etiology of DFP. These findings support treatment or prophylaxis of DFP with antiviral therapy.
Treatment of residual vestibular schwannoma; Objective: To evaluate the results of the surgical removal of residual vestibular schwannomas and compare them with results obtained from the first operation. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Setting: Tertiary otologic and skull base referral center. Patients: Twenty-three patients with residual vestibular schwannoma from a total of 637 patients who underwent surgery during the same time (April 1987 to April 2001). Only 1 patient had previously been treated in the same center. All but 1 patient had previously undergone at least 1 retrosigmoid approach. The majority of patients experienced an extensive list of complications and additional treatments after the first operation. Only 2 patients experienced some measurable hearing preoperatively. Previous hospitalization averaged 34.9 days, with a minimum of 5 and a maximum of 150 days. Interventions: 16 patients were treated through an enlarged translabyrinthine approach and 7 through a modified transcochlear approach. Main Outcome Measures: Total tumor removal, postoperative complications, hospital stay. Results: All but 2 patients underwent a total removal. Complications recorded were 1 temporary hemiparesis and aphasia, 1 subcutaneous abdominal hematoma, and 2 transitory VIth cranial nerve palsies. No additional treatment was required. The postoperative hospital stays ranged from 3 to 22 days, with a mean of 6.9. Conclusions: Patients with vestibular schwannoma should be treated by an experienced team in a referral center to reduce postoperative morbidity and decrease the need to resort to only partial removal. Planned subtotal removal should be reserved for a few selected cases. The retrosigmoid approach is considered to have the highest risk that tumor remnants will unintentionally be left. In surgery of a residual vestibular schwannoma that has previously been treated through the retrosigmoid approach, the translabyrinthine approach offers some advantages with respect to performing another retrosigmoid procedure. In the presence of long-lasting facial palsy, the modified transcochlear approach represents the safest and most viable option available.
Diagnosis and treatment of glomus jugulare tumor; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinical features, diagnosis, and treatment of glomus jugulare tumor. METHODS: The data of 37 patients of glomus jugulare tumor diagnosed by digital subtraction angiography (DSA) and/or operation and pathology, 14 males (37.8%) and 23 females (62.2%), with an average age of 37.2 (3.5 approximately 66 years) and an average course of 4.3 years (1 month - 19 years), were analyzed. RESULTS: The tumor was located in the left ear in 19 cases, in the right ear in 17 cases, and in both ears in 1 case, totally 38 ears. The tumor was chromaffin in one case with hypertension. One case was complicated by ipsilateral carotid body tumor, and 2 cases were complicated by ipsilateral cholesteatoma. Thirty cases (81.1%) presented pulsatile tinnitus and hearing loss as the main symptoms. Thirteen cases (35.1%) were diagnosed as glomus jugulare tumor at the first visit, and 24 cases (64.9%) were diagnosed as other diseases with an average misdiagnosis period of 4.4 years. Eighteen tumors originated from typanum and 28 tumors from glomus jugulare. According the Fisch classification 1981, the tumors in 11 ears were type A, in 7 ears were type B, in 7 ears type C, in 5 ears type D1, and in 8 ears type D2. All cases, except the one with bilateral lesions, underwent operation. The tumor was completely resected in 30 cases. Postoperatively, facial paralysis was seen in 6 cases, dizziness, hoarseness, and subauricular necrosis was seen in one case respectively. Of the 25 patients followed up with a mean follow-up time of 5.2 years (1.1 - 16.1 years), 3 died of lung cancer, neuroblastoma, or extensive involvement of glomus jugulare tumor respectively, 19 survived without tumor, and 3 survived with the tumor. CONCLUSION: Glomus jugulare tumor is likely to involve surrounding important tissues, and to be misdiagnosed. Early surgical removal of the lesion is important.
The epidemiology and treatment of Bell's palsy in the UK; The study consisted of a survey of all new cases of Bell's palsy occurring between 1992 and 1996 in practices contributing data to the UK General Practice Research Database (GPRD). Data were extracted on age, sex, date of episode of Bell's palsy, household number, episodes of herpes simplex, treatment prescribed and referral to relevant hospital departments. A total of 2473 cases of Bell's palsy were identified. The overall incidence for the study period was 20.2 per 100 000 person years of follow-up (95% CI 19.4-21.0). Incidence increased with age. There was no difference in incidence according to sex or season but there were significant changes over time: incidence was higher in the first year of the study period than in subsequent years. There was no clustering of cases in households and no evidence of any tendency for herpes simplex infections to precede Bell's palsy. About 36% of cases were treated with oral steroids and 19% of episodes resulted in hospital referral. In conclusion, Bell's palsy is seen mainly in a primary care setting. The majority of cases are treated expectantly without drugs. Lack of household clustering and lack of a tendency of herpes simplex infections to precede Bell's palsy do not support a viral aetiology.
Atypical case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome; A 57-year-old woman developed right ear pain, right total sensorineural hearing loss, vertigo, and headache. Her right peripheral vestibular functions were absent. The analyses of cerebrospinal fluid suggested meningitis. At the later stage she had right mild facial palsy. Throughout this episode she did not show any herpetic vesicles. Reactivation of VZV was revealed by saliva analyses using PCR methods. Finally she was diagnosed as having Ramsay Hunt syndrome and she received acyclovir treatment. While her facial palsy was completely recovered, the functions of the eighth cranial nerve were not recovered.
Encephalitis caused by Rickettsia conorii without exanthema; Introduction. Mediterranean boutonneuse fever, caused by Rickettsia conorii, is an endemic disease in the Mediterranean area. The serious forms of the disease, which include encephalitis, are infrequent but are associated with a high mortality rate. Diagnostic suspicion is backed up by the development of exanthema. We report the case of a patient who developed encephalitis caused by Rickettsia conorii without exanthema. Case report A 27-year-old woman who had nauseas, headache, fever, abdominal upset and generalised pain during the days before being admitted to hospital. On the day she was admitted, she noticed reduced strength in the left limbs, together with numbness and pins and needles in the left side of the body. In the casualty department she presented tonic seizures in the left extremities and later generalised tonic-clonic seizures. Exploration showed facial paresis and 4/5 hemiparesis on the left side. Complementary tests carried out in casualty, including cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), did not reveal any significant findings. She was admitted after a loading dose of phenytoin. After 48 hours she presented fever and repeated complex partial seizures. A new CSF analysis was normal. She was treated with valproate, clonazepam, ceftriaxone, doxycycline and acyclovir. An electroencephalogram (EEG) showed theta activity in the left centroparietal areas and slow delta waves in the right temporal regions. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain showed contrast enhancement in the meninges. 24 later, due to the frequency of the seizures, phenobarbital and methylprednisolone were added, which enabled the seizures to be controlled. The posterior brain MRI revealed a right parasylvian lesion. Serological R. conorii IgM +, IgG 1/256 was administered. After eight months, she has presented no seizures or neurological deficit. Conclusions. There are cases of encephalitis from R. conorii that can present without exanthema. This means that in endemic areas early treatment with doxycycline could be advisable when faced with encephalitis of unknown aetiology, bearing in mind the high mortality rate that occurs when no early treatment is administered and the good tolerance to doxycycline.
Cranial nerve preservation after radiosurgery of vestibular schwannomas.; Radiosurgery is a management approach used to treat patients with vestibular schwannomas. The goals are long-term tumour growth control, maintenance of cranial nerve function and prevention of new deficiencies. We sought to determine long-term outcomes measuring the potential benefits against the neurological risks of primary radiosurgery. Gamma Knife radiosurgery was applied as a treatment modality for 289 patients with vestibular schwannomas from April 1992 to April 2002. The long-term results of 100 patients who underwent radiosurgery were evaluated. 60 patients received a primary treatment, 40 other cases presented with previously performed subtotal microsurgical resection or recurrence of disease (12-96 months, median 39). The median treatment volume was 3.4 ccm and the median dose to the tumour margin was 13 Gy. The median patient follow-up time was 76 months (range 60-120 months). Four tumours progressed after primary radiosurgery. Tumour control rate was 96%. Useful hearing (Gardner-Robertson I/II) was preserved in 16 patients (55%). Clinical neurological improvement occurred in 50%. Adverse effects comprised neurological symptoms (incomplete facial palsy) (House-Brackman II/III) in six cases (four recovered completely), mild transient trigeminal neuropathy in five cases, and morphological changes displaying rapid enlargement of preexisting macrocysts in two patients and tumour growth in two other patients. Microsurgical resection was performed in four cases (4%) and two patients underwent a shunting procedure because of hydrocephalus formation (2%). In patients who had undergone previous microsurgery, no new cranial nerve deficit was observed. Radiosurgery is an effective method for growth control of vestibular schwannomas and is associated with both a low mortality rate and a good quality of life. Accordingly, for the preservation of cranial nerve function radiosurgery is a useful method for the management of properly selected patients and is comparable to microsurgery.
Bell's palsy; The facial nerve has predominantly the motoric, and less sensitive function and gets nerved the muscle musculature of the face and its damages, significantly disturbs the function of the series of the muscles of the face. Regarding to this that the parases of the nervus facialis are often in the physician practice, we have written this article with aim to facilitate to the physicians in the practice the early establishing of the diagnosis, and also to give the instructions into the basic physical and rehabilitation procedures which is with success to carry out in patients with the damages of this nerve.
Leprosy: Otolaryngologist's perspective; A patient with hemi-facial erythematous swelling as a result of borderline leprosy and reversal reaction is reported. This uncommon presentation of the disease poses initial diagnostic difficulties to the otolaryngologist. The otolaryngologist must be familiar with otolaryngologic manifestations of leprosy, since early diagnosis and treatment reduces the risk of transmission of the disease and may avoid permanent nerve damage. Copyright© 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Paralytic ectropion correction with porous polyethylene spacer by subciliar external approach; PURPOSE: To evaluate the efficacy of porous polyethylene spacer in paralytic ectropion. METHODS: Nine eyes of 8 patients (5 male and 3 female, medium age 55.6 S.D. 11.2 years) with paralytic ectropion were operated. All of them presented a scleral show of more than 3 mm, exposure queratopathy and epiphora grade III-IV in Munk scale. A tarsal strip procedure, internal cathoplasty and porous polyethylene spacer sutured to the inferior border of the tarsal plate and over the palpebral retractors by subciliar external approach were performed. RESULTS: The mean followup time was 9.8 S.D. 4.3 months. The scleral show, exposure queratopathy and epiphora improved in all patients. There were two extrusions of the synthetic material, with removal of the implant in one of them. In these two cases a long lasting facial palsy with miocutaneous atrophy was the cause of the ectropion. CONCLUSIONS: Porous polyethylene speacer is a good alternative for paralytic ectropion treatment. This technique decreases the risk of infectious disease transmission as in homologous grafts and the need of a second surgical procedure as in autologous grafts.
Neurological complications of acute and persistent Epstein-Barr virus infection in paediatric patients; Neurological complications of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) have been reported almost exclusively in the course of acute primary infections. The role of EBV in paediatric neurological disease was investigated prospectively over a 2-year period, searching for acute primary, chronic, and reactivated EBV infections. Active EBV infections were diagnosed in 10/48 patients, including two with acute primary EBV infections (cranial neuritis and cerebellitis), one with chronic active infection (T/NK cell lymphoma with cranial neuritis), and seven with reactivated infections. Among these seven patients, three showed "Alice in Wonderland" syndrome, one facial nerve palsy, one progressive macrocephaly, and two prolonged encephalitic illness. The prognosis was good except for the patient with lethal T/NK cell lymphoma and the two girls with encephalitic illness. Despite steroid treatment, these girls suffered prolonged cognitive impairment and epileptic seizures. Both developed left-sided hippocampal atrophy, and one of them hippocampal sclerosis. Like primary infections, reactivated EBV infections cause neurological complications in a considerable number of paediatric patients, lead to serious long-term complications, and may contribute to the pathogenesis of hippocampal lesions. © 2002 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Long term results of radiosurgery for vestibular schwannomas; Radiosurgery is either a primary or an adjunct management approach used to treat patients with vestibular schwannomas. The goals are long-term tumour growth control, maintenance of cranial nerve function and prevention of new neurologic deficiencies. We sought to determine long-term outcomes measuring the potential benefits against the neurological risks of radiosurgery. Methods: 278 patients with vestibular schwannomas underwent Gamma Knife radiosurgery as a treatment modality for from April 1992 to November 2001. The long-term results of 60 patients were evaluated who received radiosurgery as primary treatment. 12 cases presented with previously performed subtotal microsurgical resection or recurrence of disease (12-96 months, median 39). The median treatment volume was 3.8 ccm and the median dose to the tumour margin was 12 Gy. The median patient follow-up time was 88 months (range 72-114 months). Results: Four tumours progressed after primary radiosurgery. Tumour control rate was 93%. Useful hearing (Gardner-Robertson I/II) was preserved in 16 patients (55%). Clinical neurological improvement occured in 36 patients (60%). Adverse effects comprised neurological symptoms (incomplete facial palsy) (House-Brackman II/III) in five cases (three recovered completely), mild trigeminal neuropathy in three cases, and morphological changes displaying rapid enlargement of preexisting macrocysts in two patients and tumour growth in two other ones. Microsurgical resection was performed in three cases (5%) and one patient underwent a shunting procedure because of hydrocephalus formation. In patients who had undergone previous microsurgery, neither new cranial nerve deficit nor any tumour growth was observed. Conclusions: Radiosurgery performed with current techniques proved to be an effective method for growth control of vestibular schwannomas with both a low mortality rate and a good quality of life. An increasing percentage of patients will undergo radiosurgery as accessibility to this alternative increases, and more data regarding long-term follow-up are available. It is a post-operative complementary treatment for partially removed tumours. Accordingly, radiosurgery is a useful method for the management of properly selected patients.
One-stage reversed and rotated gracilis muscle free flap for chronic facial palsy: A new technique; Facial palsy is one of the most challenging problems in plastic surgery. Traditional methods for the treatment of chronic facial palsy use a two-stage muscle flap (mostly the gracilis muscle), which is time-consuming and burdensome to patients, who might be averse to waiting 8 to 12 months between the two stages. In this study, a new technique is introduced for one-stage treatment of facial paralysis in which 25 g of the gracilis muscle (measuring 7 to 10 cm long and 2 to 4 cm wide) is used. The flap is placed in a reversed position and rotated in one stage. The procedure is performed without using a cross-facial nerve graft. During nearly 2 years, five patients were treated with this technique and their functional results were compared. After 2 years of follow-up,.the functional results of our patients are reportedly good to excellent. The expressive movement of the soft tissues of the face can be seen on the paralyzed side by 6 months after treatment. Therefore, we recommend this technique as the procedure of choice for the treatment of chronic facial palsy.
Chronic symptoms are common in patients with neuroborreliosis - A questionnaire follow-up study; Objectives - The existence of chronic neuroborreliosis is controversial. The aim of our study was to investigate the existence and kind of persistent symptoms in patients previously treated because of neurological symptoms as a result of neuroborreliosis. Material and methods - A total of 106 patients with neuroborreliosis, according to established criteria, and a control group of 123 patients with Borrelia induced erythema migrans diagnosed in a general practitioner office were studied. A questionnaire was sent to patients and controls concerning their health situation. Time from onset of neurological symptoms to the questionnaire sendout was 32 months (mean) for the patients with neuroborreliosis and 33 months (mean) for the controls. Results - Fifty per cent of the individuals in the patient group compared with 16% of the individuals in the control group showed persistent complaints after their Borrelia infection (P < 0.0001). The most significant differences between the groups were the presence of neuropsychiatric symptoms such as headache, attention problems, memory difficulties and depression. Paresthesia, pain and persistent facial palsy was also significantly more common in patients treated because of neuroborreliosis. Conclusion - Our study shows that persisting neurological symptoms are common after a neuroborreliosis infection. The pathological mechanisms that lay behind the development of chronic symptoms, however, are still uncertain.
Anterior belly of digastric muscle transfer: A useful technique in head and neck surgery; Background. Permanent loss of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve (MMBFN) may result from an inadvertent injury or an intentional sacrifice during tumor resection. This may occur in isolation or as a part of total facial nerve palsy. The loss of the MMBFN results in paralysis of the depressors of the ipsilateral lower lip with troublesome cosmetic and functional deficits. Method. A series of 14 patients with permanent loss of the MMBFN during resection of head and neck tumors were treated with the anterior belly of digastric muscle transfer (ABDMT). The loss of the MMBFN occurred in isolation in five patients and formed a part of total facial nerve palsy in nine. Immediate reconstruction was performed on nine patients, and it was done as a secondary procedure in the remainder. Two patients in the latter group had prior facial reanimation, although the paralyzed lower lip was not reconstructed. Results. The average follow-up period was 23.2 (range, 3-48) months. Satisfactory results were achieved in all of the patients, although revision of the ABDMT was required in one patient. Conclusions. ABDMT is a simple and reliable reconstructive technique for restoring the depressor function of the lower lip resulting from MMBFN palsy. It is the treatment of choice during primary extirpative surgery for head and neck tumors when the MMBFN requires sacrifice for tumor clearance or is inadvertently injured. The reconstructive options for MMBFN palsy, particularly in the absence of the anterior belly of digastric muscle, are discussed. © 2002 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome: Pathophysiology of cochleovestibular symptoms; Ramsay Hunt's hypothesis that herpes zoster oticus results from reactivation of the varicella zoster virus (VZV) in the geniculate ganglion is supported by the detection of viral genome in archival temporal bones of normals and Ramsay Hunt patients by the polymerase chain reaction. Ramsay Hunt syndrome is characterized by the presence of cochleovestibular symptoms in association with facial paralysis. VZV has also been demonstrated in the spiral and/or vestibular ganglion. Two cases are reported in which cochleovestibular symptoms outweighed the facial nerve symptoms, presumably representing VZV reactivation in the spiral and/or vestibular ganglion. From these observations and the known dormancy of VZV in non-neuronal satellite cells, it is argued that the cochleovestibular symptoms in Ramsay Hunt syndrome may result from VZV transmission across the nerves inside the internal auditory canal and that prompt treatment with an antiviral-corticosteroid combination might be justified in the management of any acute non-hydropic cochleovestibular syndrome.
Facial injuries caused by animals in northern Nigeria; We did a retrospective survey of 34 patients who sustained facial injuries after animal associated incidents and presented to three Nigerian teaching hospitals. There were 27 male (79%) and 7 female patients, whose ages ranged from 6 to 40 years. Sixteen (47%) were less than 15 years. Cows (n = 14), camels (n = 9), and donkeys (n = 6) were the most commonly involved. Three dog bites were seen. Knocks from cows' horns (n = 9) were the predominant mechanism of injury, followed by falls (n = 8) and kicks (n = 7). There were many facial lacerations and fractures, and the cheek (n = 14), forehead (n = 13), and chin (n = 10) were the most common sites of soft tissue injury. All injuries were considered to be contaminated irrespective of the duration of the injury. Treatment consisted of thorough debridement and irrigation, primary closure where feasible, and secondary reconstruction in others. All patients were given prophylactic broad-spectrum antibiotics. Overall, outcome was satisfactory except for a few cases of scar formation, facial nerve palsy, and partial laryngeal stenosis. Associated injuries were recorded in nine cases (27%), with rupture of the globe in three patients (9%). One patient died of associated abdominal injuries after being trampled by a herd of cattle. There is a need for adequate protective measures to forstall animal - related incidents that could result in severe facial and other injuries. © 2002 The British Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
An alarming sign for serious diseases in children: Bilateral facial paralysis; Facial paralysis in children is most often idiopathic, and isolated facial nerve palsy resulting from leukemic infiltration is a rare occurrence. We report a 13-year-old male with acute lymphoblastic leukemia presenting with bilateral facial palsy, who was previously diagnosed with idiopathic facial palsy and treated with steroids. This rare presentation of acute lymphoblastic leukemia should be kept in mind as a diagnostic possibility in a patient with bilateral facial nerve paralysis. © 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Möbius and möbius-like patients: Etiology, diagnosis, and treatment options; The surgical goal in Möbius patients is far more modest and differs from patients with unilateral developmental facial paralysis. It is impossible to restore a true smile in these mask-like, expressionless faces. Despite sophisticated microneurovascular transplantations, movement can only be restored along one vector and enhanced firmness in the cheeks, thus multiple differentiated facial animation is not achievable. A detailed neurological evaluation can identify possible motor donors or residual function, which can be used for additional dynamic restorations. Due to the multiple cranial nerve involvement a thorough clinical and electrophysiological examination is mandatory. In addition, electromyographic survey of the potential motor donors is very helpful to avoid weak wasted regeneration and prevent further downgrading of function. Because of the variety of cranial nerves involved in Möbius' syndrome, a standard procedure for dynamic restoration cannot and should not be promoted; instead, a careful preoperative objective and quantitative assessment should guide the reconstructive surgeon to the optimal reconstruction strategy. Useful movement can be restored in afflicted patients that may signal physical and psychological rehabilitation.
Aesthetic considerations in facial reanimation; The treatment results of facial paralysis have improved within the last two decades with the introduction of new techniques for neuromuscular reconstruction. However, many patients still complain of aesthetic imbalance impairment after treatment. This article presents some complementary procedures that can be used to improve the appearance of the face either isolated in incomplete palsies, or after the completion of reconstructive procedures in complete paralysis. The procedures are divided according to anatomical areas - Forehead, eyelids, middle third of the face, and the lower lip.
The treatment of unilateral and bilateral facial palsy using free muscle transfers; A 25-year experience in the treatment of unilateral and bilateral facial palsies is presented. The advent of crossed facial nerve grafts and revascularized muscle grafts gives a high proportion of facial reanimation. The choice for the muscle graft is the pectoralis minor. The latissimus dorsi can be used in unfavorable circumstances or in bilateral facial palsies. Although recovery of movement is high, the search for refinement and symmetry continues. This article encapsulates the author's philosophy in trying to achieve these goals.
35 mandibular fracture cases; We present 35 cases of mandibular fracture treated at the Suita Municipal Hospital between 1994 and 2002. Results showed a male predominance by 2 to 1 and the highest occurrence of trauma in the 20-29 year age group (31%). Major causes of fractures were traffic accidents (52%), assaults (31%), and falls (17%). The most common fracture sites were, in descending order, the condyle (33%), parasymphysis (25%), angle (22%), body (10%), and ramus (10%). The cause of fractures in patients less than 30 years old is most likely due to traffic accidents and assaults, while that in patients over 30 years old is due to falls. Traffic accidents and falls significantly induce condylar fractures, while assaults significantly induce other fractures. Patients were treated with open reduction with titanium or biodegradable miniplates and screws (n = 30), maxillomandibular fixation alone (n = 2), conservative therapy (n = 1), or treatment at other hospitals (n = 2). The mean period for maxillomandibular fixation was 42 days. In 22 patients with more than 6 months of follow-up, 6 had complications: 4 had pain, 1 had deviation in mouth opening, 1 suffered from noise, and 1 from facial palsy. Patients with condylar fractures had a significantly high incidence of complications. We think that we should further decrease the period for maxillomandibular fixation, increase the application of biodegradable materials, and use methods for condylar fractures more appropriately.
Rhinocerebral mucormycosis; Rhinocerebral mucormycosis is an aggressive opportunistic infection which appears in cerebral, pulmonary, ocular, superficial and disseminated forms Rhinocerebral disease is the commonest form. We report here a rare case of rhinocerebral mucormycosis. Patient was a known case of diabetes and hypertension and presented with nasal obstruction, swelling of right eye with loss of vision and right sided facial paralysis. The disease was excised followed by oral antifungal therapy.
Progressive supranuclear palsy and its relation to pacific foci of the parkinsonism-dementia complex and Guadeloupean parkinsonism; Steele, Richardson and Olszweski in 1964 described a distinctive clinical and pathological entity they called progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP). Now on Guadeloupe in the Carribbean French West Indies, Caparros-Lefebvre is identifying many patients with similar clinical and histological features. Others have a clinical syndrome of atypical parkinsonism that resembles the parkinsonism-dementia complex (PDC) of Guam and the Kii peninsula of Japan (PDC). But in those Pacific foci the histology is different and the abnormal tau is of Alzheimer's type rather than the PSP type of Guadeloupe. In both locales, neurotoxins of local foods are implicated in etiology. Future studies will confirm if Guadeloupean parkinsonism is truly a geographic focus of PSP, and if dietary factors account for both. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tuberculous mastoiditis; A 14 month old child with intractable painless otorrhoea resistant to conventional treatment with sudden onset facial palsy was referred to us for HRCT of temporal bone. A rare diagnosis of tuberculous mastoiditis was made which was confirmed by histopathological reports. In this case the use of a Multislice CT scanner (Siemens Volume Zoom) in demonstrating the intricate involvement of the middle and inner ear structures by the disease is accentuated.
Lip reduction cheiloplasty for Miescher's granulomatous macrocheilitis (Cheilitis granulomatosa) in childhood; Miescher's granulomatous macrocheilitis (cheilitis granulomatosa) is a monosymptomatic presentation of Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome which is characterized by granulomatous swelling of the lips, and can affect both children and adults. We report the successful outcome following lip reduction surgery on an 11-year-old boy. We suggest that surgery may have a role in the management of those patients who have failed to respond to medical treatment.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome presenting as a cranial polyneuropathy.; Ramsay Hunt syndrome (RHS) is herpes zoster of the facial nerve, frequently associated with VIII cranial nerve involvement, but on rare occasions other cranial nerves are affected as well. We present the case of a 63-year-old woman with RHS with involvement of V, VII, VIII, IX, and XII cranial nerves. The patient showed significant improvement after treatment with acyclovir and prednisolone. RHS should be recognized as a polycranial neuritis characterized by damage to sensory and motor nerves, including the facial nerve and the auditory-vestibular apparatus. Early institution of treatment with antiviral agents may help hasten healing. Involvement of the XIIth cranial nerve has not been reported previously.
Needle electromyography of the depressor anguli oris muscle after transsection of the marginal mandibular nerve; Background: Reports concerning the innervation of the depressor anguli oris muscle by the marginal mandibular nerve are conflicting. The aim of the present study was to examine, by electrophysiology, whether the depressor anguli oris muscle is completely denervated after transsection of the marginal mandibular nerve and, if not, to determine the quantitative degree of volitional activity present in the muscle. Methods: Five patients (4 men, 1 woman; mean age: 56 years; range: 44-63) with unilateral paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve were examined by electrophysiology and clinically, 8 to 12 weeks after nerve resection. Electrically evoked potentials, pathological spontaneous activity and volitional activity in the depressor anguli oris muscles were assessed by needle electromyography and nerve stimulation. Results: The electrophysiological examination showed a high-grade but incomplete lesion of the depressor anguli oris muscle and clinical examination revealed high-grade paresis of the lip depressors. Conclusions: Co-innervation of the depressor anguli oris muscle by a nerve branch other than the marginal mandibular nerve was seen in the present study. Residual volitional activity due to this co-innervation was minor and clinically not relevant.
A case report of transverse fracture of temporal bone totally decompressed via enlarged translabyrinthine approach; A 23-year-old male with transverse fracture of temporal bone presented with severe facial palsy on the fractured side, deafness and canal paresis. Total decompression of the facial nerve via enlarged translabyrinthine approach was performed. Two years later, facial palsy improved moderately. For a traumatically deafened case with facial palsy, the enlarged translabyrinthine approach is recommended as rather good approach to decompress the total facial nerve, because of its wide view and space for surgical maneuver around the internal auditory canal and the labyrinthine portion.
Radiosurgery of residual and recurrent vestibular schwannomas; Radiosurgery is either a primary or an adjunctive management approach used to treat patients with vestibular schwannomas. We sought to determine outcomes measuring the potential benefits against the neurological risks in patients who underwent radiosurgery after previous microsurgical subtotal resection or recurrence of the tumour after total resection. Gamma Knife radiosurgery was applied as an adjunctive treatment modality for 86 patients with vestibular schwannomas from April 1992 to August 2001. We evaluated the results of 50 patients who had a follow-up of at least 3.5 years (median 75 months, range 42-114 months). In 16 patients a recurrence of disease was observed after previous total resection. The median treatment volume was 3.4 ccm with a median dose to the tumour margin of 13 Gy. Tumour control rate was 96%. Two tumours progressed after adjunctive radiosurgery. Useful hearing (Gardner-Robertson II) (4 patients (8%)) and residual hearing (Gardner-Roberson III) (10 patients (20%)) remained unchanged in all patients, who presented with it before radiosurgery, respectively. Clinical neurological improvement was observed in 24 patients (46%). Adverse effects comprised transient neurological symptoms and signs (incomplete facial palsy, House-Brackman II/III) in five cases (recovered completely), mild trigeminal neuropathy in four cases, and morphological changes displaying rapid enlargement of a pre-existing macrocyst in one patient and tumour growth in another one. No permanent new cranial nerve deficit was observed. Radiosurgery appears to be an effective adjunctive method for growth control of vestibular schwannomas and is associated with both a low mortality rate and a good quality of life. Accordingly, radiosurgery is a rewarding therapeutic approach for the preservation of cranial nerve function in the management of patients with vestibular schwannoma in whom prior microsurgical resection failed.
Diffuse arachnoidal enhancement of a well differentiated choroid plexus papilloma; Introduction. The case of a 38-year old man with a histologically benign choroid plexus papilloma arising within the fourth ventricle with en plaque growth around the brain stem and medulla is described in detail. Up to this point this particular growth pattern has not been published and is a rare presentation for this tumour. Clinical Presentation. The patient presented with a 1.5 year history of headache, nausea, and vomiting in the morning. Additional symptoms like blurred vision and gait ataxia lead to hospital admission. MRI demonstrated a homogeneously contrast-enhancing tumour completely filling the fourth ventricle and subsequent obstructive hydrocephalus. In addition Gd enhancement encasing the brain stem, the lower aspect of the medulla and the conus medullaris was seen suggesting a disseminated ependymoma or medulloblastoma. Intervention. An extensive resection of the tumour in the fourth ventricle and CP angle was performed. Infiltrative growth into the structures of the left CP angle and into the rhomboid fossa hampered complete removal. Surprisingly histological examination revealed a well-differentiated papillary choroid plexus papilloma without signs of anaplasia. On follow up imaging the Gd enhancement encasing the pons vanished completely. A growing cyst adjacent to a small tumour residuum left behind on the floor of the fourth ventricle led to re-operation after 8 months with complete removal. Discussion. This case presents several biological, neuroradiological and surgical aspects which make it noteworthy and we hope that the informations provided add to the understanding of these tumours, expand the differential diagnostic thinking of lesions which present with diffuse arachnoid Gd enhancement upon first presentation.
A case of acoustic neurinoma associated with chronic subdural hematoma after gamma knife radiosurgery; A 72-year-old female presented with a unique case of acoustic neurinoma with a cystic component followed by the chronic subdural hematoma manifesting as trigeminal neuralgia, facial palsy and trunchal ataxia 7 months after gamma knife radiosurgery. Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated a loss of central contrast enhancement at the postoperative residual tumor mass and a large cyst associated with a hematoma in the subdural space. A right suboccipital craniectomy was performed. A biopsy of the mass and the membrane was performed following aspiration of the brown-reddish fluid collection. The histological diagnosis was acoustic neurinoma with a hemorrhagic necrosis. The membranous tissue mimicked an outer membrane obtained from chronic subdural hematoma. The postoperative course was satisfactory and preoperative symptoms have been alleviated. In this case, the chronic subdural hematoma occurred at posterior fossa during the development of cysts caused by the radiosurgery, because the subdural space had been connected with the subarachnoid space after the first operation. The development of cysts or hematoma should be taken into consideration as possible complications following treatment with gamma knife radiosurgery for acoustic neurinomas.
Cerebellar arteriovenous malformation with facial paralysis, hearing loss, and tinnitus: A case report; Objective: To describe cerebellar arteriovenous malformation in a 21-year-old man with symptoms resembling those of ear disease and to discuss the relationship between the findings of neurotologic examination and magnetic resonance imaging. Study Design: Case report. Setting: Department of Otolaryngology, Head-and-Neck Surgery of the Kyoto University Hospital, which is a tertiary care center, in Kyoto, Japan. Patient: A 21-year-old man had cerebellar arteriovenous malformation and symptoms resembling those of ear disease: recurrent left facial paralysis, left retrocochlear hearing loss, and tinnitus. Auditory brainstem responses showed only waves I and II on his left side. Downbeat nystagmus was seen by anteflexion and retroflexion of his neck. He also experienced a slight sensory disturbance on the left side of his face and right lower extremity. Magnetic resonance imaging and vertebral angiography revealed a cerebellar arteriovenous malformation and a varix functioning as a drainer of the arteriovenous malformation surrounded by an edematous region probably induced by a small hemorrhage in the brainstem. Intervention: Conservative treatment, including intravenous prednisolone, vitamin B12 and oral adenosine triphosphate was performed followed by total extirpation of the arteriovenous malformation. Conclusion: In examining patients with peripheral facial paralysis (sometimes recurrent with a short interval) and other symptoms resembling those of ear disease, especially those suggesting certain central disorders, it is important to take intracranial arteriovenous malformation into consideration because the condition may be sometimes life threatening if overlooked.
Temporal bone hemangiomas involving the facial nerve; Objective: Hemangiomas of the facial nerve are rare tumors that can mimic more common temporal bone tumors such as vestibular schwannomas and facial nerve schwannomas. This article reviews the diagnostic challenges in the surgical treatment of facial nerve hemangiomas. Study Design: Two case reports and literature review. Results: Early diagnosis and surgical excision of facial nerve hemangiomas can sometimes allow tumor removal with facial nerve preservation. In patients in whom the facial nerve needs to be resected to remove the hemangioma, primary anastomosis or cable nerve grafting can yield House-Brackmann Grade III/VI postoperative facial nerve function. Conclusion: Complete surgical excision of facial nerve hemangiomas with primary facial nerve repair (when necessary) is the treatment of choice for these lesions.
Immunologic abnormalities and surgical experiences in recurrent facial nerve paralysis; Objective: To document immunologic findings in patients with recurrent facial paralysis (RFP) and to compare the results of the surgery with the results of medical treatment. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Setting: Tertiary care referral center. Patients: Nine patients with RFP were reviewed. Intervention: Patients underwent nonspecific antibody detection, protein electrophoresis (in blood and cerebrospinal fluid [CSF]) and oligoclonal band determination for immunoglobulin G, A, and M (in CSF). The extended subtotal facial nerve decompression via the transmastoid and transattic route was performed in four patients. Five patients received medical treatment only (steroids, vitamin B). Results: Two patients had the complete and four patients had the oligosymptomatic form of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The other three patients were diagnosed with idiopathic RFP. Serum immunoglobulin G was high in seven of nine patients (77%). CSF protein electrophoresis demonstrated an elevated albumin fraction in six of nine patients (66%). CSF immunoglobulin G was high in four of nine patients (44%). The oligoclonal band in CSF was negative in all patients. Mean follow-up time was 5.2 ± 2.6 years and 3 ± 1.5 years for surgically treated patients and medically treated patients, respectively. None of the patients who underwent the surgery demonstrated recurrence. Although marked recovery was observed in patients who had received medical treatment, three of them had recurrence during the follow-up period. Conclusion: Serologic test results have demonstrated immune system involvement in cases of idiopathic RFP and in cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, providing no distinction between the two. There was no sign substantiating local antibody production in CSF, which implies that the elevated antibodies in CSF were peripheral in origin. Although the serologic test results were not conclusive for a specific diagnosis, they support an immune-mediated pathogenesis. Despite the small number of patients who underwent the extended transmastoid facial nerve decompression, our follow-up data were suggestive for the prevention of recurrences.
Delayed presentation of carotid dissection, cerebral ischemia, and infarction following blunt trauma: Two cases; Carotid artery dissection followed by cerebral infarction as a result of blunt trauma can occur in a number of forensically relevant situations. We describe two such cases. In the first case, a 19-year-old female was involved in a road traffic accident, when her car crashed into the rear of another car. Initially, the young woman presented a minor head injury without loss of consciousness and minor bruising to the left side of the neck. After 48 h, she had developed confusion, speech difficulties, right facial nerve paralysis, and right hemiplegia. CT scan and carotid angiography showed cerebral ischemia with infarction in the territory of the middle left cerebral artery and complete dissection of the left carotid artery. In the second case, a 33-year-old male with depression attempted to hang himself. The rope gave way and he fell down. He had also taken a paracetamol, and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug overdose. He did not lose consciousness but appeared withdrawn and depressed. Approximately 6 h later, his conscious state deteriorated. A CT scan revealed thrombosis of the left internal carotid artery, extending to the middle cerebral artery. The patient died. Both cases reinforce the need for full neurological assessment and review of any individual subject to blunt trauma to the neck, whether accidental or deliberate or where the history is incomplete. In the forensic setting, in particular, RTAs, suspension by the neck, strangulation, and garotting are all instances when examination and assessment must be thorough - and clear advice given - in the absence of any immediate signs or symptoms - that any new symptoms or signs require immediate and thorough neurological investigation. There should be low threshold for prolonged neurological observation or further neurovascular investigations such as ultrasound, CT or MRI scan or angiography, to minimize the risk of developing potentially fatal or incapacitating sequelae. © 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd and APS.
Prognostic value of the blink reflex in acoustic neuroma surgery; OBJECTIVE: The study goal was to demonstrate that blink reflex analysis can predict postoperative facial nerve outcome in cerebellopontine angle tumor surgery. STUDY DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS: In an open and prospective study conducted at a single tertiary care center over 3 years, 91 subjects with a vestibular schwannoma filling the internal auditory meatus were enrolled and operated on via a translabyrinthine approach. The difference in latency of the early response (ΔR1) of the blink reflex between the pathologic side and the healthy side was calculated in every patient during a complete electrophysiologic examination of the facial nerve performed on the day before surgery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: ΔR1 was compared with the other preoperative data (tumor volume, facial function), with the perioperative observations (difficulties with the dissection of the facial nerve), and especially with the postoperative status after 1 year. The statistical study was conducted using polynomial regression. RESULTS: Patients with a negative or zero ΔR1 have normal facial function at 1 year. For those with a positive ΔR1 the outcome is not favorable unless the tumor is small. For patients presenting with an immediate complete facial paralysis, the value of ΔR1 is also indicative of facial function outcome. CONCLUSION: Statistical analysis shows that the blink reflex, through ΔR1, has an excellent prognostic value in anticipating the difficulties with facial nerve dissection and postoperative facial function after 1 year.
Complete superior and inferior sagittal sinus thromboses with multiple cranial nerve pareses and transient ischemic attack - Case report; A 27-year-old woman with headache and right peripheral facial nerve paresis persisting for over 25 days, and left hemiparesis for 2 days, which had all been gradually improving, was admitted to our hospital as she suddenly developed horizontal and vertical diplopia. She had right fourth and sixth cranial nerve pareses, papilledema, and right orbital venous congestion, and also experienced a seizure on the day of admission. Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging and MR venography revealed complete superior and inferior sagittal sinus thromboses and significant collateral venous channels, but no parenchymal lesion. Fourth and seventh cranial nerve pareses and the left hemiparesis resolved completely within 2 days, but she concurrently developed an episode of right hemiparesis, which lasted for 30 minutes. The patient recovered with medical therapy. MR venography showed recanalization of both sinuses. She was neurologically intact except for minimal right abducens nerve paresis at discharge, 40 days after admission. Multiple cranial nerve pareses with transient ischemic attack is an extremely rare manifestation of superior sagittal sinus thrombosis. Transient functional disturbance due to temporary reduction of tissue perfusion caused by overload of the collateral channels is more likely to be responsible for the transient ischemic attack and reversible ischemic neurological deficit.
Antineuronal antibody testing in an unusual case of recurrent Bell's palsy; The term Bell's palsy (BP) is nowadays reserved for peripheral facial nerve paralysis without well-defined etiology and pathogenesis. BP is not a life threatening condition but it has a potential cosmetic mutilatory effect, and there is also a possibility of serious ophthalmologic complications (corneal ulcers). Recurrent paralyses are noted in 7%-8% of BP cases. Only two patients with four BP episodes out of 1700 patients, and only one patient with more than four BP episodes out of 2414 BP cases have been reported in the literature. The highest number of BP recurrences found in the available literature is nine. A brief review of the epidemiology and etiopathogenesis of BP is presented, a case of unusual recurrent BP is reported, and the immune pathomechanisms are discussed.
Motor neurone disease; Motor neurone disease (MND), or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), is a neurodegenerative disorder of unknown aetiology. Progressive motor weakness and bulbar dysfunction lead to premature death, usually from respiratory failure. Confirming the diagnosis may initially be difficult until the full clinical features are manifest. For all forms of the disease there is a significant differential diagnosis to consider, including treatable conditions, and therefore specialist neurological opinion should always be sought. Clear genetic inheritance has been demonstrated in a minority of patients with familial ALS but elucidation of the biological basis of genetic subtypes is also providing important information which may lead to treatments for sporadic forms of the disease. In the absence of curative or disease modifying therapy, management is supportive and requires a multidisciplinary approach. If, as seems likely, complex inherited and environmental factors contribute to the pathogenesis of MND, future treatment may involve a combination of molecular based treatments or restoration of cellular integrity using stem cell grafts.
Wasp sting induced neurological manifestations; Wasp stings generally cause local reactions like pain, wheal, flare, edema and swelling, which are generally self-limiting. Multiple stings can lead to vomiting, diarrhea, generalized edema, dyspnea, hypotension, collapse, renal failure or death. Unusually, they may cause serum sickness, vasculitis, neuritis or encephalitis. We report a case of a 40 year old male who developed focal neurological deficit 10 hours following a wasp sting, which was confirmed to be ponto-cerebellar infarction on MRI scan, and recovered within five days.
Recurrent Miller fisher syndrome: A case report; Miller fisher syndrome (MFS) is a variant of Guillain-Barre syndrome characterized by the triad of ophthalmoplegia, ataxia and areflexia. Recurrences are exceptional with MFS. A case with two episodes of MFS within four years is reported. He presented with findings of ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, areflexia, and oropharyngeal weakness and mild distal sensory impairment during both episodes. Electrophysiological findings showed reduced compound muscle action potentials and sensory nerve action potentials with no evidence of conduction blocks. Nerve biopsy showed segmental demyelination. MRI of brain was normal. He responded well to immunoglobulins during both episodes suggesting that immunomodulating drugs have a role in the treatment of MFS.
Influence of early high-dose steroid treatment on Bell's palsy evolution; The objective of this double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study was to test the efficacy of high-dose prednisone, administered as early as possible, in modifying the natural progression of Bell's palsy. Sixty-two consecutive patients, enrolled within 72 hours of facial palsy onset, were assigned to high dose intravenous prednisone in combination with intramuscular polyvitaminic therapy (group A) or polyvitaminic therapy alone (group B). Clinical grading of facial muscle strength and length of absence from work were evaluated. An early worsening of facial muscle strength was observed in controls, leading to the divergence in the trends of the grading scores in the two groups; this result was not confirmed in the long-term follow-up. Treated patients returned to work earlier than controls. In conclusion, early treatment based on high-dose corticosteroids slightly accelerates spontaneous improvement in Bell's palsy.
Otitis media with effusion: An update; Otitis media with effusion (OME) is a very common condition seen in children, and is the commonest cause of hearing loss in an infant. It is also a fairly common condition encountered by the family practitioner, and often the family practitioner is the first doctor the parents bring the child to. Otitis media with effusion is a simple condition but, if left undiagnosed or untreated, can lead to preventable long-term consequences. Hence, a high index of suspicion is necessary, early and accurate diagnosis, prompt treatment, with close follow-up is of essence. The epidemiology, aetiological factors, clinical presentations, diagnosis, various medical and surgical options, cost-effectiveness of therapy and the impact of OME on the child's development are discussed.
Late metastasis of breast adenocarcinoma into internal auditory canal and cerebellopontine angle: case report.; A case of metastasis of breast adenocarcinoma into the internal auditory canal (IAC) and cerebellopontine angle (CPA) is presented, which appeared 16 years after primary tumor had been treated by surgery and radiation therapy. The 66-year old patient was considered cured from the primary disease, when she started with a rapidly developing hearing loss and intermittent facial palsy. Magnetic resonance image (MRI) displayed an intra- and extracanalicular tumor mass, which radiologically resembled a vestibular schwannoma. Surgery was performed and histopathological studies showed an adenocarcinoma compatible with breast origin. Metastasis is a rare occurrence within the IAC and CPA. Clinical history of severe facial palsy will rise suspicion of malignant tumor in spite of the radiological findings.
Heerfordt syndrome; The Heerfordt syndrome is characterized by fever, uveitis, swelling of parotid gland and facial nerve palsy, and 53 cases have been reported in Japan until 2000. In the present review, we mainly focused on those clinical cases reported. Most patients were between 20 and 40 years of age, and females appeared to have greater risk than males. The definite diagnosis of this syndrome is established histologically according to sarcoidosis. In addition 67 gallium scan is helpful for diagnosis, and it shows increased uptake of Ga to the ophthal lesion, parotid glands and hilar lesions. Therapeutic trial with prednisolone is sometimes required especially for facial palsy.
Treatment of Bell's palsy with acyclovir and methylprednisolone; OBJECTIVE: An open therapeutic trial was conducted in patients with Bell's palsy. Results were compared with data in the literature.MATERIALS AND METHODS: Between 1997 and 2000, 76 patients with Bell's palsy were treated with intravenous methylprednisolone (2 mg/kg/day) and acyclovir (5-10 mg/kg/8 hours) for 7 days. Treatment was initiated in all patients before the 14th day of illness. Severity of the palsy was scored on the first day of treatment and again one year later using the House and Brackman scale.RESULTS: Grade II or III palsy were observed in 38% of the patients at initial presentation, grades IV to VI in 62%. After treatment, 92% of the patients had reverted to grades I and II (good outcome) and only 8% had sequelae at 1-year follow-up. All patients with initial grade I or II recovered completely. For patients with grade IV, V, or VI complete recovery at 1 year was observed in 94, 86 and 50% respectively.CONCLUSION: Data in the literature suggest that corticosteroids should improve recovery in Bell's plasy. In our study, adjunction of acyclovir did not demonstrate any clear improvement in the cure rate. Benefit could depend on early prescription.
Bilateral lagophthalmos in lepromatous leprosy. Case report; CASE REPORT: A case of bilateral facial palsy with paralytic ectropion, lagophthalmos and corneal damage secondary to corneal exposure in a long-standing patient with lepromatous leprosy is presented. Correction of paralytic ectropion was performed by medial cantoplasty, tarsal strip and Medpor lower eyelid spacer implantation. Lagophthalmos was corrected by gold weight implant in the upper tarsus. DISCUSSION: Ocular findings in leprosy appear in 72% of patients. Facial nerve palsy occurs in 3-19.8%, being bilateral in 5%. In long standing cases with corneal complications secondary to exposure, surgical treatment is required.
Immediate facial nerve palsy following stapedectomy.; Iatrogenic facial nerve palsy following stapedectomy is a rare but devastating complication. The authors describe a case of a 20-year-old man who presented for legal advice concerning an immediate facial nerve palsy following a left stapedectomy. The incidence, management and prognosis of such injuries are discussed. Copyright 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel
Retinal arteritis in a case of sarcoidosis. A case report; Retinal vasculitis is a common finding and occurs in 10% - 83% of patients with sarcoidosis. In most cases, there are bilateral, peripheral and nonischemic periphlebitis. In contrast, periarterial involvement is rarely observed. We report a case of retinal vasculitis associated with sarcoidosis and its differential diagnosis. Sarcoidosis should not be excluded in case of periarteritis.
Peripheral facial palsy; Peripheral facial palsy (PFP) is commonest a idiopathic condition, Bell's palsy, often with a good prognosis. Nevertheless an accurate diagnosis is very important, in the most of cases it can be made on the basis of clinical evaluation. In this article the author emphasises the relevant role of general practitioner who take a practical approach with a early effective prescription. It is important to remind uncommon forms of PFP with others symptoms and abnormalities on neurological examination, that has different aetiology, and require always an approach by neurologist.
Bilateral hemifacial spasm: Eight personal case reports; Introduction. Hemifacial spasms consist in tonic-clonic, involuntary, asymmetrical and asynchronous contractions in the territory innerved by the facial nerve. Several different causes may give rise to this disorder, the most frequent of which are vascular abnormalities in the cerebellopontine angle. Its clinical features and electrophysiological studies are commonly used in diagnosis and its etiological diagnosis is most frequently performed by means of magnetic resonance imaging. Symptoms are treated using local injections of Botulinum toxin Type A in the affected muscles. Aims. To review our experience in the handling of this pathological condition and to determine the results of employing Botulinum toxin. Patients and methods. We describe the cases of bilateral hemifacial spasms that have been diagnosed in the Virgen Macarena Hospital in Seville and La Fe in Valencia since 1980, as well as the follow-up after treatment with Botulinum toxin. Results. We describe eight cases of this pathological condition in which patients were treated with Botulinum toxin, and in all cases there was an improvement in the symptoms. Conclusions. Treatment with Botulinum toxin is considered to be satisfactory and provides a marked improvement in the patients' quality of life.
Towards evidence based emergency medicine: best BETs from the Manchester Royal Infirmary. Electrical stimulation and Bell's palsy.; A short cut review was carried out to establish whether electrical stimulation had any advantages over facial exercises in promoting recovery after Bell's palsy. Altogether 270 papers were found using the reported search, of which one presented the best evidence to answer the clinical question. The author, date, and country of publication, patient group studied, study type, relevant outcomes, results, and study weaknesses of this best paper are tabulated. A clinical bottom line is stated.
Peripheral nervous system manifestations of lyme borreliosis; Lyme disease is a tick-borne illness that has protean neurologic manifestations involving both the central and peripheral nervous system. The peripheral nervous system manifestations of Lyme borreliosis can be divided chronologically into acute and chronic forms. Within weeks after disease onset, approximately 15% of untreated patients develop an acute Lyme meningoradiculoneuritis with headache, fever, radicular pain, weakness, and sensory loss, often associated with cranial neuropathy, usually facial palsy. Cerebrospinal fluid typically shows lymphocytic pleocytosis, high protein, and normal glucose. Diagnosis is made by recognition of characteristic clinical features with a history of preceding exposure and confirmed by serologic evidence of exposure to B. burgdorferi or by antibody or PCR evidence of cerebrospinal fluid infection. Months to years after onset, rare patients may develop chronic polyradiculoneuropathy presenting with sensory symptoms or radicular pain. Diagnosis is confirmed by a history of exposure, previous systemic or acute neurologic manifestations of Lyme borreliosis, and serologic evidence of infection. Pathology of acute or chronic Lyme radiculoneuropathy reveals axonal degeneration with perivascular mononuclear infiltration. Eradication of the organism can be achieved with 2 to 4 weeks of ceftriaxone for both acute and chronic Lyme neuroborreliosis. Isolated facial palsy without evidence of cerebrospinal fluid infection can be treated with oral antibiotics such as doxycycline. Prognosis after therapy is good, but neurologic recovery is slower for chronic than acute Lyme radiculoneuropathy. Copyright © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Phase II trial of recombinant human interleukin-4 in patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma: A Southwest Oncology Group Study; Advanced renal cell carcinoma is a chemoresistant disease. Immunotherapy with alpha interferon or interleukin (IL)-2 has produced response rates of approximately 15%, but better treatments are needed. IL-4 is a cytokine produced by activated CD4+ lymphocytes and has pluripotent activities including inhibiting the in vitro proliferation of human renal cell carcinoma cell lines. In this trial, patients were required to have a histologic diagnosis of renal cell adenocarcinoma with measurable disease and performance status (SWOG) of 0-1. Patients had to have adequate bone marrow, renal, and hepatic function as well as no clinically significant pulmonary or cardiac dysfunction. IL-4 was given by subcutaneous injection at a dose of 5 μg/kg/d, daily for 28 days followed by a 7-day rest period. Fifty-eight patients were registered with seven patients ineligible and two patients not analyzable because they did not receive treatment. In the 49 eligible and analyzable patients, there were no confirmed complete or partial responses. There was one unconfirmed partial response in retrocaval lymph nodes, but no verifying measurement was done. There were seven patients with stable disease, no response, 25 with increasing disease/progression, and 16 patients whose assessment was inadequate to determine response. The median time to progression was 3 months, and the median survival was 13 months. Toxicity was significant with the most common side effects nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea, followed by headache/pain and malaise/fatigue/lethargy. There were 13 instances of grade 4 toxicity that occurred in nine different patients. Unique toxicities included Bell's palsy in three patients and hypoglycemia in a previously well-controlled diabetic. Despite promising growth inhibitory and immunologic effects, IL-4 in this dose and schedule is not useful for the treatment of patients with disseminated renal cell carcinoma.
A case of infant diagnosed as sarcoidosis with bilateral optic nerves swelling; A 11-year-old boy presented with bilateral proroptosis since 2 months before. He had right facial palsy 14 months before, which improved 2 months later. His visual acuity was normal in either eye. Funduscopy showed marked swelling of the optic disc in both eyes. Fluorescein angioraphy showed compatible findings. Computerized tomography showed bilateral swelling of the optic nerve. Critical flicker fusion frequency was slightly decreased with both eyes. His visual acuity decreased to 0.7 right and 0.4 left 8 days after his initial visit. He was diagnosed with sarcoidosis after biopsy of pigmented nevus in his hand showed characteristic granuloma. Peroral prednisolone was followed by improvement of optic disc swelling 2 weeks later. Facial palsy and proptosis improved another 2 weeks later. It appeared optic disc swelling was induced by impaired axonal transport due to sarcoid granuloma.
Adjuvant therapies in children undergoing adenotonsillectomy; Objective: To review adjuvant therapies used in children undergoing adenotonsillectomy, addressing several areas of controversy. Study Design: Review. Methods: Studies of perioperative injection of local anesthetic agents, postoperative use of antibiotics, perioperative use of intravenously administered steroids, and pain management in adenotonsillectomy were reviewed. Results: Controversy exists about all adjuvant therapies discussed. Injection of local anesthetics may reduce pain and bleeding but has been associated with several serious side effects. Most patients receive antibiotics postoperatively, but no consensus exists about the agent of choice or duration of its use and there is concern about development of bacterial resistance. A meta-analysis found that children given steroids perioperatively were less likely to have an episode of emesis, but the analysis could not assess the role of steroids in pain control because of a lack of data. The effectiveness of acetaminophen alone compared with acetaminophen plus a narcotic for analgesia after adenotonsillectomy is controversial. Conclusion: Adjuvant therapies have many possible benefits for children undergoing adenotonsillectomy, but otolaryngologists must make careful choices about these treatments.
Combined therapy with surgery and stereotactic radiosurgery for facial schwannoma: Case report; The authors report the successful case of combined therapy using surgery and stereotactic radiosurgery for facial schwannoma in the middle cranial fossa, and discuss the surgical strategy for preservation of facial nerve function. This 27-year-old man presented with a 9-year history of right facial palsy and spasm. CT scan and MR imaging demonstrated a tumor 3 x 3 x 4 cm in size extending to the intradural middle cranial fossa from the petrous bone. After total removal of the intradural tumor, gamma knife radiosurgery was performed for residual tumor in the petrous bone. The marginal dose to the tumor was 12 Gy. Facial spasm disappeared, but facial palsy is unchanged 14 months after the radiosurgery.
Cerebral melioidosis in Singapore: A review of five cases; A variety of neurological manifestations of infection with Burkholderia pseudomallei have been described including cerebral abscesses, which are a well-recognized form of neurological melioidosis. The optimal antibiotic therapy for this condition has not been defined; however, combinations of intravenous antibiotics are frequently used in the early stages. Five cases of melioidosis involving brain abscesses are described which presented in Singapore over the past 3 years (1997-2000), 4 of which cases had evidence of disseminated infection. Despite profound neurological deficits and low Glasgow Coma Scale scores at presentation in 3 of these cases, all survived after surgical drainage and prolonged courses of intravenous ceftazidime or imipenem, and only 2 of whom had residual neurological impairment. One incidental finding on computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans not described before as an association with cerebral melioidosis was sinusitis in 4 out of the 5 cases.
A case of Wegener's granulomatosis; We present a case of Wegener's granulomatosis in which otitis media symptoms masked the disease in first phases. Progressive, unilateral hearing loss, almost deafness, together with facial nerve paresis allowed us to make proper diagnosis and apply therapy.
5-y follow-up study of patients with neuroborreliosis; The objective of this follow-up study was to determine the long-term outcome of strictly classified cases of neuroborreliosis treated with antibiotics. A 1-y prospective population-based survey of Lyme borreliosis was conducted in southern Sweden between 1992 and 1993. A total of 349 identified cases with suspected neuroborreliosis were followed up 5 y later. Medical records were reviewed and all participants filled in a questionnaire. Of those patients classified with definite neuroborreliosis, 114/130 completed the follow-up, of whom 111 had completed the initial antibiotic treatment. Of the 114 patients followed up, 86 (75%) had recovered completely and 70 (61%) had recovered within 6 months. Residual neurological symptoms, such as facial palsy, concentration disorder, paresthesia and/or neuropathy, were reported by 28/114 patients. No significant differences between different antibiotic treatments were observed in terms of the occurrence of sequelae. To conclude, we found that 25% (95% confidence interval 17-33%) of the patients suffered from residual neurological symptoms 5 y post-treatment. However, the clinical outcome of treated neuroborreliosis is favorable as only 14/114 (12%) patients had sequelae that influenced their daily activities post-treatment. Early diagnosis and treatment would seem to be of great importance in order to avoid such sequelae.
Facial palsy, an unusual presenting feature of childhood leukemia; Facial paralysis is not a well-recognized presenting feature of leukemia in children. We present two infants and one older child in whom the initial manifestation of their leukemia was lower motor neuron facial paresis. Initial diagnosis in all the patients was Bell's palsy. The presence of Bell's palsy in young children requires a complete evaluation, including consideration of leptomeningeal disease. Leukemic children presenting with cranial neuropathy require intensive central nervous system therapy. Copyright © 2002 Elsevier Science Inc.
Facial nerve paralysis due to chronic otitis media; Objective: To present the characteristics of facial paralysis caused by chronic otitis media. The role of cholesteatoma, bony dehiscence, the duration of the disease, and the results of surgical therapy in facial paralysis were reviewed. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Setting: Tertiary care referral center. Patients: A total of 24 patients (6 women, 18 men; age range, 17-74 yr) with facial paralysis were included in the study. Intervention: Canal wall down mastoidectomy was performed in 14 patients (58.3%), modified radical mastoidectomy was performed in seven patients (25%), and intact canal wall mastoidectomy was performed in three patients (16.7%). All patients had decompression of the fallopian canal from the geniculate ganglion to the stylomastoid foramen without opening the epineural sheath. Results: Eighteen patients (75%) had gradual onset of facial paralysis. The most common associated symptom with facial paralysis was vertigo in six patients. Twelve patients (50%) had no associated symptoms. Facial paralysis was the sole complication in 21 patients (87.9%). Three patients had multiple complications. Labyrinthitis was the most common associated complication. Facial paralysis was associated with congenital cholesteatoma in one patient. Fourteen patients (58.3%) demonstrated dramatic recovery within 3 months after surgery. Intraoperatively, cholesteatomas were found in 17 of the patients (70.8%). The fallopian canal was intact in four patients (none of them had a cholesteatoma), and 20 patients had bone destruction or dehiscence (three patients had no cholesteatoma). The tympanic segment was the most common site of involvement in 14 patients (58.3%). Conclusion: A middle ear cholesteatoma was present in the majority of patients with facial paralysis caused by chronic otitis media. Gradual onset of facial paralysis was the most frequent pattern. Facial paralysis presented poor prognosis regardless of the presence of a cholesteatoma. There was no statistical difference among the results of surgical techniques.
Arachnoid cyst of the fallopian canal: A surgical challenge; Objective: Spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leaks from the fallopian canal are exceedingly rare, with only 6 reports appearing in the world literature. We report a seventh case that is unique in that it involves an arachnoid cyst of the fallopian canal and an associated facial nerve palsy. Study Design: Case report. Setting: International tertiary care referral center. Conclusion: CSF otorhinorrhea associated with a facial nerve palsy may be indicative of an arachnoid cyst of the fallopian canal. These fistula are extremely rare. Surgical management involves sealing the fistula while preserving facial nerve function and is extremely challenging.
Chickenpox and the geniculate ganglion: Facial nerve palsy, Ramsay Hunt syndrome and acyclovir treatment; Facial nerve palsy has long been considered to have an infectious etiology. Recent diagnostic analyses in children and adults have provided convincing evidence that reactivation of varicella-zoster virus (VZV), sometimes during infectious mononucleosis, can lead to cranial nerve VII palsy. The site of reactivation from latency is the geniculate ganglion. Virus most likely enters the ganglion during chickenpox, via the sensory branches of the facial nerve located on the ear and tongue. Retrospective reviews suggest that patients with VZV-related facial nerve palsy have poorer outcomes than other cases of Bell's palsy. Therefore treatment with acyclovir is suggested when VZV reactivation is likely.
Neurological sequelae of acute otitis media in a six-month-old baby - Facial nerve palsy: A case report; Acute Otitis Media (AOM) is common among children. It almost always resolves completely with no sequelae. In unusual cases, however, bacterial resistance to antibiotics, disordered host immunity or anatomical deficits may lead to severe complications including facial nerve palsy. Prompt treatment by drainage and appropriate antibiotics is required for recovery from facial nerve palsy.
Cranial nerve lesions and abnormal visually evoked potentials associated with the M694V mutation in familial Mediterranean fever; A 52-year-old Turkish man with familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) due to the homozygous M694V mutation in the MEFV-gene on chromosome 16p13.3, newly developed hemicrania, blurred and double vision, ptosis, ophthalmoparesis and peripheral facial nerve palsy. Except for double vision, all the other abnormalities disappeared spontaneously within 10 days after onset. Markedly prolonged latencies of the visually evoked potentials were also found. At follow-up, 8 months after onset of the neurological abnormalities, right-sided bradydiadochokinesia, right-sided discrete weakness and right-sided hypaesthesia were found. After the exclusion of other hereditary fever syndromes, migraine, stroke, Molaret's meningitis, Behqet's syndrome and mitochondriopathy by clinical, serological, CSF investigations, funduscopy, electroencephalography, and cerebral MRI and MRI angiography, the described neurological abnormalities were regarded as CNS and PNS manifestation of vasculitis or amyloidosis in FMF.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: report of a familial case; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome keeps on being a very unknown disease in our days in its etiology, prognosis and treatment. The limited prevalency of this entity makes in a great number of cases, diagnosis delates, specially when the disease doesn't manifestate in its complete presentation, characterized by the association of recurrent orofacial swelling, peripheral facial palsy and plicated tongue. In this article, we report a classic case of this neuro-muco-cutaneous disease, whose diagnosis delated, perhaps, because we loose the global dimention of the patient.
Study on neurotic function repair after serious brain injury treated by multipolar brain reflex instrument; Objective: Study on treated effect of neurotic function defect and treated mechanism of multipolar brain refltex instrument for serious brain injury. Methods: The patients were randomly divided into 2 groups: treated group were treated by multipolar brain refltex instrument. The statistics analysis and study were putted in average value of summation, consciousness, level fix function, facial paralysis, language, muscle force of upper limbs, muscle force of hands, muscle force of lower limbs and walking ability. Result: The consciousness, language, muscle force of upper and lower limbs had obvious ameliorated, average values of score were prominent decrease (P < 0.05) after treatment. Conclusion: Multipolar brain reflex instrument have finer curative effect on symptom of neurotic function which the patients of serious brain injury have produced defect especially in the consciousness, limbs activity and language.
Secretory function of the salivary gland in patients with taste disorders or xerostomia: Correlation with zinc deficiency; A notable proportion of patients with taste disorders complain of xerostomia and when zinc is prescribed the xerostomia is often improved in conjunction with the taste disorder. To study the relationship between taste disorders, zinc deficiency and xerostomia, we measured salivary gland function and zinc levels in 93 patients with hypogeusia and/or xerostomia and 60 patients with unilateral acute peripheral facial palsy who served as controls. We then prescribed zinc for patients with low serum zinc levels and evaluated xerostomia and taste sensation after 6 months of this treatment. The salivary gland secretory ratio (SGSR), determined by dynamic salivary 99mTc scintigraphy, was found to be an objective measure of salivary gland function and was reduced in patients with xerostomia. Patients with salivary gland dysfunction also had abnormal morphology of the papillae of the tongue. No significant relation was found between the severity of taste disorders and SGSR values, but low SGSR values were found in patients with zinc deficiency. Patients with taste disorders and/or xerostomia who were treated with zinc had relief of symptoms at 6 months, indicating that both taste disorders and xerostomia are among the symptoms of zinc deficiency.
Solitary borrelial lymphocytoma in adult patients; During the period from 1986 to 2000, 85 adult patients with solitary borrelial lymphocytoma were diagnosed at the Department of Infectious Diseases, University Medical Centre Ljubljana, Slovenia. There were 36 (42.4%) females and 49 (57.6%) males with a median age of 49 (15-74) years. Borrelial lymphocytoma was located on the breast (nipple - areola mammae region) in 68 (80%) patients, on the ear lobe in eight (9.4%), and in other locations in nine (10.6%). A concomitant erythema migrans enabling clinical diagnosis of Lyme borreliosis was registered or reported in 67 (78.8%) patients. Fifteen (17.6%) patients had no accompanying symptoms, 34 (40%) reported local and constitutional symptoms, 23 (27.1%) recounted only local symptoms, and 13 (15.3%) patients had solely constitutional symptoms. Clinical findings indicating early disseminated borrelial infection were observed at the first visit in 12 (14.1%) patients: six (7.1%) had multiple erythema migrans, one had meningitis, one meningoradiculitis and arthritis, one radiculoneuritis and arthritis, one peripheral facial palsy and concomitant meningitis, and two arthritis. In addition, one of the patients with borrelial lymphocytoma on the breast had acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans. A seropositive response to borrelial antigens was found in 30 (35.3%) patients at the initial examination. In 11/46 (23.9%) patients, infection with Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato was confirmed by isolation of the agent from lymphocytoma tissue. Eight out of nine (88.9%) typed borrelial strains were found to be B. afzelii, and one (11.1%) B. bissettii. Patients were treated with doxycycline, azithromycin, amoxycillin, cefuroxime-axetil, phenoxymethylpenicillin, or ceftriaxone. Median time to complete disappearance of lymphocytoma was 28 days (range 7-270 days) after the institution of antibiotic treatment; disappearance took longer in patients with prolonged duration of the skin lesion prior to treatment. Treatment failure was registered in 11 (12.9%) patients who were later re-treated. The outcome of borrelial infection assessed at the end of a follow-up period of one year was favourable.
Masked pseudomonal skull base osteomyelitis presenting with a bilateral Xth cranial nerve palsy; Skull base osteomyelitis classically presents as a complication of severe external otitis, middle ear, mastoid or sinus infection and can lead to multiple lower cranial nerve palsies when the jugular foramen is involved as a consequence of widespread involvement of the skull base. Bilateral skull base osteomyelitis is a recognized phenomenon, but has not previously been reported secondary to pseudomonal infection in the absence of a clinically obvious focus of infection. We report the case of a 77-year-old diabetic patient who presented with dysphonia and dysphagia and had a bilateral Xth cranial nerve palsy. No focus of infection was evident on presentation. Subsequent radiological investigation confirmed the diagnosis of bilateral skull base osteomyelitis.
The effect of hyperbaric oxygen on nasal mucociliary transport; Nasal mucociliary transport was measured in a group of 30 adult patients (eight women and 22 men; age range 21-78 years, mean 47.9 years) treated with hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) therapy and in a control group of 32 adult subjects (two women and 30 men; age range 20-50 years, mean 32.0 years) compressed in a hyperbaric chamber without oxygen therapy. The treated patients breathed 100% oxygen at 250 kPa pressure for 60 min. Subjects from the control group were compressed in the hyperbaric chamber at 250 kPa for 70 min. Nasal mucociliary transport was measured with the saccharin clearance test. After exposure to HBO, the nasal mucociliary transport time was significantly decreased by 26% (P < 0.01) and returned to the original value after 24 h (increased by 8.3%, P = 0.25). In the control group, compressed in air, there were no statistically significant changes. This study shows that simultaneous compression and pure oxygen cause an increase in nasal mucociliary transport. The mechanism of activation of mucociliary clearance is probably the increased oxygenation of blood plasma and enhancement of metabolism in ciliated epithelium.
Contralateral neurologic deficits following microvascular decompression surgery - A case report; Microvascular decompression (MVD) surgery for trigeminal neuralgia (Jannetta operation) is common in our institution, and postoperative complications are uncommon. However, a 46 year-old obese female who underwent MVD surgery for right trigeminal neuralgia suffered from postoperative neurologic deficits consisting of left facial palsy, left total deafness, weakness and numbness of the left arm, and unsteady gait. Here, we bring forth the patient's postoperative events, such as delayed emergence, postoperative convulsions, pneumocephalus, and probable causes of the neurologic deficits for discussion.
Facial paralysis in pregnancy; Facial paralysis in the third trimester of pregnancy and in the immediate post-partum period was observed in four patients. The paralysis was of the lower motor neuron type, The clinical presentation, investigation, treatment modality, sequele with a review of literature is being presented.
Hypothyroidism in a boxer dog; A 6-year-old boxer was presented with head tilt and facial nerve paralysis. Hypothyroidism was diagnosed and treated appropriately. Hypothyroidism can have an affect on almost any organ system, so the practitioner must be familiar with all clinical signs in order to select appropriate tests and treatment.
Dural herniations, encephaloceles: An index of neglected chronic otitis media and further complications; A retrospective review of 110 consecutive cases of chronic otitis media surgery was carried out in a large metropolitan public teaching hospital in the United States that serves the inner-city population. The purpose was to identify dural herniations and encephaloceles (DHE) as well as complications associated with these entities. Twenty-nine such patients (26.4%) were identified, 7 of which (6.4%) were encephaloceles. In patients with DHE, cholesteatoma was found in 83%, a labyrinthine fistula in 48%, preoperative facial paralysis in 14% (4 patients), facial nerve involvement by cholesteatoma in 24%, and suppurative intracranial complications in 21%. DHEs were repaired through the mastoid, via a mini-craniotomy or a formal middle cranial fossa approach. The incidence of DHEs in this patient population is very high, which reflects neglected chronic ear disease. The associated complications require extensive surgery for eradication, and the potential for morbidity and mortality is significant. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
A motion estimation method for incipient facial paralysis based on GAOF; The motion estimation of facial paralysis is a key technique for the diagnosis and evaluation of incipient facial paralysis. In this paper, a novel method is developed to implement the motion estimation of incipient facial paralysis based on GAOF (Optical Flow Method based on Genetic Algorithm). Using this method, the motion vector distribution, features and dynamic pattern were assessed from the dynamic facial image sequences, allowing diagnosis of the site of incipient facial paralysis and assess progression or recovery profiles of patients. Experimental results of some normal and abnormal subjects are reported verifying that this method is effective in the determination of the sites of incipient facial paralysis and quantitative evaluation of recovery process. Compared with other methods, this approach has more advantages such as objectivity, accuracy and convenience for dynamic patterns.
Acute mastoiditis - A review of four cases; Four children, aged one to two years with acute mastoiditis are reported. They were treated at the Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Nakagami Hospital from 1999 to 2000. All patients had otalgia, postauricular swelling and high fever, but there were no intracranial complications such as facial paralysis, meningitis. All patients were treated with intravenous antibiotic therapy and myringotomy. But mastoidectomy was not perfomed in any of the patients.
The use of Yin Tui Na and stomach channel acupuncture points in the treatment of facial immobility in Parkinson's disease; A single case study of a patient with 25 years of facial immobility from Parkinson's disease (PD) treated with Yin Tui Na on his right foot followed by acupuncture on the right foot. Full facial expression returned. Also a brief survey of changes in facial expression in a group of forty two subjects with PD, twenty three of whom could not smile before treatment, and all of whom could smile following foot treatment with Yin Tui Na and, in many cases, foot acupuncture.
Delayed facial palsy after resection of vestibular schwannoma; Object. In this study the authors investigate delayed facial palsy (DFP), which is an underreported phenomenon after surgery for vestibular schwannoma (VS). The authors identified 15 (4.8%) patients from a consecutive series of 314 who underwent surgery for VS between 1988 and 2000, and in whom DFP developed. Delayed facial palsy was defined as a deterioration of facial nerve function from House-Brackmann Grades 1 or 2 more than 3 days postoperatively. Methods. All patients underwent intraoperative neurophysiological monitoring of facial nerve function. The average latency of DFP was 10.9 days (range 4-30 days). In six patients (40%) minor deterioration (≤ two House-Brackmann grades) had occurred at a mean of 10.2 days postsurgery, whereas in nine patients (60%) moderate deterioration (≥ three House-Brackmann grades) had occurred at a mean of 11.8 days postoperatively. Five (33%) of 15 patients recovered to Grade 1 of 2 function within 6 weeks of DFP onset. Of the 15 patients with DFP, 14 had completed 1 year of follow up at the time of this study. Twelve (80%) of these 15 patients recovered to Grade 1 or 2 function within 3 months, and 13 (93%) of 14 patients recovered within 1 year. In all cases, stimulation of the seventh cranial nerve on completion of tumor resection revealed the nerve to be intact, both anatomically and functionally, to proximal and distal stimulation at 0.1 mA. A smaller tumor diameter correlated with greater recovery of facial nerve function. There was no correlation between the latency or severity of or recovery from DFP, and the patient's age or sex, the surgical approach, frequency of neurotonic seventh nerve discharges, anatomical relationship of the facial nerve to the tumor, patient's history of tobacco use, or cardiovascular disease. Conclusions. It appears that DFP is an uncommon consequence of surgery for VS. Although excellent recovery of facial nerve function to its original postoperative status nearly always occurs after DFP, the magnitude and time course of the disorder were not predictors for subsequent recovery of facial nerve function.
Special forms of acupuncture (1); In addition to the 12 main meridians (paths of conductance), TCM also describes tiny collateral connection paths, so-called extraordinary conductors (vessels) and the tendinomuscular conductors. Corresponding to the 12 main conductors, we know 12 tendinomuscular conductors with specific properties. We consider diseases of the musculature, tendons and joints due to penetration of so-called pathogenic factors as an indication for use of the tendinomuscular meridians, by way of which we also treat surface diseases such as facial paralysis and trigeminus neuralgia. From studies done by Heine, we know that projection of the fascia perforations of classic acupuncture points onto the underlying muscles represent fasciomyotendinokinetic chains. The connecting line between the acupuncture points of such a chain corresponds exactly to the course of a meridian. Inserting an acupuncture needle therefore induces reflexive mechanisms in the nervous system.
Orbital apex syndrome: A rare presentation of extramedullary hematopoiesis: Case report and review of literature; We describe a case of compressive neuropathy in the orbital apex due to extramedullary hematopoiesis (EMH). A 64-year-old man with Polycythemia Rubra Vera developed unilateral visual loss, proptosis, complete ophthalmoplegia, and facial paresis. Bone marrow biopsy showed myelofibrosis. Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated enhancement at the orbital apex and subtle optic canal narrowing. Decompression of the optic nerve with biopsy of surrounding bone showed EMH. The patient received a course of radiation without benefit. We suggest including the diagnosis of EMH of the orbital apex bones in the differential diagnosis of patients with myeloproliferative disorders who develop an orbital apex syndrome.
Patients of Southern Asian descent treated with valsartan (POSATIV) study; Southern Asians in the UK have a substantially increased (50%) risk of coronary heart disease compared with the general population, in part due to a high prevalence of hypertension and diabetes. This patient group has not been specifically studied in a clinical trial using modern antihypertensive therapy such as the angiotensin II receptor antagonists (AIIRAs). A multi-centre, double-blind, randomised, parallel-group study compared the effects of treatment with valsartan 80 mg once daily (o.d.) with control therapy (bendrofluazide 2.5 mg o.d.) in 116 patients with mild hypertension (diastolic blood pressure [DBP] ≥ 90 mmHg and ≤ 105 mmHg) after a four-week run-in period. Sitting blood pressure was measured at baseline (end of run-in) and after four and eight weeks of treatment using the OMRON automatic oscillometric blood pressure monitor. The study medication dosage was doubled if patients had < 4 mmHg decrease in DBP after four weeks. Compared with the control group (n=62), the addition of valsartan 80/160 mg o.d. (n=51) resulted in a significantly greater reduction in blood pressure at eight weeks (mean change in blood pressure -15.6 mmHg [95% CI -19.9 to -11.2 mmHg] for systolic blood pressure [SBP] and -9.3 mmHg [95% CI -11.8 to -6.8 mmHg] for DBP; p<0.001). Both treatments were well tolerated. Valsartan is effective and well tolerated, and would be an appropriate treatment option in Southern Asian hypertensive patients.
Peak flow and peak cough flow in the evaluation of expiratory muscle weakness and bulbar impairment in patients with neuromuscular disease; Objective: To study the expiratory muscle force and the ability to cough estimated by the peak expiratory flow and peak cough flow in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Design: A total of 27 patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and 52 patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy were studied. From the group of 144 normal subjects of this laboratory, we selected 38 for comparison. Results: The maximal inspiratory pressure in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis was 64.5 ± 24.7% and 37.8 ± 21.8%, respectively, and maximal expiratory pressure was 64.2 ± 32.5% and 37.7 ± 21.6%, respectively. Patient groups showed a significant lower peak expiratory flow than normal subjects. Higher peak cough flow than peak expiratory flow was found in all groups. The peak cough flow-peak expiratory flow difference was 46 ± 18% in normal subjects, 43 ± 23% in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and 11 ± 17% in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The peak expiratory flow and peak cough flow were not different in bulbar onset amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. In patient groups, the dynamic and static behavior correlated positively. Conclusions: These results suggest that peak cough flow-peak expiratory flow is useful to monitor expiratory muscle weakness and bulbar involvement and to assess its evolution in these patients.
Testosterone treatment attenuates the effects of facial nerve transection on glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) levels in the hamster facial motor nucleus; Testosterone propionate (TP) administration coincident with facial nerve injury accelerates the recovery rate from facial muscle paralysis in the hamster. One mechanism by which TP could augment peripheral nerve regeneration is through glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) regulation in the facial motor nucleus. In a previous study, axotomy alone induces increases in GFAP mRNA, with TP significantly attenuating the axotomy-induced increases in GFAP mRNA. In the present study, immunoblotting techniques were used to extend our previous GFAP mRNA studies to the protein level. Castrated male hamsters were subjected to a right facial nerve transection, with half of the animals receiving subcutaneous implants of 100% crystalline TP. The left facial motor nucleus of each animal served as an internal control. Postoperative survival times include Days 4, 7, and 14. In non-TP-treated animals, facial nerve transections alone increased GFAP levels at all time points, relative to internal controls. As previously observed at the mRNA level, TP treatment attenuated but did not eliminate the axotomy-induced increase in GFAP levels at all time points tested. These results suggest that the regulatory actions of gonadal steriods on GFAP expression manifested in parallel at the mRNA/protein levels.
Feline nasopharyngeal polyps; In summary, an ideal diagnostic plan for cats with suspected FNPs should include a thorough anesthetized oropharyngeal examination, otoscopic examination, and imaging studies, which may consist of a bulla radiographic series or specialized imaging studies such as CT or MR scans. In general, if signs indicative of otitis media are present, ventral bulla osteotomy should be advised. As a result of the distinct appearance of FNPs, a preoperative biopsy is not indicated in all instances but should be considered if there are atypical features to the history or presentation. Traction-avulsion of polyps through the external ear canal or auditory tube from the oropharynx may have a lower success rate than traction-avulsion combined with ventral bulla osteotomy. If the veterinarian opts to treat FNPs by traction-avulsion alone as a result of financial constraints imposed by the client, the client should be strongly cautioned regarding potential recurrence. Postoperative complications are possible with any treatment option, but neurologic impairment, including Horner's syndrome, facial neuropathy, and hypoglossal neuropathy, is significantly more likely after surgical intervention by ventral bulla osteotomy than after traction-avulsion alone. A high percentage of these complications are self-limiting. In all instances, appropriate culture and sensitivity and biopsy specimens should be collected so as to enable provision of appropriate postoperative care. Antibiotic therapy should be provided based on culture and sensitivity test results. The use of postoperative steroids to prevent recurrence is controversial.
Rhinocerebral mucormycosis: Case report; Rhinocerebral mucormycosis is a rare, fulminating opportunistic fungal infection caused by a fungus of the order mucorales. These fungi are ubiquitous, subsisting on decaying vegetation and diverse organic material. Although the fungi and spores of mucorales show minimal intrinsic pathogenicity towards normal persons, they can initiate aggressive and fulminating infection in the immune compromised host. Because rhinocerebral mucormycosis occurs infrequently it may pose a diagnostic and therapeutic dilemma for those who are not familiar with its clinical presentation. We present a patient with classical presentation of rhinocerebral mucormycosis involving the paranasal sinuses, the orbit and cranial base who, was treated by a combination of aggressive surgical and medical therapy and subsequently had surgical repair of the oral defect. The purpose of this presentation is to draw attention to the clinical presentation and pathogenesis of rhinocerebral mucormycosis and to emphasise the need for high index of suspicion in its diagnosis and management.
Retroauricular pain preceding Bell's palsy: Report of three cases and clinical analysis; A retroauricular pain (RAP) ipsilateral to the side of facial paralysis (FP), often experienced patients with Bell's palsy, usually occurs around the onset of FP. Whether RAP is a risk factor for incomplete recovery from FP is controversial. This paper reports three patients with Bell's palsy in whom acute RAP preceded FP by several days. The intervals between the onset of RAP and FP were 6, 12, and 12 days, and the quality of RAP was dull/tight or neuralgic. All patients received prednisolone and acyclovir orally, and their facial functions recovered within 8 weeks. Based on the serological tests, FP was diagnosed as due to varicella-zoster virus in two patients and as idiopathic in the other. Among 58 consecutive patients with Bell's palsy, including the three patients described, 26 (44.8%) experienced RAP, the onset of which ranged from 12 days before to 2 days after the onset of FP. While the prognosis of FP was not different between patients with and without RAP, FP recovered well in all seven patients in whom RAP preceded the onset of FP by 4 days or more. These findings suggest that RAP preceding by several days may predict the good prognosis of FP. As RAP can be a preceding symptom of acute FP, patients with acute RAP require medical attention for at least 2 weeks. © 2002 Tohoku University Medical Press.
Surgical decompression in Bell's palsy - Our viewpoint; Bell's palsy or acute idiopathic lower motor neuron facial palsy is a common cause of facial palsy seen in clinical practice. The cause of this disease is not exactly known though there are many theories regarding its etiology. In this article, we present the theory of "Tertiary ischaemia" in cases of persistent Bell's palsy. Our concept of Tertiary ischaemia is further supported by histological findings of the nerve sheath biopsy taken during surgical decompression in cases of Bell's palsy. The procedure of performing posterior tympanotomy and improving the exposure of the middle ear structures therein is also explained.
Evaluation with blink reflex to early peripheral facial palsy; Objective: To study the evaluation value of blink reflex (BR) in early peripheral facial palsy within 3 days from onset. Method: 60 healthy people and 32 cases of early facial palsy were tested with BR.. All cases were followed up until the 6th month. Result: We obtained BR normal values. The patients showed absent response, delayed latency or irregular response on the paretic side. The BR manifestations were correlated to the function of facial nerve. The cases with presence of BR response within 3 days recovered satisfactorily in 6 months. But only some of the cases with absence BR response had a bad outcome. Conclusion: BR is a very sensitive electrodiagnostic test to facial palsy. BR results can react the abnormality degree of facial nerve within 3 days of onset and it's also useful to predict the prognosis.
Salivary duct carcinoma of the parotid gland: Report of a case with skin involvement as the presenting sign; Salivary duct carcinomas are an uncommon but distinct group of highly malignant salivary gland tumours. They often carry a poor prognosis unless discovered early and managed aggressively with primary tumour resection, cervical neck dissection and radiotherapy. We report an unusual case of undiagnosed salivary duct carcinoma with a three-year-old facial nerve paralysis and endocranial metastases, revealed by its cutaneous involvement.
Vestibular rehabilitation: Critical decision analysis; Vestibular Rehabilitation Therapy (VRT) is used by audiologists, physical and occupational therapists, and physicians as an efficacious treatment and management strategy for patients with noncompensated vestibular dysfunction secondary to a vestibular disease or disorder. Although vestibular rehabilitation techniques were first reported over a half-century ago, it has been in the past decade that these techniques have become a widely accepted nonmedical or nonsurgical treatment strategy for patients with chronic and often debilitating symptoms. The use of diagnosis-based strategies or individualized and programmatic therapy protocols and programs has been documented as providing the best treatment outcomes. Critical decision analysis and clinical pathways provide a straightforward method for clinicians in the identification and treatment of this population.
Cheilitis granulomatosa: Overview of 13 patients with long-term follow-up - Results of management; Background: Cheilitis granulomatosa, often regarded as a subtype of orofacial granulomatosis, is characterized by recurrent or persistent swelling of one or both lips. Classically, a non-necrotizing granulomatous inflammation is seen at histologic examination. Although a relationship has been proposed between Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (and the monosymptomatic form, cheilitis granulomatosa) and Crohn's disease on the basis of the orofacial swelling and similar histology, several studies of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome have not found an association with Crohn's disease. Methods: The clinical features, histopathology, association with Crohn's disease, and results of nonsurgical and surgical therapy in 13 patients with cheilitis granulomatosa were investigated in a retrospective case study with a mean follow-up period of 8.2 years. Results: There was a low chance of developing Crohn's disease. Most patients in this study responded to nonsurgical treatment modalities. Patients with deterioration of lip swelling usually responded to intralesional injections with triamcinolone or to short courses of systemic glucocorticoids. Nonsteroidal systemic modalities, such as clofazimine, hydroxychloroquine, or sulfasalazine, were alternatives to glucocorticoid regimens, thus avoiding the long-term side effects of corticosteroids. Surgical intervention should only be performed in severely disfiguring cases. Conclusions: The management of cheilitis granulomatosa remains a challenge. As this study revealed a low chance of developing Crohn's disease, it does not seem justified to inform patients with cheilitis granulomatosa of the possibility that they might develop Crohn's disease. Patients with a negative history of gastrointestinal complaints should not be exposed to routine investigations of the gastrointestinal tract.
Neuroscience in ancient Egypt and in the school of Alexandria; Introduction. About five thousand years ago, one of the most ancient, important and enduring civilisations in the history of Mankind flourished on the banks of the Nile. In Egypt, all the branches of human knowledge attained a high degree of development and today it is considered the mother of medicine. Despite the marked religious component that affected all its activities, the medicine of the Pharaohs was practised in a rational and deductive manner, and the Egyptians were the inventors of clinical observation. Development. The desert climate of the Nile Valley has preserved monuments, mummies and papyruses which have enabled us to get a certain idea of the degree of development reached in medical matters. The aim of this work is to analyse them from a neuroscientific point of view. The anatomical discoveries of the Egyptians originated in the inspection of wounds and the practice of embalming. They came to know a large number of diagnoses and were able to prescribe many different forms of treatment. They also attained a certain proficiency in dealing with neurotraumatological patients. They practised anamnesis, prognostics and a regulated surgery that infrequently included trephination. Their conservatism meant that, after the Macedonian domination, the traditional Egyptian medicine was replaced the Greek medicinal arts, which reached their maximum period of splendour in the School of Alexandria, where Herophilus and Erasistratus, pioneers in the study of anatomy and brain circulation, were especially renowned. Conclusions. From the point of view of the neurosciences, the Egyptians were the first to describe the brain, migraine, epilepsy, strokes, tetanus, Bell's palsy and the sequelae of head injuries and of spinal transection. Their artwork sometimes shows neurological patients and, according to Herodotus, there were doctors who were specialised in 'head diseases' and could therefore be considered the precursors of our present-day neurologists.
Treatment of acoustic neuroma; Background. Acoustic neuroma is the most common tumour in the cerebello-pontine angle. Material and methods. We present the results after surgery in 99 cases, and the natural course of the disease in 82 patients followed for up to 20 years (mean 3 years). Results. During the observation period, 43% of the tumours increased in size. 36% of patients suffered increasing hearing loss. Total removal was accomplished in 92 cases. In 12 cases hearing preservation was attempted; successfully in five cases. 72 patients had normal or near normal postoperative facial nerve function, whereas 19 patients got a facial nerve paralysis. Two patients died, one because of haemorrhagic infarction and cerebellar swelling, and one because of ventricular fibrillation. Five patients had to be reoperated for CSF leakage. Interpretation: Acoustic neuroma treatment is still a challenge. We favour a team approach to treat this condition.
Anti-GT1a IgG in Guillain-Barré syndrome; Objective: To investigate the presence of serum anti-GT1a IgG in Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) and its relation to clinical manifestations. Background: Several patients with GBS and bulbar palsy have been reported to have serum anti-GT1a IgG. Most, however, also have anti-GQ1b IgG. A previous study failed to detect GT1a in human cranial nerves, but GQ1b was abundant in human ocular motor nerves. Whether anti-GT1a IgG itself determines the clinical manifestations is not yet clear. Methods: The association of clinical manifestations with the presence of anti-GT1a IgG and with its cross reactivity was investigated. An immunochemical study was performed to determine whether GT1a is present in human cranial nerves. Results: Anti-GT1a and anti-GQ1b IgG were positive in 10% and 9% respectively of 220 consecutive patients with GBS. Patients with anti-GT1a IgG often had cranial nerve palsy (ophthalmoparesis, 57%; facial palsy, 57%; bulbar palsy, 70%), and 39% needed artificial ventilation. These features were also seen in patients with anti-GQ1b IgG. There was no significant difference between the two groups with respect to the frequency of clinical findings. An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay showed that anti-GT1a IgG cross reacted with GQ1b in 75% of the patients, GD1a in 30%, GM1 in 20%, and GD1b in 20%. All five patients who carried anti-GT1a IgG that did not cross react with GQ1b had bulbar palsy, neck weakness, absence of sensory disturbance, and positive Campylobacter jejuni serology. Thin-layer chromatography with immunostaining showed that GT1a is present in human oculomotor and lower cranial nerves. Conclusions: These findings provide further evidence that anti-GT1a IgG itself can determine clinical manifestations. The distinctive clinical features of patients with anti-GT1a IgG without anti-GQ1b activity distinguish a specific subgroup within GBS.
Upper gastrointestinal tract Crohn's disease; The original description of regional ileitis, now known as Crohn's disease, emphasized involvement of the terminal ileum. Four decades ago colonic involvement with Crohn's disease was recognized as a relatively common occurrence. Now we recognize that Crohn's disease may involve virtually any location in the gastrointestinal tract, from mouth to anus. Involvement of the upper gastrointestinal tract, although relatively uncommon, is important to recognize, because it may result in atypical clinical presentations and may affect treatment decisions, both medical and surgical.
Facial nerve palsy in a thirteen-year-old male youth with Kawasaki disease; A 13-year-old male youth was hospitalized with Kawasaki disease. In the course of the disease he developed a facial nerve palsy and an aneurysm of the right coronary artery. After treatment with immunoglobulins both complications disappeared within 10 days and 1 month, respectively.
Swelling of the intratemporal facial nerve in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Although Ramsay Hunt syndrome is one of the most important diseases causing peripheral facial palsy, the detailed pathology of the disease in the intratemporal facial nerve remains unclear. The purpose of this study was to increase knowledge of the pathogenesis of the syndrome by means of surgical findings. Between April 1976 and March 1997 we performed subtotal decompression of the facial nerve in 74 patients with severe Ramsay Hunt syndrome. The grade of nerve swelling was assessed using a microscope and recorded in a standardized form. The relationships between nerve swelling, the timing of surgery and the swelling of each segment were analyzed. Pronounced neural swelling, involving the geniculate ganglion and the horizontal segment, was consistent finding in the acute phase. Although the incidence of pronounced swelling of the horizontal segment gradually declined with time after onset, in most cases nerve swelling persisted even beyond the 16th week after onset. These data suggest that diffuse viral neuritis occurs throughout the intratemporal facial nerve. We assume that the viral inflammatory swelling involving the geniculate ganglion and horizontal segment is mostly responsible for the acute facial palsy in the acute phase.
A case of Cheilitis granulomatosa; Cheilitis granulomatosa is a rare disorder of uncertain etiology and characterized by a recurrent orofacial swelling, which was described by Miescher in 1945 for the first time. Symptoms usually manifest during adolescence and initially transient, but subsequently a chronic progressive disability develops. No efficient mode of therapy is yet available. A 71-year-old woman presented with a prominent upper lip swelling which had persisted for more than 6 years. There were no fissuring of the tongue and facial palsy. Oral prednisone was instituted for 6 months with moderate clinical improvement. 2 years later, multiple biopsies were performed at the hard palate, gingiva, and inferior turbinate. And the specimens from the gingiva and inferior turbinate showed scattered non-caseating granulomas, consistent with 'Cheilitis Granulomatosa'. We present here our experience with long-term trial of oral corticosteroid in a 71-year-old woman with cheilitis granulomatosa who had suffered recurrent labial swelling.
Congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome associated with congenital constriction band syndrome; We report a 7-year-old boy with congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome and congenital constriction band syndrome. The former is a congenital neurologic syndrome characterized by pseudobulbar palsy, mental retardation, epilepsy, and bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria. The latter is a malformative disorder with digital ring constrictions and amputations, probably caused by early amnion rupture resulting in entanglement of fetal parts by amniotic strands. We believe that the combination of these two malformative disorders was not coincidental; instead, fetal circulatory disturbance related to chronic abruptio placentae could account for this combination.
Migratory oro-facial swelling: A rare form of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; A seventeen-year-old male presented with migratory oro-facial swelling. There was no history of facial paralysis or any abnormality of the tongue, detected. All laboratory investigations were normal. Despite the absence of classical triad, diagnosis of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome was made after histopathology. The diagnostic dilemma in such atypical cases is beingdiscussed. The role of serratiopeptidase in this syndrome looks promising.
Rhabdomyosarcoma of the ear presenting as acute mastoiditis with facial palsy; A case of Rhabdomyosarcoma of middle ear and mastoid with secondaries in the temporal lobe and cerebellum and facial palsy in a 16 year old male patient is reported. The patient presented with blood stained pus discharge from the right ear with earache, vomiting and vertigo for 15 days. There was right sided lower motor neurone type of facial palsy for two days. Histopathology of the excised mass showed features of Rhabdomyosarcoma. Disease was extensive when the patient was first seen with involvement of middle ear, mastoid and brain but duration of symptoms was short. The propensity for the tumours to mimic otitis media at presentation may delay the diagnosis and management.
Facial nerve paralysis in head injury; The aim of this study was to find the incidence of facial nerve paralysis, evaluate the site of injury and the degree of paralysis and to measure the outcome of medical as well as surgical theraphy. Five hundred patients were screened for the presence of facial nerve paralysis. The incidence was found to be 9.6%. The site of injury and the degree of paralysis were evaluated by topognostic test,HRCT(high resolution CT)and NET (nerve excitability test). Management was decided upon after considering various assessment method, the most important, being the NET. NET values were evaluated during the followup period and they were compared. The results suggested that patients with NET difference >3.5mA required surgical exploration otherwise there were little chances of recovery with medical therapy. Thus the degree of paralysis on neuro diagnostic test has a definite role in diagnosis, management and its influience on recovery of facial nerve paralysis.
Pain-free immunisation - The future of vaccine delivery; The last decade has seen an increasing interest in novel vaccine delivery systems, some with the potential to improve efficacy, safety profiles and standards of compliance. Traditional needle and syringe vaccinations are associated with unwanted infection in both patients and health care workers, while 'needlephobia' and discomfort reduce uptake rates, particularly in children. In the US alone, over a million people suffer injury or infection from needles and, as a result, require further treatment which is often costly. Improving the safety of prophylactic vaccine delivery is especially pertinent because the purpose of the treatment is to prevent disease. In many cases, parenteral immunisation has also failed to provide an effective method for stimulation of both arms of the immune system and the provision of mucosal or cell-madiated (cytotoxic lymphocytes and lymphatic immunity), as well as humoral responses (1).
The prognostic value of quantified MRI at an early stage of Bell's palsy; Objective: The aim of the study was to assess whether MRI has a prognostic value at an early stage of Bell's palsy. Material and Methods: Prospective, blinded study on 30 patients suffering from Bell's palsy, who came to hospital until the sixth day of illness, to receive high dosis steroid therapy. MRI was done on the first day of inpatient treatment as a gradient-echo-sequence with a slice thickness of 0.7 mm before and after i.v. administration of 0.1 mmol GdDTPA/kg weight. The signal intensity increase was evaluated quantitatively by region on interest (ROI). The results were compared to the clinical outcome and the results of electrophysiology. Results: The examinations of all patients could be evaluated. The 3 patients who developed a chronic facial paralysis were detected by MRI on the first day of inpatient treatment. The patients, who showed MR signs for an unfavorable course, had a highly significant pathologic compound muscle action potential (CMAP) as a result of the electrophysiologic measurement. Rather than using complex measurement procedures it is possible to obtain reliable prognostic information from just one measurement within the Internal auditory canal before and after i.v. administration of contrast. Conclusion: MRI has a prognostic value at an early stage of the illness. In the clinical setting this measurement is easy to perform, so that it is possible to obtain prognostic information at a stage when causal treatment is still possible.
Parotidectomy in the treatment of aggressive cutaneous malignancies; Background: Aggressive nonmelanoma skin cancer (ANMSC) of the head and neck may require parotidectomy because of neurotropic spread, direct invasion of the parotid gland, or parotid metastasis. Objective: To review our experience with parotidectomy in the treatment of these tumors to examine the indications for this procedure and to analyze treatment outcomes. We emphasize the importance of early identification of an ANMSC and a systematic approach to treatment. Design: Review of 23 patients with an ANMSC who required parotidectomy with or without facial (VII) nerve sacrifice between January 5, 1996, and December 27, 1999. Median follow-up for all patients was 24 months. Setting: Academic tertiary care referral center. Patients: This study focused on 23 (median age, 71 years) of 54 patients treated for an ANMSC. Most tumors were in the periauricular (n = 9) and the frontozygomatic (n = 6) areas. Seven patients presented with facial weakness or paralysis. Three patients had clinically evident parotid metastasis, while 14 patients had tumors directly invading the parotid gland. Eighteen patients had recurrent disease that had been treated previously with Mohs micrographic surgery. Interventions: Following wide local excision of the ANMSC, 12 patients had resection of the lateral parotid lobe with preservation of the nerve, while 11 required radical parotidectomy with sacrifice of 1 or more branches. Nineteen patients received cervical lymphadenectomy. Postoperative radiotherapy was administered in 19 patients. Main Outcome Measures: Tumor pathologic findings (specifically, perineural invasion of the facial nerve), locoregional control or recurrence, disease-free survival, disease-specific survival, and overall survival. Results: Neurotropic spread to the facial nerve was present in 6 patients and was more likely to occur in younger patients (51 vs 75 years, P=.006). Locoregional failures occurred in 9 patients following treatment. Patients who required parotidectomy in their surgical treatment for an ANMSC were more likely to have recurrent disease (P=.0002). Disease-specific and overall survival was 79% and 69%, respectively, at 42 months. Conclusions: Patients with ANMSC may require parotidectomy in the context of neurotropic spread, regional metastasis, or direct invasion into the parotid gland. Surgery combined with postoperative radiotherapy is necessary in most patients because of adverse clinical and pathologic findings. A systematic approach to the management of the parotid and facial nerve in the presence of these aggressive tumors is required. Despite comprehensive treatment, local recurrence of ANMSC and mortality remain high.
Headset-related sensory and motor neuropathies in image-guided sinus surgery; Complications related to the use of image-guided systems in sinus surgery are fortunately rare. We report a case series of 6 patients who experienced facial neuropathies (both sensory and motor) related to the use of a headset for electromagnetic-based image-guided surgery. The auriculotemporal nerve was the most common sensory nerve involved, and the buccal branch of the facial nerve was implicated in a case of motor weakness. The cause of the complication appears to be a pressure neuropathy caused by a tight-fitting headset against the external auditory meatus and temporomandibular joint. Additional risk factors for headset-related neuropathy may relate to body habitus, length of surgical procedure, and patient positioning. All patients' neuropathies resolved completely without intervention. Headset-related complications appear to be uncommon but may be an important consideration in counseling patients who are candidates for image-guided sinus surgery.
Maxillofacial trauma in Al Madina region of Saudi Arabia: A 5-year retrospective study; Objective: To report the incidence, aetiology, and pattern of facial fractures, associated injuries, management, complications, and residual deformities, and to highlight factors that could be addressed when considering effective preventive measures for Saudi Arabia and the Gulf Cooperation Council countries. Patients and Methods: A retrospective study of patients with maxillofacial injuries presenting to the department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, King Fahd Hospital, Al Madina, Saudi Arabia, during a 5-year period. The clinical and radiographic records of 403 patients were reviewed. Results: A high percentage of patients (83%) were males, and the majority involved in trauma were Saudi nationals (70%) in the group aged 21 to 30 years (33%). Road traffic accident was the predominant aetiological factor (63%). The mandibular body was the most common anatomical site of mandibular fractures and the zygomatic bone was the most common bone involved in mid-facial trauma. Patients with associated injuries were more commonly admitted to the care of the neurosurgical department, and the most common complication in this study was postoperative infection. Conclusion: Since road traffic accident is the main aetiological factor for facial trauma in this study and other similar studies relating to the Middle East, the compulsory use of seatbelts and strict implementation of traffic rules and regulations should significantly reduce the incidence and severity of facial trauma.
Serum cytokine levels in bell's palsy; Objective: To assess the significance of the serum levels of the cytokines (interleukine (IL-6, IL-8, IL-1b, IL-2r, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α)) in the patients with Bell's palsy. Study design: A clinical and laboratory study in which serum cytokine levels were compared between the patients who had Bell's palsy and healthy controls. Methods: Twenty-three patients with Bell's palsy and 30 healthy volunteers were included in the study. The blood samples of the patients and controls were obtained, and serum IL-1b, IL-2r, IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-α levels determined with chemiluminescence enzyme immunometric assay on an Immulite Immunoassay. The serum of the patients was taken between 2 days and 1 month after the disease. The assay was not in vitro lymphocyte stimulation. Results: The IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-α levels were significantly higher in Bell's palsy than in controls (p<0.05). The IL-1b and IL-2r levels were similar in both groups (p>0.05). The levels of cytokine IL-6, IL-8, TNF-α, IL-1b, IL-2r did not correlate with the degree of recovery (p>0.05). Conclusion: An alteration in the concentration of the cytokines is expected not only in many inflammatory and infectious diseases but also in Bell's palsy. Cytokines are not stored or preformed within cells. Therefore, high cytokine levels (IL-6 and IL-8, and TNF-α) should represent their production in response to underlying pathology in Bell's palsy, or these cytokines may be pathogenetic factors in Bell's palsy. However, serum levels of these cytokines do not help determine the prognosis in Bell's palsy as far as the results of this study are concerned. © 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Thixotropy of levator palpebrae as the cause of lagophthalmos after peripheral facial nerve palsy; Patients with facial nerve palsy are at risk of developing corneal ulceration because of lagophthalmos (incomplete closure of the affected eyelid). Lagophthalmos could result from thixotropy of the levator palpebrae muscle - that is, the formation of tight crossbridges between the actin and myosin filaments of the muscle fibres causing stiffness of the muscle - rather than from paralysis of the orbicularis occuli muscle as previously supposed. This possibility was investigated in 13 patients with a peripheral facial nerve palsy in a prospective open study. The levator muscle of the affected eyelid was stretched by manipulation and downward movement of the passively closed upper eyelid for ∼15 seconds. The amount of lagophthalmos was measured before and immediately after this manoeuvre. In all patients except one there was a clear reduction in lagophthalmos (mean reduction 72%; range 60-100%). Thus in this setting the lagophthalmos appears to be caused by thixotropy of the levator palpebrae muscle, which has implications for treatment.
Lateral skull base malignancies.; OBJECT: Historically poor outcomes have been characteristic in patients with lateral skull base malignancies. As advances in skull base surgical techniques have been made, complete resection has increasingly been achieved. This has resulted in improved survival rates and local tumor control. METHODS: The authors performed a retrospective review of 95 patients treated for lateral skull base malignancies. The mean age of the patients was 49.4 years. There were 44 females and 51 males. The mean follow-up period was 50 months. Resection was performed in all patients, and postoperative radiotherapy was undertaken in 54% of the cases. Local disease control was maintained in 73% of the patients. Tumor involvement of the facial nerve and intracranial tumor extension did not jeopardize the rate of local control. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the fact that technical advances in skull base surgery have resulted in a higher incidence of complete tumor resection and improved survival rates, a respect for the poor prognosis historically associated with lateral skull base malignancies should be maintained and treatment should be appropriately aggressive.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare idiopathic non-caseating granulomatous condition. It is rarely described in otorhinolaryngology-related journals, although facial palsy, lip-swelling, and lingua plicata, are its most common presenting features. This classical triad however is not always present in MRS. Other forms of orofacial swelling exist. This paper describes a patient with a variant of MRS, treated by us with intra-lesional steroid injection. We also discuss the other differential diagnoses that may mimic MRS.
Therapeutic response to thalidomide in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: A case report; Background: Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare disorder of unknown etiology characterized by a triad of symptoms: recurrent orofacial swelling, relapsing facial palsy, and a fissured tongue. A differential diagnosis must be made with other granulomatous diseases, such as sarcoidosis and oral Crohn disease; however, the histologic findings of noncaseating, sarcoidal granulomas support the diagnosis of MRS. Results: Many therapeutic modalities have been described for this disease. In this case report, we present a patient with MRS that was treated with thalidomide because of the identification of tumor necrosis factor α in the lesion by immunohistochemical analysis. This is the first reported detection of tumor necrosis factor α in an MRS lesion, as well the first reported use of thalidomide to treat this clinical condition.
A case with fever, hepatomegaly and raised serum alkaline phosphatase: Clinical case discussion; We present a clinical case discussion of a 38 year old housewife who presented with a month history of mild fever, hepatomegaly, weight loss, dry cough, dyspnoea on exertion and raised serum alkaline phophatase level. The various clinical possibilities are discussed along with interpretation of subsequent investigations.
Pediatric hypertension: Recent literature; This article reviews selected recent literature specifically concerning pediatric hypertension, much of which has focused on measurement and monitoring of blood pressure, as well as on evaluating antihypertensive medications. Normative data for blood pressure in children have been widely available for some time, based upon seated in-office measurements. In recent years, ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM), facilitated by user-friendly instrumentation, has become more commonplace, though norms are not based on large populations. However, ABPM has important uses in assessing blood pressure as well as in monitoring antihypertensive. This review discusses issues involved in determining blood pressure, as well as the utility of ABPM in several situations. Recent developments concerning pediatric antihypertensive therapy are considered, as well as new information relevant to the diagnosis, course and treatment of hypertension in children and adolescents. © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The Ramsay-Hunt syndrome: Own experience and review of the literature; The Ramsay-Hunt syndrome or facial paralysis associated to herpes zoster oticus represents about 7% of all peripheral facial nerve paralysis. We report our experience from 1992 to 2001; in this period, 12 patients (9 women and 3 men) were admitted in our ORL Department with this diagnosis. Different variables are analysed: Age, clinical symptoms, complementary tests used, given treatment, complications, average stay and evolution of the patients. Our results show only two cases (16,67%) with complete recovery after a 6-month follow-up while the rest of patients suffered a permanent damage. We carry out a review of the literature using a comparison between our results and other published series in order to try to establish the best line of treatment for this patology.
Clinical features, complications and treatment outcome of childhood brucellosis in central Greece; Objectives: To examine the epidemiology, clinical and hematological characteristics, complications and treatment outcome of childhood brucellosis in central Greece. Methods: Retrospective record review of all patients 0-14 years of age with brucellosis admitted during a 16 year period between 1984 and 1999. Results: A total of 39 cases (23 males, median age 132 months) were recorded in which the diagnosis was confirmed by a positive culture (n = 30) or detection of IgM antibodies with ELISA (n = 9). About 38% of these patients came from families of farmers or shepherds who owned a few domestic animals or small herds of goats or sheep and another 43% had consumed dairy products bought from shepherds. In 41%, of the cases another family member developed symptomatic infection. Most of the patients presented with fever (61%) and musculoskeletal symptoms (69%). Splenomegaly was recorded in 38% and hepatomegaly in 28% of the cases. Anemia (39%) and monocytosis (31%) were the most common hematological manifestations, followed by lymphopenia (18%). Unusual complications were detected in two patients who developed thrombocytopenic purpura and acute facial nerve palsy, respectively, but recovered without long-term sequelae. None of the 22 patients who received a combination of two or Conclusion: Childhood brucellosis remains an important public health problem in central Greece. It usually occurs in families that raise small ruminants and the development of symptomatic infection in more than one family member is common. It may cause serious complications in children and treatment with at least two antibiotics for not less than six weeks appears to be effective. © 2002 The British Infection Society.
Bell's palsy-induced blepharospasm; We report two patients with blepharospasm that appeared during the recovery phase of Bell's palsy. It is well known that hemifacial spasm occasionally appears after Bell's palsy; however, blepharospasm associated with Bell's palsy has been rarely reported so far. Blepharospasm appeared within a month after the onset of Bell's palsy, suggesting that a certain causal relationship may be present between Bell's palsy and blepharospasm. We speculate that corneal irritation caused by lagophthalmos contributes to the induction of blepharospasm. Another speculation is that abnormal afferent input from the paralyzed side contributes to the abnormal sensitization of the blink reflex, thereby facilitating the induction of abnormal facial motor outputs such as blepharospasm.
Intracranial germinoma with syncytiotrophoblastic giant cells in the cerebellopontine angle - Case report; A 23-year-old man presented with a 3-week history of left hearing disturbance and left facial nerve paresis. T1-weighted magnetic resonance (MR) imaging showed an iso-intense mass in the left cerebellopontine angle (CPA), with homogeneous enhancement with gadolinium-diethylenetriaminepenta-acetic acid. T2-weighted MR imaging showed the mass as heterogeneously iso- to hyperintense. Gross total removal of the tumor was achieved. Histological examination revealed that the tumor was a germinoma with syncytiotrophoblastic giant cells. Whole central nervous system irradiation with cisplatin-etoposide chemotherapy was performed postoperatively. He has been in good condition with no sign of recurrence for 7 years. Intracranial germ cell tumors in the CPA are very rare. Total surgical removal followed by irradiation and chemotherapy will provide a good outcome.
Haemophilus influenzae type b meningitis with subdural effusion: A case report; Haemophilus influenzae type b causes invasive infection in children under 2 years of age. The disease may be complicated with hearing impairment, lowered learning ability, and other neurologic sequelae. The incidence of invasive H. influenzae type b has declined dramatically after the introduction of routine administration of protein-conjugated H. influenzae type b vaccine in the United States and some other countries. Because of its low incidence in Taiwan, many clinicians are not familiar with the initial symptoms and management of H. influenzae type b. This case report describes a 7-month-old H. influenzae type b meningitis patient who had initial presentations of prolonged intermittent fever and vague neurologic signs. Left peripheral facial palsy with hearing loss in left ear and bilateral frontal subdural effusion developed during the first 5 days of cefotaxime therapy. Betamethasone was then given for 4 days to relieve the severe inflammation. Drug-induced fever was observed after 11 days of antibiotic use and subsided with prednisolone treatment. Left ear hearing impairment persisted during the follow-up period, but the children did not experience other significant development delay.
Follow-up in patients with oral cancer; Purpose: To provide standardized follow-up of patients who underwent oral cancer treatment, the German-Austrian-Swiss Cooperative Group on Tumors of the Maxillofacial Region (DÖSAK) established a schedule of check-up examinations for a 5-year period. Materials and Methods: On the basis of a questionnaire, we investigated oncologic follow-up in respect to early detection of recurrences, cost and outcome efficiencies, and physician and patient judgment in the development of impairments. Results: Only 11% of all operated patients participated regularly in the follow-up program within the first 3 years. Ultrasound was the most effective imaging for the detection of recurrences. Swallowing, speaking, tongue mobility, and facial appearance were the most common problems. Troubles with swallowing were mainly induced by poorly fitted dentures, discontinuity of the mandible, osteomyelitis, and xerostomia. Outer appearance was mostly impaired by scars, missing facial muscle function, and edema. The problem of chronic pain remained unsolved. Conclusion: Due to the sequelae of treatment, this study shows the need for close medical and psychological follow-up. © 2002 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Facial nerve paralysis; The staged approach outlined here provides ophthalmic surgeons with a sound framework on which to base both clinical and surgical decisions in the management of patients with facial paralysis. Newer techniques, such as the SOOF lift, hard palate grafting, endoscopic brow lift, and botulinum A toxin injections provide more therapeutic options for such patients. These procedures help to correct not only the functional but the esthetic deficits caused by facial paralysis. This staged approach also provides patients with a set of reassuring goals.
Delayed effects of the microvascular decompression on hemifacial spasm: A retrospective study of 131 consecutive operated cases; We reviewed 131 consecutive cases operated for hemifacial spasm (HFS) by the same surgeon between January 1983 and April 1999. Microvascular decompression (MVD) was performed via lateral suboccipital approach. Post-operative follow-up ranged from 1.5 to 10 years (average 34 months). The final outcome divided into three categories, excellent (total recovery) in 120 cases (91.6%), partial (> 75% recovery) in 4 cases (3.1%), and unchanged or recurrent in 7 cases (5.3%). Only 2 cases were re-operated, and final outcome of both was excellent. Based on these data, we aimed to determine a period of the final judgement of MVD effect and the causative factors of delayed effects on HFS retrospectively. There were 102 complete recovered cases without hemifacial paralysis; immediate recovery from HFS was observed in 78 cases (76.5%), after 1 month in nine cases, 1-3 months in 5 cases, 3-6 months in 3 cases, 6-10 months in 2 cases, and 10-12 months in 5 cases. Thus, most cases were completely recovered within one year of observation. On the other hand, there was no statistically significant difference between immediate and delayed relief cases in clinical histories or operative observations. Therefore, our results suggest that the final judgement of the MVD effect could be made at least one year after surgery.
Induction of labor; In summary, it can be said that there are insufficient data to establish with certainty the incidence of rare, serious complications (e.g. uterine rupture, fetal of maternal death) associated with the use of misoprostol in the induction of labor. The number of anecdotal reports of uterine rupture after misoprostol administration is increasing, predominantly in women with prior CS. From the data currently available, we have calculated a frequency of this complication in patients with prior CS of approximately 4.5%. At this time a cautious approach to the use of misoprostol in these patients is recommended. In patients without uterine scar it is recommended that misoprostol be administered vaginally at a dosage of 25 μg every 3-6h for the induction of labor, but only with close monitoring of the patient and preferably within the framework of clinical studies. However, consideration should also be given to the fact that misoprostol has been reported to exhibit teratogenicity, although this has been observed mainly when large oral doses (400-800 μg/day) are given in early pregnancy, and appears to be associated with particular malformations (e.g. Mobius syndrome).
Bombyx mori - A review of its potential as a medicinal insect; The importance of various stages of the silkworm, Bombyx mori viz., eggs, larvae, pupae, moths and its products, byproducts and waste products as a potential medicinal source has been indicated. Larvae have been identified as a possible source of adipokinetic hormone (AKH), chymotrypsin inhibitors, β-N-acetylglucosaminidase, sex pheromone bombykol, amino acids, etc., apart from their value as health food especially for cardiac and diabetic patients, bronchial asthma, primary trigeminal neuralgia, vocal nodules and polyps and in the treatment of facial palsy and pain. Pupae are a source of proteins, vitamin B1, B2 and E, diapause hormone, amino acids, etc., and form a part of antibacterial and antihistaminic preparations. Male moths are used to treat sterility. Paste chlorophyll, pectin, phytol, carotene and triacontanol, solanesol, etc., extracted from silkworm feces are used in the treatment of various diseases such as hepatitis, acute pancreatitis, chronic nephritis, stomach and gastric disorders, leukocytopenia, blood cholesterol, etc. Phytol is used in the preparation of vitamin E and K while carotene in vitamin A. Pelade obtained from reeled cocoons is readily digestible and forms a valuable ingredient of food. It reduces cholesterol and blood sugar. Chrysalises separated from pelade contain palmitic, stearic, oleic and linoleic acids and serve as a food additive and in pharmaceutical preparations.
Medial tarsal suspension: A method of elevating the medial lower eyelid; Purpose: When attempting to elevate the lower eyelid for any reason, medial elevation is the most difficult to attain. Medial canthal tendon tightening creates mostly horizontal tension and contributes little vertical vector. We present a technique for applying a lifting force to the medial end of the eyelid: medial tarsal suspension. Methods: The technique to suspend the medial lower eyelid tarsal plate to the superior orbital rim periosteum is described. The procedure, medial tarsal suspension (MTS), was performed on 38 lower lids of 24 patients. Adjunctive procedures, most commonly lateral canthal sling, were performed on 66% of the lids at the time of the initial medial tarsal suspension. The patients ranged in age from 29 years to 84 years. All had medial lower eyelid retraction, with facial nerve palsy, Graves eye disease, involutional lower eyelid retraction, and forms of muscular dystrophy the commonest etiologies. Results: Thirty-one (82%) of the 38 MTS procedures were successful. There was no unifying factor among the seven failed procedures in five lids of five patients. Three of the five patients, including two who were operated on twice, ultimately had a successful MTS. This procedure was not repeated on the other two failed patients. Range of follow-up was 9 months to 5.6 years, with a mean of 3.7 years. The mean elevation of the central lower eyelid was 1.6 mm in the successful cases. Conclusions: Medial tarsal suspension is an effective way to elevate the medial end of the lower eyelid.
Stroke following chiropractic manipulation: Report of 3 cases and review of the literature; We present 3 cases of stroke due to arterial dissection following chiropractic manipulation: (1) a 31-year-old woman with left vertebral dissection developed a large cerebellar infarct, (2) a 64-year-old man developed a left parietal infarct due to left carotid dissection and (3) a 51-year-old man developed right Horner's syndrome, fluctuating dysarthria, left facial droop, and left arm weakness due to right carotid dissection. Imaging studies and the literature are reviewed. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Neurovascular free-muscle transfer to treat facial paralysis associated with hemifacial microsomia; Despite the wide spectrum of hemifacial microsomia manifestations, treatment mainly focuses on mandible and ear abnormalities, rather than on facial paralysis. In fact, the surgical treatment of facial paralysis associated with hemifacial microsomia is quite underdeveloped, because the degree of paralysis is frequently incomplete or partial. Timing and type of surgery are also difficult to determine. Neurovascular free-muscle transfer is now a standard procedure for the dynamic smile reconstruction of longstanding facial paralysis. This type of strategy has considerable potential in the treatment of facial paralysis in patients with hemifacial microsomia. We present here our experience with neurovascular free-muscle transfer for smile reconstruction in eight patients with facial paralysis associated with hemifacial microsomia. The age of the patients at the time of surgery ranged from 7 to 28 years old, (average, 13.9 years). Six were male patients and two were female patients. The two-stage method combining gracilis muscle transfer with cross-face nerve grafting was performed in three patients, whereas the one-stage transfer of the latissimus dorsi muscle was performed in five. To construct a natural or near-natural smile, the muscles were transferred into the paralyzed cheek in all except one patient, in whom the latissimus dorsi muscle was transferred into the sublabial area to reconstruct a paralyzed lower lip. A dermal flap segment vascularized with perforating vessels from the latissimus dorsi muscle was simultaneously inserted into the underdeveloped cheek for soft-tissue augmentation in this patient. Muscle contraction was evident in all patients between 4 and 8 months after muscle transfer. Our present series revealed that neurovascular free-muscle transfer is a good option not only for smile reconstruction but also for restoration of the facial contours of patients with hemifacial microsomia. Compared with the two-stage method combining gracilis muscle transfer with cross-face nerve grafting, the one-stage method using the latissimus dorsi muscle has some advantages, including a one-stage operation, a shorter recovery period, and the absence of sequelae that occur after harvesting a sural nerve.
Malignant otitis external - Our experience; Malignant external otitis is an extremely morbid osteomyelitis of external auditory canal, mastoid and skull base caused by pseudomonas aerogenosa. We report our experience with six cases, which we came across in ten years. Patients' profile, our management and results are presented. A need for increasing awareness of the condition and the probability of early diagnosis with a high index of suspicion in the early stages is discussed. Attempt also is done to review a few recent articles with special emphasis on imaging techniques and radioisotope scans.
Primary parotid gland tumors: Considerations on surgical treatment; Over time criteria for surgical options in cases of parotid neoplasias have been modified. They are determined by the presence of the facial nerve and the apparently marked tendency of the more common forms to recur. Since the 1950s onwards exofacial parotidectomy has been considered treatment of choice but is associated with adverse sequelae such as transient facial paresis, depression in the parotid area and Frey's syndrome. Recently several international studies have reported good results with conservative surgery of the parenchyma i.e. enucleation after facial dissection, asportation of only half the parotid, and so on. Excellent disease eradication is associated with a lower morbidity impact in terms of facial mobility and esthetic results. We present our results in a series of 173 patients affected by primary parotid gland neoplasias. Using the above criteria we adopted a wide range of surgical approaches, opting in most cases for a conservative approach to the glandular parenchyma. A transient deficit in facial mobility occurred in 71% cases of total parotidectomy, in 26% of exofacial parotidectomy, in 2.6% of enucleation after facial nerve dissection and in 1% of enucleation alone. Permanent paresis was observed in 1% of patients who underwent total parotidectomy. Frey's syndrome developed in only three patients, all of whom treated with exofacial parotidectomy. The relapse rate (excluding malignant neoplasias) was 5%. Five of the 13 patients with malignant tumors are alive and well after a 3-5 years follow-up.
The treatment of facial nerve palsy related to cholesteatoma otitis media; OBJECTIVE: In order to investigate the operative treatment of facial nerve palsy which induced by cholesteatoma otitis media. METHOD: To analyse 35 postoperative cases with of cholesteatoma otitis media to accompany peripheral facial paralysis. Opened technique was performed in 32 cases, closed technique was performed in 3 cases. All of them were performed facial nerve decompression. RESULT: In opened technique group, the effect of postoperation reached House-Brackmann I-II degree in 24 patients (24/32), House-Brackmann III-V degree in 8 patients. In closed technique group, 2 patients reached House-Brackmann II degree, but they recoveryed slowly. CONCLUSION: Facial nerve decompression should be performed as long as the diagnosis was made, Mastoidectomy by using opened technique has satisfactory therapeutic effect.
Determination of herpes simplex virus type I in patients with peripheral idiopathic facial palsy and its response to antiviral and steroids therapy; Objetive: It was to determine if there is an association among the peripheral idiopathic facial palsy (PIFP) and the herpes simplex virus type I (HSVI), and to investigate the utility of treatment with steroids and antiviral agents in this disease. Material and methods: Forty patients with PIFP in the first 7 days of installation of the disease without previous treatment were included for study, and then they were divided into two groups: patients in group 1 (20 patients) were treated with aciclovir plus prednisone, and patients in group 2 (20 patients) were treated with prednisone alone. There was a third healthy control group of 10 patients who required ear surgery. All patients in three groups underwent to a complete clinical history, then all patient were submitted to a posterior auricular muscle biopsy, in the same side to the PIFP for group 1 and 2, and surgery side for control group 3. The biopsy was analyzed with conventional stains, electronic microscopy and immunohistochemical technique with monoclonal antibody for HSVI. All patients were followed-up every week to evaluate the clinical evolution. In the 24th week of follow-up the degree of sequelae was evaluated with the House-Brackmann scale. The clinical features were correlated with the histopathological findings and a statistical analysis was performed. Results: In both groups of patients with PIFP, 11 biopsies (27.5%) were positive to VHSI with inmunohistochemical techniques. All biopsies in the healthy control group were negative. The recovery of facial movements, was quicker in group 1 (aciclovir plus prednisone), compared with group 2 (prednisone alone); beginning in the 1st week of treatment (p< 0.0007), and getting complete in the 4th week (p< 0.0006). The degree of sequelae was lesser in group 1 compared with group 2 (p<0.002). All patients were followed-up during a period of 18 to 30 months after treatment and there was no relapse in any group. Conclusions: We conclude that VHSI was associated with PIFP as a direct etiologic factor, and that the use of a combined therapy with antiviral agents and steroids allows to a quicker recovery with a lesser degree of sequelae, and it's more effective than use of steroids alone. © 2006 Instituto Nacional de Neurology Neurocirug "Manuel Velasco Suz".
Recurrent ameloblastoma presenting in the temporal fossa; Recurrent ameloblastoma presenting in the temporal fossa is a rarely reported clinical entity. This report presents a case of temporal recurrence that occurred 30 years after the initial surgical treatment. A 45-year-old woman had a history of multiple enucleations for recurrences of her right mandibular ameloblastoma. The tumor was finally resected and reconstructed with an autogenous rib graft, after which the lesion reappeared in the temporal fossa 10 years later. We hypothesized that this temporal ameloblastoma is an implantation lesion seeded via the intraoral wound during the previous resection and reconstruction.
Meningeal relapse after double peripheral blood stem cell transplantation in IgD myeloma; A 54-year-old man diagnosed with IgD myeloma (stage IIIA) in complete remission (CR) received peripheral blood stem cell transplantation (PBSCT) twice with an interval of 4 months using high-dose melphalan 200 mg/m2. However 9 months after the second PBSCT, he was readmitted because of lumbago, lower left hemiparesis, speech disturbance and left facial nerve palsy. A lumbar puncture revealed myeloma cells in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The patient did not respond to any salvage chemotherapy and died of sepsis 27 months after the initial diagnosis. The findings in this patient suggest that another treatment modality including prophylactic intrathecal injection of an anti-cancer drug as well as allogeneic cell therapy is probably necessary in patients with high-risk IgD myeloma.
Lifetime prevalence of Bell's palsy in rural Bolivia: A door-to-door survey; We carried out a door-to-door survey in rural areas of the Cordillera Province, Bolivia, to determine the prevalence of the most common neurological diseases in a sample of about 10,000 inhabitants. A team of non-doctor health workers administered a standard screening instrument for neurological diseases, a slightly modified version of the World Health Organization protocol. All subjects found positive at the screening phase underwent a complete neurological examination. On screening, we found 1,130 positive subjects, of whom 909 were aged 15 years and above. After the neurological examination, we found 52 cases who had experienced Bell's palsy during their life in the population aged 15 years and above. The lifetime prevalence on November 1, 1994 was 11.1/1,000 (95% confidence interval 7.8-14.5) for the population aged 15 years and above. The prevalence was higher in women than in men (13.7 and 8.7/1,000, respectively) and increased with age, reaching a peak in the group aged 65 years or more (31.7/1,000). Only 3 cases (5.8%) had received medical therapy. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
A case of facial nerve palsy with sensorineural hearing loss; A 4-year-old girl with a brainstem tumor was diagnosed at other clinic as Bell's palsy. Right mild sensorineural hearing loss and nystagmus toward the left strongly suggested a central lesion for the cause of right facial palsy. Space occupying lesion was revealed in brainstem by MRI. Unfortunately surgical removal and postoperative irradiation were not effective and she died in one year later. Histopathological diagnosis was pilocytic astrocytoma. It is necessary to rule out neoplastic origin before making a diagnosis of Bell's palsy in small children.
Atypical brainstem encephalitis caused by herpes simplex virus 2; Background: Herpes simplex encephalitis is one of the most common and serious sporadic encephalitides of immunocompetent adults. Herpes simplex virus 2 (HSV-2) infections of the central nervous system usually manifest as subacute encephalitis, recurrent meningitis, myelitis, and forms resembling psychiatric syndromes. Objectives: To report and discuss magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings and clinical features in atypical brainstem encephalitis and facial palsy associated with HSV-2. Setting: Neurology department of a tertiary referral center. Patient: A 37-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital with fever, diplopia, left hemiparesis, sensory change in the face and limbs, personality changes, frontal dysexecutive syndrome, and a stiff neck. Brain MRI showed multifocal high-signal intensities in the pons, midbrain, and frontal lobe white matter on T2-weighted and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery images. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification analysis was positive for HSV-2. Acyclovir therapy was started, and the encephalitic symptoms disappeared with a negative conversion of HSV-2 PCR in the CSF. However, after the discontinuation of acyclovir therapy, peripheral facial palsy occurred on the left side. A possible relapse or delayed manifestation of the HSV-2 infection was suspected, and the acyclovir therapy was restarted. A complete remission was achieved 3 days after the treatment. She was discharged without any neurologic sequelae. Conclusions: We describe a patient who developed a typical encephalitis due to HSV-2 and peripheral facial palsy, which could also be related to the HSV-2. This case suggests that HSV-2 should be considered among the possible causes of atypical or brainstem encephalitis and that the PCR amplification method of the CSF can help reveal the possible cause of HSV-2.
Long term results in adenoidcystic carcinoma; Background: Due to the discreet initial symptoms and the locally aggressive infiltration with perineural spread the adenoidcystic carcinoma (ACC) presents a special diagnostical and therapeutical challenge. Patients: In a retrospective study the forms of 54 patients were analysed, whose average age was 55.5 (24-77) years. Results: The sex ratio showed a slight female preponderance with 57% to 43%. The major salivary glands were affected in 26 cases. The exact distribution of the ACC was: parotid gland (n = 18), submandibular gland (n = 8), oral cavity (n = 10), paranasal sinuses (n = 11), nasopharynx (n = 4) and larynx (n = 3). The most common symptoms were a tumor-related swelling and pain which persisted for a duration of several months after final diagnosis could be established. Facial palsy was observed in 4 patients. Histological examination revealed a tubular subtype in 4 cases, in 28 cases a cribriforme and in 12 cases a solid sub- type. No definitive differentiation was possible in 10 specimens. The skull base was infiltrated in 16 patients. Except one patient all 54 underwent surgical therapy. Postoperative radiotherapy was additionally given in 25 cases which was combined with a chemotherapy in 6 patients. Nevertheless ACC recurred in 60% of our patients. Lymphnode metastases were observed in 13 patients after a latency of 3.3 years in average, but predominantly pulmonary metastases as distant spread developed in 18 patients after 5.8 years significantly later. The overall survival rate was 84.38% after 2 years, 75.90% after 5 years, 50.49% after 10 years and 20.11% after 20 years. Male sex, infiltration of the skull base and histological evidence of perineural and perivascular spread proved to be statistically significant factors for an unfavourable prognosis. Conclusions: Due to the uncommon biological behaviour with a slow growth on the one hand side and an aggressive local invasion on the other hand side the ACC can be regarded as a challenging malignant disease for the clinician whose adequate therapy does not allow any standardized regime. The tendency for recurrence even after a period clinically free of symptoms makes a life long follow-up mandatory.
Refsum's disease (heredophatia atactica polyneuritiformis): Evolution 35 years after diagnosis; Refsum's disease (Heredopathia atactica polyneuritiformis) is an autosomal recessive disease caused by a defective alpha oxidation of a C20 fatty acid: the phytanic acid. Deficiency of a peroxysomal enzyme called "Phytanoyl-Co-A alpha hydroxylase" leads to an accumulation of phytanic acid. The clinical picture include retinitis pigmentosa, peripheral neuropathy, ataxia and elevated cerebrospinal fluid protein concentration. Firstly described in 1946 by Sigvald Refsum, dietary treatment leads to an improvement of neurological symptoms but does not affect retinal changes. To our knowledge, there is no data in the litterature on long term follow-up. A patient with Refsum's disease diagnosed in 1965 presented with facial paralysis. The phytanic acid concentration was low, CSF protein level was normal leading to diagnosis of Bell's palsy. This observation is of particular interest because after 35 years evolution of the disease, the only handicap was visual impairment, with no loss of muscle strenght or sensory deficit.
The SOOF lift: Its role in correcting midfacial and lower facial asymmetry in patients with partial facial palsy; Subperiosteal face lifting has gained wide acceptance in aesthetic surgical practice. It may also have a role to play in patients with partial facial palsy. These patients demonstrate poor static position of the mouth but maintain some degree of facial movement. This study examined the role of subperiosteal facial suspension as an alternative treatment modality in this patient group. In this series, five patients with varying degrees of partial facial palsy underwent subperiosteal face lifting, including sub-orbicularis oculi fat elevation via a temporal, lower lid, and buccal approach, thereby mobilizing and elevating and suspending the zygomaticus major and levator labii superioris muscles on the facial skeleton. An attempt was made to categorize the patients according to overall House-Brackmann score. It was not possible to precisely classify the patients by this method, although the approximate scores were two patients scoring 3, two patients scoring 4, and one patient scoring 5. To overcome inconsistencies with this method, the degree of static and dynamic asymmetry of the mouth and also the excursion of the mouth were graded separately. Four patients with mild to moderate dynamic and static asymmetry (House-Brackmann score of approximately 3 and 4) who maintained excellent or good excursion of the mouth achieved excellent or good results. One patient with poor excursion and severe partial facial palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5) was improved but remained markedly asymmetric (follow-up, 4 months to 1 year). Subperiosteal face lifting is a useful therapeutic modality for management of selected patients with mild partial facial palsy. These patients demonstrate asymmetric static position but maintain some degree of muscle excursion. Patients with severe facial palsies with poor muscle excursion continue to require muscle transfer or sling procedures. The authors hope that long-term follow-up will confirm the sustained effect of midfacial suspension in this selected patient group.
Endoscopically assisted minimally invasive microvascular decompression of hemifacial spasm; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the use of endoscopy in minimally invasive surgery of the cerebellopontine angle in cases of hemifacial spasm. Materials and Methods: Eighty patients with hemifacial spasm underwent endoscopically assisted microvascular decompression between October 1992 and October 1998, at the Ear, Nose, and Throat Department of Nord Hospital in Marseille, France. The microvascular decompression was performed via a minimally invasive retrosigmoid approach. The cerebellopontine angle was then explored by a 30-degree endoscope to visualize the root exit zone of the facial nerve and the precise location of the site of the conflict. Microvascular decompression was performed under the microscope. If the site was an artery, a Teflon sponge was inserted; if the site was a vein, it was coagulated and then dissected away from the facial nerve. Results: In 80 patients seen regularly for at least 1 year of follow-up, and including patients operated on once or twice, the procedure was successful in 92.5% of patients, brought about improvement in 3.75% (96.25% success plus improvement), and failed in 3.75%. In relation to the type of conflict, success or improvement was experienced by 90.7% of patients with simple conflicts, 86.2% of patients with multiple conflicts, and 87.5% of patients with nutcracker conflicts. No major postoperative complication or mortality occurred in this series. No facial paresis or paralysis occurred immediately postoperatively. Three patients (3.25%) experienced delayed facial palsy. Postoperative cerebrospinal fluid leak occurred in 2 patients (2.5%) and was treated surgically. Conclusion: The principle of minimally invasive surgery in the cerebellopontine angle is gaining universal acceptance. The use of endoscopy in microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm has helped tremendously in improving the results. In this study, the use of the endoscope enabled the authors to identify the site of the conflict in all cases, and to confirm the position of the Teflon sponge before closure.
Surgical rehabilitation of a lesion of the upper branch of the facial nerve; The authors discuss the problem of rehabilitation of a lesion of the upper branch of the facial nerve. They describe the technique-implantation of a golden weight into the upper lid-which they used in 12 patients. They emphasize the importance of oculoplastic surgery which eventually should become an integral part of contemporary treatment of facial nerve pareses.
Follow-up of extended pterional orbital decompression in severe Graves' ophthalmopathy; Background. Compressive optic neuropathy (CON) with visual loss is, apart from corneal exposure and disfigurating proptosis, the most serious clinical sign encountered in Graves' ophthalmopathy. However, numerous different approaches and operative techniques have been proposed for orbital decompression, with varying results and side effects. The purpose of the present study was to analyze perioperative data and long-term results in patients with severe thyroid-related orbitopathy, treated by extended pterional orbital decompression, comparing its effectiveness to other procedures. Method. An extended pterional orbital decompression was performed in 42 consecutive patients (59 orbits) with severe thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy after failure of medical and radiation therapy during an 11-year period. Pre- and postoperative examination included visual acuity, Hertel exophthalmometry, ocular motility, visual fields (Goldmann perimetry) and notification of complications. Long-term evaluation was carried out on average at 11 months postoperatively (range 5-26 months). Findings. Visual acuity improved rapidly from a preoperative average of 0.53 ± 0.33 (range, 0-1) to 0.77 ± 0.31 (range, 0-1) postoperatively (p < 0.001). Worsening was not seen. An average reduction of proptosis of 3.79 ± 2.32 mm (range, 0.5-8 mm) was achieved with a mean preoperative Hertel measurement of 24.7 ± 3.93 mm (range, 15-33 mm) (p < 0.001). Double vision and restriction of eye motility was present in 76.3% of patients preoperatively and improved in 63% of patients (p < 0.001). No new onsets of not already pre-existing double vision was seen. Complications included two cases of permanent palsy of the frontal branch of the facial nerve. Interpretation. The extended pterional orbital decompression improved vision and decreased proptosis and restriction of extra-ocular movements in patients with severe sight-threatening and disfiguring cases of Graves' orbitopathy and is still an effective and low-risk alternative to other non-neurosurgical operative techniques. Especially new developing postdecompression strabismus can be successfully avoided.
Cranial nerve, brainstem and cerebellar syndromes in the differential diagnosis of multiple sclerosis; A clinically isolated syndrome indicating a pathological process involving the cranial nerves or the posterior fossa may constitute a hard diagnostic challenge for the clinician. Whereas internuclear ophthalmoplegia, for example, is almost pathognomonic of multiple sclerosis (MS), other clinical presentations are often puzzling. The main alternative causes of symptoms that may suggest a clinical onset of MS are reviewed here, grouped in principal clinical syndromes, with particular attention to some rare, recently recognised conditions.
An unpleasant phenomenon after vestibular schwannoma surgery: Delayed facial palsy; Facial palsy is a functional disability and a cosmetic distress for patients who undergo vestibular schwannoma surgery. The aim of modern schwannoma surgery is not only complete tumor removal but preservation of the seventh and eighth nerve complex. With microsurgical techniques and intraoperative cranial nerve monitoring, preservation can be achieved in most cases. Nevertheless, preservation of the anatomic integrity of the facial nerve does not always predict the outcome of postoperative facial function. In addition to structural preservation of the nerve itself, other factors influencing facial function need to be considered. Delayed facial palsy disappoints the surgeon as well as the patient when it occurs hours or days after surgery. The etiology is complicated and poorly understood; thus, the treatment strategies vary. Many hypotheses have been postulated, including intraoperative manipulation, vascular compromise, an edematous process, external compression, and viral reactivation in the facial nerve. Without histologic or electrophysiologic confirmation, the cause of delayed facial palsy remains speculative. We suggest that postoperative vasospasm in combination with edema of the nerve may explain this unpleasant phenomenon and review the literature to discuss the other possible etiologies of this disease entity. Some strategies are also proposed to treat and prevent its occurrence.
Delayed facial nerve palsy following uneventful stapedectomy; Facial nerve palsy is a rare complication of stapedectomy. Its onset may be immediate or delayed by several days. The authors present a case of a 59-year-old man who developed right delayed peripheral facial nerve palsy occurring after uncomplicated ipsilateral stapedectomy. The incidence, treatment and prognosis of this complication are discussed. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
A young patient with endometrioid adenocarcinoma who suffered Trousseau's syndrome associated with vasculitis; A 27-year-old woman was admitted to our hospital because of headache, fever and right neck pain. Neurological examination revealed mild meningeal signs, and hyper-reflexia in all extremities. In the laboratory tests, white-cell count was 13,000/mm3, rheumatoid factor (RF) and C-reactive protein (CRP) were positive. The cerebro-spinal fluid showed pleocytosis (56/mm3, neutorophils and lymphocytes were 26 and 28, respectively). Thus, she was diagnosed as aseptic meningitis. A few days later, she had weakness and dysesthesia of the right face and the left extremities. Pulse therapy with intravenous methylprednisolone was started. A magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain showed a hemorrhagic infarction in the right parietal lobe. In hemostatic markers, thrombin-antithrombin III complex (TAT; 106 ng/dl). D-dimer 1234 ng/dl, prothrombin fragment 1 + 2 (F1+2; 2.36 nmol/L), β-thromboglobulin (βTG; 4,300 ng/dl) and platelet factor 4 (PF-4; 1,770 ng/dl) were extremely elevated. On duplex ultrasonography, a low echo lucent plaque was observed at the right internal carotid artery and the mean blood flow velocity in the right carotid artery was decreased. She was placed on oral prednisolone and warfarin for suspected stroke due to hypercoagulability associated with vasculitis. Afterwards, she discharged from our hospital. Two months later, she was readmitted to our hospital because of irregular menses and vaginal bleeding. Endometrial uterus biopsy was conducted, which revealed a grade I endometrioid adenocarcinoma. She was under total uterectomy without tumor recurrence. After the radical operation, white-cell count, RF, CRP, TAT, D-dimer, F1+2, and βTG were normalized, and the mean flow velocity of the right common carotid artery was increased. Thereafter, she did not experience stroke recurrence. Therefore, we speculated that she had stroke due to hyper-coagulability in association with malignancy, that is Trousseau's syndrome. We also assumed that aseptic meningitis, brainstem encephalitis associated with vasculitis in this patient are other clinical variants of paraneoplastic syndrome through immunologial mechanisms associated with malignancy. We emphasize that patients with Trousseau's syndrome can be associated with other paraneoplstic manifestations such as vasculitis as seen in this patient.
Outcome of Bell's palsy in children.; Acute idiopathic facial nerve paralysis (Bell's palsy) is a non life-threatening disorder but may cause important impact. In Thailand there has been no report of the outcome of Bell's palsy in children. Eighty four children with facial palsy were treated at Prasat Neurological Institute from January 1996 to July 2001. The etiology was found in 9 children (10.7%). Seventy five children were Bell's palsy. Twenty eight children were excluded, twenty two of these were loss to follow-up after the first visit and in six the onset were more than 30 days before presentation. Forty seven children remained for study. The mean age was 8.8 years (range from 2 years to 15 years 8 months). The male to female ratio was 1:1.1. The ratio of left to right side involvement was 1.3:1. Two children had recurrent facial palsy (4.3%). The duration from onset to recurrence was 6 months to 3 years 5 months. Oral prednisolone was given in 39 children. Complete recovery was observed in 29 children (61.7%) and almost complete recovery in 18 children (38.2%). All children recovered within 7 months. The mean duration of recovery was 6.61 weeks (range from 9 days to 28 weeks). The outcome of children aged under and over six years was not statistically different. The outcome of early and late steroid treatment could not be compared in this study.
Surgical options for eyelid problems.; BACKGROUND: Eyelid problems may be vision threatening, painful, irritating, cause watering, or just unsightly. Many are treatable surgically. OBJECTIVE: This article describes some of the more common eyelid conditions, their presentation, investigation and surgical treatment. DISCUSSION: Common eyelid conditions include ectropion, entropion, ptosis, thyroid eye disease and facial palsy. Treatments, including surgical options, are discussed. Most eyelid surgery on adults can be done as day surgery under local anaesthetic with intravenous sedation.
Four cases of pediatric Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Four cases of the Ramsay Hunt syndrome were admitted to our hospital during the two years from February 1997 to January 1999. Though one of the 4 patients had been immunized with varicella vaccine, the causative virus was not a vaccine strain but a wild-type strain. These patients were not suffering from underlying diseases. Because the number of pediatric zoster patient without underlying diseases who visited our clinic between 1981 and 1999 was 35 cases, the Ramsay Hunt syndrome turned out not to be extremely rare even among children having no underlying diseases. The prognosis of the Ramsay Hunt syndrome is assumed to be good if the treatment begins at the early stage. To begin the treatment at the early stage, it is necessary to confirm the diagnosis with virological examinations.
Facial nerve neuromas: Report of 10 cases and review of the literature; OBJECTIVE: This study reviewed the management and outcomes of facial neuromas during the past decade at our institution. The goal was to analyze differences in presentation on the basis of location of the facial neuroma, review facial nerve function and hearing preservation postoperatively, and understand the characteristics of patients with tumors limited to the cerebellopontine angle or internal auditory canal. We also report an unusual case of a facial neuroma limited to the nervus intermedius. METHODS: Nine patients with facial neuromas and one with Jacobson's nerve neuroma underwent surgery, and total resection was accomplished in nine patients. A chart review for pre- and postoperative data was performed, after which all patients were evaluated on an outpatient basis. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 47 years; mean follow-up time was 33.1 months. The most common presenting symptoms were hearing loss (six patients) and facial paresis (five patients). A total of five patients had progressive (four patients) or recurrent (one patient) facial paresis. No patient experienced worsened hearing as a result of surgery, and one experienced improvement in a conductive hearing deficit. Five patients required cable graft repair of the facial nerve; four improved to House-Brackmann Grade 3 facial paresis. Four of five patients with preserved anatomic continuity of the facial nerve regained normal facial function. There were no surgical complications. No tumors have recurred during follow-up. We report the second nerve sheath tumor limited to the nervus intermedius. CONCLUSION: This series documents that facial neuromas can be resected safely with preservation of facial nerve and hearing function. Preservation of anatomic continuity of the facial nerve should be attempted, and it does not seem to lead to frequent recurrence. Tumors limited to the cerebellopontine angle/internal auditory canal are a unique subset of facial neuromas with characteristics that vary greatly from facial neuromas in other locations, and they are indistinguishable clinically from acoustic neuromas.
Intracranial trigeminal neuroma involving the infratemporal fossa: Case report and review of the literature; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: Intracranial trigeminal neuroma extending extracranially is not a common finding. We report the case of a patient with a right cystic trigeminal neuroma arising in the middle temporal fossa and infratemporal areas. The clinical, radiological, and intraoperative features of these unusual lesions are discussed, and the relevant literature is reviewed. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 35-year-old woman presented with a 4-year history of right serous otitis media associated with recent right facial paresthesia. A neurological examination revealed hypesthesia in the mandibular division of the right trigeminal nerve. Computed tomographic and magnetic resonance imaging scans demonstrated a 6 x 6 x 4-cm well-enhancing cystic mass arising from the middle temporal fossa and extending extracranially to the infratemporal fossa through the enlarged foramen ovale. INTERVENTION: The tumor was extradural and originated from the right mandibular nerve. It was subtotally removed via a subtemporal-intradural and extradural approach. A pathological examination revealed a cystic neuroma. The patient has remained well during 12 months of follow-up, and no evidence of recurrence has been noted on magnetic resonance imaging studies. CONCLUSION: Unilateral serous otitis media by obstruction of the eustachian tube is a rare initial manifestation of trigeminal neuroma. We emphasize the benefit of neuroradiological examinations (both computed tomographic scanning and magnetic resonance imaging), which provided the clearest preoperative localization of this large intra- and extracranial tumor. A combined frontotemporal and infratemporal fossa approach is preferred, considering the difficulty of surgical removal. The prognosis for most patients was good. Twenty-five previously reported cases were also reviewed.
The improving-muscal-trainning on idiopathic facial palsy; Objective: To study the effect of the improving-muscal-trainning on idiopathic facial palsy. Methods: 56 patients of idiopathic facial palsy were randomly divided into two groups, treatment group(28 cases) and control group(28 cases), control group were given the clinical treatment and training group were given the clinical treatment and the improving-muscal-trainning, the signs of idiopathic facial palsy assessed in MMT and simplified-clinical-scale in pre-treatment and post-treatment, and the electromyography of facial were detected. Results: The post-treatment scores (measured by simplified-clinical- scale) of treatment group were 14.9 higher than the scores of pre-treatment, the scores of the control group only improved 5.5 (P < 0.05); The post-treatment scores (measured by the MMT) of treatment group were 3 higher than the scores of pre-treatment, the scores of the control group only improved 0.8 (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The improving-muscal-trainning on idiopathic facial palsy may obviously improve the effect of treatment.
Corticosteroids for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).; BACKGROUND: Inflammation and oedema of the facial nerve are implicated in causing Bell's palsy. Corticosteroids have a potent anti-inflammatory action which should minimise nerve damage and thereby improve the outcome of patients suffering from this condition. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this review was to assess the effect of steroid therapy in the recovery of patients with Bell's palsy. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group register for randomised trials, as well as MEDLINE, EMBASE and LILACS (to December 2000). We contacted known experts in the field to identify additional published or unpublished trials. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised trials comparing different routes of administration and dosage schemes of corticosteroid or adrenocorticotrophic hormone therapy versus a control group where no therapy considered effective for this condition was administered, unless it was also given in a similar way to the experimental group. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers independently assessed eligibility, trial quality, and extracted the data. MAIN RESULTS: Three trials with a total of 117 patients were included. One trial compared cortisone acetate with placebo; one compared prednisone plus vitamins, with vitamins alone; and one, not-placebo controlled, tested the efficacy of methylprednisolone. Allocation concealment was appropriate in two trials, and the data reported allowed an intention-to-treat analysis. Overall 13/59 (22%) of the patients allocated to steroid therapy had incomplete recovery of facial motor function six months after randomisation, compared with 15/58 (26%) in the control group. This reduction was not significant (relative risk 0.86, 95% confidence interval 0.47 to 1.59). The reduction in the proportion of patients with cosmetically disabling sequelae six months after randomisation was also not significant (relative risk 0.86, 95% confidence interval 0.38 to 1.98). REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: The available evidence from randomised controlled trials does not show significant benefit from treating Bell's palsy with corticosteroids. More randomised controlled trials with a greater number of patients are needed to determine reliably whether there is real benefit (or harm) from the use of steroid therapy in patients with Bell's palsy.
Decompression for Bell's palsy: Why I don't do it; All decompression surgery is based on the lack of understanding that Bell's palsy is a viral demyelinating disease that is longitudinal - not perpendicular - to the facial canal and that surgery cannot possibly help a viral disease. These findings exclude the etiologic possibility of an "ischemic paralysis" and are in accord with our logically derived belief that treatment directed to relieve neural entrapment is a wasted effort.
Peripheral facial paralysis as initial manifestation of hypertension in a child; Hypertension is one of the rare causes of peripheral facial paralysis in children. The unawareness of this association at presentation may cause serious medical errors and result in delays in the diagnosis of hypertension, which may worsen with corticosteroid therapy given for Bell's palsy. We describe a severely hypertensive child who was first seen with peripheral facial paralysis and given corticosteroid therapy in another hospital. She presented to our clinic during the second facial paralysis attack with hypertensive pontine hemorrhage.
Cephalic tetanus as a result of rooster pecking: An unusual case; In this paper, a case of cephalic tetanus caused by rooster pecking to the face is presented. Cephalic tetanus is a rare type of tetanus defined by trismus and paralysis of 1 or more cranial nerves. On admission to hospital the patient had facial palsy and trismus. With proper medical management she recovered without any relapse.
Recurrent attacks of facial nerve palsy as the presenting sign of leukemic relapse; Objective: To present an unusual case of recurrent facial palsy resulting from acute leukemic infiltration of the parotid gland. Study Design: Case report. Methods: An 11-year-old boy who had been treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) from 3 to 6 years of age presented with intermittent left facial nerve palsy with concurrent ipsilateral parotid fullness. The initial findings at diagnosis and workup are presented, and the disease progression and resolution with therapy are documented. Results: The patient had been off therapy when this finding developed. A workup for central and viral etiologies for the facial palsy was unrevealing. Biopsy of the parotid gland demonstrated a lymphoblastic leukemic infiltrate. The patient was placed on a chemotherapy protocol for relapsed leukemia, resulting in complete resolution of the facial palsy. Conclusion: Isolated facial nerve dysfunction, albeit rare, has been documented as a sign of central nervous system involvement in leukemia, but until now this presentation has not been described in the setting of leukemic relapse presenting with acute infiltration of the parotid gland.
Adverse event reports following vaccination for Lyme disease: December 1998-July 2000; Context: The vaccine adverse event reporting system (VAERS) monitors vaccine safety post-licensure. Although events reported to VAERS are not necessarily causally associated with vaccination, VAERS reports can be used to identify possible safety concerns that occur at too low a rate to have been identified prior to licensure. Objective: To evaluate adverse events following Lyme disease vaccination reported to VAERS during the first 19 months of the vaccine's licensure. Design, setting, and participants: Analysis of all VAERS reports of adverse events following vaccination for Lyme disease in the US from 28 December 1998 to 31 July 2000. Main outcome measure: We evaluated reported adverse events for unexpected patterns in age, gender, time to onset, dose number, and clinical characteristics and compared them to adverse events observed in clinical trials of this vaccine. Results: Over 1,400,000 doses were distributed and 905 adverse events were reported to VAERS, 440 in men and 404 in women, with ages ranging from 10 to 82 years. The majority (56%) of adverse events occurred after administration of the first dose. The most frequently reported adverse events were arthralgia (250), myalgia (195), and pain (157). There were 59 reports coded as arthritis, 34 as arthrosis, 9 as rheumatoid arthritis, and 12 as facial paralysis. Sixty-six (7.4%) events were classified as serious, involving life-threatening illness, hospitalization, prolongation of hospitalization, persistent or significant disability/incapacity, or death. Twenty-two hypersensitivity reactions were reported. Conclusions: Based on reporting to VAERS, we did not detect unexpected or unusual patterns of reported adverse events following Lyme disease vaccine administration, other than hypersensitivity reactions, compared with adverse events observed in clinical trials.
Emotional experience and perception in the absence of facial feedback; The facial feedback hypothesis suggests that facial expressions are either necessary or sufficient to produce emotional experience. Researchers have noted that the ideal test of the necessity aspect of this hypothesis would be an evaluation of emotional experience in a patient suffering from a bilateral facial paralysis; however, this condition is rare and no such report has been documented. We examined the role of facial expressions in the determination of emotion by studying a patient (F.P.) suffering from a bilateral facial paralysis. Despite her inability to convey emotions through facial expressions, F.P. reported normal emotional experience. When F.P. viewed emotionally evocative slides her reactions were not dampened relative to the normative sample. F.P. retained her ability to detect, discriminate, and image emotional expressions. These findings are not consistent with theories stating that feedback from an active face is necessary to experience emotion, or to process emotional facial expressions.
Unilateral cranial and phrenic nerve involvement in axonal Guillain-Barré syndrome; A 49-year-old woman developed acute left facial, hypoglossal, and phrenic nerve palsies, as well as dysphagia and weakness in the neck and arms. Electrophysiologic studies showed an acute motor axonal neuropathy. Serum anti-GM1 IgG antibody was positive. Intavenous immunoglobulin treatment resulted in good clinical recovery. The present report indicates that the cranial and phrenic nerves may be affected unilaterally in Guillain-Barré syndrome, and that there is clinical variability in the axonal subtype of this syndrome. © 2002 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Nerve granulomas and vasculitis in sarcoid peripheral neuropathy. A clinicopathological study of 11 patients; Peripheral neuropathy is a rare, yet treatable manifestation of sarcoidosis, a multisystem disorder characterized by the presence of non-caseating granulomas that are seldom found in nerve biopsy specimens. In order to learn more about the subject, we reviewed our clinical and pathological findings in a series of 11 patients (six men and five women aged 26-83 years) with symptomatic neuropathy associated with characteristic granulomas in nerve biopsy specimens. Only two patients were known to have sarcoidosis before the occurrence of the neuropathy. The neuropathy was focal or multifocal in six patients, including one with a multifocal neuropathy associated with conduction blocks, and one with a multifocal axonal motor deficit. Four patients had a distal symmetrical deficit and one patient had a Guillain-Barré-like syndrome with facial diplegia and respiratory failure. Serum angiotensin-converting enzyme concentration was elevated in only two patients. Epineurial granulomas and perineuritis were present in all nerve specimens. The inflammatory infiltrates invaded the endoneurium, following connective tissue septae and blood vessels, in five patients. Multinucleated giant cells were found in eight patients and necrotizing vasculitis in seven. Inflammatory lesions were associated with variable, asymmetrical involvement of nerve fascicles and axon loss. A muscle specimen was sampled during the same procedure in 10 patients. It showed inflammatory infiltrates and granulomas in nine patients and necrotizing vasculitis in two. Immunolabelling showed a mixed inflammatory infiltrate of T cells (predominantly CD4+ cells) and macrophages, in keeping with a delayed hypersensitivity reaction. In addition to nerve involvement, all patients had at least one other tissue or organ affected, including muscle in nine patients, lungs and/or intrathoracic lymph nodes in eight, skin in three, arthritis in two, and peripheral lymph nodes, stomach and eye in one patient each. Most patients improved on corticosteroids. Two patients remain free of symptoms after 7 years. Severe side-effects of long-term treatment with corticosteroids occurred in two patients, leading to death in one. This study illustrates the wide range of clinical manifestations of sarcoid neuropathy and the frequent association of granulomatous inflammatory infiltrates with necrotizing vasculitis and with silent or symptomatic involvement of other organs.
Regression of brain metastases from breast carcinoma after chemotherapy with bendamustine; Purpose: Bendamustinehydrochloride (bendamustine) is an alkylator with anticipated antimetabolic activity. It has shown activity in malignant lymphoma and breast cancer. Up to now there are no reports about the activity of bendamustine in the treatment of brain metastases. We report on a 38-year-old woman with brain metastases from breast cancer. The first diagnosis of an invasive ductal, hormone receptor negative breast cancer was made in October 1997, stage pT1c pN2 (11/11)cM0 - G3. After lumpectomy and resection of axillary lymph nodes, the patient received adjuvant chemo- and radiotherapy. Twenty six months after the first diagnosis, bone metastases occurred and were treated with radiotherapy. One month later, multiple liver metastases developed which were treated with trastuzumab and paclitaxel. Four months later, progress of the liver metastases and malignant infiltration of bone marrow with thrombopenia occurred. Methods: Chemotherapy with bendamustine at a dose of 150 mg/m2 on day 1and 2 was initiated. Two days later, the patient suffered from central facial palsy and subsequent computed tomography (CT) revealed three brain metastases in the frontal, parietal and occipital region. Because of the advanced liver metastases with clinical and laboratory signs of liver insufficiency and the reduced performance status of the patient, chemotherapy with bendamustine was continued and no local treatment of the brain metastases was performed. Results: After two courses of bendamustine, ultrasound showed regression of the liver metastases. Liver enzymes decreased, platelets increased, and the patient's performance status improved. Additionally, two of the three brain metastases were no longer detectable by CT, the third had decreased compared to the time of diagnosis. Conclusion: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report describing major activity of bendamustine in cerebral metastases. Thus, it may be considered as another therapeutic strategy against metastatic brain cancer. However, this finding warrants further investigation in clinical trials.
Facial nerve paralysis and meningioma of the internal auditory canal; Pathological lesions confined to the internal auditory canal (IAC) commonly present with cochleovestibular symptoms; sensorineural hearing loss, tinnitus and balance disturbance. The commonest lesion of the IAC is vestibular schwannoma. Other lesions include meningioma, facial neuroma, cavernous haemangioma, lipoma and arachnoid cyst. Presentation with facial palsy and an intracanalicular lesion is suggestive of pathology other than acoustic neuroma. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) cannot reliably distinguish intracanalicular vestibular schwannomas from meningiomas. Particular care is required for surgery of these lesions: The facial nerve typically does not lie in a protected anterior position within the IAC.
Granulomatous cheilitis as the primary manifestation of Crohn's disease: A case report; Granulomatous cheilitis is a skin disease of unknown etiology, either occuring isolated or accompanying Melkersson-Rosenthal-Syndrome. The disorder is preferably observed in middle-aged adults. A commonly accepted standard therapy is not known. In this case, we report about a male patient who suffered from granulomatous cheilitis since years, thereby revealing the disease as an early manifestation of Crohn's disease.
Botulinum toxin treatment for hyperlacrimation secondary to aberrant regenerated seventh nerve palsy or salivary gland transplantation; Aim: To investigate the potential of botulinum toxin A for treating hyperlacrimation. Methods: Three patients with unilateral symptoms of hyperlacrimation (diagnosed as "crocodile tearing") and one patient with a submandibular salivary gland transplant (SMGT) were studied. Tear production was quantified in the resting and stimulated (chewing or following exercise) state, using Schirmer's test and tear clearance. Lacrimal scintigraphy was used to assess outflow. Intraglandular injections (for patients with "crocodile tears") or periglandular injections (for the SMGT patient) of Dysport were administered in divided doses. Results: Two of the three eyes with reported gustatory lacrimation had a higher Schirmer test result than their fellow eye following gustatory stimulation. Scintigraphy, with and without stimulation, confirmed a patent drainage system in these patients. The other patient demonstrated a functional obstruction to tear flow. After treatment patients with confirmed gustatory lacrimation and the SMGT patient had a marked reduction in tearing at 2 weeks. This effect lasted 3-4 months. There was no demonstrable improvement in the patient with epiphora secondary to functional obstruction. Two patients who had received intraglandular injections developed a ptosis, which resolved spontaneously. Conclusions: This study illustrates that gustatory lacrimation is a difficult diagnosis. In post-facial nerve palsy a functional element must always be considered. However, in confirmed hyperlacrimation botulinum toxin treatment is effective but side effects may occur.
Bell's palsy: idiopathic or infectious?; Bell's palsy (BP), is a disease of unknown etiology; it's thought to be idiopathic, although it seems to be linked with infections, in particular viral ones. Within three weeks, three cases of BP were admitted to our hospital. The investigations suggested different causes: Herpes simplex virus infection, neuroborreliosis and the side effect of an influenza vaccine. Based on the literature, guidelines were established for the diagnostic evaluation and management of cases of BP in our hospital. Criteria for cerebral radiologic imaging procedures and laboratory investigations are discussed. We propose therapeutic strategies adapted to the probable cause of BP. In conclusion BP is associated with several distinct disease entities and the description of Sir Bell in the XIXth century appears outdated. In any case of BP the aim should be to find a specific etiology in order to give appropriate treatment.
Bilateral peripheral facial palsy secondary to lymphoma in a patient with HIV/AIDS: a case report and literature review.; Neurological complications represent one of the most important causes of morbidity and mortality in patients with HIV/AIDS. However, peripheral neuropathy comprises only 5% to 20% of the total neurological complications and facial nerve palsy, especially when it is bilateral, is a less common manifestation. Peripheral facial palsy has been considered as a possible neurological complication of the early stage of HIV infection but the number of reported cases in the literature is limited. Histological findings of nervous tissue in peripheral facial palsy at an early stage of HIV infection include a degenerative and not suppurative inflammatory process, but its etiology remains obscure. Peripheral facial palsy in the late stage of HIV infection is characterized by an advanced immunological deficit and generally it is secondary to an opportunistic infection of the CNS, such as neurotoxoplasmosis and lymphoma. However, this peripheral attack of the facial nerve is not very common at this late stage of HIV infection. Bilateral peripheral facial palsy as a complication of non-Hodgkin s lymphoma is considered an extremely rare entity. There are no published reports of bilateral peripheral facial palsy secondary to lymphomas or other neoplasms of the CNS in immunosuppressed patients. Non-Hodgkin s lymphoma (NHL) has been considered a late and relatively common manifestation of HIV infection, but an exact cause for the higher incidence of this malignant neoplasm in HIV/AIDS patients is still uncertain.
Oculomotor nerve paralysis and bilateral facial nerve paralysis as presenting signs of Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a tick-borne illness caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. On occasions, patients with Lyme disease present with isolated cranial nerve palsies; multiple palsies have rarely been reported in the literature. We discuss the case of a patient, who presented with a third nerve palsy and bilateral seventh nerve palsies and was subsequently diagnosed as suffering from Lyme disease. To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of Lyme disease presenting with this combination of neurological signs. A 53-year-old male from the Scottish Western Isles presented with a two-day history of double vision. On examination, he was found to have a left third cranial nerve palsy and a left seventh cranial nerve palsy. Five days later, the patient developed a right seventh cranial nerve palsy. Serum and CSF enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and Western blot analysis were both positive for Lyme disease as was CSF polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis. Subsequently, the patient gave a history of multiple tick bites over the previous few years. He was commenced on appropriate antibiotic therapy and oral prednisolone. A rapid improvement in his condition was noted. This case demonstrates the importance of considering the diagnosis of Lyme disease in patients with multiple cranial neuropathies, especially those residing in, or with a history of travel to, endemic areas. In addition, it illustrates how early diagnosis, with the institution of appropriate therapy, leads to a prompt improvement in neurological symptoms and signs.
Chemoembolization of oral and oropharyngeal cancer using a high-dose cisplatin crystal suspension and degradable starch microspheres; The aim of the study was to achieve intensification of intraarterial chemotherapy of head and neck cancer with high-dose cisplatin by establishing a new method of chemoembolization which can be routinely used without the earlier drawbacks of the method (low drug dosage due to early occlusion of the small head and neck vessels, danger of local damage). Thirty two patients with previously untreated oral and oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinomas of all stages were treated by at least one superselective chemoembolization via femoral approach using a new preparation format of 150 mg/m2 cisplatin which is an aqueous crystal suspension. In defined cases, combination with the delivery of degradable starch microspheres (DSM). Systemic neutralization with sodium thiosulfate. Primary end points were tolerance and response. Subsequent treatment was surgery or radiation. Chemoembolization succeeded in all 37 interventions to date. Overall response after one cycle was 64.7% using the cisplatin crystal suspension only (n = 17) and 86.6% using additional DSM chemoembolization (n = 15), as assessed 3 weeks after treatment. Systemic toxicity was extremely low, local side-effects (pain, swelling, small necrosis) were pronounced after additional delivery of DSM. There have been three complications (tracheotomy due to swelling, temporary facial paralysis twice due to embolization of the geniculate ganglion). Using the high-dose cisplatin crystal suspension, chemoembolization can routinely be used in the head and neck area as neoadjuvant therapy. Response was better than with former comparable regimens. The additional delivery of DSM was complicated, restricted to certain areas and unreliable in the dosage needed and might be omitted, therefore. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Rehabilitation of the paralysed or lax lower eyelid using a graft of conchal cartilage; Excessive laxity of the tarso-ligamentous sling of the lower eyelid may be caused by inadequate muscular support (resulting from injury to the muscle, facial palsy or senile degeneration) or prolonged mechanical distension (exophthalmia). Numerous techniques have been devised for functional reconstruction of the distended lower eyelid, based upon the principle that restoring the lower eyelid to its anatomical position will improve lacrimal transit and re-establish its natural protective function. We now use an autologous conchal cartilage graft to treat the distended or atonic lower eyelid. We review our results in a retrospective study of 20 patients, and aim to identify the indications for this procedure and to evaluate its advantages and disadvantages relative to other existing methods. All of our patients reported functional improvement after the operation in terms of decreased dry-eye symptoms, less epiphora and a decline in keratitis and conjunctivitis. All patients also reported a visible cosmetic improvement postoperatively. The major drawback of this operation is the partial loss of the visual field when looking down, due to the limited lowering of the lower eyelid. The stability of our results compares favourably with that achieved using other currently available techniques. We conclude that autologous conchal cartilage grafting is an effective procedure for improving both the function and the appearance of the atonic lower eyelid. © 2002 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons.
Overdiagnosis and overtreatment of Lyme disease in children; Aim. To determine the incidence of overdiagnosis and overtreatment of Lyme disease in children residing in endemic areas using standardized CDC diagnostic criteria. Methods. Case series, using data collected prospectively from patients referred for Lyme disease to a tertiary care center located in an area endemic for Lyme disease. Data were collected on all referred cases during a 30-month period from August, 1995, to February, 1998. Results. We evaluated 216 patients with ages from birth to 18 years. Results of Lyme enzymelinked immunosorbent assay and Western blot studies were available for all patients evaluated. Of these, 68 (31%) fulfilled the criteria for active Lyme disease, most commonly having arthritis, facial nerve palsy, aseptic meningitis or erythema migrans; 39 (18%) had a prior history of Lyme disease and were referred with an acute intercurrent illness or lower school grades attributed to the previous Lyme disease; 77% of these were receiving therapy at the time of referral; 109 (50%) of 216 had no past or current evidence of Lyme disease, yet 79% were receiving therapy at the time of referral. Conclusions. Overdiagnosis and overtreatment of Lyme disease is a major concern in areas endemic for Lyme disease, even after 1995 when standard criteria for diagnosis were published. The most common problem in diagnosis was misinterpretation of Western immunoblot results.
Bilateral simultaneous facial nerve palsy; Bilateral simultaneous facial nerve palsy is an extremely rare clinical entity with Bell's palsy responsible for a mere 20 per cent of cases. It is, therefore, important that clinicians are aware of the differential diagnosis when evaluating a case.
Masqueraders of angioedema and urticaria; Objectives: Reading this article will remind the reader that some patients presenting with complaints of urticaria and angioedema may not have urticaria or angioedema at all, but may have other causes, often unusual, sometimes treatable. It will also increase the reader's ability to recognize masqueraders of angioedema, urticaria, and facial swelling thought to be angioedema. Data Sources: Data for this article come mainly from the authors' personal experiences and selected references to illustrate points made in the article. Study Selection: The criteria used are patients and articles from the authors' experiences that illustrate the point of this article that patients presenting with urticaria and angioedema may have other diseases and some of these are treatable. Results: The objectives will be met by patient presentations plus pertinent literature review. Conclusions: Some patients presenting as angioedema and urticaria have swelling and skin lesions attributable to other causes. Although they are uncommon, they are sometimes treatable. Not all patients referred to an allergist for angioedema have angioedema.
Geniculate neuralgia: Long-term results of surgical treatment; A rare cause of otalgia is geniculate neuralgia. In its most typical form, it is characterized by severe paroxysmal neuralgic pain centered directly in the ear. The pain can be of a gradual onset and of a dull, persistent nature, but occasionally it is sharp and stabbing. When the pain becomes intractable, an operation to surgically excise the nervus intermedius and geniculate ganglion via the middle cranial fossa approach is indicated. The purpose of this article is to review the long-term outcomes in 64 patients who were treated in this manner. Findings indicate that excision of the nervus intermedius and geniculate ganglion can be routinely performed without causing facial paralysis and that it is an effective definitive treatment for intractable geniculate neuralgia.
Cross-face nerve graft with free-muscle transfer for reanimation of the paralyzed face: A comparative study of the single-stage and two-stage procedures; The most accepted method for reanimation of the paralyzed face is the two-stage method that combines cross-face nerve graft with free-muscle transfer. Although the results of reconstruction with this method are satisfactory, there is an excessive delay between stages, which prolongs the period of rehabilitation. In 1995, Kumar overcame this and presented his preliminary results from a single-stage transfer of the gracilis. We compared the long-term results of the single-stage with the two-stage method of reconstruction. Patients selected the method of reconstruction on the basis of the information, photographs of scars, and video recording of results given to them at a special facial palsy clinic. Ten patients selected the single-stage reconstruction and 15 selected the two-stage reconstruction. The mean follow-up period was 3 years. The results of the two methods are comparable, with 90 percent of the patients who underwent the single-stage and 93 percent of those who underwent the two-stage procedures having good and fair results. However, the two-stage method scored good symmetry at rest in 67 percent, compared with 20 percent for the single-stage method. There were fewer complications with the single-stage method, and none of the patients had any problems relating to the donor site. The period of rehabilitation was reduced by 10 months with the single-stage method.
Facial palsy from metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma at various sites: Three reports; Nasopharyngeal carcinoma that causes clinically evident facial palsy is uncommon. This article describes and discusses a series of cases that illustrates how nasopharyngeal carcinoma caused facial palsy as a result of facial nerve involvement at three sites: the cerebellopontine angle, the middle ear, and the parotid. The maxim, "All that palsies is not Bell's," is particularly relevant with respect to patients who have previously been treated for advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma. In these patients, recurrent or persistent nasopharyngeal carcinoma involving the cerebellopontine angle, temporal bone, or parotid should be excluded.
Association between Bell's palsy in pregnancy and pre-eclampsia; Background: Previous published case series have suggested an association between the onset of Bell's palsy in pregnancy and the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension. Aim: To evaluate the period of onset of Bell's palsy in pregnancy and the associated risk of adverse maternal and perinatal events, including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Study design: Case series study of consecutive female patients. Methods: Women presenting with Bell's palsy during pregnancy or the puerperium were identified by a hospital record review at five Canadian centres over 11 years. Information was abstracted about each woman's medical and obstetrical history, period of onset of Bell's palsy, and associated maternal complications, including preeclampsia and gestational hypertension as well as preterm delivery and low infant birth weight (<2500 g). These rates were compared to those previously described for the province of Ontario or for Canada. Results: Forty-one patients were identified. Mean onset of Bell's palsy was 35.4 weeks gestation (SD 3.9). Nine (22.0%, 95%CI 10.8-35.7) were also diagnosed with pre-eclampsia and three (7.3%, 95%CI 1.4-17.1) with gestational hypertension, together (29.3%, 95%CI 16.5-43.9) representing nearly a five-fold increase over the expected provincial/national average. There were three twin births. The observed rates of Caesarean (43.6%) and preterm (25.6%) delivery, as well as low infant birth weight (22.7%), were also higher than expected, although the rate of congenital anomalies (4.5%) was not. Conclusions: The onset of Bell's palsy during pregnancy or the puerperium is probably associated with the development of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Pregnant women who develop Bell's palsy should be closely monitored for hypertension or pre-eclampsia, and managed accordingly.
Local injection of botulinum toxin type A for hemifacial spasm; The preliminary experience of botulinum toxin treatment for hemifacial spasm is reported in this study. Five patients were treated with 10 injections of botulinum toxin in total. Botulinum toxin had a good to excellent effect in all cases. Improvement was observed 2 weeks to 1 month after the injection. The duration of improvement was 0-9 months (mean 4.2 months). The peak rank tended to decrease and the duration of improvement increased after several treatments. Hemifacial spasm caused by the anterior inferior cerebellar artery tended to subside easily. In contrast, compression by the vertebral artery was more refractory. Continuous facial spasm caused by operative trauma subsided after the injection, but paroxysmal spasm still occurred when eating or laughing. Spasm caused by trauma disappeared 4.5 months after the injection. The complications, which were facial nerve paresis in two cases (3 injections, 30%) and diplopia in one case (1 injection, 10%), were transient and subsided in 2 weeks.
Pseudobulbar palsy caused by a large petroclival meningioma: Report of two cases; Two patients sought treatment for symptoms of bulbar motor dysfunction and the marked emotional lability that characterizes pseudobulbar palsy (PBP). Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging showed large petroclival masses with severe compression and displacement of the brainstem. A suboccipital craniectomy with a transpetrosal, transtentorial approach to the tumor was performed in both patients. One patient required a second-stage surgery to resect an extension of the tumor into the cavernous sinus. In both patients pathological evaluation confirmed the diagnosis of syncytial meningioma. After surgery, PBP resolved in both patients. Large posterior fossa tumors should be included in the diffrential diagnosis of patients with a clinical picture of bulbar motor dysfunction coupled with emotional lability.
Clinical use of electrogustometry: Strengths and limitations; Electrogustometry (EGM) has a number of strengths and a few limitations in clinical use. The strengths of EGM are: (i) the range of measurements can be kept constant; (ii) quantitative control of the intensity of the stimulation is possible; (iii) only a short period of time is required for testing; (iv) it is possible to detect even slight taste disorders for which the patient has no subjective symptoms; (v) it is useful for topognosis of lesions of taste pathways and for determining prognosis; and (vi) it is the only quantitative method for diagnosing disorders of the glosssopharyngeal nerve. The limitations of EGM are: (i) it is not useful for determining or diagnosing some of the symptoms often complained of by patients with taste disorder, namely dissociated taste disorder, heterogeusia and spontaneous dysgeusia; and (ii) it is not useful for following the progress of taste disorder. The many strengths and few limitations of EGM make it the first choice among taste examinations. This paper describes the clinical use of EGM as well as discussing other taste examinations used in our taste clinic and, in particular, the advantages and disadvantages of filter paper disk testing with taste solutions.
Bell's palsy and acyclovir; A short cut review was carried out to establish whether acyclovir improves functional recovery in Bell's palsy. Altogether 49 papers were found using the reported search, of which two presented the best evidence to answer the clinical question. The author, date and country of publication, patient group studied, study type, relevant outcomes, results and study weaknesses of these papers are tabulated. A clinical bottom line is stated.
Granulomatous cheilitis: Treatment with metronidazole; We report the case of a 47-year-old woman with granulomatous cheilitis. The treatment with metronidazol (250 mg every 12 hours, one month) proved to be effective. Sach a dosis was progressively reduced during one year. One year later, the patientis free of symptoms.
Pseudotumor cerebri: Analysis of our series and literature review; Introduction. Pseudotumor cerebri (PC) is a complex syndrome characterized by increased intracranial pressure in the absence of any space occupying lesion, usually self-limiting, but often relapsing. Diagnosis is based on a record of intracranial pressure of over a limit of 250 mmH20. Morbidity is basically due to possible loss of vision associated with atrophy of the optic nerve. When the aetiology is unknown this clinical condition is known as idiopathic intracranial hypertension. Patients and methods, We describe the principal characteristics of a series of patients who were admitted to our department with the diagnosis of PC and review the relevant literature. Results. Altogether 14 patients (12 women and 2 men) were admitted with the diagnosis of PC. In 12 patients the disorder presented with headache, with or without associated symptoms of disorders of vision. The main visual symptoms were transient darkening of vision, scotomas, photopsias and reduction in visual acuity. The headache was holocranial, continuous and well-tolerated or alternatively uni- or bilateral, pulsatile, moderate, with or without photophobia, and with or without nausea and vomiting, Bilateral papilloedema was seen in all patients. In one case there was also bilateral facial palsy and neck rigidity. In four cases visual field measurement were abnormal (inferoneasal scotoma, bilateral concentric reduction). Progress was poor in only one case. Conclusion. In spite of being theoretically benign, and there being many forms of treatment, PC may cause considerable morbidity of vision, Therefore, early diagnosis and close follow-up attention is essential.
Electrical stimulation and Bell's palsy; A short cut review was carried out to establish whether electrical stimulation had any advantages over facial exercises in promoting recovery after Bell's palsy. Altogether 270 papers were found using the reported search, of which one presented the best evidence to answer the clinical question. The author, date, and country of publication, patient group studied, study type, relevant outcomes, results, and study weaknesses of this best paper are tabulated. A clinical bottom line is stated.
Corneal epithelial keratitis in herpes zoster ophthalmicus: "Delayed" and "sine herpete". A non-contact photomicrographic in vivo study in the human cornea; PURPOSE. To investigate the origin of corneal epithelial keratitis occurring without accompanying herpes zoster ophthalmicus (HZO) cutaneous rash. METHODS. Corneal epithelial lesions in seven patients (four with a history of classical HZO with cutaneous rash, one of herpes zoster oticus, and two with no history of herpes zoster, were examined with the slit lamp and photographed by non-contact in vivo photomicrography. The findings were compared with lesions in classical acute HZO. Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) was done in three patients. RESULTS. Slit lamp appearance, morphology at higher magnification, and kinetics of the lesions were indistinguishable from classical acute HZO. PCR was positive for varicella-zoster virus DNA in all three samples. CONCLUSIONS. The findings strongly suggest that HZO typical corneal epithelial lesions occurring in the absence of cutaneous rash are in fact recurrent episodes of virus shedding.
Lips kinetic disorders; There are many lips kinetic disorders whose clinical appearances greatly differ. An acute examination directs toward the diagnosis on a neurologic, neurogenous, muscular, myogenous, medicamentous, dermatological or psychiatric etiology. The authors review the different etiologies that have to be discussed, in order to choose the appropriate further investigations and specialized examinations, before a possible surgical treatment. © 2002 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Lips reanimation in facial palsy: Surgical approach; With an extensive review of the literature, the authors described the surgical approach of the labial reanimation in facial palsy. First they remind some important points about neural suture, with or without graft. After, the paliatives procedures are detailed (upper and lower lip, unilateral or bilateral). The main surgical treatments are exposed in technical notes, particularly lengthening temporalis myoplasty and free muscle transplantation. © 2002 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Indication of labial reanimation in facial palsy; The therapeutic approach of labial reanimation depends on several points, like the association with others abnormalities, the palsy which can be complete or partial, the age of the patient and the practice of the surgical team. Nevertheless, the authors try to propose a surgical approach of labial reanimation in facial palsy, depending on the facial nerve which can be reparable or not, and on the facial muscles which can be used or not. At least, the indications in partial labial palsy are recalled. © 2002 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Result of microvascular gracilis transplantation for facial paralysis - Personal series; Clinical series of segmental gracilis microvascular transplantation for the treatment of long-standing facial paralysis. Discussion on the evaluation of results and some data obtained from this series.
How I treat ... facial paralysis by hypoglosso-facial anastomosis; Thirteen patients underwent a hypoglosso- or a spino-facial nerve anastomosis between 1990 and 1996. Facial palsy was the result of surgery in 12 cases and of radiosurgery in 1 case. The mean interval between facial palsy and anastomosis was 12 months. Facial nerve function is determined on the basis of clinical examination according to the classification of House-Brackmann and our own evaluation. According to House, 10 patients are classified grade III and 3 grade IV. Our evaluation defines in 10 grade III, 7 good results and 3 fair results. As far as the good results are concerned, the mean interval between palsy and anastomosis is short (< 3 months). The permanent eating and swallowing dysfunctions are consecutive to multiple cranial nerve deficits. The post-paralysis hemifacial spasm is facilitated by prolongated electric stimulations.
Diagnosis of Heerfordt's syndrome by state-of-the-art ultrasound in combination with parotid biopsy: A case report; The parotid gland is rarely affected by sarcoidosis (6% of all cases). If there is initial parotitis, and other major symptoms include fever, uveitis, or facial paralysis, the condition is referred to as Heerfordt's syndrome. The case presented here describes the diagnostic work-up and differentiation of swelling of the parotid gland by employing state-of-the-art ultrasound techniques in a 33-year-old patient with Heerfordt's syndrome. Color-coded duplex ultrasound demonstrated hypervascularization. Tissue harmonic and photopic imaging ultrasound additionally depicted hypoechoic, septated structural lesions of the glandular parenchyma with an optimized contrast. Since such structural changes are not a specific sonographic criterion for sarcoidosis, ultrasound-guided biopsy was performed for further clarification of the etiology of parotitis and for excluding lymphoma. In conclusion, state-of-the-art ultrasound with the option of obtaining a biopsy at low risk is a useful procedure for diagnosing unclear pathology of the parotid gland with rapid histological confirmation.
Otosclerosis - Stapedotomy results; Introduction: Otospongiosis or otosclerosis is a common degenerative and hereditary disease of the labyrinth capsule and occurs mainly in women aged 20 to 30 years. In recent decades stapedotomy has increasingly become the most used surgical technique to the treatment of otosclerosis. Thus, this study analyzes the results of 59 stapedotomies performed at Paulista Hospital of Otorhinolaryngology during the last 7 years. Study design: Clinical randomized. Materials and Method: Retrospective analysis of 59 patients with otosclerosis who underwent stapedotomy performed by the same surgeon and clinical and audiological follow-up. Results: Hearing improvement proved by audiogram airbone gap closure in 53 patients (90%). The complications that occurred were displaced prosthesis (7%); taste alterations (7%); facial paralysis (3%); vertigo (3%); prosthesis total extrusion (1.5%); tinnitus (1.5%); tympanic membrane perforation (1.5%). Conclusion: Stapedotomy has been seen as good therapeutic choice to the treatment of conductive hearing loss by otosclerosis, considering that it generally has low morbidity and high success rates, providing better quality of life to these patients.
Eyelid gold weight for treatment of lagophthalmus in patients with facial palsy; Introduction: Lagophthalmus in facial palsy must be treated in order to avoid ocular complications. The gold weight eyelid implant as an alternative to tarsorrhaphy has been studied with good results. Aim: The purpose of this report is to study the effects of the gold weight eyelid implants for treatment of lagophthalmus. Study design: clinical retrospective not randomized. Material and method: 59 patients with lagophthalmus associated with facial paralysis of many different causes underwent gold weight implantation and were studied retrospectively. Results: All patients achieved satisfactory eyelid closure and improvement of ocular symptoms; 8.5% of patients had implant extrusion and 5% had infection. The average time with the implant varied from 6 months to 6 years, being removed in 20.3% of patients after recovery of the facial palsy. Discussion: Many methods have been described to enhance corneal protection in patients with facial palsy with different degrees of success and acceptance by the patient. The gold weight eyelid loading is a simple and easy technique with good cosmetic result. The average time with the implant is inconstant and the complications are rare. Conclusion: Gold weight eyelid implants in patients with facial palsy have good results for the treatment of lagophthalmus and prevention of ocular complications.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Case report and literature review; Introduction: Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare disease of unknown etiology, with hereditary predisposition. It is characterized by orofacial swelling, fissured tongue and recurrent peripheral facial palsy. After several episodes of facial palsy, permanent deficit may occur, leading to speech and feeding disabilities and emotional problems. These important sequelae justify the special attention required to the management of the facial palsy. Aim: The purpose of this study is to review the main clinical findings on Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and to analyze the treatment options. Material and Methods: We have reported four cases followed in our department and compared their treatments to the literature data. Results: In two cases the recurrent episodes of facial palsy resolved spontaneously to normal facial function, without medication therapy. In one case a partial decompression of the facial nerve was performed, returning to normal function afterwards. In another case, a recurrent episode of facial paralysis occurred after the partial decompression of facial nerve. Conclusion: The patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome who show facial palsy of unsatisfactory evolution or recurrent episodes may undergo surgical procedure.
Problems in physico- and physiotherapy of patients in the course of HIV infection and AIDS; In 1981, the first case was diagnosed of the disease later called "acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS). According to WHO data, by the end of 1998 over 30 million persons around the world were known to be infected by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); every day 16,000 new cases of HIV infection are reported, and several million people have died of AIDS. In Poland, by the end of 1999 several thousand persons had been infected with HIV, of whom several hundred had been diagnosed with AIDS. From the moment of infection to the full development of the disease takes about ten years. AIDS is spreading on an epidemic scale. Pharmalogical treatment is imperfect and only serves to slow the progress of the infection and delay the onset of AIDS. In the development of the disease we observe the appearance of changes in the central and peripheral nervous systems, caused directly by the action of the virus and by the worsening impairment of cell immunity. Multi-focal leukoencephalopathy is found In the brain, and in the peripheral nervous system there are symptoms of sensory polyneuropathy, followed by demyelinating neuropathy and symptoms of damage to multiple peripheral nerves. In practice, peripheral neuropathy occurs in conjection with subacute encephalitis and paresis of the cranial nerves, primarily V, VII and VIII. Lesions in the vicinity of the spinal cord cause weakening of muscle strength, sphincter disorders, and progressive plegia of the limbs. In many patients we also observe symptoms in the joints. In the physico- and physiotherapeutic treatment of these patients we recommend variable low-frequency magnetic fields for subacute encephalitis with involvement of the cranial nerves (the article specifies the parameters for the procedures and the exposure time, also for patients with symptoms of peripheral neuropathy and limb plegia). The possibilities of selective physicotherapy by other means is discussed. Physical therapy procedures are also presented in the course of joint disorders, and kinesitherapeutic procedures are discussed. In the balance of the article the detailed rules for personal hygiene in handling these patients are discussed. The risk of transmitting HIV infection during physio- and physiotherapeutic procedures has been estimated at 5- 10%. We have not had much experience in Poland with managing this group of patients. This article should be regarded as an attempt to raise problems which should be solved in cooperation.
Bell's palsy in pregnancy: A study of recovery outcomes; OBJECTIVE: To study facial nerve recovery in patients with Bell's palsy of pregnancy compared with that of the nonpregnant population. METHODS: A retrospective chart analysis was conducted of all patients seen within 6 weeks of the onset of Bell's palsy of pregnancy, with a minimum of 1-year follow-up. Recovery outcomes were compared with similarly chosen randomly selected groups of nonpregnant females 15 to 40 years old (group 1), nonpregnant females of all ages (group 2), males 15 to 40 years old (group 3), and males of all ages (group 4), all of whom were also seen within 6 weeks of onset. Recovery was categorized as satisfactory (House-Brackmann grade I to II) or unsatisfactory (House-Brackmann grade III or IV). The 2-tailed Fisher exact test was used to statistically analyze differences between groups. RESULTS: Fifty-two percent of women with Bell's palsy of pregnancy whose facial palsy progressed to complete paralysis within 10 days of onset recovered to a satisfactory level compared with 77% to 88% of comparison patients. These differences were statistically significant in all cases. Recovery for those with an incomplete palsy was satisfactory in virtually 100% of all patients studied. CONCLUSION: The prognosis for a satisfactory recovery for women who develop a complete facial paralysis with Bell's palsy while pregnant is significantly worse than for that for the general population. This information should be taken into consideration by all physicians involved in the counseling of these patients. Copyright © 2002 by the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc.
Facial paralysis caused by malignant skull base neoplasms.; OBJECT: Bell palsy remains the most common cause of facial paralysis. Unfortunately, this term is often erroneously applied to all cases of facial paralysis. METHODS: The authors performed a retrospective review of data obtained in 11 patients who were treated at a university-based referral practice between July 1988 and September 2001 and who presented with acute facial nerve paralysis mimicking Bell palsy. All patients were subsequently found to harbor an occult skull base neoplasm. A delay in diagnosis was demonstrated in all cases. Seven patients died of their disease, and four patients are currently free of disease. CONCLUSIONS: Although Bell palsy remains the most common cause of peripheral facial nerve paralysis, patients in whom neoplasms invade of the facial nerve may present with acute paralysis mimicking Bell palsy that fails to resolve. Delays in diagnosis and treatment in such cases may result in increased rates of mortality and morbidity.
Lower lip-lifting brace for bilateral facial nerve palsy: A case report; A 55-year-old man suffered from pontine hemorrhage 5 years before he visited our outpatient clinic with complaints of gait disturbance and dysphagia. At the first examination, his inability to close his mouth, eyes, and lower lip led to the diagnosis of facial diplegia. He was instructed to wear a gauze surgical mask and to use artificial saliva for his xerostomia. A videofluorogram of his swallowing excluded aspiration but revealed dysphagia attributable to neck hyperextension arising from efforts to prevent food spilling from his mouth. We prescribed a brace to lift his lower lip as a treatment of his dysphagia. This brace covered his chin to support his lower lip. Our brace resulted in improved function; liquids no longer leaked from his mouth and because the lip elevation eliminated his xerostomia, he no longer required artificial saliva or the gauze mask. © 2001 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine and the American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.
Concurrent myelitis and Guillain-Barré syndrome after varricella infection; Myelitis and Guillain-Barré syndrome occurring concurrently after varicella infection is very rare. A 34-year-old man presented with progressive flaccid tetraparesis, facial palsy, respiratory failure, sensory loss and urinary incontinence one week after varicella infection. Clinical, imaging and electrodiagnostic studies supported the diagnosis of myelitis and Guillain-Barré syndrome. He improved with intravenous acyclovir and gammaglobulin.
Evaluation of peripheral facial nerve palsy with R 2 wave latency in blink reflex; Electrically elicited blink reflexes were investigated in 60 patients with peripheral facial nerve palsy. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the utility of analysis of R 2 wave in blink reflex as a prognostic indicator for the patients with facial palsy. The patients treated by stellate ganglion block were classified into three groups: Group I scored more than 90 points (full score is 100 points) within 2 weeks, Group II scored more than 90 points over 2 weeks, and Group III scored less than 90 points. The examinations were performed at the first visit, and 2, 4, 6 weeks after the onset of facial palsy. Latencies of ipsilateral and contralateral R 2 wave were measured by electrical stimulation on both side. There were significant differences of R 2 latency between ipsilateral and contralateral side in each of the three groups at the first visit. In Group II, contralateral R 2 latency obtained by stimulation of the paralytic side was prolonged significantly. In Group III, the ipsilateral R 2 wave was not observed. The results of this study indicate that measurement of the R 2 latency of blink reflex is useful in judging the severity of the peripheral facial nerve palsy. The R 2 latencys obtained by stimulation of ipsilateral and contralateral side should be used as one of the parameters for evaluation of the prognosis of patients with peripheral facial nerve palsy.
Minimally invasive facial rejuvenation endolaser mid-face lift; Endolaser mid-face lift was performed on patients in a multi-center study over a 36-month period (Feb. 1998 to Feb. 2001). It permits significant facial rejuvenation through small incisions. This technique achieves aesthetic results and wider rejuvenation while being less traumatic and creating minimal morbidity. Combined with other procedures, it rejuvenates the face by three strategic methods: soft tissue suspension, reversal of photo aging, and correction of the depletion of volume. To achieve this triple result, the mid-face lift is performed by endoscopic approach, and in every case is combined with the endoscopic lift of the frontal area. Laser resurfacing was used to reverse skin photo damage. The Ultrapulse CO2 laser and/or the Ultrafine Erbium YAG(Coherent, Inc, Palo Alto, CA) were used. The third combined procedure was the introduction of fat graft to compensate the atrophy/ptosis of fat and the depletion of bone mass (other filling materials besides fat may be used, depending on the preference of the surgeon). Our method of fixation using the Casagrande Needle (an evolution of Reverdin Needle) makes the mechanical purchase on the tissues to be suspended much easier, permitting the intra-oral and/or infra-orbital incisions to be eliminated. The present study of the technical evolution of the endolaser mid-face lift method allows us to conclude that a very satisfactory outcome has been reached, offering patients a minimally invasive procedure, which can be performed under local anesthesia, with low morbidity, imperceptible incisions, and an excellent long-term result.
Strabismus surgery in the treatment of paralytic strabismus; Strabismus surgery may restore limited binocular function and improve cosmesis in patients with paralytic strabismus, Evaluation of the amount of residual function of the affected extraocular muscles is essential to determine which surgical procedure will yield the best results. Standard muscle resection techniques are effective for patients who have paretic extraocular muscles with residual function. Muscle transposition procedures are indicated for patients with total paralysis of an extraocular muscle. Autogenous and alloplastic materials may be required to fix the eye in primary position in patients with total paralysis of multiple extraocular muscles. This article discusses the recent literature regarding the evaluation and management of patients with paralytic strabismus. Current concepts regarding extraocular muscle transposition and the use of autogenous materials are emphasized. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Use of botulinum toxin in neuro-ophthalmology; Botulinum toxin produces a temporary chemical denervation, which initially was used to reduce the diplopia associated with paralytic strabismus. Subsequently, the drug was found to be effective in the management of dystonias, including hemifacial spasm and blepharospasm. More recently, there is evidence that botulinum toxin may lessen the pain associated with some movement disorders, tension headache, and migraine. The effect of botulinum toxin in temporary, but the therapeutic benefit usually is maintained even after repeated injections. The form of botulinum toxin used in clinical practice is the A serotype. Other serotypes may have a therapeutic role in the future. The mode of action and the clinical experience of botulinum toxin in neuro-ophthalmology is discussed. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Treatment of the idiopathic peripheral facial paresis (Bell's palsy); The actual therapeutic concepts of Bell's palsy are discussed regarding efficacy and costs. There are three main fields that require attention. 1. Prohibition of secondary lesions of the eye due to lagopthalmos is of major practical relevance and needs careful management. 2. For treatment of the nerve lesion itself only corticosteriodes can be recommended so far. Data on antiviral and rheologic medication are sparse and up to now do not meet evidence based criteria. 3. The best concept for improving regeneration after axonal damage is grimacing utilizing visual control. Almost all investigations on the therapeutic regime of Bell's palsy published in the last 20 years fail to meet the estimated number of 190-200 patients providing significant results.
A retrospective clinical evaluation of brainstem gliomas; Twelve cases of brainstem gliomas are reviewed in this report. Ten of these cases were patients with diffuse pontine glioma, while the other 2 were medullary tumors. The mean age of the patients at the time of diagnosis was 27 years. Eight of the patients were adults and 4 were children. Overall, the median time to progression was 26 weeks and the median survival time was 71 weeks. Eleven patients who had died at the time of their last follow-up were divided into 2 groups based on the median survival time: 1) Long-term survivors (LTS), or patients who survived more than 71 weeks after the initial diagnosis, and 2) Short-term survivors (STS), or patients who survived 71 weeks or less than 71 weeks after the initial diagnosis. There were some features differentiating the LTS and STS groups. As to the patient's age, 5 of 7 adult patients were LTS and all of the child patients were STS. Of the 6 patients who had enhanced lesions in their initial CT/MRI, 5 of them were STS. Five of the 6 patients whose symptoms had a duration of more than 1 month were LTS. On the other hand, All the 5 patients with a duration of symptoms of less than 1 month was STS.
Early versus late gold weight implantation for rehabilitation of the paralyzed eyelid; Objectives/Hypothesis: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the outcomes and complications associated with early gold weight implantation for management of the paralyzed eyelid. Study Design: A retrospective review of clinical charts was conducted to analyze results and complications in patients who underwent gold weight implantation within 30 days of onset of facial nerve paralysis and to compare these outcomes with those of patients who received gold weights after a traditional waiting period. Methods: The charts of 67 patients who underwent gold weight implantation during the time period of this study were reviewed. Patients were categorized into "early" or "late" groups based on whether gold weights were implanted before or after 30 days following onset of facial nerve paralysis. Etiology of facial nerve paralysis, degree of paralysis, timing of surgery, and outcomes of the procedure, including degree of lid closure and complication rates, were compared between the two groups. Results: Of the 67 patients, 49.3% underwent gold weight implantation within 30 days of onset of paralysis and 50.7% received gold weights after 30 days. A total of 89.2% of all patients who underwent implantation in this study achieved satisfactory lid closure after the initial procedure. Both early and late implantation groups had statistically similar lid closure and complication rates. Conclusions: Implantation of gold weights within 30 days of paralysis is as effective for the management of paralytic lagophthalmos as delayed implantation and is not associated with higher complication rates. Early implantation of gold weights should be considered in all patients with paralytic lagophthalmos.
Complications of static facial suspensions with expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE); Background: Expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (ePTFE) is a synthetic porous material that has been used for static suspension in facial paralysis. It is manufactured in thin (1-mm or 2-mm) sheets that can be cut into strips and implanted through keyhole facial incisions. Regional deformities are addressed by multiple suspensions that provide cosmetic and functional therapy. The use of ePTFE eliminates donor site morbidity associated with the traditional harvest of fascia from either the temporal area or fascia lata. However, properties unique to this alloplast contribute to the complications that have occurred after its use in facial reanimation. Objective: To describe complications with the use of ePTFE for facial suspension. Setting: Academic medical center. Method: Retrospective chart review and review of literature. Results: Six patients with facial paralysis who were treated with the EPTFE sling procedure had complications. Five slings failed because of stretch despite prestretching at implantation. One patient developed a late wound infection requiring removal of the sling. Conclusion: An ePTFE facial sling is an option for static facial suspension that can be therapeutic for patients with seventh nerve damage. There is a high rate of complications leading to revision surgery. Future studies are needed to evaluate alloplastic alternatives to ePTFE.
Contralateral reinnervation of midline muscles in facial paralysis; We report on a patient with recovery of activity of the left orbicularis oris and nasalis muscles 3 months after a complete left facial palsy. Stimulation of the affected facial nerve evoked no responses, whereas contralateral facial nerve stimulation showed polyphasic responses with very long latencies in the nasalis and orbicularis oris muscles. Needle electromyography (EMG) revealed abnormal spontaneous activity in the left orbicularis oris muscle. The motor unit action potentials on the left side of the face could be recruited only during marked contraction of the corresponding muscles on the right and were of low voltage and polyphasic ("nascent potentials"). Contralateral reinnervation is probably due to sprouting of terminal branches crossing the midline of the face and innervating bundles of muscle fibers on the affected side. This phenomenon seems unfamiliar to most clinicians. Whether the activity is due to conduction along nerve fibers or muscle fibers crossing the midline is discussed. © 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Computed tomography of the head before lumbar puncture in adults with suspected meningitis; Background: In adults with suspected meningitis clinicians routinely order computed tomography (CT) of the head before performing a lumbar puncture. Methods: We prospectively studied 301 adults with suspected meningitis to determine whether clinical characteristics that were present before CT of the head was performed could be used to identify patients who were unlikely to have abnormalities on CT. The Modified National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale was used to identify neurologic abnormalities. Results: Of the 301 patients with suspected meningitis, 235 (78 percent) underwent CT of the head before undergoing lumbar puncture. In 56 of the 235 patients (24 percent), the results of CT were abnormal; 11 patients (5 percent) had evidence of a mass effect. The clinical features at base line that were associated with an abnormal finding on CT of the head were an age of at least 60 years, immunocompromise, a history of central nervous system disease, and a history of seizure within one week before presentation, as well as the following neurologic abnormalities: an abnormal level of consciousness, an inability to answer two consecutive questions correctly or to follow two consecutive commands, gaze palsy, abnormal visual fields, facial palsy, arm drift, leg drift, and abnormal language (e.g., aphasia). None of these features were present at base line in 96 of the 235 patients who underwent CT scanning of the head (41 percent). The CT scan was normal in 93 of these 96 patients, yielding a negative predictive value of 97 percent. Of the three misclassified patients, only one had a mild mass effect on CT, and all three subsequently underwent lumbar puncture, with no evidence of brain herniation one week later. Conclusions: In adults with suspected meningitis, clinical features can be used to identify those who are unlikely to have abnormal findings on CT of the head. Copyright © 2001 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Temporal bone carcinoma; Temporal bone malignancy is rare, with squamous cell carcinoma the most common cancer of the external auditory canal, middle ear, and mastoid. There is no gender predominance, and most cases occur in the fifth and sixth decades of life. Otorrhea is the most common symptom of external auditory canal cancer. Diagnosis can be delayed because cancer mimics more common conditions of the external auditory canal, such as otitis externa. There is no universally accepted staging system, but several systems have been proposed and are useful for prognosis. Skull base CT scanning and MR imaging are essential for staging and treatment planning. Surgery is the primary treatment modality for temporal bone carcinoma. Lateral temporal bone resection is the most commonly recommended treatment for T1 lesions of the external auditory canal. Opinion is split as to the extent of resection for advanced disease. The majority of otologists surveyed would perform a piecemeal or STBR procedure, whereas a minority believed that TTBR was indicated in all cases of advanced disease. Half the otologists would resect the carotid artery for invasive disease to the carotid canal, and half would resect dura or temporal lobe for brain invasion. Postoperative radiotherapy is recommended for all T2, T3, and T4 lesions and is considered for T1 lesions depending on the site of the tumor and histologic evidence of invasion. In the past 50 years, survival rates for advanced lesions have improved in most series, from a 25% 5-year survival rate to a 50% survival rate. Poor prognostic factors include facial nerve paralysis, positive tumor resection margins, dural involvement, regional lymph node involvement, multiple cranial nerve involvement, and severe pain. There are a variety of recontructive techniques, but the temporalis flap is the favorite local, pedicled muscle flap.
Skull base reconstruction and rehabilitation; This article separates skull base reconstruction into the surgical procedures available for immediate reconstruction of a small base defect and the secondary rehabilitative procedures that may be performed at the later date, udually functional or cosmetics needs.
Life-threatening orthostatic hypotension in a case with bulbo-myelo-radiculo-neuropathy; A 59-year-old female developed acute autonomic failure accompanied by life-threatening orthostatic hypotension. Reduced plasma noradrenaline levels and enhanced pressure response to noradrenaline infusion were compatible with a diagnosis of acute pan-dysautonomia. However, nerve conduction tests clearly revealed motor and sensory nerve involvement and abnormal F-responses. A sural nerve biopsy and catecholamine fluorescence study of the rectal mucosa revealed relatively preserved postganglionic unmyelinated nerve fibers. Six weeks later, the patient developed another episode of bulbar palsy and right hemiparesis; the MRI showed lesions in the medulla oblongata and right cervical spinal cord. The prognosis of acute pan-dysautonomia is usually unsatisfactory, but the present patient showed good steroid-responsiveness probably because impaired preganglionic sympathetic myelinated fibers and medulla oblongata recovered quickly. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Extraneural metastasis in a child with atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor of the central nervous system; Atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor is a distinctive brain tumor appearing in infancy and early childhood. Leptomeningeal dissemination is common, both at presentation and relapse. Extracranial metastases of the central nervous system tumors are rarely seen. To our knowledge there is only one report with an atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor metastasizing via a ventriculoperitoneal shunt. We describe the first case of atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor of the central nervous system who developed lung metastasis without the presence of a shunt.
Schwannoma of the facial nerve; The authors present an infrequent case of a schwannoma of the facial nerve. In the symptomatology predominated a successively developing paresis of the facial nerve and tinnitus. Paresis of the facial nerve developed after viral disease and for a year it was mistaken for Bell's palsy. During that period the patient had repeated rehabilitation treatment which failed. CT examination which revealed changes in the temporal bone was made only one year after development of the paresis. After removal of the tumour it was found that the facial nerve is completely destroyed in the entire area of the mastoid and partly in the tympanic section of the nerve. An extensive fistula was found above the lateral semicircular canal. Reconstruction of the nerve was done by an intermediate graft from the nervus auricularis magnus and the fistula was obliterated. The resulting surgical situation involved open tympanoplastic technique with obliteration. One year after surgery the lesion of the facial nerve was classified as grade IV according to House-Brackmann's classification.
Clinical and radiological evidence to support superficial parotidectomy as the treatment of choice for chronic parotid sialadenitis: A retrospective study; We present a retrospective series of 23 consecutive parotidectomies, over a 10-year period (1989-1999) for 22 patients with chronic sialadenitis unresponsive to conservative measures. There were 10 male and 12 female patients. Mean age was 52 years (range 12-72), and mean duration of symptoms 4.5 years (range 8 months-30 years). All patients had preoperative sialography and 2 had computed tomography to exclude a neoplasm. A complete superficial parotidectomy with preservation of the main duct was done in all cases. Fifteen patients developed temporary facial nerve weakness postoperatively and 7 developed Frey's syndrome. There were no cases of permanent facial nerve palsy. Nineteen patients reported complete resolution of their symptoms and 3 patients had mild persisting symptoms that did not necessitate any further treatment. Histologically there was evidence of sialadenosis in one case and benign lymphoepithelial lesion in another; the others showed evidence of chronic sialadenitis of varying degrees of severity. Fifteen patients had postoperative sialograms, of which 11 showed evidence of some filling of residual parotid gland parenchyma and in 8 patients there was filling of a normal-looking accessory lobe. In this series, superficial parotidectomy with preservation of the main duct was safe and effective, with minimal long-term complications, for most patients with chronic parotid sialadenitis that was unresponsive to conservative measures and, in some patients, it allowed some preservation of function. The potential damage to the facial nerve and the cosmetic problems associated with a total or near-total parotidectomy were avoided. © 2001 The British Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Bilateral linear scleroderma "en coup de sabre" associated with facial atrophy and neurological complications; Background: Linear scleroderma "en coup de sabre" (LSCS) usually affects one side of the face and head in the frontoparietal area with band-like indurated skin lesions. The disease may be associated with facial hemiatrophy. Various ophthalmological and neurological abnormalities have been observed in patients with LSCS. We describe an unusual case of LSC. Case presentation: A 23 year old woman presented bilateral LSCS and facial atrophy. The patient had epileptic seizures as well as oculomotor and facial nerve palsy on the left side which also had pronounced skin involvement. Clinical features of different stages of the disease are presented. Conclusions: The findings of the presented patient with bilateral LSCS and facial atrophy provide further evidence for a neurological etiology of the disease and may also indicate that classic progressive facial hemiatrophy (Parry-Romberg syndrome) and LSCS actually represent different spectra of the same disease. © 2001 Gambichler et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Familial sinistrality in crossed aphasia: A new case and review of the available literature; From the earliest descriptions onwards, the phenomenon of familial sinistrality (FS) has been strongly implicated in the concept of crossed aphasia in dextrals (CAD). In the early literature on CAD, a positive tract of FS (FS+) was generally regarded as the most important cause of anomalous language lateralisation in dextrals. Although in the more recent literature FS+ is generally regarded a strong exclusion criterion for CAD, in a corpus of 180 published CAD cases we encountered 26 patients with FS+ (14.4%). Critical analysis revealed that only a minority of these cases (5/26; 19%) sufficiently met the adopted criteria for an unambiguous diagnosis of vascular CAD (reliable CAD). One personal observation, reported in this paper, also fulfilled these criteria and is added to this group. To evaluate the presumed impact of FS+ on the anatomoclinical configurations of vascular CAD, all "reliable" CAD cases with FS+ were analysed in a three-epoch time-frame model for aphasia and matched for both aphasia type and lesion-aphasia profile with a representative group of vascular "reliable" CAD cases with negative FS (FS-). Close analysis of the aphasia characteristics revealed that the FS variable did not induce semiological differences between both FS groups. Although the limited study sample does not allow strong conclusions to be drawn, our findings seem to indicate that FS does not act as a strong determinant of lesion-behaviour relationships in CAD.
Long-term oncological results in 47 cases of jugular paraganglioma surgery with special emphasis on the facial nerve issue; Oncological and functional results were assessed in 47 type C and/or D jugular paraganglioma operated on between 1984 and 1998 using the classical infratemporal fossa type A approach (mean follow-up = 66 months). In 24 instances, however, the facial nerve was not re-routed. Total resection was achieved in 33 cases (70 per cent). In 25 patients available for follow-up this resulted in a 92 per cent cure rate while two patients (eight per cent) developed recurrences that are being followed-up clinically and radiologically. Sub-total resection, leaving infracentimetric tumour remnants after being coagulated, was achieved in 14 cases (30 per cent). In 11 patients available for follow-up, only three cases developed tumour regrowth (27 per cent) that was controlled by salvage irradiation or surgery while in the other cases tumour remnants remained stable (73 per cent). Symptomatic post-operative lower cranial nerve impairment was observed in 23 per cent. When results were analysed depending on whether the facial nerve had been re-routed (n = 18) or not (n = 24), the incidence of facial paralysis HB grade III or more at one year was 33 per cent and eight per cent, respectively. Total resection was achieved in 56 per cent when the facial nerve was re-routed versus 75 per cent when it was not, the difference being due to a higher incidence of large tumours in the first group. The present study suggests that: 1) surgical resection of jugular paraganglioma provides overall satisfactory results, i.e. a 86 per cent rate of either cure or tumour remnant stabilization, but carries a significant risk of iatrogeny; 2) complete tumour removal should not be attempted, especially in patients over 60 years of age with no pre-operative neurological deficits, since leaving infracentimetric tumour remnants has no major detrimental effect on the final outcome; 3) facial nerve transposition carries a significant risk of cosmetic sequelae while it does not provide significant advantages in terms of tumour resection and long-term oncological control.
Blast injury ear in a low intensity conflict; The eardrum is the most sensitive organ involved in blast injury and can be ruptured at relatively low pressure differentials. This study presents 200 cases of traumatic perforation among service personnel involved in a low intensity conflict, treated in a forward zonal hospital. Most blast injuries of the tympanic membrane (TM) heal spontaneously with conservative treatment (83%).
The role of MRI and nerve root biopsy in the diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis; Objectives: Neurological involvement occurs in 5-15% of patients with sarcoidosis and isolated "neurosarcoidosis" occurs in less than 1% of all cases. Classical clinical presentations have been described, such as bilateral facial palsy, but often the disease presents insidiously with varied signs and symptoms. We present a patient who required biopsy of a lumbar nerve root for diagnosis of chronic, progressive neurosarcoidosis and review the literature with an emphasis on diagnosis. Methods: We have reviewed a patient who presented with signs and symptoms related to infiltration of her meninges and nerve roots by sarcoidosis. All pertinent history and physical information was taken from interviews with the patient and review of her chart. Laboratory, radiographic, and pathological investigations are presented. Results and conclusions: A high index of suspicion is required for the diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis. Gadolinium-enhanced MRI is useful but the findings are often nonspecific, and there should be a low threshold for biopsy whenever the diagnosis is considered.
Cheilitis granulomatosa; Cheilitis granulomatosa is a rare inflammatory disorder with unclear aetiology. It is a disorder characterized by recurrent or persistent swelling of one or both lips that may be part of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome or may be a manifestation of Crohn's disease. An overview of the clinical features, histopathology, differential diagnosis, management strategies and prognosis of cheilitis granulomatosa is presented and discussed with regard to the literature.
Treatment of Miescher's cheilitis granulomatosa in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Cheilitis granulomatosa is the most frequent dermatological sign in the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. We reviewed 27 cases of this syndrome diagnosed and treated in the last 20 years. All the patients were surgically treated and received intralesional corticosteroids during surgery and tetracycline hydrochloride (500 mg, twice daily) after the operation to prevent recurrence.
Meningeal involvement of neuroblastoma presenting with appearance of tumor cells in cerebrospinal fluid; Purpose. Neuroblastoma is often accompanied by bone or bone marrow metastasis already at the time of the initial diagnosis, but meningeal involvement is relatively rare. We experienced 5 patients of neuroblastoma with primary bone marrow metastasis who showed meningeal involvement presenting disturbance of central nervous system from 9 months to 10 years after initial treatment without cranial involvement at the time of initial diagnosis. Material and Methods. The symptoms were sudden convulsion and disturbed consciousness in 4 patients and facial paralysis in one. In each patient, pseudorosette forming tumor cells were present in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Neuroimaging findings were 2 dilatation of meningeal space and ventricle, 1 high intensity imaging in the bilateral occipital region, and 2 discreate mass. Results. Total brain irradiation was performed in 4 patients, local irradiation on the tumor area in one, and resection of the recurrent brain tumor in one. Cancer chemotherapy was performed in all patients. Four patients died of multiple organ metastases after 6 to 12 months, and the course has been observed in the remaining patient. Conclusions. These findings suggested that meningeal involvement may occur more frequently in the children with primary bone marrow metastasis neuroblastoma, the important findings of these complication were appearance of tumor cells in CSF and poor prognosis, of these cases.
Surgical excision of clival tumors via the enlarged transcochlear approach indications and results; Background The results of the surgical resection of 9 clival tumors using the enlarged transcochlear approach (ETCA) are evaluated. The literature is reviewed to compare the ETCA with other approaches to the clival and petroclival region; the surgical indications are discussed. Methods. Between June 1996 and June 1997, 9 patients were operated on through the ETCA either alone or combined with other approaches. Only meningiomas and chordomas with a significant involvement of the clivus and huge extension into the posterior fossa were included into this study. Results. Gross total tumor removal was achieved in 5 cases and in 4 cases a residual meningioma was left in place inside the cavernous sinus and treated by radiosurgery. No postoperative mortality or major neurological morbidity were recorded. The postoperative facial nerve function was good in 75% of cases. No tumor recurrence was recorded (mean follow-up = 45.9 months). Conclusions. The indications to the ETCA should be as strict as possible. The ETCA is an effective procedure in the treatment of large "clivopetrous" tumors. Tumor characteristics like consistency, vascularity, encasements of vertebro-basilar vessels, bone erosion and previous surgery are also indicative. The transient postoperative facial nerve palsy and deafness should be considered as major disadvantages related to this approach.
Radiation-induced glioma presenting as diffuse leptomeningeal gliomatosis: A case report; Background: Leptomeningeal gliomatosis is a rare and fatal disease. Methods: Case report. Results: We report of the case of a man who was presented with severe intractable headaches, lymphocytic CSF pleocytosis, and spinal leptomeningeal enhancement on contrast MRI. Meningeal biopsy demonstrated diffuse infiltration by malignant glial cells, and symptom alleviation was achieved by CSF diversion. He later developed an enhancing thalamic tumor arising within the treatment field of a remotely irradiated pituitary adenoma. Subsequent management included chemotherapy and further radiotherapy with transient response, before death from leptomeningeal and parenchymal tumor progression 16 months after diagnosis. Conclusion: We report a unique embodying two rare conditions: radiation induced glioma and leptomeningeal gliomatosis. Our patient's course is novel in that symptomatic relief was achieved with CSF diversion and a combination of chemotherapy and focal radiation allowed prolonged survival.
Custom-made gold weight insertion into the upper eyelid as a part of fronto-orbital correction in facial paralysis; Background: Implantation of gold weights in upper eyelids is a technique used world-wide for the treatment of paralytic lagophthalmos. It allows closure of the eyelids through an increased gravitational pull on the relaxed eyelid, whereas complete opening by the m. levator palpebrae superioris remains intact. Purpose: The majority of the patients is probably treated with commercially available implants which are designed for universal application and have a standard curvature. We report our experiences with 98 patients treated with individually adapted custom-made gold weights to correct paralytic lagophthalmos. Methods: Ninety-eight patients with unilateral facial paralysis treated with gold weight implantation in the upper eyelid were retrospectively studied. Sixty-three patients also had other facial surgery performed, e.g. lower-lid shortening and eyebrow suspension. The mean follow-up duration is 14.1 months (range 2 months - 10 years). The mean weight of the implants is 1.36 grams, and the mostly used implant weighs 1.4 grams (range 0.8 - 2.1 grams). Results: In 78 patients (79.6%) good eyelid closure and relief of symptoms were achieved. In 6 patients (6.1%) the gold weight was removed because of recovery of their paralysis. There were 4 extrusions (4.1%), 2 occurring in the same patient. Four patients (4.1%) developed infection. Three times (3.1%) migration occurred. In 8 patients (8.2%), the weights inserted turned out to be too heavy and 6 of them had lighter weights implanted. Three patients (3.1%) had the weights replaced more deeply. One patient (1.0%) reacted with a gold-allergy, thus the weight was removed, coated with hydroxy-apatite and re-implanted with excellent results. Conclusions: Eight out of 98 patients (8.2%) developed complications as extrusion, infection and migration. One patient (1.0%) reacted with a gold allergy. No relationship can be shown between the complication rate and other performed surgery such as eyebrow suspension and lower eyelid shortening. Upper lid loading with custom-made gold weights to correct paralytic lagophthalmos is a reliable and successful technique.
Möbius sequence associated with use of misprostol in the pregnancy: Screened in the maternity; Purpose: To report a case of Möbius sequence associated with the use of Misoprostol in the first trimester of pregnancy. Place: Altino Ventura Foundation. Methods: Description of the case diagnosed during a visual screening project involving 3,280 newborns in the Public Maternity of Agamenon Magalhães Hospital. Results: The exam revealed palsy of abducens and facial nerves, esotropia, low implantation of auricular pavilion, mouth in "cupid arc" form, multiplex artrogripose congenital, clinodactily of fifth bilateral quirodactily and reduced suction reflex. Conclusion: This paper reports the first case of Möbius sequence, according to rewied national literature, detected in the maternity wing of the hospital before the patient's discharge which made it possible a discussion of the case with neonatal and other pediatricians about its prognosis and evolution. The authors emphasize the importance of earlier detection and treatment of this cases that are conducted by multidisciplinary group pretending avoid systemics complications that can lead to death.
Increased incidence of tuberculosis in chronic hemodialysis patients; We encountered 9 cases of tuberculosis out of our 157 chronic HD patients in 36 months. Four pulmonary, 4 lymph nodal and one isolated dermal involvement were detected. Therapy was commenced without waiting for absolute cultural or pathologic diagnosis because of the high index of clinical suspicion. All cases except one recovered completely. Among associated conditions, peptic ulcer disease, anti-HCV positivity, and diabetes mellitus were noted, though the last two did not reach statistical significance. Prompt institution of the specific therapy and close supervision of the cases during treatment enabled us to obtain a cure in all cases except one and to discern adverse drug effects immediately and to make appropriate changes in the therapy. Thus, no morbidity due to the disease itself or drugs was observed. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Facial nerve palsy in acute myeloid leukemia: A case report; A 13 years old male, a case of acute myeloid leukemia (AML-M2) in remission for six months developed facial nerve palsy with its involvement between geniculate ganglion and the corda tympani. CT scan revealed abnormal soft tissue in the left external auditory canal and middle ear cavity with destruction of the lateral wall of the facial nerve canal and involving the facial nerve. Minimal soft tissue mass was seen in the right middle ear suggesting an asymptomatic deposit. A biopsy from left external auditary canal confirmed the diagnosis of extramedullary myelogeneous deposit.
Temporal bone manifestations of eosinophilic granuloma; Eosinophilic granuloma is one of the triad of conditions collectively known as Histiocytosis-X. It is an uncommon granulomatous disease which can affect the temporal bone. Although initially quiescent the disease may erode the mastoid cortex, destroy tegmen and extend into the cranial vault as well as erode the semicircular canals, cochlea or facial canal, giving rise to facial palsy. These lesions almost always become infected and can be confused with chronic otomastoiditis. When diagnosed, therapy consists of conservative surgery, radiation therapy, steroids and chemotherapy.
An evidence-based medicine fellowship in a children's teaching hospital; This paper reports the introduction of an evidence-based medicine fellowship in a children's teaching hospital. The results are presented of a self-reported 'evidence-based medicine' questionnaire, the clinical questions requested through the information retrieval service are outlined and the results of an information retrieval service user questionnaire are reported. It was confirmed that clinicians have frequent clinical questions that mostly remain unanswered. The responses to four questions with 'good quality' evidence-based answers were reviewed and suggest that at least one-quarter of doctors were not aware of the current best available evidence. There was a high level of satisfaction with the information retrieval service; 19% of users indicated that the information changed their clinical practice and 73% indicated that the information confirmed their clinical practice. The introduction of an evidence-based medicine fellowship is one method of disseminating the practice of evidence-based medicine in a tertiary children's hospital.
Comparative dermatology; Just like nature, the sculptures of ancient civilizations, such as the Olmecas, can provide elements comparable to dermatological lesions. Unfortunately these civilizations are little known and admired.
Management of non-tuberculous mycobacterial perisialadenitis in children: The sheffield otolaryngology experience; Non-tuberculous mycobacterial infection (NTM) has been recognized as an important cause of infection in the head and neck in children since 1956. It is important to differentiate NTM from the more serious Mycobacterium tuberculosis (TB) since the management differs significantly. The causative organisms of NTM infection are resistant to the most commonly used anti-tuberculous preparations, though they do show sensitivity to the newer antibiotics such as clarithromycin, ciprofloxacin and azithromycin. Between 1986 and 1997, 15 patients with NTM infection involving the major salivary glands were treated at the Sheffield Children's Hospital Department of Otolaryngology. There were 11 girls and four boys. In all patients the onset of symptoms was between September and April. Resolution occurred in two patients without surgery. The remaining 13 underwent formal surgical exploration with excision of the mass, associated nodes and of the overlying skin if necessary. There were nine parotid explorations. There were no long-term facial nerve deficits as a result of surgery and no recurrence of the disease. Co-operation between the Paediatrician and the Otolaryngologist is important for effective management since NTM may also affect the lungs, soft tissues, bones and joints. Diagnosis relies upon culture, histology, chest radiography, purified protein derivative (PPD) testing, clinical features and skin testing. The use of antibiotics such as azithromycin with ciprofloxacin may be justified while waiting for the results of investigations, especially with small, early lesions, as resolution is possible. In patients who have no history of exposure to TB, are not immunocompromised, have a normal chest radiograph and have a Mantoux test with < 15 mm diameter induration, the treatment should be surgical excision rather than prolonged antibiotic therapy.
Open reduction of condylar process fractures via the retromandibular approach: A study of the clinical results; Background and Objectives. Either open or closed (conservative) reduction is performed when treating the mandibular condylar process fractures. In order to evaluate the clinical results of open reduction, the authors conducted a review of the mandibular condylar process fractures that had been treated at their institution via posterior mandibular ramus skin incision - the retromandibular approach - using a titanium lag screw and plate system. Materials and Methods. Using patient records, the authors examined the treatment methods and results of 35 patients treated at their institution during a 3-year period. Of these, 13 patients with 15 joints were treated using the retromandibular approach. Results and/or Conclusions. Complete recovery was achieved in 11 of the 13 patients; resorption of small bone fragments was revealed by x-ray examination of the remaining 2 cases during the follow-up period. No postoperative complications, resulting from the surgical procedure (eg, facial nerve palsy or parotitis), were present. There were no postoperative complaints about functional efficacy. When compared to the traditional method, it was concluded that use of the lag screw and plate system reduces surgery time and avoids postsurgical adverse effects, such as scarring and facial palsy. The authors recommend provisionally that maxillomandibular fixation be performed even when satisfactory occlusion is achieved.
Myelitis and polyradiculoneuritis by Borrelia burgdorferi: Two case report; The authors present two cases of Borreliosis characterized by a neurologic beginning. The first one showed myelitis symptoms, urine and bowels retention, spastic paraparesis and hypoesthesia with a D6-D7 level. The spinal RM images point-out hyperintense lesion in D6 at T2 sequence; the CSF showed an increase of cells and protein; the serologic ELISA test was positive for Borreliosis (confirmed by Western Blotting). The second one showed a polyneuritis with flaccid tetraparesis and left peripheral facial palsy. The ENG point-out a severe axonal polyneuropathy; the CSF showed albuminocytologic dissociation. Even in this case the serologic researches was positive for Borreliosis. The myelitis and the polyneuritis, more frequently, could be the first manifestation of Borreliosis. The Authors assert that a premature antibiotic treatment to reduces the chronicity of the disease chronication is necessary. They wish also a future epidemiologic italian panorama updating. In fact the trend has an increase of the disease in relation to a greater diagnostic accuracy.
Clinical and neurosurgical aspects of trigeminal neurinomas; Schwannomas arising from the intracranial portion of the trigeminal nerve are rare. Symptoms and signs vary according to the site of the neoplasm along the nerve. We have retrospectively analyzed six patients affected by trigeminal schwannomas, focusing on their clinical and surgical aspects, with a complete review of the literature data. Five patients were surgically treated and one was submitted to radiosurgery. First clinical event was characterized in three patients by V cranial nerve damage, in two patients by headache, in one patient by intratumoral hemorrhage; such evidence was described in only 7 patients in literature. At surgery gross total removal was achieved in all patients. In two cases we observed a rare hystological finding of low grade schwannoma. Surgical results were characterized in three patients by no new neurological deficit, while we observed in one patient a mild VII cranial nerve palsy and in another patient a VI cranial nerve palsy. Follow-up ranges between 1.4 and 17 years. There were two recurrences, at 2 and 7 years from surgery; both patients harboured a low grade schwannoma. The patient treated by gamma-knife showed, after an initial shrinkage, a regrowth of the lesion associated with a clinical deterioration, and therefore he is on schedule for surgery. We emphasize the clinical aspects of these lesions and the actual good surgical results especially if early diagnosed and if benign in pathology.
Encephalo-medullopathies Bordetella Pertussis; Having found positive the research for anti-Bordetella antibodies in the 95.47% of 92 patients affected by defined Multiple Sclerosis (patients that were not selected for the clinical form of their disease and for the therapeutical treatment they were undergoing) and in the 100% of 15 patients affected by not inflammatory neuropathies (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, Pseudobulbar Syndrome, Motoneuron Disease, Neurogenous Muscular Dystrophy; Hemiparkinson, Spastic Tetraparesis, Balo's Concentric Sclerosis), I reassessed the pathogenesis of the neuropathies from Bordetella Pertussis, with and without patches. Considering the pathogenic differences supporting the various clinical forms and keeping in mind the pathogenic power of the main pertussis toxins, it comes out the expectation of a functional recover that we can have in all the various forms of encephalo-medullopathies by B. Pertussis. Once the pathogenesis is cleared up, I propose "to add" a pharmacologic treatment that promises to repair the direct damage of toxins, already acting at the moment of the etiological diagnosis.
A patient with neuroborreliosis presenting gadolinium-enhanced MRI lesions in bilateral facial nerves; We report a 33-year-old man with bilateral facial paralysis due to neuroborreliosis. About three weeks after rhinorrhea and fever lasting four days, he noticed fatigue in the legs and paresthesia in all four extremities. Another week later, he developed paresthesia in his tongue and bilateral facial muscle weakness, and was admitted to our hospital. On admission, neurological examination revealed moderate bilateral facial muscle weakness, mild paresthesia in the tongue and four extremities, and decreased Achilles tendon reflex bilaterally. Mild pleocytosis and increased protein were found in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). IgM antibodies that reacted with the antigens of Borrelia garinii and Borrelia afzelii were found in his serum. Clinically and serologically, he was thus diagnosed as having neuroborreliosis. Brain MRI revealed gadolinium-enhanced lesions of the bilateral facial nerves in the facial nerve canal portion. After three weeks of treatment with 100 mg/day doxycycline and 2 g/day ceftriaxone sodium, his symptoms and CSF abnormalities were rapidly improved. Although facial nerve paralysis is a major symptom of neuroborreliosis, the present report is the first to detect the inflammatory lesions of the facial nerves in the facial nerve canal portion by MRI.
Three-dimensional facial simulations and measurements: Changes of facial contour and units associated with facial expression; Recent innovations in laser scanning technology provide a potentially useful technique for accurate three-dimensional documentation of the face. In this study, linear and area measurements of the facial contour and facial units have been recorded in a variety of chosen facial postures using surface laser scanning combined with three-dimensional lighting techniques on seven healthy volunteers and three patients with facial nerve paralysis. Three-dimensional surface measurement of the face was taken using a laser light scanner. Computer graphics lighting techniques were used to produce facial images constituted by highlights and shadows, which emboss facial contour and units. Then quantitative measurement of changes in facial angles and areas were made to analyze morphological changes of the face accompanying facial expression. Changes of angles and widths of the cheek and nasal units were found to be associated with dimensional changes imposed by the action of the underlying mimetic muscles. This system has potential value for both dynamic monitoring and evaluation of facial contour, units, and movement.
Some anatomical and physiological observations concerning rejuvenation of the middle third of the face; The surgical manipulation of tissues inevitably causes damage to the cells, micro and even macro anatomical structures. This damage is the cause of the greater part of secondary effects in facial ageing surgery. These secondary effects are particularly notorious and undesirable in the middle third: alterations of mimicry, modification of the shape of the eye, problems with lachrymal drainage and lubrication of the eyeball, anomalous cutaneous folds, dystonias, persistent oedema and even acceleration of the normal ageing process. In this article we describe the anatomy of the middle third of the face, particularly of the orbicularis muscle and its functions, we analyse briefly the physiopathology of facial ageing and illustrate how some surgical tecniques can affect the physiology and even the normal ageing process of the tissues. In order to understand and explain the secondary effects of surgery in the short, median and long term, it is not sufficient to have knowledge of anatomy and physiology, but it is also necessary to understand the physiopathology of ageing tissues.
Laryngological experiences in treatment of Bell's palsy; Between 1990-2000 15 cases of unilateral Bell paresis of the VIIth nerve were treated using local injection of hydrocortisone in the region of the foramen stylomastoideum. Paralelly were administered iontophoresis, galvanisation of the facial mimic muscles together with vasodilating drugs. Early introduced treatment gave complete return of facialis function. The usefulness of treatment monitoring with topodiagnostic tests is stressed.
Physical therapy in peripheral facial paresis; Peripheral facial paresis is a serious clinical and social problem. The effect of physical therapy in 44 patients aged 13-80 was studied. Idiopathic peripheral facial paresis was the cause of mimic muscles dysfunction in 75% of our patients. Medical treatment was conducted according to the established program, consisting in applying combined physical, thermal, electrotherapeutic procedures, exercises and massage. All the patients were examined before physical therapy and after I and II series of procedures, based on Pietruski's evolution table of paresis scored in point and percent scale. Patients between age 13-44 demonstrated 47-50% mimic facial muscles efficiency before the treatment, after I series of procedure it amounted to 80-90% and after the II series to 90-100%, so all the symptoms of paresis disappeared. Similar values were scored by patients aged 45-64 years. Minimal percentage of improvement of mimic facial muscles (57%) was noticed in patients aged 65-80 years The increase of the score was evaluated in the studied group after two stages of treatment. It seems to be best in the younger patients. In the examined group the best improvement evaluated as regression of the symptoms was found in patients with idiopathic peripheral facial paresis. The process of improvement was very slow and not full among patients who additionally suffered from co-existing diseases. Patients with diabetes improved by 57%, with arterial hypertension by 53%, the patients with obesity only by 43% after two cycles of treatment.
Unique case of eleven Bell's palsy episodes.; Bell's palsy (BP) is a peripheral facial nerve paralysis of unknown etiology. It is not a life-threatening condition; however, incomplete recovery may leave an individual stigmatized functionally, occupationally as well as socially. Recurrent paralyses are seldom, noted in 7-8% of all BP cases. More than two BP relapses are even less frequent. Adour et al. (1977) reported only two patients with four BP episodes from 1700 patients. Only one patient with more than four BP recurrences in the group containing 2414 BP cases were reported by Yanagihara et al. (1984). The highest reported number of BP recurrences in the accessible literature has been nine. We are presenting an unusual patient who suffered a total of eleven relapses of an idiopathic facial nerve palsy. Description of the case along with review of the relevant literature are discussed.
Early neurological complications after stereotactic radiosurgery/radiotherapy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the neurological complications after stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) and stereotactic radiotherapy (SRT). MATERIAL AND METHOD: The Ramathibodi Radiosurgery Unit started its service in August 1997, using the linear-accelerator based system. There were 144 patients treated from August 1997 to October 1999. Single fraction SRS was performed in 56 cases consisting of 46 arteriovenous malformations (AVMs), 4 cranial nerve (CN) schwannomas, 3 pituitary adenomas, 2 meningiomas, and 1 multiple hemangioblastomas. Eighty eight patients received multifractionated SRT, including 27 meningiomas, 17 pituitary adenomas, 13 benign and malignant gliomas, 8 brain metastasi(e)s, 5 CA nasopharynx, 5 craniopharyngiomas, 5 CN schwannomas, 2 AVMs, 2 chordomas, and 4 others. After treatment the patients were clinically evaluated every 1-6 months and MRI was scheduled at 6 or 12-month interval or when there were abnormal clinical signs/symptoms. The complications included any new neurological complaints or findings during and after treatment. RESULTS: Median follow-up time was 9.5 (0-20) months. Of 138 patients with available follow-up data, there were 23 (13 SRS and 10 SRT) cases who experienced new neurological symptoms at 3 weeks - 20 months (median = 3 months) from the time treatment started. Symptoms included headache, seizure, weakness, decreased vision, vertigo with/without ataxia, diplopia, dizziness, impaired memory, hemifacial spasm, decreased sensation and facial palsy. Three AVM patients had intraventricular hemorrhage from the patent nidi. After symptomatic treatment there were 15 cases with complete recovery (including seizure control) and 6 with partial recovery. There were 2 deaths from ruptured AVM and progressive metastatic brain lesion. There were 79 patients who had at least 1 follow-up MRI, and changes were detected in T2-weighted images in 19 cases at 3-18 months after treatment. Ten cases had symptoms corresponding to the image changes, the other 9 patients were asymptomatic. CONCLUSIONS: Longer follow-up time is needed to fully evaluate the complications after SRS/SRT, however, preliminary results showed that most of the complications were mild and transient. There was a tendency of a higher complication rate in the SRS group. Not all patients with post treatment image changes developed symptoms.
Transient facial paresis during flight; Transient facial paresis in divers and, in particular, in fliers is a very rare condition that apparently occurs only once in the lifetime of most patients. The cause involves is the co-occurrence of several factors, and dehiscence in the facial nerve canal cannot be considered the only cause. Affected patients must be calmed and an explanation provided.
Facial nerve schwannoma: Surgical excision versus conservative management; Facial nerve schwannomas are slow-growing tumors that may involve any part of the facial nerve. When they present with moderate to total facial palsy, complete resection is clearly indicated. However, in cases with mild or no facial dysfunction, the best course of treatment is less obvious. A series of 22 patients with facial nerve schwannoma is presented, of whom 12 underwent definitive excision and 10 were managed more conservatively. The best postoperative facial function in the group who had tumor removal was a House-Brackmann grade III, while 8 of the conservatively treated group had normal facial function up to 10 years after presentation. As well, no significant tumor growth was noted on serial radiologic imaging of those being observed. Delaying surgical resection of facial nerve schwannomas may allow patients to retain normal facial function indefinitely.
Weight measurement of upper eyelid gold implants for lagophthalmos in facial paralysis; The use of the gold weight is an established procedure in the treatment of lagophthalmos and usually produces successful results. The critical technical issues are the firm suture fixation to the tarsal plate and the high location of the weight on this plate. However, the estimated weight of the implant from the trials on the skin of the upper lid fails to obtain the expected eye closure outcomes after surgical implantation on the tarsal plate. One of the main reasons could be the different curvature on the skin and on the tarsal plate of the upper eyelid. In this study, the angles between the vertical line and the surface of the outer (skin) and inner (tarsal plate) part of the upper eyelid have been analyzed when the eye is opened and closed. The results show that an addition of 0.2 g to the gold weight estimated in the trial is required to achieve a similar closure of the eye by means of the gold implant on the tarsal plate.
A case of cephalic tetanus presenting with opisthotonus; We report a case of cephalic tetanus presenting with opisthotonus. A 49-year-old man was admitted because of repeated convulsions. The patient was a garbage truck driver known to be alcoholic, who fell down to suffer an injury of the left face two days before the onset of convulsion. Intraveous administration of diazepam and phenytoin partially relieved the convulsions. Anti-tetanus human immuno-globulin was also administered despite absence of typical clinical sign. Six hours later, however, the patient became unable to open the mouth, i.e. lockjaw developed, and the diagnosis of tetanus was made. Additional anti-tetanus human immunoglobulin of 3,000 units and 4,500 units on the next day rapidly relieved the lockjaw, convlusion, and general muscle rigidity without sequalae. The patient showed transient bilateral facial palsy and rotatory nystagmus during the course. Cephalic tetaus is characterized by a history of an injury of the head and a short latency before developing generalized tonic convulsion or opisthotonus. While a typical case presents with lockjaw, our case presented with opisthotonus, presumably because of early systemic lymphatic spreading of tetanus toxin. Early diagnosis and treatment is important to prevent generalized convulsions which are more frequent and sometimes lethal in cephalic tetanus than the common form.
A case of Guillain-Barré syndrome with bulbar palsy showing the elevations of the anti-GD1a and DT1b antibodies; We reported a 44-year-old woman with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) showing elevations of serum anti-GD1a and anti-GT1b antibody levels. A few days after an upper respiratory infection, she felt numbness in her hands and feet, dysphagia and dysarthria, and weakness in her limbs. On admission, examination showed the paralysis of pharynx and neck, moderate weakness of face and upper limbs, and mild weakness of lower limbs. Sensory deficits were minimal on the distal side of extremities. Deep reflexes were decreased or absent. Laboratory examinations revealed the albumino-cytological dissociation in cerebrospinal fluid and the increase of anti-GD1a and anti-GT1b antibodies in serum. Nerve conduction studies demonstrated axonal damage to the motor nerves. With immunoadsorption therapy, she gradually recovered and the anti-GD1a and anti-GT1b antibodies were normalized. It was reported that the anti-GT1a antibody may be associated with a pharyngeal-cervical-brachial (PCB) variant of GBS (Ropper) and the similar cases including the present case. However, in the present case, the serum anti-GT1a antibody level was not increased, whereas those of anti-GD1a and anti-GT1b antibodies did. Therefore, these antibodies may also play a role in the development of PCB signs in GBS.
Facial diplegia as the presenting manifestation of acute lymphoblastic leukemia; A 36-year-old man with recent onset of unilateral peripheral 7th nerve paresis presented ten days later with involvement of the other side of his face. Physical examination was otherwise normal, and since blood tests and imaging were also normal, he was considered to have bilateral Bell's palsy. However, unexpected headaches and worsening of the paresis led to a gallium-67 scan which revealed uptake in the mediastinum. A repeat lumbar puncture revealed cells which were identified as lymphoblasts. T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL) was diagnosed, although the peripheral blood smear was normal. The differential diagnosis of bilateral 7th nerve palsy and of mononuclear cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis is discussed, as well as this rare central nervous system presentation of acute leukemia.
Episodic cervical dystonia associated with gastro-oesophageal reflux. A case of adult-onset Sandifer syndrome; Sandifer syndrome is a dystonic movement disorder described in children with severe gastro-oesophageal reflux. We now report a patient who had the features of Sandifer syndrome first developing in adult life. Onset of dystonic episodes followed closely the occurrence of a Bell's palsy, while symptoms of peptic oesophagitis had been present for several months beforehand. Successful symptomatic treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux was accompanied by cessation of the dystonic episodes. Possible pathophysiological mechanisms of the abnormal movements in Sandifer syndrome are discussed. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
Recent-onset Bell palsy complicated by diabetes: Comparison of steroid and lipoprostaglandin E1 therapy; Objective: To compare megadose steroid therapy (n=17; group S) and lipoprostaglandin E1 (lipo-PGE1) therapy (n=14; group L) in patients with recent-onset Bell palsy complicated by diabetes. Design: A nonrandomized controlled trial was performed. The 2 groups were almost identical in age, sex distribution, and laterality, and there was no difference in the average palsy scores in the 2 groups either at the time of the first visit or when the palsy was at its worst. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in the cumulative rates of improvement in the 2 groups 4 weeks, 2 months, or 6 months after the first visit, revealing no difference in the therapeutic effects of the 2 agents. During the therapy, fasting blood glucose concentrations were increased in all patients in group S, whereas they were not increased in group L. Complicated diabetes was aggravated in group S, while it was not aggravated in group L. Conclusions: Lipo-PGE1 therapy may have improved vascular flow in the facial nerves and accelerated recovery, resulting in a rate of improvement comparable with that obtained through megadose steroid therapy. Lipo-PGE1 is a useful treatment method for patients with Bell palsy complicated by diabetes.
A case of orbital apex syndrome following thickening of the posterior sclera in the other eye; We report on a case of orbital apex syndrome with optic neuritis and oculomotor palsy in the left eye, which followed a posterior scleral thickening in the right eye. The patient was a 34-year-old female who had complaints of epiphora, near visual disturbances and visual field defects in her right eye on admission. The posterior scleral thickening was detected in the right eye at the initial examination. Oculomotor palsy occurred after 3 days and optic neuritis after 11 days in the left eye. An inflammatory lesion in the left orbital apex was detected using MRI. Her symptoms improved after treatment with systemic corticosteroids. However, right facial nerve palsy and scleral thickening occurred after 8 months. Although the cause of her multiphase multiple lesions was not clearly detected, it was thought that they were related to systemic imflammations, such as sarcoidosis, malignant lymphoma or Churg-Strauss syndrome.
Late clinical manifestation of cerebral tuberculomas in two children with tuberculous meningoencephalitis; We report on two children with cerebral tuberculomas leading to late dramatic clinical exacerbation after appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and high-dose corticosteroids. A 6-year-old girl with tuberculous meningoencephalitis initially fully recovered. However, after 9 months of continuous therapy she presented with acute increased intracranial pressure caused by tuberculomas requiring rapid drainage of CSF. A 16-year-old boy with miliary pulmonary tuberculosis and severe meningoencephalitis had reached a stable condition for more than 10 months although still suffering from a left-dominant spasticity and motor dysphasia. Fifteen months after initiation of therapy he presented with an acute central paralysis of the left facial nerve, progressive hemiplegia, severe ataxia and increasing lethargy caused by a cerebral tuberculoma with a perifocal oedema. Prolonged treatment with antituberculous chemotherapy and high-dose corticosteroids led to complete recovery in the younger patient and marked improvement in the older patient who remains severely handicapped. Conclusion: Patients with initially successful treatment of central nervous system tuberculosis should undergo an alert follow-up for the development of late cerebral tuberculomas. Treatment should consist of prolonged courses of antituberculous chemotherapy and high-dose corticosteroids.
Role of gancyclovir and HAART administration in the treatment of a rare complication of HIV disease: Cytomegalovirus-associated Guillain-Barré syndrome; Peripheral nerve disorders are very common in patients with HIV infection, including inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathies, such as Guillain-Barré syndrome. Causes of these neuropathies are probably multiple, and often dictated by the stage of the underlying HIV disease. Acute demyelinating polyneuropathy is usually preceded by infections, generally sustained by cytomegalovirus or Campylobacter jejuni, and a co-infection with HIV may represent the initial etiopathogenetic event leading to the neurological disorder. An extraordinary case report of a cytomegalovirus-associated Guillain-Barré syndrome occurred in one of our patients with advanced HIV infection, who was cured by gancyclovir and HAART administration, and gives us the opportunity to briefly discuss the intriguing pathogenetic and clinical correlations among HIV disease, cytomegalovirus infection, this neurological syndrome, and its specific treatment.
Infected epidermoid cyst as cause of peripheral facial palsy. A case report; Background: Extratemporal processes are rare causes of peripheral facial palsy. Only 17 cases of facial palsy in association with a suppurative or necrotic parotitis are reported in the literature. Patient and Results: We present a case of a peripheral facial palsy initiated by an infection of a epidermoid cyst, which consecutively involved the whole parotid gland. After abscess drainage and antibiotic therapy the inflammation process receded. The palsy persisted over a period of 4 weeks but improved completely. Conclusions: As the facial nerve was not enclosed by the abscess formation the palsy must have been caused indirectly. It may be assumed the inflammation spread into the Fallopian canal through the stylomastoid foramen and caused a metabolic imbalance similar to the supposed vicious circle for Bell's palsy. Due to the relapse tendency of inflammations of epidermoid cysts it is recommended to remove the entire cyst.
Aciclovir for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).; BACKGROUND: The most common disorder of the facial nerve is acute idiopathic facial paralysis or Bell's palsy and there may be significant morbidity or incomplete recovery associated with severe cases. Although the cause remains unknown, recent evidence suggests a possible association with Herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection. To test this hypothesis clinically four clinical trials have used aciclovir, an antiviral agent, either alone or in combination with corticosteroids to treat Bell's palsy. OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy of aciclovir for treating Bell's palsy and to evaluate any adverse effects of the drug treatment. SEARCH STRATEGY: Search of the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group register, MEDLINE, EMBASE and LILACS databases for randomised trials. We also contacted authors of identified trials. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised or quasi-randomised trials of aciclovir therapy, alone or in combination with any other drug, in patients with Bell's palsy. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We identified four randomised trials. One author extracted the data and the other checked them. We wrote to all the authors of the trials identified. No additional data were obtained. MAIN RESULTS: Only two studies met our inclusion criteria and provided results from 200 patients. One study evaluated aciclovir with corticosteroid versus steroid alone and the other study evaluated aciclovir alone versus corticosteroid. PRIMARY OUTCOME Proportion of patients with incomplete recovery after one year: These data were not available. However an analysis was performed on data reported at the end of the study period, three or four months after the start of treatment. The results from the Adour study significantly favoured the treatment group whilst the De Diego study significantly favoured the control group. Adverse events: This analysis was not performed as the data were not reported. Complete facial paralysis six months after start of treatment: Only one patient had complete paralysis upon entering only one of the studies. This patient was assigned to the control group and the level of recovery attained was not reported. Motor synkinesis/Crocodile tears one year after start of treatment: Data were available up to a maximum of four months after onset of paralysis. One study reported a significant difference between the treatment groups in favour of the aciclovir group and the other demonstrated an inconclusive result. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: More data are needed from a large multicentre randomised controlled and blinded study with at least 12 months' follow up before a definitive recommendation can be made regarding the routine use of aciclovir in Bell's palsy.
Cheilitis granulomatosa Miescher: Treatment with clofazimine and review of the literature; Cheilitis granulomatosa Miescher is a rare condition of unknown cause characterized by intermittent lip swelling that gradually persists and causes cosmetic deformity. We report the case of a young woman with cheilitis granulomatosa as a monosymptomatic manifestation of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome successfully treated by the antileprosy agent clofazimine, and propose clofazimine as an alternative treatment in cases refractory to corticosteroids. The differential diagnosis and current methods of treatment are summarized, and the literature is reviewed and discussed.
Secretion and dynamics of herpes simplex virus in tear and saliva of patients with Bell's palsy; Herpes simplex virus (HSV) involvement has been clarified as the cause of Bell's palsy by molecular biological techniques. To clarify the direct relationship between virus reactivation and paralysis development, both detection of the virus genome by DNA-diagnostic and quantitative analysis of its time-course change are needed. Using polimerase chain reaction (PCR) method and microplate-hybridization combined, we detected the virus genome in small amount of specimens from patients with Bell's palsy, quantified its number of copies, and examined time-course changes. We attempted to type of HSV in positive specimens. Subjects were 16 patients with Bell's palsy positive for serum anti-HSV IgG antibody (enzyme immunoassay) who visited the outpatient clinic of Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Itabashi Hospital, Nihon University School of Medicine, within 14 days after onset without having any treatment. Tears and saliva from the parotid gland and the submaxillary gland were separately collected from the affected side and healthy side twice or more. A total of 244 specimens was subjected to DNA extraction, PCR, and microplate-hybridization, and HSV DNA was detected in 38 specimens (11.8%) from 5 patients (31%). From sampling time, the highest detection (28.5%) was obtained within 2 weeks after onset. Detection at 3 weeks and later (2.8%) was significantly lower (p < 0.05). DNA was also found on the healthy side, but in comparison between sides, detection on the healthy side (18.9%) was significantly lower than that on the affected side (83.8%) (p < 0.01). In quantitative determination of the virus genome, the amount (number of copies) was large on the affected side and largest early after onset regardless of the clinical course. Positive specimens underwent HSV-typing, and HSV-1 was found in all of them, suggesting that HSV-1 reactivation is a cause of Bell's palsy.
Central nervous system Sjögren's syndrome in a child: Case report and review of the literature; We describe a case of pediatric Sjögren's syndrome with progressive neurologic involvement. At age 4 years, she had been diagnosed with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. After being stable with facial diplegia and swelling for 5 years, she acutely presented with diplopia, vertigo, and ataxia. Cranial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed a left dorsal midbrain lesion. Serologic and histopathologic findings confirmed primary Sjögren's syndrome. She responded well to intravenous methylprednisolone, with subsequent clinical improvement and MRI resolution. This report reviews the pediatric literature and underscores the importance of considering Sjögren's syndrome in a child with unexplained facial weakness and in the differential diagnosis of pediatric stroke.
Treatment of ballism and pseudobulbar affect with sertraline; Background: The pathogenesis of ballism is uncertain and may involve more than one mechanism; treatment is not always efficacious. Objective: To provide evidence of a nondopaminergic mechanism and the potential for a prompt and nearly complete response to a serotonergic agent. Methods: Report of 2 separate trials of sertraline hydrochloride in a single patient. Results: Complete remission of symptoms within 48 hours of each drug trial. Conclusion: Sertraline may offer an alternative with a better adverse effect profile than dopamine receptor blockers in the treatment of patients with ballism.
Symptomatic cysts of the pineal region - Surgical treatment; Pineal cysts are a frequent finding on autopsy, while their clinical manifestation is exceptional. In 1994-1998 seven patients were treated with the diagnosis of a cyst in the pineal region. All were women aged 10-50 years, mean 28.4 years with symptoms of intracranial hypertension, headache and epileptic fits. In three of seven patients there were impaired conjugated movements of the eyes. All patients were operated: in a sitting position by a supracerebellar infratentorial approach, fenestration of the cyst was performed, collection of histological material and resection of the bursa. The 30-day mortality/morbidity was 0%. In the oldest patient after 6 months a facial paresis was found, slight right-sided hemiparesis and nystagmus. MR revealed an arachnoidal cyst above the right cerebellar hemisphere, the condition improved after resection of the cyst. The authors discuss the benefits and risks of different possible conservative and surgical solutions of symptomatic pineal cysts.
Anchoring correction of eyebrow ptosis in facial palsy; The authors developed an alternative technique for the treatment of eyebrow ptosis in facial palsy. The technique involves a subperiosteal pulling stitch that securely encircles the frontalis muscle at three points of the superior margin of the eyebrow. The stitch is directly fixed to the anterior aspect of the parietal cranium with an application of the threaded anchoring device. An effective and stable result of eyebrow elevation and a natural-looking appearance with some revived forehead wrinkles is provided by this internal suspension technique. This simplified and faster technique is strongly recommended to correct eyebrow ptosis; it has the advantages of a limited skin incision and no damage to the supraorbital and supratracheal nerves.
Muscle preservation using an implantable electrical system after nerve injury and repair; The value of continuous electrical stimulation of denervated muscles after nerve injury and repair has been clearly shown in a series of laboratory experiments in three animal models. This experimental background, which showed improved muscle preservation and better functional results, evolved into a clinical study that included 15 patients with peripheral nerve injuries in the upper extremities, 3 patients with brachial plexus injuries, and three patients with facial nerve paralysis. Improved functional results were obtained using this implantable system, which were similar to those achieved with the animal experiments. All patients had muscle stimulation for extended periods ranging from 127 to 346 days. Analysis of the results showed satisfactory nerve regeneration on clinical examination and with electromyographic studies. Functional muscle analysis varied somewhat from patient to patient, but every patient had a satisfactory to excellent recovery. The results from this study have clearly shown the benefits of continuous muscle stimulation using an implantable electrical system after nerve injury and repair expansion of the project to a larger patient cohort is indicated. © 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Multi-channel orbicularis oculi stimulation to restore eye-blink function in facial paralysis; Facial paralysis due to facial nerve injury results in the loss of function of the muscles of the hemiface. The most serious complication in extreme cases is the loss of vision. In this study, we compared the effectiveness of single- and multiple-channel electrical stimulation to restore a complete and cosmetically acceptable eye blink. We established bilateral orbicularis oculi muscle (OOM) paralysis in eight dogs; the OOM of one side was directly stimulated using single-channel electrical stimulation and the opposite side was stimulated using multi-channel electrical stimulation. The changes in the palpebral fissure and complete palpebral closure were measured. The difference in current intensities between the multi-channel and single-channel simulation groups was significant, while only multi-channel stimulation produced complete eyelid closure. The latest electronic stimulation circuitry with high-quality implantable electrodes will make it possible to regulate precisely OOM contractions and thus generate complete and cosmetically acceptable eye-blink motion in patients with facial paralysis. © 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Simultaneous primary pleomorphic adenoma in parotid gland and minor salivary gland in the parapharyngeal space; The majority of salivary gland tumours present as a single mass in one gland. Sometimes multiple primary neoplasms can be seen in more than one salivary gland. The most common tumour is Warthin's tumour. Multiple primary pleomorphic adenomas are extremely rare. Most of them are in the major salivary glands. The author reports the first case of simultaneous pleomorphic adenomas in the parotid gland and minor salivary gland at the parapharyngeal space.
Peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumour (pPNET) of the cerebellopontine angle presenting in adult life; We report a case of a peripheral neuroectodermal tumour (pPNET) of the cerebellopontine angle of a 67-year-old woman. The patient's age at presentation was highly unusual. This case highlights the difficulties encountered, both clinically and pathologically, in securing the correct diagnosis of such a rare condition presenting in this relatively inaccessible area. The development of the nomenclature and classification of neuroectodermal tumours is traced. Recent advances in immunohistochemistry and genetic typing have shown the close relationship between pPNET and the previously difficult to classify Ewing's sarcoma and Askin's tumour.
Acute fulminant fungal sinusitis: Clinical presentation, radiological findings and treatment; Acute fulminant fungal sinusitis is characterized by acute symptoms and rapid progress with a mortality rate of 60-80%. A large number of survivors have permanent neurological, visual and cosmetic disabilities. This clearly underscores the need of early recognition of this disease in at risk population in order to start urgent treatment. The at-risk population of diabetics, AIDS and other immunosupressed is likely to increase, as will the incidence of acute fulminant fungal sinusitis. In the present study we have reviewed nine cases of acute fulminant fungal sinusitis to determine clinical presentation, related radiological picture and optimum treatment. Most common presenting features were fever, headache, facial swelling and proptosis. Many patients presented with blindness, facial paralysis and meningitis. Predisposing causes were uncontrolled diabetes with ketoacidosis in four out of six cases, post renal transplant immunosuppression and leukemia. All patients were treated with amphotericin B or liposomal amphotericin B (AmBisome). Diagnosis was confirmed by biopsy and culture of sinus mucosa, soft tissues of cheek, or orbit. Mucor (Zygomycetes) was identified on culture or histopathology in all cases. Surgical debridement was performed in seven cases. Six out of nine patients survived but morbidity was high: only two patients survived without any permanent disability. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
External radiation of the parotid glands significantly reduces drooling in patients with motor neurone disease with bulbar paresis; The parotid glands and part of the submandibular glands were irradiated in 18 amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients with very advanced disease and severe drooling problems. In a prospective study, a single dosage of 7.0-7.5 Gy was administered bilateral to the larger part of the parotid glands and the posterior parts of the submandibular glands. Salivary secretion rate was assayed before and after radiotherapy. Sixteen out of eighteen patients reported satisfactory to good reduction in drooling lasting up to 4-6 months, 1/18 developed xerostomia and needed saliva substitutes, and 1/18 reported no effect. Caregivers reported positive effect in all patients. The procedure was well tolerated with few side effects. Low dosage external radiotherapy of the salivary glands is effective in reducing drooling satisfactorily in ALS patients, especially in well-hydrated patients. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Cerebral involvement during the course of mycosis fongoides; We report here the case of a 67-year-old man who was treated successively with BICNU, mechlorthamine, radiotherapy, COP and interferon for a large plaque MF. Since six months he complained asthenia, sadness and felt depressed. Clinical examination revealed a cerebella syndrome, a pyramidal syndrome, facial paralyse. The diagnosis of cerebral lymphoma was confirmed. Psychiatric manifestations are not always related to interferon therapy and may be often the only expression of the cerebral localisation of the lymphoma.
Facial reanimation surgery utilizing the mitek anchor system: A case report; A flaccid hemi-face is frequently the most noticeable and cosmetically unacceptable consequence of facial nerve palsy, whether due to trauma, Bell's palsy or other etiologies. A variety of face-lift and reanimation techniques have been utilized in the past, but with time, these frequently require further surgery. We describe the use of Mitek (Norwood, MA) suture anchors for cheek resuspension in a patient with facial palsy. This system is composed of a drill guide, drill, inserter, and anchor. Although the titanium alloy anchors come in multiple sizes, the Mini GII Anchor is typically most appropriate for use in facial procedures. The actual size of the Mini GII Anchor is 1.8 mm in diameter and 5.4 mm in length. Two small arched prongs extend from the body of the anchor, and an eyelet at the superior surface is used for suture placement. When placed into a pre-drilled hole with the insertion tool, the prongs extend, effectively fixing the anchor in place. The drill guide protects adjacent soft tissues during the drilling process and allows drilling to a predetermined fixed depth. Sutures attached to the anchor may then be used for soft tissue fixation to bone.
Current management of facial neuroma; Since their initial description in 1930, more than 400 facial neuromas have been reported in the world literature. Relative to secondary neoplastic involvement of the facial nerve, primary neurogenic tumors of the facial nerve remain relatively uncommon. The diagnostic challenge lies in the lack of uniformity in clinical presentation of these tumors and their ability to mimic other benign entities occurring within the same anatomic location. Surgical excision offers the only option for curative treatment. Because tumor removal almost always necessitates segmental resection of the facial nerve with subsequent neural repair, long-term residual facial paresis is an expected outcome of surgery. For this reason, timing of surgery and the role of surgical decompression remain controversial. This review outlines the basis for current management of facial neuromas. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & PWilkins, Inc.
Surgical treatment of sequelae after facial paralysis; This review describes some of the principal surgical possibilities in the treatment of established facial palsy of long duration in which the opportunity for nerve reconstruction is lost and no remission can be expected. In such cases, ipsilateral or cross-facial nerve grafting, followed by microneurovascular muscle transfer are the methods of choice for providing controlled and emotional movement of the paralyzed side. Regional muscle transfer is also applicable. For patients who are not candidates for these extensive surgical procedures, symmetry to the face can be restored by one of several static procedures. Lastly, the eye-related problems and their surgical solutions are also addressed. Modern plastic surgery has much to offer this group of patients, who should not be left to live with their ailment, but should be referred to a few national centres for specialised treatment.
Applications of hyperbaric oxygen in otolaryngology head and neck surgery: Facial cutaneous flaps; Hyperbaric oxygen therapy is of significant benefit in the setting of an ischemic flap of the head and neck. Mechanistically, hyperbaric oxygen decreases local tissue edema while improving oxygen delivery to the compromised flap. Experimentally, both capillary and fibroblast ingrowth occur at a greater rate with hyperbaric oxygen therapy, and there is an increase in the tensile strength of the wound. Reperfusion injury also is blunted. Additional indications in the head and neck include traumatic composite amputations, necrotizing infections of the head and neck, and osteoradionecrosis of the facial skeleton. Complications of hyperbaric oxygen therapy are rare, especially if sessions are limited to 90 minutes at no greater than 2.5 ATM. Prospective randomized studies may demonstrate additional usefulness for hyperbaric oxygen, including acute hearing loss, tinnitus, and facial palsy.
A clinical audit into the success rate of inferior alveolar nerve block analgesia in general dental practice.; AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to produce some observational evidence of the success rate of inferior alveolar nerve block (IDB) analgesia that is achieved in general dental practice. The objective was to help provide some measure of expected failure rates and help dental practitioners in their self-appraisal of this crucial basic skill. METHOD: Up to 100 consecutive IDB analgesia procedures for four dentists were recorded. In a subdivision of this study 200 consecutive IDBs for a fifth dentist were recorded. This dentist had the greatest experience of giving IDB analgesia of the dentists in this study. In this part of the study the dentist made a note if he anticipated that the procedure would fail. The reason for this was that it was felt that experienced dental practitioners could predict when failure was about to occur. The level of facial nerve palsy was also recorded. RESULTS: Overall, 533 of 580 (91.9%) local anaesthetic administrations were deemed to be successful. The only factor that significantly affected the likelihood of success was the practitioner administering the local anaesthetic, and this was only borderline statistically significant. In order to be certain that the other factors did not affect the outcome, the data were re-analysed using the technique of Poisson regression. This technique investigated the effects of each of the factors in turn while controlling for the differences in success that can be attributed to the different practitioners. The regression analyses also did not detect any differences in success that could be attributed to any of the other recorded factors. The incidence of facial palsy was 0.3%. CONCLUSION: This paper gives an insight into the possible success rates to be encountered by general dental practitioners when they administer IDB analgesia. The only recorded factor that could be shown to affect the chance of a successful local analgesic was the operator. The incidence of facial nerve palsy at 0.3% may be more common than has previously been considered.
Development of speech, feeding, eating, and facial expression in Möbius sequence; Objective: Möbius sequence is a rare congenital disorder with the primary diagnostic criteria of congenital facial and abducens nerve palsy. Involvement from other cranial nerves is common. Orofacial anomalies and limb malformations may be associated with the disorder. Mental retardation and autism have been reported in some. The aim of this study was to describe orofacial dysfunction observed in a prospective, multidisciplinary study of individuals with Möbius sequence. Methods: Twenty-five patients with Möbius sequence, aged 2 months to 54 years, participated in the study. Clinical observations by different medical specialists were collected in an established database. Dentists and a speech pathologist made the orofacial examination. The parents or the patient described orofacial function and dysfunction through interviews and a questionnaire.Results: Bilateral facial palsy was observed in 16 patients, unilateral palsy in 9. Observed orofacial anomalies were tongue dysfunction (16), micrognatia (8), microglossia (7), cleft palate (4), and cleft lip (1). Seventeen had speech problems, 16 reported feeding difficulties in infancy, 14 eating problems, and 8 drooling. Conclusions: Orofacial problems are common in Möbius sequence and have a significant impact on the quality of life for the patient and for the whole family. Early intervention by a speech pathologist and a paediatric dentist should be undertaken to improve orofacial function and symptoms. Plastic surgery, oral motor training, facial massage, speech therapy, and orthodontic treatment are some of the therapy methods that can be considered. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Brain MRI findings in influenza A-associated acute necrotizing encephalopathy of childhood; Acute necrotizing encephalopathy following influenza A is frequently reported from Japan and Taiwan but is very rarely seen in Western countries. We describe a 10-year-old boy with acute necrotizing encephalopathy, who developed symmetrical thalamic and brain stem lesions seen on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Serological confirmation of influenza A was made 2 weeks after the onset of symptoms. The child made a full recovery. This case is interesting because of its rarity in European countries, the striking brain MRI findings and the good neurological outcome.
Acute transverse myelitis and Guillain-Barré overlap syndrome with serological evidence for mumps viraemia; Both acute transverse myelitis (ATM) and Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) occur as rare associations with mumps viraemia but to our knowledge, concurrent ATM and GBS related to mumps has only been reported once previously. We describe the case of a young woman presenting with confusion and collapse 2 weeks after a flu-like illness. An initial diagnosis of transverse myelitis was made on the basis of the clinical findings and radiological evidence of a swollen spinal cord with uniform high signal change on T2 weighted MRI. The patient was treated with intravenous methylprednisolone without significant recovery. The diagnosis was later revised to include GBS on the basis of worsening facial diplegia in the setting of a flaccid tetraparesis, and neurophysiological evidence of a sensorimotor axonal polyradiculoneuropathy. Acute mumps viraemia was confirmed on serological grounds. The patient made an improvement in ventilatory capacity with intravenous immunoglobulin treatment.
Augmentative and alternative communication methods in locked-in syndrome; Locked-in syndrome is a neurological condition due to a brain disease or an injury affecting the brain stem. The symptoms are tetraplegia, double-sided facial paresis, anarthria/dysarthrophonia, dysphagia and reactive involuntary laughing and crying. Vertical eye movements are the only commonly remaining voluntary motor function. Although the linguistic abilities as well as intellectual and emotional functions as a whole remain intact, all the motor abilities of self expression are lost. Seventeen chronic locked-in syndrome patients referred to Käpylä Rehabilitation Centre between 1979-2000 are reported. The multidisciplinary rehabilitation team developed an individual alternative communication method for all patients and trained them to use it by minor movements of e.g. thumb, chin or head. An alternative communication method enabled most of the patients to interact with other people using practical as well as theoretical thinking and decision making.
Hypertension and facial palsy in middle aortic syndrome; A female infant presented with facial palsy and was found to be severely hypertensive. Plasma renin activity was raised and an angiogram showed middle aortic syndrome. This condition is of unknown aetiology, but positive antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies may indicate a vasculitis which heals by intimal fibrosis, causing the observed findings.
A case of mucormycosis with extensive palate necrosis successfully treated with a free forearm osteocutaneous flap; Rhinocerebral mucormycosis is a rare and often fatal fungal infection. Until now, reconstruction of necrotic tissue due to mucormycosis has not been reported. This report describes the treatment of mucormycosis and the subsequent reconstruction of the intraoral and intranasal defects due to the mucormycosis invasion. A 57-year-old man suffering from diabetes mellitus visited our hospital with complaints of facial swelling, right facial palsy and right exophthalmos. A diagnosis of rhinocerebral mucormycosis was determined by biopsy of the palate mucosa. Curative treatment for the mucormycosis consisted of the intravenous and local administration of amphotericin B, and surgical debridement. During the treatment, complete necrosis of the alveolar process of the maxilla and hard palate ensued. Therefore, the patient suffered dysfunction in chewing, swallowing and his speech. In August 1998, the patient's maxilla and hard palate were reconstructed using a radial forearm osteocutaneous flap. Prior to the reconstruction, all remaining scar tissue was excised widely. The skin island was folded in order to cover both the oral side and the nasal side. Additionally, the radius was grafted to support an artificial denture. Function and facial contour have improved postoperatively and the Mucormycosis has not recurred during a two-year follow-up period.
Facial palsy caused by the temporal bone metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma: Report of a case; A 71-year-old male with peripheral facial nerve palsy was initially treated as Bell's palsy. However, the treatment was not effective, and the following imaging and clinical examinations revealed that the facial nerve palsy was caused by metastatic invasion to the temporal bone from the liver. The peripheral facial nerve palsy caused by secondary malignant metastatic tumors of the temporal bone is rare.
Should children with Bell's palsy be treated with corticosteroids? a systematic review; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of corticosteroids in the treatment of pediatric Bell's palsy. A systematic review of trials that included pediatric (< 16 years old) cases with Bell's palsy and involved the use of steroids was conducted. Eight trials were identified, five of which were randomized, and prednisone was used in six trials, whereas corticotropin was used in the other two. The methods of randomization and allocation concealment of the treatments used were rarely reported. Only one trial was done exclusively in children; none of the other seven trials analyzed the pediatric cases separately. Four trials reported some benefit from steroids. The pediatric trial did not provide evidence for benefit from corticosteroids. There was substantial heterogeneity in the population and interventions used; hence a meta-analysis was not done. Based on this systematic review, we do not recommend the routine use of steroids in children with Bell's palsy.
Cosmetic and functional reconstruction achieved using a split myofascial bone flap for pterional craniotomy: Technical note; Cosmetic deformities that appear following pterional craniotomy are usually caused by temporal muscle atrophy, injury to the frontotemporal branch of the facial nerve, or bone pits in the craniotomy line. To resolve these problems during pterional craniotomy, an alternative method was developed in which a split myofascial bone flap and a free bone flap are used. The authors have used this method in the treatment of 40 patients over the last 3 years. Excellent cosmetic and functional results have been obtained. This method can provide wide exposure similar to that achieved using Yasargil's interfascial pterional craniotomy, without limiting the operative field with a bulky temporal muscle flap.
Surgery for acoustic neurinoma treated by gamma-knife radiosurgery: A case report; A 52-year-old woman had a history of left hearing loss for 5 years. An acoustic neurinoma with 3.2 cm in diameter was diagnosed and treated with gamma-knife radiosurgery (19 Gy of marginal dose) 1 year and 4 months ago. She developed headache, nausea, and visual disturbance 1 month prior to admission. Slight left facial palsy appeared after radiosurgery. Magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated the tumor with central necrosis in the left cerebellopontine angle cistern, increasing in size to 3.5 cm in diameter, and hydrocephalus. Tumor removal was performed incompletely, because of the fibrous appearance of the tumor and severe adherence with the surrounding cerebellar tissue. Facial palsy did not worsen after surgery. Since the hydrocephalus was not resolved, a right ventriculo-peritoneal shunt was inserted. The clinical course in this case suggests that tumor removal followed by radiosurgery was an approximately effective treatment for large acoustic neurinoma.
Ramsay hunt syndrome in a pregnant woman - A case report; We report on a pregnant woman with Ramsay Hunt syndrome whose facial palsy recovered after delivery. A 37-year-old woman had vertigo, as well as facial palsy, otalgia, and auricular eruption on the right side at 26 weeks gestation. Grade V facial palsy, absent caloric response, and absent vestibular evoked myogenic potential (VEMP) response were noted on the right side. Oral acyclovir (400 mg, five times daily) was administered consecutively for 5 days. She delivered a healthy baby 3 months later. Her facial palsy recovered and canal palsy returned to normal. In conclusion, Ramsay Hunt syndrome in pregnant women can be treated with oral acyclovir, resulting in a fair outcome of facial palsy in the mother, and no congenital anomalies in the child.
Suspected protozoal myeloencephalitis in a two-month-old colt.; A two-month-old Appaloosa colt developed neurological signs shortly after birth involving deficits affecting cranial nerves IV, VII, VIII, IX, X and XII, and possibly nerve VI. The most likely differential diagnoses were congenital anomalies, meningoencephalitides, trauma or nutritional causes. The foal was investigated by the analysis of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), electromyelography (EMG), brain auditory evoked responses, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), peripheral nerve biopsy, and Western blot analysis for the presence of intrathecal antibodies to Sarcocystis neurona, the causative agent of equine protozoal myeloencephalitis. Significantly abnormal EMG findings included spontaneous electrical activity of the tongue, suggesting denervation. The MRI was useful in ruling out masses, congenital anomalies and focal abscessation. The cytology of CSF revealed mild mononuclear reactivity. Western blot testing of CSF was positive, indicating the intrathecal presence of antibodies to S neurona. The foal was treated with pyrimethamine and trimethoprim-sulphadiazine for two months and returned to nearly normal neurologic status.
Idiopathic facial paralysis: a review and case study.; A holistic approach to patient care encourages oral health care professionals to look at each client's overall needs. Dental hygiene practitioners need to be aware of the causes of facial paralysis, current diagnostic techniques, treatment options and how the paralysis may be affecting a patient's emotional status. This article describes the oral health concerns of clients with idiopathic palsy, and how they can be assisted.
Quantitation of varicella-zoster virus DNA in patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome and zoster sine herpete; Varicella-zoster virus (VZV) reactivation causes facial nerve palsy in Ramsay Hunt syndrome (RHS) and zoster sine herpete (ZSH) with and without zoster rash, respectively. In the present study, we analyzed the VZV DNA copy number in saliva samples from 25 patients with RHS and 31 patients with ZSH using a TaqMan PCR assay to determine differences in the viral load between the two diseases. VZV copy number in saliva peaked near the day of the appearance of zoster in patients with RHS. Consequently, VZV DNA was less frequently detected in patients with RHS who exhibited facial palsy several days after the appearance of zoster. These findings suggest that the VZV load in saliva samples reflects the kinetics of viral reactivation in patients with RHS. In addition, VZV DNA was equally detected in saliva from patients with RHS and ZSH, and there was no significant difference in the highest viral copy number between patients with RHS and those with ZSH. The VZV load does not appear to reflect a major difference between RHS and ZSH.
Granulomatous lymphangitis of the scrotum and penis: Report of a case and review of the literature of genital swelling with sarcoidal granulomatous inflammation; Background: Acquired lymphedema of the genitalia is a rare childhood presentation and is more common in elderly individuals secondary to pelvic/abdomenal malignancy or its therapy or worldwide due to filariasis. Objective: Herein, we report a case of a healthy 11-year-old boy who presented with a 1-year history of chronic, asymptomatic scrotal and penile swelling. Biopsy revealed edema, lymphangiectases and peri- and intralymphatic sarcoidal type granulomas. This histologic pattern of granulomatous lymphangitis is most commonly associated with orofacial granulomatosis (granulomatous cheilitis and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome) and Crohn's disease. Treatment with topical steroids and physical support has resulted in marked improvement. No systemic disease (Crohn's disease) is evident 1 year later. Literature review revealed 44 cases of genital lymphedema with non-infectious granulomas. The majority of these young patients had Crohn's disease, frequently with anal involvement and a minority, both with and without Crohn's disease, had orofacial granulomatosis. Conclusions: Granulomatous lymphangitis should be considered in the differential diagnosis of chronic idiopathic swelling of the genitalia, particularly in younger individuals. Further clinical examination, additional laboratory studies and close follow-up for co-existing or sub-sequent development of Crohn's disease should be performed. The overlap between granulomatous lymphangitis of the genitalia, Crohn's disease and orofacial granulomatosis suggest that granulomatous lymphangitis of the genitalia may represent a forme fruste of Crohn's disease. © Munksgaard 2001.
Isolated non-compaction of the left ventricle: A rare indication for transplantation; This report describes the diagnostic difficulty encountered in a young female patient presenting with neurologic symptoms, atrial fibrillation and severe left ventricular systolic dysfunction, eventually leading to cardiac transplantation. The scrutiny used in the evaluation of the particular aspect of the left ventricle, and the integration of the information obtained from echocardiography, angiography and magnetic resonance imaging, led to the diagnosis of a rare and mostly unknown cause of cardiac failure. The correct identification of this entity is mandatory because enhanced risk of thromboembolism and malignant arrhythmia should be anticipated. A review of the literature revealed only 6 patients in whom isolated non-compaction of the left ventricle was treated by heart transplantation. Copyright © 2001 International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation.
Gamma knife radiosurgery of acoustic neurinomas; The authors report on their series of 40 patients with 41 acoustic neurinomas (ACNs), including one patient with bilateral acoustic neurinomas suffering from neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF II) who were treated with the gamma knife unit at their institution between August 1992 and October 1995. Of these 41 tumours, 21 ACNs had been operated on before (1 to 4 times), 20 ACNs were exclusively treated by gamma knife radiosurgery (GKRS). The maximal axial tumour diameter ranged from 6 to 33 mm (median: 25 mm), the maximal transverse tumour diameter ranged from 7 mm to 36 mm (median: 16 mm). The dose distributed to the tumour margin was 10 to 17 Gy (median: 12 Gy) by enclosing the tumour with the 40% to 95% isodose line (median: 50% isodose line) and using 1 to 12 isocenters (median: 5 isocenters). Central loss of contrast enhancement was observed in 78% of the patients within six to 12 months after radiosurgery. Thirty-two patients were observed over a minimum follow up period of at least 36 months, 9 patients were lost to follow up as they died of unrelated causes or refused further check-ups. Within the follow up period of up to seven years, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) control scans revealed the tumour diameter stable or decreased in 29 cases and increased in three tumours. Of 14 patients with useful hearing before treatment, 9 patients were examined in addition to pure tone audiogramm by measurement of brainstem auditory evoked potentials (BAEPs) one to four years after radiosurgery. None of these patients showed a postoperative loss of the cochlea function. According to slight alterations of the cochlea function (cochlea summating action potential), pure tone audiometry of those patients revealed only slight changes of the hearing level (HL) within a maximum range of ± 15 Decibel (dB). The hearing threshold improved in two, was stable in four and deteriorated in three patients, respectively. We observed postradiosurgical aggravation of a pre-existing facial weakness in two out of 13 patients, a new occurrence of facial palsy was seen in two cases (four years after treatment), one of them was previously operated on and both suffered from cystic degeneration with mass effect. Tinnitus improved in six out of 13 patients, deteriorated in two and never appeared as a new permanent sequela. Trigeminal hypaesthesia did also not appear as a new permanent symptom, improved in three out of 9, and deteriorated in one out of 9 patients. Vertigo increased in six out of 23, was stable in 8 and decreased in nine out of 23 patients each. GKRS proves to be a safe and highly satisfactory therapeutical option or addition to open surgery, especially for radiologically verified regrowing residual ACNs, but also as primary treatment in selected patients. A high rate of tumour control can be achieved with an acceptable rate of neurological deficits.
Middle ear malignancy masquerading as CSOM; Malignant transformations in middle ear cleft is an extremely rare phenomenon, squamous cell carcinoma being the most likely neoplasm. Classical hallmarks of otologic haemorrhage, facial palsy and inner ear damage may not be evident in a few cases though a long history of CSOM provides accolade. We present a young male operated upon for a seemingly benign otologic suppurative illness where an extensively destructive malignant disease with intracranial extension was unveiled.
Acyclovir improves recovery rate of facial nerve palsy in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Objective: Although the antiviral agent, acyclovir, is currently employed for the treatment in Ramsay Hunt syndrome, the benefit of acyclovir on facial nerve is still unknown and remains controversial. This study was designed to evaluate the effect of acyclovir in facial nerve recovery in Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Methods: To evaluate drug effect on facial nerve function, evaluation of the facial voluntary movement and nerve excitability testing were performed. We have used an infusion therapy of acyclovir in combination with a high dose of steroid (AS), which was started within 7 days of onset of facial nerve palsy in 91 patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. The results were compared with those of 47 patients whose therapy was steroid alone started within 7 days of onset. Results: Out of 91 patients treated with AS, nerve exitability was good in 68 (75%), while it was poor in 17 and absent in six. Of 47 patients treated with steroid alone, nerve exitability was good in 25 (53%), while it was poor in 11 and absent in 11. There was statistically significant difference between AS and steroid therapy in the posttreatment degree of nerve function. Complete recovery to grade I in facial voluntary movement was attained in 82 of 91 patients (90%) in the AS therapy, while out of 47 patients treated with steroid alone complete recovery to grade I was attained in only 30 (64%). A statistically significant difference in the recovery rate of facial nerve function was induced between AS and steroid therapy. Conclusion: The AS therapy was proved to keep good degree of nerve function indicated with nerve excitability testing and improve recovery rate of facial nerve in Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Based on this study, we now believe that the AS therapy is an advisable treatment modality to improve the recovery rate of facial nerve function in Ramsay Hunt syndrome. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tuberculous otitis media - A diagnostic dilemma; Tuberculous otitis media can provide a diagnostic challenge even to the most astute and experienced clinician. The rarity of the condition and its propensity to masquerade as commoner otological conditions further delays diagnosis and treatment. We present the case of a 22-year-old female who presented with chronic aural discharge, unilateral hearing loss and recurrent hemifacial paralysis. The paper highlights the difficulty in diagnosis and stresses the need for a high index of suspicion in cases resistant to the common methods of treatment. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Endolymphatic sac tumor: A case report; Papillary tumors of the temporal bone are aggressive neoplasms which may occur sporadically or as a part of von Hippel-Lindau disease. The term 'endolymphatic sac tumor' identifies the origin of these rare tumors. The clinical manifestations are sensorineural hearing loss, facial paralysis, cerebellar disorders and vertigo. The tumor is locally invasive, destructive and hypervascular exhibiting consistent imaging and histopathologic features. The treatment of choice is the total removal of the lesion although complete excision of the advanced lesion is nearly impossible due to the anatomic complexity of the endolymphatic sac and distinct patterns of extension. We present a 50-year-old male patient with endolymphatic sac tumor with left sided sensorineural hearing loss and review the literature. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Facial palsy and achondroplasia: A rare association; The association of facial palsy and achondroplasia is rare, The authors present two cases of such association. To their knowledge this has never been described before in the medical literature. Both patients underwent a two-stage facial reanimation procedure using nerve grafting and a free gracilis muscle transfer with very satisfactory functional and cosmetic results.
Prognostic factors in major salivary gland cancer; Objective: To identify features of major salivary gland cancers that are prognostic for disease-free survival. Study Design: A retrospective study of 78 patients with major salivary gland cancer (64 parotid and 14 submandibular gland) who underwent surgery for definitive treatment from 1976 to 1996. A select group of patients also received adjuvant radiation (56%) and/or chemotherapy (13%). Method: Clinical and pathological risk factors were obtained from patients' charts and pathology reports. Age, gender, tumor site, T-stage, facial paralysis, histologic neck involvement, perineural invasion, and cancer grade were analyzed with respect to disease-free survival. The role of adjuvant treatment in terms of clinical outcome was also investigated. Results: In our series, the 5-year disease-free survival was 65%. Examining clinical and histologic features one at a time, we found poorer prognosis was associated with submandibular tumors compared with parotid (P = .02), higher T-stage (P = .001), positive cervical nodes (P <.001), perineural invasion (P = .002), and high-grade or adenoid cystic tumors (P = .002). A multivariable analysis indicated that positive lymph nodes (P = .07) and perineural invasion (P = .03) were important histologic predictors of shorter disease-free survival. Receipt of both adjuvant radiation and cisplatin-based chemotherapy (P = .05) was an independent predictor of longer disease-free survival. Conclusion: Our study indicated that the presence of positive lymph nodes and perineural invasion is important independent predictors of disease-free survival. Our limited data also suggest that adjuvant chemotherapy and radiation therapy may improve disease-free survival.
Malignant otitis externa in an infant with selective IgA deficiency: A case report; The occurrence of malignant otitis externa (MOE) in infancy is rare. We report a case of MOE in a neonate who was later identified to have selective IgA deficiency. She was successfully treated with oral ciprofloxacin, but developed external auditory canal stenosis, a deformed pinna, persistent facial nerve palsy, temporal bone erosion and hearing loss. No cases of MOE in selective IgA deficiency have been reported in literature. This is also the first report on the use of ciprofloxacin in infants with MOE. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effective therapy of a vascular tumor of infancy with vincristine; Vascular tumors are common in infancy, affecting as many as 10% of children. These lesions often follow a benign course, with an initial proliferative phase followed by spontaneous involution, and require no therapy. Others manifest explosive early growth and Kasabach-Merritt phenomenon, requiring therapeutic intervention. Occasionally, some bulky tumors threaten life or vision because of mass effect, also mandating intervention. Steroids are the mainstay of therapy, but often are ineffective. Interferon alpha (2a and 2b) has been used as second-line therapy in cases of steroid failure. However, interferon therapy has been associated with a significant incidence of spastic diplegia. The authors present the case of a 3-month-old girl in whom respiratory distress secondary to tracheal compression developed. Magnetic resonance imaging and magnetic resonance angiography showed a large cervicothoracic lesion encasing the great vessels and displacing the airway. She did not display associated Kasabach-Merritt phenomenon. The lesion proved refractory to standard steroid therapy, but responded dramatically to 4 cycles of vincristine (0.05 mg/kg). Although this agent has been used in children with life-threatening Kasabach-Merritt phenomenon, this is the first time it has been described in the setting of compromised vital function. Vinca alkaloids recently have been shown to have potent antiangiogenic activities in experimental models. Given the low predicted incidence of side effects at this dose, vincristine used as an antiangiogenic agent may prove an attractive alternative therapy for patients with life-threatening vascular tumors of infancy. Copyright © 2001 W.B. Saunder's Company.
A case of thrombosed arteriovenous malformation in the brain stem; A rare operative case of thrombosed arteriovenous malformation (AVM) in the brain stem was reported focusing on its differential diagnosis from cavernous malformation. A 49-year-old woman had developed pontine hemorrhage twice during the last two years. She was diagnosed by neurologists as having cavernous malformation in the brain stem, and then referred to our institute. Neurological examinations showed left hemi motor and sensory disturbance, right abducent palsy and right auditory disturbance. A computed tomography (CT) scan revealed a high density mass in the brain stem considered as a hematoma with slight enhancement. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a high intensity mass in T1 and T2 weighted MRI with marginal hemosiderin rim, but neither flow void sign nor enhancement effect was detected. Angiography depicted no abnormal vasculature in the posterior fossa. The patient underwent surgical resection of the lesion 43 days after a second hemorrhage. Midline suboccipital craniotomy and the infrafacial route were chosen. Surgery was troubled by arterial bleeding, and pathological examination revealed a thrombosed AVM. She newly developed right facial palsy, right abducent palsy and disturbance of right conjugate gaze, but she is recovering step by step. Although the radiological feature of thrombosed AVM in the brain stem is similar to that of cavernous malformation, the operative procedure for thrombosed AVM is very difficult due to aggressive arterial bleeding that easily leads to surgical injury in the small surgical corridor in the brain stem. We reported a rare case that was pathologically well identified as thrombosed AVM in the brain stem focusing on its differential diagnosis and surgical treatment.
History of facial nerve surgery; The history of facial nerve surgery can be viewed as five overlapping periods, each characterized by a new understanding or approach to the management of facial nerve conditions. The first period, the period of discovery of the nerve of facial expression, began with Sir Charles Bell's description in 1829 of 3 cases of facial paralysis due to facial nerve trauma. The second period, from 1873 to 1960, was the era of facial nerve repair. Decompression of the facial nerve was the primary focus of facial nerve surgery in the third period, from 1908 to 1969. The fourth period, from 1970 to 2000, can be characterized as the "bottleneck" period in honor of the contributions to facial nerve surgery that resulted as Ugo Fisch and other surgeons sought ways to operate on this portion of the proximal nerve. In the current or fifth, period in the history of facial nerve surgery, we anticipate the advent of vaccines and antiviral medications to minimize the sequelae of Bell's palsy, further improvements in endoscopic equipment and techniques, and better surgical outcomes through the use of new technologies such as robotics.
Facial nerve repair: A retrospective review; The purpose of this article is to review a large series of patients evaluated for disorders of the facial nerve in order to assess the indications for surgery, the timing of surgery, the techniques of nerve repair, and to better define those factors associated with a favorable outcome. Study design: A retrospective review of patients undergoing facial nerve repair from 1963-1997. Methods: One hundred and three patients underwent surgical intervention designed to repair a disrupted facial nerve. All procedures were performed by one of the senior surgeons (M.M.). Seventy-two patients had a complete data set and at least one year of follow-up. Results: Eighty percent of patients attained an outcome considered superb to fair. Twenty percent of patients had a poor outcome. There was a slight worsening of outcome with increased time to repair. Patients with a neoplastic etiology of nerve paralysis tended to have a worse outcome. Conclusions: Facial nerve grafting is most successful if intervention is undertaken at or near the time of initial injury. However, prolonged time (up to two years) to repair does not preclude the potential for some recovery. The limitations of the current systems for grading facial recovery after nerve repair are well known, and the adoption of a new grading scale for assessing recovery after reanimation procedure is recommended.
Facial nerve grading systems; Clinicians require a reliable and sensitive facial grading system to determine the status of facial nerve function postinjury as well as to evaluate the efficacy of treatment outcomes. The method of assessment should be easy to administer, reproducible, clinically relevant, and require little time and expense. The grading system should be sufficiently sensitive to detect changes over time or following treatment. The lack of a universally accepted grading system frequently does not allow meaningful comparison when assessing the effectiveness of treatment protocols for facial nerve injury. The aim of this article is to review most of the previously published facial grading systems. It is our contention that a grading system developed and currently used within our institution appropriately addresses the needs as well as many of the deficiencies of most other grading systems.
Facial paralysis: Is there a role for a therapist?; Rehabilitation for peripheral facial paralysis is often neglected and patients are left untreated. This article explains how nonsurgical rehabilitation, specifically facial neuromuscular retraining, restores function in these patients. Patients with facial paralysis resulting from viral causes, postsurgical tumor resection, traumatic injury, or congenital paresis may be candidates for treatment. Typical patients present with flaccid paralysis acutely and may develop abnormal movement patterns (synkinesis) as recovery progresses. Neuromuscular retraining is effective. It provides specific strategies that inhibit synkinesis based on individual function and unique facial nerve and muscle properties. Successful rehabilitation results in improved patient satisfaction, self-esteem, and quality of life. Electrical stimulation should not be used at any time in facial rehabilitation. There is evidence that it may be contraindicated, and it is unnecessary. The imperative in treating synkinesis is to inhibit abnormally contracting muscles, not stimulate flaccid ones. The unfounded use of electrical stimulation is an unnecessary expense for patients and third-party payers.
Delayed post-irradiation bulbar palsy in nasopharyngeal carcinoma; In a hospital series of 70 patients on follow-up after radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma, 14 patients (20%) developed delayed post-irradiation bulbar palsy 1 to 18 years after radiotherapy (mean 5.5 years). Functional disability was moderate to severe. Three patients had aspiration pneumonia with one mortality. Post-irradiation bulbar palsy was a common complication and probably resulted from direct neuronal damage.
A case of rhinocerebral mucormycosis; A 57-year-old man with diabetes mellitus and chronic renal failure, visited our clinic with complaints of a cheek swelling, double vision, facial nerve palsy. Biopsy of the hard plate mucosa was performed and showed broad nonseptated fungus compatible with mucor. He was treated with chemotherapy, necrotomy with successful result and diabetes mellitus was also well controlled.
Isolated facial and hypoglossal nerve palsies at high altitude; Buddha Basnyat. Isolated Facial and Hypoglossal Nerve Palsies at High Altitude. High Alt Med Biol 2:301-303, 2001.- A variety of neurological disorders other than high altitude cerebral edema have been described at high altitude. This report documents isolated facial and hypoglossal nerve palsies that occurred in two travellers at high altitude in the Nepal Himalaya. The possible pathophysiological mechanisms of these neurological deficits are discussed.
Oculopalatal myoclonus resulting from the brainstem tegmental hemorrhage improved by the administration of valproate sodium and trihexyphenidyl; A 48-year-old man complained of oscillopsia three months following a brainstem hemorrhage, located predominantly in the lower pontine tegmentum on the right side. On examination, he showed a 2 Hz-vertical ocular myoclonus (OM), which was prominent in the primary position but decreased on vertical gaze. Other neurological findings were an atypical one-and-a-harf syndrome, right peripheral facial palsy and a slight right hemiparesis as well as marked truncal and left limb ataxia. Initially, palatal myoclonus (PM) was not noted, but appeared about eight months after onset of the stroke. Cranial MRI demonstrated inferior olivary hypertrophy showing a high-intensity signal on T2 and proton-weighted images, in addition to an old hematoma located from the midline to the right in the lower pontine tegmentum. OM was dramatically suppressed with the administration of sodium valproate (1200 mg/day) and trihexyphenidyl (6 mg/day), although PM persisted. It is conceivable that oculopalatal myoclonus (OPM) in the present case might be caused by the deafferentation of the inferior olivary nucleus due to the injury of the central tegmental tract, or a lesion of cell groups in the paramedian tracts, mainly located in the median region of the caudal pons and medulla.
Treatment alternatives for postsurgical and posttraumatic facial reanimation; Facial nerve paralysis, as a result of trauma or surgery, exacts a dramatic physical and emotional toll from patients. Loss of facial nerve function represents the most outwardly noticeable cranial neuropathy, often leading to social isolation and reduced self-image. Attempts to restore normal facial nerve function after traumatic injury have been unsatisfactory; however, marked improvements in facial tone, symmetry at rest, protection of eye exposure, and voluntary motion can be achieved. This article reviews approaches to the paralyzed facial nerve as a result of trauma or surgery. New variations on longstanding techniques such as temporalis muscle transposition and hypoglossal-facial nerve repair have limited donor morbidity. Particular advances have been made recently using innervated microvascular free muscle transfer and a critical review of their role is presented. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Surgical tactics and outcome of treatment in jugular foramen schwannomas; Seven patients with schwannomas of the jugular foramen were included our study in Samsung Medical Center between 1995 and 1999. Patients with neurofibromatosis were excluded. The records of the seven patients (six surgical case and one nonsurgical case) were retrospectively reviewed. There were six women and one man (mean age, 47 years) with a symptom duration ranging from 3 months to 14 years (mean, 47 months). The predominant symptoms were hearing difficulty, hemifacial spasm and hoarseness. Preoperative audiologic evaluation, computerised tomography (CT), magnetic resonance (MR) imaging, and angiography were performed in most patients. We classified tumours into four types using Kaye and Pellet classification on the basis of radiological and surgical findings. The tumours were: Type A (at cerebellopontine angle) in one; Type B (foraminal) in two; Type C (extracranial and/or foraminal) in two; and Type D (intra- and extracranial) in two cases. We used various surgical approaches such as retrosigmoid suboccipital craniectomy for Type A tumours, infratemporal fossa type A approach (ITFA) for Type C tumours, petro-occipital transsigmoid approach or modified transcochear approach for Type D tumours and ITFA with partial labyrinthectomy for Type B. In the selection of surgical approaches, we took consideration of tumour extension, tumour size, and preoperative hearing function. Facial nerve transposition was not used only in one case of ITFA because of small tumour size (1.5 cm). Gross total removal was achieved in five cases, and subtotal removal in one case (Type D tumour) with a single-stage operation. Stereotactic radiosurgery was performed on residual mass in the subtotally removed case. Follow-up period ranged from 13 to 49 months (mean, 27.5 months). There was neither postoperative mortality nor recurrence on follow-up MR imaging. There were two cases of temporary facial nerve palsy and one aggravation of pre-exising low cranial palsy. Two case of sustained vocal cord palsy underwent thyroplasty, but there was no aspiration pneumonia. Persistent cerebrospinal fluid collection was improved with lumboperitoneal shunt. The surgical approaches of each case should be tailored according to their shape and the clinical manifestation. We obtain acceptable outcomes from one-stage operation. © 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Canal-down mastoidectomy: Experience in 81 cases; Objectives: To identify the common presentation(s) and the clinical and operative finding(s) in patients with cholesteatomatous and long-term noncholesteatomatous chronic suppurative otitis media and to adapt a surgical management best suited to ensure long-term safety in these Papua New Guinean patients for whom postoperative follow-up is minimal. Design: Retrospective case series. Setting: Port Moresby General Hospital, the tertiary referral center for otolaryngologic services. Patients: Eighty-one patients in all age groups who received a clinical diagnosis of chronic suppurative otitis media, with or Without cholesteatoma, with or without its associated complications. Intervention: Canal-down (modified radical) mastoidectomy with wide meatoplasty. Main Outcome Measure and Results: Adults were more commonly affected than adolescent or pediatric cases, and there was a male preponderance. The median age was 24 years (range, 13 months to 73 years). Otorrhea remained the most common presentation in all age groups. Postauricular abscesses and fistulae were seen frequently. Cholesteatoma and granulation with polypoidal mucosa were frequent operative findings; a high incidence involved both the attic space and the antrum. Five (6%) patients had preoperative facial paralysis; in addition, postoperative facial paralysis developed in three (4%) patients. The incidence of postoperative "wet ear" was high in all age groups. Meningitis was the most common intracranial complication, followed by lateral sinus thrombosis. There were seven (9%) deaths altogether, and all the deaths occurred as a direct result of otogenic intracranial complication. Conclusion: Lack of health consciousness, poor socioeconomic status, and lack of health care delivery system resulted in late presentations and poor postoperative follow-up. Hence, the canal-wall-down technique with wide meatoplasty is recommended to ensure a best possible one-time treatment in Papua New Guinean patients with cholesteatomatous or long-term "dangerous" chronic suppurative otitis media with or without complications.
Delayed facial palsy after stapedectomy; Objective: To study the incidence, pathogenesis, and prevention of delayed facial palsy after stapedectomy. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Setting: Otology/neurotology referral center. Patients: A series of 2152 stapedectomy procedures in 2106 patients over 12 years. Intervention: Delayed facial palsy after stapedectomy was studied. Main Outcome Measure: House-Brackmann facial nerve grading system and serum antibody titer tests for herpes simplex virus type I and type II, and varicella zoster virus. Results: Delayed facial palsy occurred in 11 of 2152 procedures. Delayed facial palsy occurred from 5 to 16 days (mean 8) after stapedectomy. Predisposing factors were bony facial canal dehiscence with bare or bulging facial nerve herniation in 5 patients; chorda tympani nerve stretched, manipulated, or cut in 2 patients; granulomatous reaction to Gelfoam in 1 patient; fever blisters on the upper lip in 1 patient; and sinusitis in 2 patients. Elevated anti-varicella antibody titers were found in all 6 patients studied. Anti-herpes simplex type I and II antibody titers were elevated in 5 of 6 patients. Acyclovir was effective in preventing delayed facial palsy in 1 patient who had undergone revision stapedectomy and experienced delayed facial palsy after previous stapedectomy in the same ear with elevated anti-herpes antibody titer. Conclusions: Delayed facial palsy occurred in 0.51% of patients after stapedectomy. Serologic investigation suggests activation of latent herpesvirus. Mechanical irritation of the facial or chorda nerve during operation may trigger the activation. The anti-herpesvirus agent acyclovir may prevent delayed facial palsy after stapedectomy in patients suspected of having this complication.
Eighth nerve aplasia and hypoplasia in cochlear implant candidates: The clinical perspective; Objective: To identify the clinical and radiologic characteristics of aplasia and hypoplasia of the eighth nerve. Study Design: Retrospective case-note review. Setting: Cochlear implant program. Patients: All children at the authors' institution in whom the cochlear implant assessment failed because of absence or hypoplasia of the eighth nerve. Intervention: Computed tomography of petrous bones and magnetic resonance imaging of the brain. Main Outcome Measures: Presence or absence of eighth nerve and other radiologic factors contraindicating implantation. Results: Of 143 cochlear implant candidates, 237 were judged ineligible for cochlear implantation. The preimplant assessment failed in 10 candidates of 143 because of bilateral aplasia or hypoplasia of the eighth nerve (7 cases) or Unilateral aplasia or hypoplasia of the eighth nerve and a contraindication to operation on the other side (3 cases). The aplasia or hypoplasia of the eighth nerve was confirmed by magnetic resonance imaging in seven cases (5%): six were syndromic (3 CHARGE, I VATERRAPADILLINO, 1 Möbius, I Okihiro), and one was nonsyndromic autosomal-recessive. All seven children had delayed motor milestones and absence of auditory brainstem responses. Conclusion: Aplasia and hypoplasia of the eighth nerve are not uncommon in pediatric cochlear implant candidates, particularly in the presence of a syndrome such as CHARGE. Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain is mandatory before implantation because it can identify the presence or absence of the eighth nerve. Parents of children with profound hearing loss, delayed motor milestones, absence of auditory brainstem responses, and a syndromic diagnosis, should be made aware of this possible abnormality.
Enhanced reinnervation of the paralyzed orbicularis oculi muscle after insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) delivery to a nerve graft; Facial paralysis (FP) remains today one of the most disturbing cranial nerve disorders. The present study utilized the rat model of FP and examined a dual approach of combining the current microsurgical treatment of cross-facial nerve graft (CFNG) with local administration of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I). The efficacy of this combined treatment approach was assessed by motor end-plate analysis of the reinnervated orbicularis oculi muscle (OOM). Local administration of IGF-I (50 μg/ml) to the CFNG demonstrated a 61 percent increase in the number of end-plates in the reinnervated OOMs, compared to the OOMs reinnervated with CFNG plus vehicle. These results indicate that the local therapeutic augmentation of IGF-I levels at the coaptation site(s) of the CFNG may, in fact, enhance reinnervation of muscle and recovery of function in general.
Viral infections of the CNS with special emphasis on herpes simplex infections; Within the past decade the management of acute HSV I encephalitis has been improved dramatically by the advent of the polymerase chain reaction (PCR), a method which has become the gold standard of diagnosis of HSV I encephalitis, replacing diagnostic uncertainties and, avoiding, in particular, invasive brain biopsy. Early detection of HSV II in the neonate is mandatory; however, prevention by Caesarean section and/or prenatal therapy of the mother are for this the best option. Very recently the causative agent of Mollaret's meningitis has proved to be, at least in part, HSV I or II. So far prospective randomized therapeutic trials are awaited for the treatment of Mollaret's meningitis using intravenous acyclovir or the more modern oral forms of virostatics (famciclovir, valaci-clovir). For decades the causative agent of facial palsy (Bell's palsy) has been sought; only with the advent of PCR has this question been answered. Although one single study indicates the superiority of a combination of acyclovir plus prednisone, this finding has to be confirmed by a large scale prospective randomised double blind study. Nevertheless, if other causes for the clinical/neurological syndrome of peripheral facial palsy have been excluded, a combination therapy with acyclovir plus prednisone seems to be indicated in a patient with Bell's palsy.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome; The strict definition of the Ramsay Hunt syndrome is peripheral facial nerve palsy accompanied by an erythematous vesicular rash on the ear (zoster oticus) or in the mouth. J Ramsay Hunt, who described various clinical presentations of facial paralysis and rash, also recognised other frequent symptoms and signs such as tinnitus, hearing loss, nausea, vomiting, vertigo, and nystagmus. He explained these eighth nerve features by the close proximity of the geniculate ganglion to the vestibulocochlear nerve within the bony facial canal. Hunt's analysis of clinical variations of the syndrome now bearing his name led to his recognition of the general somatic sensory function of the facial nerve and his defining of the geniculate zone of the ear. It is now known that varicella zoster virus (VZV) causes Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Compared with Bell's palsy (facial paralysis without rash), patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome often have more severe paralysis at onset and are less likely to recover completely. Studies suggest that treatment with prednisone and acyclovir may improve outcome, although a prospective randomised treatment trial remains to be undertaken. In the only prospective study of patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, 14% developed vesicles after the onset of facial weakness. Thus, Ramsay Hunt syndrome may initially be indistinguishable from Bell's palsy. Further, Bell's palsy is significantly associated with herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection. In the light of the known safety and effectiveness of antiviral drugs against VZV or HSV, consideration should be given to early treatment of all patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome or Bell's palsy with a 7-10 day course of famciclovir (500 mg, three times daily) or acyclovir (800 mg, five times daily), as well as oral prednisone (60 mg daily for 3-5 days). Finally, some patients develop peripheral facial paralysis without ear or mouth rash, associated with either a fourfold rise in antibody to VZV or the presence of VZV DNA in auricular skin, blood mononuclear cells, middle ear fluid, or saliva. This indicates that a proportion of patients with "Bell's palsy" have Ramsay Hunt syndrome zoster sine herpete. Treatment of these patients with acyclovir and prednisone within 7 days of onset has been shown to improve the outcome of recovery from facial palsy.
Pituitary apoplexy caused by luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone in prolactin-producing adenoma; We report a case in which pituitary apoplexy developed shortly after an intravenous (i.v.) injection of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LH-RH). A 56-year-old man with prolactin-producing pituitary tumor complained of severe headache, visual field loss and facial nerve palsy shortly after LH-RH test. Magnetic resonance image (MRI) revealed a hemorrhage in the pituitary adenoma. He showed dramatic improvement in his symptoms after decompression surgery. These findings suggest a causal relationship between the i.v. injection of LH-RH and pituitary apoplexy. Possible pituitary apoplexy should be kept in mind during pituitary testing.
The use of botulinum toxin in ophthalmology.; As the diversity of clinical applications for the botulinum neurotoxin continues to grow, exciting developments are occurring in its use around the eye, where indeed its benefits were first recognized. These include use to treat strabismus, eyelid disorders and a number of other ocular conditions.
Lateral canthoplasty for facial nerve paralysis and exposure keratitis in a mouse.; An 11-month old entire male mouse was presented with mucopurulent discharge and corneal scarring of the left eye. This mouse previously had a history of ear mites that responded to therapy, and had undergone surgery to remove a large discharging mass from the left side of the neck. The eye problem was noted prior to surgery, but after the ear mite infection. Examination revealed absence of a palpebral reflex in the left eye, and no spontaneous movements of the left ear or lip and whiskers. Examination of the left eye revealed extensive corneal vascularisation and pigmentation. Intraocular structures were not visible. A diagnosis of facial nerve paralysis and secondary exposure keratitis was made. Surgery was performed to close the lateral canthus and reduce corneal exposure. Following surgery the eye discharge ceased and corneal vascularisation resolved, however corneal pigmentation persisted.
Oral manifestations of HIV/AIDS in a Kenyan provincial hospital.; BACKGROUND: In Kenya many patients exposed to the HIV infection present with orofacial lesions as the primary manifestations of the disease and only a few studies have been performed to document this observation. OBJECTIVE: To clinically evaluate and document the range and pattern of oral lesions in a group of hospitalised patients with HIV-infection. DESIGN: A prospective study. SETTING: Coast Province General Hospital in Mombasa, Kenya, which is the main referral institution serving a population of approximately two million people. METHODS: Examination of all the cases included in the study was performed according to the WHO criteria. Both male and female patients aged 16 years and above were selected. The criterion of recruitment was based on a suspicion of immunosuppression, the presence of oral manifestations and the willingness to participate in the study. Prior to the examination each patient had undergone counselling followed by two consecutive screening tests using the ELISA technique. Where indicated incisional biopsy was performed to confirm the clinical diagnosis of the relevant lesions. In collaboration with the medical team, treatment was administered as per the needs of the patient in terms of anti-fungals, antivirals or topical cortisteroids. RESULTS: Of the 61 cases, 25(41%) were males and 36(59%) females with an age range of 19 to 65 years (mean = 34.7 years). While all the cases had periodontal disease, over 80% had candidiasis of the hyperplastic, erythematous and pseudomembraneous types. Lymphadenopathy and angular cheilitis were each diagnosed in 27.9% of the cases; while oral Kaposi's sarcoma was seen in 13% of the patients. Other conditions seen included persistent oral ulceration (11.5%), oral hairy leukopLakia and herpes zoster each constituting 4.9%; herpes simplex, mucosal hyperpigmentation, parotomegaly and facial palsy each comprised six per cent and oral warts seen in one case. In accordance with the pattern and prevalence of oral manifestations in our study, the results were largely consistent with those documented elsewhere. CONCLUSION: For the alleviation of the morbidity arising from the commonly occurring lesions, early detection is mandatory. Furthermore, documentation of the varied regional patterns of occurrence of these lesions may aid in the rational application of the emerging treatments.
Cerebellopontine angle epidermoids; Cerebellopontine angle epidermoids although slow growing congenital neoplasms are of considerable neurosurgical interest because of their close adherence to cranial nerves and brainstem. We describe our experience of 18 patients operated by microneurosurgical technique in our institution to analyse the functional outcome following Ceresurgical excision.
Malignant external otitis with skull base osteomyelitis; A case of malignant external otitis with skull base osteomyetitis is reported herewith in a patient presenting with right ear pain. The examination revealed a mass arising from right parapharyngeal wall with base of skull erosion. Biopsy of the mass was done and histopathological examination was reported to be osteomyelitis of skull base in this case of malignant external otitis complicated with facial nerve palsy.
Surgical therapy of parotid hemangiomas; The goal of this review is to define the clinical characteristics of parotid hemangiomas in children and outline their therapeutic management. The records of 42 pediatric patients with hemangiomas were reviewed; 10 required surgical treatment. Two cases of temporary postoperative facial nerve palsy were observed. Treatment was commonly delayed, and there is a significant likelihood of spontaneous regression. The indications for surgical intervention are an increase in tumor size, rapid tumor growth, failure of tumor size to decrease and hemorrhage into the lesion.
Case report: The combined treatment of manual acupuncture, electro-acupuncture and low-level laser therapy in the management of herpes zoster complicated by right side facial palsy; Herpes zoster or shingles is a common presenting problem in both general practice and pain clinics, particularly when it is associated with one or more complications such as postherpetic neuralgia and facial paralysis. This case report describes the successful use of a treatment combination (manual acupuncture, electroacupuncture and low-level laser therapy) in the management of herpes zoster complicated by right side facial palsy.
Guillain-Barré syndrome in a child with acute lymphoblastic leukemia; A 4-year-old boy with acute lymphoblastic leukemia receiving maintenance treatment developed quadriparesis, facial palsy, difficulty in swallowing, and hypertension following a respiratory infection and candida septicemia. Examination of the cerebrospinal fluid was normal initially but later showed albuminocytologic dissociation, the characteristic finding of Guillain-Barré syndrome. Complete recovery occurred after treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin. Differential diagnosis of Guillain-Barré syndrome from vincristine toxicity in patients with leukemia and possible association with the infections are discussed.
Acute facial-nerve paralysis with parotid adenolymphoma; An 82-year-old woman presented with acute facial paralysis in association with parotid swelling following fine-needle aspiration cytology of a parotid adenolymphoma. Evacuation of a tense haematoma decompressed the nerve and led to complete recovery within 6 months. Additionally, the tumour is no longer evident, either clinically or radiologically, and fine-needle aspiration cytology appears to have been both diagnostic and, inadvertently, therapeutic in this case. © 2001 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons.
Clinical evaluation of 3 types of plate osteosynthesis for fixation of condylar neck fractures; Purpose: The goal of this study was to evaluate outcomes in patients who had condylar neck fractures treated with 3 different plating techniques. Patients and Methods: A retrospective study was performed on 37 patients with 40 fractures of the condylar neck that were reduced and stabilized using an approach involving exposure of the facial nerve. Stabilization was achieved with a single miniplate (17 fractures), a minidynamic compression plate (13 fractures), or double miniplates (10 fractures). Results: Plate fracture or screw loosening was exclusively observed in cases stabilized with either a single miniplate or a minidynamic compression plate. No cases of inadequate stability were observed when 2 miniplates were used. Conclusions: The 2-miniplate fixation technique provides functionally stable fixation for fractures of the condylar neck. © 2001 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Delayed bilateral facial nerve palsy following crushing head injury; A 49-year-old man who works for a paper mill was admitted for bilateral severe rhinorrhea and otorrhea due to a crushing head injury. In the accident, his head was compressed bilaterally by a paper compressor at the temporal region. Upon admission, his consciousness was dull and he had no other neurological symptoms such as cranial nerve palsy. CT scan revealed marked pneumocephalus, fluid collection in the bilateral sphenoidal sinuses and nasal cavities, but not in the internal auditory meatuses. Bone CT detected a clival fracture, while the bilateral pyramidal bones were intact. MRI did not detect any cerebral parenchymal damage or nerve damage. He recovered full conscious, but, bilateral facial palsy (House-Brackman grade IV) appeared 12 days after the head injury. Predonisolone and vitamin B12 were immediately administered. Facial palsy on the right side completely disappeared 48 days after injury. The patient experienced difficulty in closing his eyes and the salivation and stapedial reflexes disappeared. Based on the clinical findings, the facial nerves in the fallopian canals were concluded to have been injured. We will describe the present case and discuss the mechanism underlying traumatic facial nerve palsy without pyramidal bone fracture due to low velocity crushing head injury.
Atypical fisher syndrome with optic nerve involvement; We report a 38-year-old woman who developed what appeared to be Fisher syndrome associated with optic nerve involvement. One week after a common cold, she developed double vision and left facial palsy. Four days after the onset, she developed bilateral blurred vision, painful total ophthalmoplegia, and ataxic gait. Brain CT and MRI findings were normal. Her vision worsened but the optic fundi were normal. Serum anti-GQ 1 b antibody was elevated. She received steroid therapy at another hospital, and her vision, facial palsy and ocular pain improved. She was transferred to our hospital and we treated her by plasma exchange. She showed near complete recovery. Human optic and ocular nerves contain high amount of GQ 1 b. This may be a underlying mechanism for optic nerve involvement in Fisher syndrome. We thought that she had an atypical Fisher syndrome associated with optic nerve involvement.
Clinical characteristics and management of ALS; Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is the most common form of degenerative motor neuron disease in adulthood. The clinical picture was accurately described by Charcot over 125 years ago and consists of generalized fasciculations, progressive atrophy and weakness of the skeletal muscles, spasticity and pyramidal tract signs, dysarthria, dysphagia, and dyspnea. Pseudobulbar affect is common. Disease-specific treatment options are still unsatisfactory. However, therapeutic nihilism is not justified as a large array of palliative measures is available to enhance the quality of life of patients and their families. Palliative care in ALS is a multidisciplinary effort requiring careful coordination. An open and frank disclosure of the diagnosis is of paramount importance. Nutritional deficiency due to pronounced dysphagia can be relieved by a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy. Respiratory insufficiency can be effectively treated by noninvasive home mechanical ventilation. The terminal phase of the disease should be discussed, at the latest, when symptoms of dyspnea appear in order to prevent unwarranted fears of "choking to death." Collaboration with hospice and completion of advance directives can be of invaluable help in the terminal phase.
The use of intravenous immunoglobulin as maintenance therapy in myasthenia gravis; The standard therapy for myasthenia gravis (MG) includes steroids and immunosuppressants, which have delayed onset of action and significant side effects. Plasmapheresis and intravenous immunoglobulin have been used mostly for the treatment of severe exacerbations. In the present study we examined the use of intravenous immunoglobulin as maintenance treatment in MG. We included 11 patients with generalized myasthenia gravis. All had severe bulbar and respiratory involvement that required mechanical ventilation in three patients. Intravenous immunoglobulin treatment was initiated at a dose of 400 mg/kg/d for 5 days and followed by maintenance with 400 mg/kg once monthly. Regular medications were continued as necessary. There was significant improvement in all patients, and none required mechanical ventilation over the treatment period of 20.3 months ± 8.3 (mean ± SD, total patient years of treatment = 18.7). Steroid and pyridostigmine doses were reduced significantly and steroids were discontinued in two patients. There were no serious side effects related to intravenous immunoglobulin. These results suggest that intravenous immunoglobulin maintenance therapy is a valid modality in patients with MG.
Facial nerve palsy associated with Rickettsia conorii infection.; Facial nerve palsy has been occasionally attributed to infectious agents, but Rickettsiae species have not been documented as causative agents. We report two adolescent girls with facial nerve palsy and serological evidence of R conorii infection. These cases indicate that rickettsioses should be included among the causes of facial nerve palsy, particularly in endemic areas.
Management of facial paralysis resulting from temporal bone fractures: Our experience in 115 cases.; OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to review decision factors and overall results regarding surgical and nonsurgical management of post-traumatic facial nerve paralysis (FP). STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective study and literature review were performed. METHODS: Between 1984 and 1990, 115 cases of post-traumatic FP were handled. Patients were evaluated through clinical, audiologic, radiologic, and electromyogram assessment. Depending on examination results, patients were treated either medically or surgically through total facial nerve decompression. RESULTS: Forty-nine of the 50 medically treated patients experienced a normal or subnormal facial function recovery (grade I-II). Of the 65 (56.5%) surgically treated patients, 52 (80%) had immediate, 2 had delayed, and 11 (17%) had unknown delay-associated FP. The approaches chosen were middle fossa and transmastoid (75.3%), translabyrinthine (10.7%), or pure transmastoid according to facial nerve nonmotor branch evaluation, hearing, location of the fracture line, and the patient's general condition. Lesions were predominantly found in the geniculate ganglion area (66.2%). A nerve gap was found in only 13.8% of the cases. At 2 years after surgery, 93.8% had a grade I to III recovery. None had grade V or VI. CONCLUSION: The rarity of severe nerve lesions encountered in surgically treated patients raises the question of better selection of candidates for surgery. Surgery is clearly indicated when FP is total, is of immediate onset, and is associated with a bad prognosis electromyogram pattern. In other settings, decisions are to be made based on high-resolution CT data and electromyogram results, thanks to a clinical survey and second electromyogram evaluation.
Lyme neuroborreliosis in More and Romsdal; BACKGROUND: The broad variations in the clinical manifestation in Lyme borreliosis underline the importance of laboratory investigations in serum and cerebrospinal fluid. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We have studied patients with neurological signs compatible with Lyme neuroborreliosis, pleocytosis in cerebrospinal fluid and positive Borrelia serology in serum/cerebrospinal fluid analysed by ELISA. We have evaluated clinical characteristics, laboratory parameters, treatment effects, and incidence variations. RESULTS: We included 25 patients in the study. Isolated facial palsy was often seen, but clinical manifestations showed huge variation. Fourteen of 25 (56%) patients had positive Borrelia burgdorferi-IgM and IgG titres in cerebrospinal fluid despite negative tests in serum. The mean annual incidence rate in the county judged by notified cases to the Norwegian Surveillance System for Communicable Diseases (MSIS) was 4.4/100,000 in the period 1989-99 as compared to the national rate of 4.3/100,000 in the same period. In 1998, however, the annual incidence rate in the county was 8.8/100,000 as compared to the national rate of 4.1/100,000. INTERPRETATION: The diversity of symptoms and signs suggests a liberal attitude towards serological testing including CSF analyses. Møre and Romsdal is a high incidence region for Lyme borreliosis in Norway. The annual variation in incidence might reflect a changing prevalence of the tick vector along the Norwegian coastline.
Mouse model of Bell's palsy induced by reactivation of herpes simplex virus type 1; In order to investigate the mechanism of Bell's palsy, we developed an animal model of facial nerve paralysis induced by the reactivation of herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1). Eight weeks after recovery from facial nerve paralysis caused by inoculation with HSV-1, the mice were treated with auricular skin scratch at the site of the previous inoculation, or with intraperitoneal injection of anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody (mAb), or combination of both procedures. No mice developed facial nerve paralysis when they were treated with either auricular scratch or mAb injection alone. In contrast, 20% of mice developed facial nerve paralysis with the combined treatment. With one exception, no mouse treated with either auricular scratch or mAb injection showed HSV-1 DNA in their facial nerve tissue, whereas 4 out of 6 mice receiving both treatments showed HSV-1 DNA on day 10 after treatment. Histopathological findings showed neuronal degeneration in the geniculate ganglion and demyelination of the facial motor nerve in paralyzed mice. These findings suggest that a combination of stimuli, local skin irritation, and general immunosuppression is essential for successfully inducing facial nerve paralysis in mice with latent HSV-1 infection.
Taking drugs during pregnancy: How safe are the unsafe?; QUESTION: I prescribed misoprostol to one of my patients with a peptic ulcer. When she found out she was pregnant while on the drug, both she and, admittedly, I were very scared to learn that the drug is teratogenic in that it causes Möbius syndrome. How great is the risk? ANSWER: Very small. Although women who use misoprostol during the first trimester have a 30-fold higher risk of having babies with Möbius syndrome, the malformation is so rare that, even if you see 1000 women who took misoprostol during embryogenesis, you might not see a single child with the syndrome. It is crucial to explain the size of the risk; otherwise women tend to believe the risk is huge even when, in fact, it is hardly measurable.
Diagnosis and therapy of Lyme disease in children. Recommendation of the German society of paediatric infectiology; Summary: Lyme borreliosis is the most frequent tick-borne disease of man in the northern hemisphere. A variety of systems may be involved. The most frequent manifestations in childhood include erythema migrans, meningitis, cranial nerve palsy and arthritis. Erythema migrans is usually easily recognised and determination of antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi should not be performed. Childhood neuroborreliosis is characterised mostly by aseptic meningitis with or without cranial nerve palsy, in most cases facial palsy. Basic CSF findings often show a combined evidence of lymphocytic pleocytosis, IgM-class dominance in intrathecal humoral immun response, and blood-CSF barrier dysfunction. Calculation of the Borrelia burgdorferi specific IgM antibody index (according to REIBER) proved to be the most sensitive method for detecting intrathecal synthesis of specific antibodies. Lyme arthritis presents initially as episodic oligo-arthritis, mostly involving the knee joint, and may turn into chronic monoarthritis of the knee; usually high titers of IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi are found. The rarer manifestations such as encephalomyelitis, chronic arthritis, carditis and inflammatory eye disease may be difficult to diagnose due to clinical ambiguity and problems in the interpretation of serological results. Antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi found by sensitive ELISA must always be confirmed by immunoblot analysis, but sometimes immunoblot analysis is more sensitive than ELISA. Treatment is by antibiotics, amoxicillin or doxyciclin for erythema migrans, and i.v. third generation cephalosporins for all other manifestations. Even after successful antibiotic therapy, antibodies may persist for months and years and no further antibiotic treatment is necessary in the absence of attributable clinical manifestations. The differentiation between a persisting immune response and a persisting infection therefore has to be based upon the clinical symptoms, non-specific laboratory data and the development of the antibody titers.
Treatment of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; We report the case of an 67 year old man with granulomatous cheilitis, lingua plicata and recurrent hyposalivation as symptoms of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Treatment was successful with Clofazimine. We discuss the use of hydroxychloroquine, minocycline, metronidazole and dapsone.
The use of liposuction and lipoinjection in the debulking and contouring of flaps; The secondary revision of a transferred flap is often needed for both functional and aesthetic reasons. In the past, this was accomplished by partial elevation of the flap with debulking and contouring, which requires a two-stage operation. Liposuction and lipoinjection, on the other hand, have become widely accepted techniques that allow aesthetic surgeons to sculpture fat in all body regions. It then is a natural extension that these techniques are used in flap revision. In this paper, the selection of cases where these techniques are indicated, devices that are useful for treatment and operative procedure are all discussed, and some results are demonstrated. As a result, liposuction could markedly improve the aesthetic appearance with appropriate planning and technique. Moreover, liposuction could also be indicated for cases of facial paralysis needing some revision after a latissimus dorsi muscle flap transfer. Lipoinjection was indicated for those cases that have a small hollow with a good wound bed. However, the effectiveness was uncertain, because of the short follow-up time.
Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with bilateral facial nerve palsy; Primary manifestation of Wegener's granulomatosis in the mucosa of the middle ear is rather rare, and has been reported as presenting with serous otitis media, chronic otitis media, sensorineural hearing loss, and, in rare instances, unilateral facial palsy. Bilateral facial palsy has never been reported. This last fact constitutes the interest in our report of a 23-year-old female patient who presented with symptoms of recurrent bilateral otitis media, eventually developing sensorineural hearing loss and bilateral facial palsy. Soon thereafter neurological symptoms appeared and lung extension was noted. Histological examination of repeated biopsies taken from the nasal and middle ear mucosa was not conclusive for the suspected disease, and c-ANCA titers were also initially repeatedly negative. Eventually, positive lung biopsy and elevated c-ANCA titers when the patient had developed pulmonary granulomas confirmed the diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis. Mastoid surgery with facial nerve decompression of the most severely afflicted side did not result in the recovery of facial nerve function. Medical therapy with corticosteroids and cyclophosphamide improved the clinical picture but were ineffective in improving the bilateral sensorineural hearing loss and the facial paralysis on the operated side. We would contribute to the literature a unique case of bilateral facial nerve palsy due to Wegener's granulomatosis.
Two cases of intraparotid facial neurinoma; Case 1 was a 45-year-old male, who was accidentally found a left intraparotid facial nerve schwannoma, during post-operative following-up period of acoustic tumor in the same side. Case 2 was a 26-year-old female who noticed a mass lesion in her left parotid gland. Both cases had no remarkable symptoms. These tumors were growing slowly. Fine needle aspiration biopsy showed class I ∼ II. During operation, a yellow encapsulated tumor arising from the facial nerve was observed, and we removed the tumor totally in each case. After operation, facial palsy was occurred temporally, however, recovering within several months. We found no recurrence in both cases. We consider that the best treatment for intraparotid facial nerve schwannoma is total removal of the tumor without injuring the facial nerve, and recommend intraoperative pathological examination to diagnose this tumor.
Parotid mass: Epstein-Barr virus and facial paralysis; Infectious mononucleosis is a common diagnosis in the pediatric and young adult population. Symptoms include low grade fever, malaise, odynophagia, and cervical lymphadenopathy. Neurological manifestations are uncommon, but include cranial nerve neuropathies. We describe a case of infectious mononucleosis in a pediatric patient who presented with a parotid mass and facial nerve palsy. Diagnosis was confirmed with a monospot test and Epstein-Barr virus antibody panel. The patient was managed conservatively with near total recovery of facial nerve function. This case demonstrates the need to consider infectious etiology prior to surgical intervention of a pediatric patient with facial nerve paresis and a parotid mass. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Aciclovir for Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis).; BACKGROUND: The most common disorder of the facial nerve is acute idiopathic facial paralysis or Bell's palsy and there may be significant morbidity or incomplete recovery associated with severe cases. Although the cause remains unknown, recent evidence suggests a possible association with Herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection. To test this hypothesis clinically four clinical trials have used aciclovir, an antiviral agent, either alone or in combination with corticosteroids to treat Bell's palsy. OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy of aciclovir for treating Bell's palsy and to evaluate any adverse effects of the drug treatment. SEARCH STRATEGY: Search of the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group register, MEDLINE, EMBASE and LILACS databases for randomised trials. We also contacted authors of identified trials. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised or quasi-randomised trials of aciclovir therapy, alone or in combination with any other drug, in patients with Bell's palsy. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We identified four randomised trials. One author extracted the data and the other checked them. We wrote to all the authors of the trials identified. No additional data were obtained. MAIN RESULTS: Only two studies met our inclusion criteria and provided results from 200 patients. One study evaluated aciclovir with corticosteroid versus steroid alone and the other study evaluated aciclovir alone versus corticosteroid. PRIMARY OUTCOME Proportion of patients with incomplete recovery after one year: These data were not available. However an analysis was performed on data reported at the end of the study period, three (De Diego 1998) or four months (Adour 1996) after the start of treatment. The results from the Adour study significantly favoured the treatment group whilst the De Diego study significantly favoured the control group. Adverse events: This analysis was not performed as the data were not reported. Complete facial paralysis six months after start of treatment: Only one patient had complete paralysis upon entering only one of the studies (De Diego 1998). This patient was assigned to the control group and the level of recovery attained was not reported. Motor synkinesis/Crocodile tears one year after start of treatment: Data were available up to a maximum of four months after onset of paralysis. One study reported a significant difference between the treatment groups in favour of the aciclovir group and the other demonstrated an inconclusive result. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: More data are needed from a large multicentre randomised controlled and blinded study with at least 12 months' follow up before a definitive recommendation can be made regarding the routine use of aciclovir in Bell's palsy.
Ischemic stroke in children--a diagnostic challenge; BACKGROUND, MATERIAL AND METHODS: Ischaemic cerebral infarctions are relatively uncommon in childhood, and the aetiologies seen in this age group are different from those commonly seen in adults. This study presents clinical findings, investigation results and outcome in a five-year material collected between 1994 and 1999 in our department. It includes 22 children with ischaemic strokes aged three months to 13 year at the first or only stroke episode. RESULTS: The symptoms caused by ischaemic strokes in this age group vary and are often combined. Motor symptoms dominate, and we found hemiplegia, facial palsy, visual disturbances and reduced consciousness, listed according to decreasing occurrence. Infections and cardiac diseases or procedures were the most common aetiologies, both occurring with 22%. Other groups were autoimmune diseases (14%), malignancies (5%) and dissection of the a. carotis after trauma (5%). None of the patients in this material died as a result of the ischaemic stroke; 27% recovered completely. 41% had light sequela, 18% moderate sequela, and 14% ended up severely disabled. 18% had recurrent stroke episodes. INTERPRETATION: Appropriate examination after stroke in childhood is of great importance, since some of the aetiologies are associated with recurrence risk. Based on our clinical experiences and literature studies, we suggest a plan for diagnostic evaluation and treatment strategies for children who undergo an acute cerebral vascular disease.
8: Cranial and peripheral neuropathies; An acute polyneuropathy developing over days to several weeks is most likely to be Guillain-Barré syndrome or a toxic neuropathy, although vasculitis can also present acutely. This presentation should be referred immediately for further investigation. A subacute to chronic (ie, developing over months) neuropathy with significant proximal weakness and prominent loss of reflexes is highly suggestive of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy. If there is a clear stepwise onset of symptoms, suggestive of multiple mononeuropathies, or significant asymmetry, vasculitic neuropathy should be considered, even in the absence of systemic vasculitis. Idiopathic chronic axonal neuropathy is an indolent, predominantly sensory neuropathy that typically occurs in older patients. Neuropathies occurring in young or middle age or with more subacute onset always warrant further investigation.
Usefulness of facial nerve monitoring during parotidectomy; OBJECTIVE: To analyse the usefulness of facial nerve monitoring by continuous electromyography during parotidectomy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fifty-two consecutive patients who underwent parotidectomy (27 unmonitored and 25 monitored) between 1987 and 1998. Both groups had a similar distribution of superficial and total parotidectomy. RESULTS: Facial nerve monitoring reduced the incidence and severity of facial nerve paralysis independently of the kind of surgery performed. The incidence of temporary facial paralysis was significantly lower in the monitored group (36%) than in the unmonitored group (70%) (p = 0.013). The rates of permanent deficit were 4% for the monitored group and 30% for the unmonitored group (p = 0.025). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that intraoperative facial nerve monitoring reduces the incidence of postoperative facial deficit. The routine use of facial nerve monitoring is controversial. However, it is considered useful in surgery where there is a higher risk of injury to the facial nerve such as total parotidectomy, re-interventions or chronic inflammatory conditions.
Usefulness of facial nerve monitoring during parotidectomy; Objective: To analyse the usefulness of facial nerve monitoring by continuous electromyography during parotidectomy. Patients and methods: Fifty-two consecutive patients who underwent parotidectomy (27 unmonitored and 25 monitored) between 1987 and 1998. Both groups had a similar distribution of superficial and total parotidectomy. Results: Facial nerve monitoring reduced the incidence and severity of facial nerve paralysis independently of the kind of surgery performed. The incidence of temporary facial paralysis was significantly lower in the monitored group (36%) than in the unmonitored group (70%) (p=0.013). The rates of permanent deficit were 4% for the monitored group and 30% for the unmonitored group (p=0.025). Conclusions: The results suggest that intraoperative facial nerve monitoring reduces the incidence of postoperative facial deficit. The routine use of facial nerve monitoring is controversial. However, it is considered useful in surgery where there is a higher risk of injury to the facial nerve such as total parotidectomy, re-interventions or chronic inflammatory conditions.
Facial palsy in children may be caused by Lyme disease; Three girls, aged 3, 7 and 13 years, developed acute peripheral facial palsy. The first patient was initially diagnosed as having Bell's palsy. The third patient had negative serology at first assessment, on the basis of which the diagnosis of Lyme disease was temporarily rejected. Ultimately, all three appeared to have neuroborreliosis. They were treated with intravenous ceftriaxone and recovered well. Facial palsy in childhood is frequently caused by Lyme borreliosis and infection with Borrelia burgdorferi should therefore be investigated, even if there are no signs of a tick bite or erythema migrans. Diagnosis is made by serology, followed by immunoblotting to confirm a positive result. In case of strong suspicion based on the patient's history or physical examination or a positive serology, lumbar puncture should be carried out. Antibiotic treatment facilitates recovery and prevents complications.
Neurologic complications of herpes zoster. A retrospective study in 100 patients; The neurologic complications associated with herpes zoster are infrequent except for postherpetic neuralgia. The aim of this study was to review the clinical profile and the distribution of these complications in a retrospective series of patients. Patients and method: A retrospective analysis of the last 100 patients admitted with the diagnosis of herpes zoster with neurologic complications to our center from 1992 to 1999 by the Departments of Internal Medicine and Neurology was performed. The characteristics of the complications other than postherpetic neuralgia are reported. Results: Aside from the 88 patients with postherpetic neuralgia, the 12 remaining patients presented other complications: seven different peripheral neuropathies, including three with Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, two meningitis, one encephalitis and one myelitis. In addition, one patient had ophthalmic herpes zoster with cerebral vasculopathy as ipsilateral Wallenberg's syndrome. Nine patients (75%) were males, four (25%) were under the age of 20 years and seven older than 60 years and only three were immunodepressed. The CSF was abnormal in six out of the eight patients in whom it was studied with lymphocytic pleocytosis being shown on analysis without qualitative or quantitative alteration in intrathecal synthesis of IgG. In the immunosuppressed patients the serology in the CSF of the varicela zoster virus was negative. All patients demonstrated regressive evolution following treatment with acyclovir. Conclusions: Neurologic complications other than postherpetic neuralgia occurred in 12% of the patients of this series, there was male predominance and peripheral neuropathies were the most frequent complications. Serology of the varicela zoster virus in immunosuppressed patients may be negative. In this series the prognosis was mainly satisfactory.
Churg-Strauss syndrome with pachymeningitis refractory to steroid therapy atone - A case report; Churg-Strauss syndrome (CSS) is a rare syndrome of unknown cause, which is characterized by bronchial asthma and hypereosinophilia followed by systemic symptoms of angiitis. In 1951, Churg and Strauss first distinguished this disease from periarteritis nodosa. Our patient in particular was also complicated with otorhinological symptoms, which have less frequently been reported in CSS cases. We have detailed her clinical symptoms. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Vertigo; Vertigo is a common symptom among outpatients. There are several causes for vertigo, and each cause requires a specific treatment. Depending on the cause, treatment includes change in drugs, physical therapy, bedside maneuvers, life style, and diet. All forms of treatment can be done by neurologists in an outpatient setting.
Herpes simplex virus type 1 reactivation and antiviral therapy in patients with acute peripheral facial palsy; Objective: Recent studies provide compelling data for the hypothesis that herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) is implicated in the pathogenesis of idiopathic peripheral facial palsy (Bell's palsy). The present study analyzed the severity of facial palsy in patients with HSV-1 reactivation and sought to determine the efficacy of acyclovir-prednisone therapy for these patients. Materials and methods: In total, 176 patients, clinically diagnosed with Bell's palsy, were divided into three groups by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and serological tests - 31 patients with HSV-1 reactivation, 45 patients with VZV reactivation (zoster sine herpete) and 100 patients without HSV-1 or VZV reactivation (Bell's palsy). Results: The difference in the worst grade of facial palsy between patients with zoster sine herpete and Bell's palsy was significant (P=0.01 10, Mann-Whitney U-test). In contrast, no difference in the severity of palsy was observed between patients with HSV-1 reactivation and Bell's palsy. Twelve patients received acyclovir-prednisone treatment within 7 days of onset based on positive PCR results and ten of the 12 (83%) recovered completely. In contrast, 14 patients with HSV-1 reactivation received prednisone treatment because their PCR tests were performed at a later date; ten of these 14 (71%) recovered completely. The difference in the cure rate between the two treatment groups was not significant (P>0.05, Fisher exact test). Conclusions: The results indicate that the severity of palsy in patients with HSV-1 reactivation is similar to that in patients with Bell's palsy and suggest that early diagnosis of HSV-1 reactivation by PCR and subsequent acyclovir-prednisone therapy do not improve recovery from facial palsy. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Clinical profile of patients with complications following otitis media; The paper deals with clinical profile of 56 patients with complications following otitis media. The clinically proved cases with complications were subjected to detailed radiology and bacteriology examination. The course of the disease was corelated with its clinical behaviour, microbial flora and treatment required.
Malignant otitis externa; Malignant Otitis Externa, though a misnomer, definitely alarms the surgeon, the idea that it behaves and spreads like a malignancy, in elderly diabetics, and if not treated deligently, can be fatal. Though the main line of treatment is medical, surgical intervention should not be deferred if indicated. We are presenting one such case where we have not only saved the patient's life but also controlled the pain adequately.
Palsies of the third, fourth, and sixth cranial nerves; Diplopia is one of the most vexing problems to confront a physician. When diplopia is binocular, it commonly results from dysfunction of one or more of the ocular motor nerves. Ocular motor dysfunction may result from injury anywhere along the neuraxis, from the ocular motor nucleus to the myoneural junction. Identifying the location of the lesion is important for determining the etiology and prognosis of third-, fourth-, and sixth-nerve injuries. In this articles, an anatomic approach is presented for the diagnosis and treatment of ocular motor nerve lesions. Emphasis is placed on the identification of associated neurologic and ophthalmologic findings that are critical for management of patients with acquired and congenital ocular motor palsies.
Bellś palsy and corticosteroids; Authors view on Bell's palsy is presented in this paper. Considering to severity of possible denervation consequences they outlined opportunity of casual treatment of this diseases on the department of rehabilitation. They agree with other authors about favourable influence of corticosteroids on treatments time and that is why this question is not analyzed in detail. They are presenting pathophysiological chain of peripheral facial palsy, corticosteriod effect and their own experiences with local application of Kenalog inj. Coming our from their own observation and theoretical knowledges they are tending to use this therapy in out-patient rehabilitation practice.
Multiple cranial nerve palsies; If a patient presents with the paralysis of the facial muscles, the most frequent diagnosis is Bell's palsy, also known as idiopathic paralysis of the VII cranial nerve. Before confirming this diagnosis, though, one must exclude other rarer conditions through a complete neurologic examination and through the execution of some hematochemical tests. Lyme disease, for example, often presents with multiple deficiencies of the cranial nerves and can be successfully treated with antibiotics. On the other hand, if one suspects the presence of a demyelinating, neoplastic or inflammatory condition underlying the facial paralysis, more sophisticated investigation is recommended. In case the diagnosis of Bell's idiopathic palsy is confirmed, the patient often will need no treatment, as the condition resolves on its own. Recovery can be speeded by the administration of corticosteroids.
Osteomyelitis of the temporomandibular joint; Osteomyelitis of the temporomandibular joint is very uncommon, and osteomyelitis as a result of Aspergillus niger infection has not previously been reported. A case report of skull base and condylar osteomyelitis is presented. Previously reported cases of temporomandibular joint osteomyelitis are reviewed, and management is discussed. Because of the significant morbidity possible with infections in this region, otolaryngologists should be familiar with the anatomy, diagnostic modalities, and therapeutic options. Copyright © 2001 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Trismus, pseudobulbar syndrome and cerebral deep venous thrombosis; We report a case of cerebral deep venous thrombosis that manifested clinically by a pseudobulbar syndrome with major trismus, abnormal movements and static cerebellar syndrome. To our knowledge, only three other cases of deep cerebral venous thrombosis associated with cerebellar or pseudobulbar syndrome have been published since 1985. The relatively good prognosis in our patient could be explained by the partially intact internal cerebral veins as well as use of early anticoagulant therapy. There was a spontaneous hyperdensity of the falx cerebri and the tentorium cerebelli on the brain CT scan, an aspect highly contributive to diagnosis. This hyperdensity of the falx cerebri was found in 19 out of 22 cases of deep venous thrombosis detailed in the literature.
Successful reanimation of the paralysed five by indirect hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis without loss of function of the tongue; Objective. To describe the surgical procedure and the results of the indirect hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis using a free nerve graft in patients with facial nerve paralysis. This technique leaves the tongue function intact. Design. Prospective study. Methods. Tongue function was assessed in 39 consecutive patients who underwent this procedure and facial reanimation was assessed in 29 of these patients who had completed at least 24 months follow-up. Facial nerve function was judged using the House-Brackmann (HB) facial nerve grading system. Results. Tongue movements were normal in all operated patients; one patient had mild homolateral atrophy. Initial facial movements occurred on average 7.5 months postoperatively (range 4 to 18 months) in all but one patient. The results were graded HB II in 6 patients (20.9%), HB III in 13 (44.6%), HB IV in 7 (24. 1%), HB V in 2 (6.8%) and HB VI in I patient (3.4%). Hemifacial synkineses were noticeable but no mass movements or gross hypertonia were observed (as are often present in direct hypoglossal-facial anastomosis). The results of facial reanimation were significantly better in young patients and when a short time interval between paralysis and surgery existed. HB grade II was achieved only if the duration of paralysis was less than 12 months. Conclusion. Indirect hypoglossal-facial anastomosis with interposition of a nerve graft allows preservation of tongue function together with good overall facial reanimation, and is therefore to be preferred to the classical direct hypoglossal-facial anastomosis.
Respiratory complications related to bulbar dysfunction in motor neuron disease; Bulbar dysfunction resulting from corticobulbar pathway or brainstem neuron degeneration is one of the most important clinical problems encountered in motor neuron disease (MND) and contributes to various respiratory complications which are major causes of morbidity and mortality. Chronic malnutrition as a consequence of bulbar muscle weakness may have a considerable bearing on respiratory muscle function and survival. Abnormalities of the control and strength of the laryngeal and pharyngeal muscles may cause upper airway obstruction increasing resistance to airflow. Bulbar muscle weakness prevents adequate peak cough flows to clear airway debris. Dysphagia can lead to aspiration of microorganisms, food and liquids and hence pneumonia. MND patients with bulbar involvement commonly display an abnormal respiratory pattern during swallow characterized by inspiration after swallow, prolonged swallow apnoea and multiple swallows per bolus. Volitional respiratory function tests such as forced vital capacity can be inaccurate in patients with bulbofacial weakness and/or impaired volitional respiratory control. Bulbar muscle weakness with abundant secretions may increase the risk of aspiration and make successful non-invasive assisted ventilation more difficult. We conclude that an evaluation of bulbar dysfunction is an essential element in the assessment of respiratory dysfunction in MND.
Facial paralysis in Wegener's granulomatosis of the middle ear; A case of Wegener's granulomatosis, which presented as chronic otitis media with facial nerve palsy, is described. Early diagnosis is vital if unnecessary surgical exploration is to be avoided. A false negative cANCA may delay the diagnosis, especially in cases of locoregional disease, and a policy of repeated titres should be adopted, if clinical suspicion is high.
Use of isobutyl cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive to stabilize external eyelid weights in temporary treatment of facial palsies; Purpose: To describe a technique for stabilizing external eyelid load weights with isobutyl cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive for the temporary treatment of facial palsies. Methods: This was a nonrandomized, prospective study of six consecutive patients with unilateral facial paralysis treated with external eyelid load weights stabilized with isobutyl cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive instead of adhesive tape. Follow-up assessment included corneal exposure, patient comfort, amount of artificial tear usage, and complications associated with the weights. Results: Of the six patients studied, five had decreased corneal exposure, decreased artificial tear usage, and increased patient comfort with use of the weights. One patient had no improvement of symptoms. Weights were retained for a mean of 10.7 days. Two patients had difficulty with the weights; one was secondary to dermatochalasis and blepharoptosis obscuring his vision, and the other patient's weight fell off after 1 day. No weights were lost. Conclusions: The use of isobutyl cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive is a simple, quick, and inexpensive method for placement of external eyelid weights for temporary treatment of ocular exposure associated with facial paralysis and for determining the correct weight for implantation. Furthermore, isobutyl cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive used to stabilize external eyelid weights is better tolerated and lasts longer than the previously described fixation method with adhesive tape.
Bilateral spontaneous dissection of the internal carotid arteries - A case report; A 41-year-old African American man presented with an acute stroke secondary to bilateral spontaneous internal carotid artery dissections following exercise. Spontaneous bilateral carotid artery dissection is an unusual and uncommon occurrence that can be successfully diagnosed by color-flow duplex ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging/magnetic resonance angiography (MRI/MRA) imaging. A review of the literature and the authors' experience supports initial medical management of these patients. Surgery should be considered for those patients who exhibit progressive neurologic symptoms during medical management or when significant carotid artery complications, aneurysms, or flow-limiting stenoses persist.
Lateral recess cysts in two cases of isolated fourth ventricle; We report two cases of isolated fourth ventricle with lateral recess cysts. The background, clinical features, treatment and outcomes are presented and discussed. We speculate on the association of these two conditions and propose possible explanations for the clinical features.
Reparation of facial nerve gaps with cryopreserved allografts in rats immunosuppressed with ciclosporin A; The aim of this study is to assess the feasibility of peripheral nerve allografts pretreated utilizing cold storage and cyclosporin A to improve the facial nerve regeneration in Wistar rat. Three groups were designed: - Normal Wistar rats. - 4 milimeters nerve gaps repaired with cryopreserved nerve allografts. - 4 milimeters nerve gaps repaired with cryopreserved nerve grafts and treated with cyclosporin A. At 16 weeks post-engraftment the animals were evaluated: - Facial palsy grading system. - Electrophysiologic latency. - Axonal counting. - Nervous fiber area inmediately distal to the graft. The facial function of the experimental groups was similar to the control rats while the latency and morphometric parameters was poor than the normal rats. Conclusions: 1.o Cryopreserved nerve allografts in facial nerve repair in rats are useful in the adquisition of a facial functional nerve recovery as much in immunosupressed animal as not. 2.o Cryopreservation of nerve allografts results a good method of storage of nerve grafts. 3.o Ciclosporin A immunosupression improved not much the grading facial palsy in this model but the electrophisiologic and morfhometry is significatingly better.
Otic capsule fracture with preservation of hearing and delayed-onset facial paralysis; The unusual occurrence of an otic capsule fracture with preservation of hearing is presented. In addition, the patient suffered facial paralysis beginning 6 days after the injury that rapidly recovered. Fifteen-month follow-up reveals stable hearing thresholds. The course of a fracture through the inner ear could be an important factor in determining the potential for hearing preservation. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Stereotactic radiosurgery in New Zealand.; AIMS: To explain the use of Stereotactic Radiosurgery for intracranial lesions and report Dunedin Hospital's early experience with this treatment. METHODS: Review of a prospective computer database and departmental clinical files. RESULTS: 74 patients underwent 78 radiosurgical procedures between 30 July 1994 to 18 December 1997. 28 patients with arteriovenous malformations were treated with an obliteration rate of 82% (95% CI: 48% to 98%) at two years. Seventeen vestibular schwannomas (acoustic neuroma's) were treated, with follow-up magnetic resonance imaging available in eleven in whom there was no tumour progression after a mean period of twelve months. There was preservation of some hearing in all patients not already deaf, but one developed a new facial palsy and another had worsening palsy as late side effects. Other tumours, including selected metastases, gliomas and skull base tumours have been treated in smaller numbers. CONCLUSION: Rates of arteriovenous malformation obliteration, vestibular schwannoma control, and side effects of radiosurgery in Dunedin are comparable to those reported in other uncontrolled series. Radiosurgery is quick and has a low procedure-related morbidity but does have important limitations and delayed side effects, which means the decision to treat needs to be based on thorough multidisciplinary review.
Clinical features and prognosis of Miller Fisher syndrome; The authors reviewed the clinical features and outcome of Miller Fisher syndrome (MFS) for 50 consecutive patients with MFS including 28 patients who received no immunotherapy. Besides the characteristic clinical triad (ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, and areflexia), pupillary abnormalities, blepharoptosis, and facial palsy are frequent in MFS, whereas sensory loss is unusual despite the presence of profound ataxia. Patients with MFS usually had good recovery and no residual deficits.
Cross-facial nerve grafting as an adjunct to hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover in reanimation of early facial paralysis: Clinical and electrophysiological evaluation; Reanimation of a spontaneous and synchronous smile, and sufficient depressor mechanism of the lower lip presents a surgical challenge in facial paralysis. Hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover and cross-facial nerve grafting are the best options if the mimetic muscles around the mouth are still viable in patients in whom the facial nerve was sacrificed at the brainstem. Although good muscle tone and facial motion have been obtained by hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover, smile is dependent on conscious tongue movement. Cross-facial nerve grafting provides a voluntary and emotion-driven smile, but requires two coaptation sites, which leads to substantial axonal loss and a long regeneration time. This method was not successful in activating the depressor mechanism. The first stage is the classic "baby-sitting" procedure, in which the bulk of the mimetic muscles was maintained by the rapid reinnervation of the hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover during the regeneration period of the cross-facial nerve graft, and temporalis muscle transfer to the eyelids is performed. During the second stage, the cross-facial nerve graft that used the thickest zygomaticobuccal branch on the healthy side was coapted with the corresponding branches on the paralyzed side. The hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover continued to innervate the depressor muscles. Good spontaneous smile and sufficient depressor mechanism were achieved by cross-facial nerve grafting and hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover respectively, and these techniques are demonstrated by the authors clinically and electrophysiologically.
Automated tracking of facial features in patients with facial neuromuscular dysfunction; Facial neuromuscular dysfunction severely impacts adaptive and expressive behavior and emotional health. Appropriate treatment is aided by quantitative and efficient assessment of facial motion impairment. We validated a newly developed method of quantifying facial motion, automated face analysis (AFA), by comparing it with an established manual marking method, the Maximal Static Response Assay (MSRA). In the AFA, motion of facial features is tracked automatically by computer vision without the need for placement of physical markers or restrictions of rigid head motion. Nine patients (seven women and two men) with a mean age of 39.3 years and various facial nerve disorders (five with Bell's palsy, three with trauma, and one with tumor resection) participated. The patients were videotaped while performing voluntary facial action tasks (brow raise, eye closure, and smile). For comparison with MSRA, physical markers were placed on facial landmarks. Image sequences were digitized into 640 × 480 × 24-bit pixel arrays at 30 frames per second (1 pixel ≅0.3 mm). As defined for the MSRA, the coordinates of the center of each marker were manually recorded in the initial and final digitized frames, which correspond to repose and maximal response. For the AFA, these points were tracked automatically in the image sequence. Pearson correlation coefficients were used to evaluate consistency of measurement between manual (the MSRA) and automated (the AFA) tracking methods, and paired t tests were used to assess the mean difference between methods for feature tracking. Feature measures were highly consistent between methods, Pearson's r = 0.96 or higher, p < 0.001 for each of the action tasks. The mean differences between the methods were small; the mean error between methods was comparable to the error within the manual method (less than 1 pixel). The AFA demonstrated strong concurrent validity with the MSRA for pixel-wise displacement. Tracking was fully automated and provided motion vectors, which may be useful in guiding surgical and rehabilitative approaches to restoring facial function in patients with facial neuromuscular disorders.
Modified radical mastoidectomy: Techniques to prevent failure; The aims of surgical treatment for cholesteatoma include complete removal of disease, the formation of a dry, self-cleaning ear, and hearing reconstruction. This presentation concentrates on the techniques of open mastoid surgery or Modified Radical Mastoidectomy (MRM) required to achieve a successful cavity. This study analyses both primary and revision mastoid surgery referred to the senior author over a short period allowing for adequate follow up. Thirty nine patients were included in the series comprising 21 primary and 18 revision cases. All patients presented with otorrhoea. Two patients presented with facial paralysis, one with labyrinthine fistula, and one with oval window fistula. The group of patients underwent modified radical mastoidectomy because of the presence of a sclerotic mastoid with extensive cholesteatoma. The main method of hearing reconstruction in an open cavity with a mobile stapes was Type III tympanoplasty, leading to an improvement in the average air bone gap following surgery in both the primary and revision groups. The major causes of discharging ears that were found when revising mastoid cavities included incomplete removal of air cell tracts and inadequate mastoid cavity formation without a sufficient meatoplasty. Techniques of open mastoid or modified radical mastoidectomy that are required to avoid failure are discussed and illustrated.
Prostaglandins and NSAIDs: Indications and risks during pregnancy; This article focuses on the risks related to intentional or inadvertent use of prostaglandins analogs (in particular misoprostol) and NSAIDs during pregnancy. The potentially important rote of cyclooxygenase-2 in obstetrics and in foetus development is emphasised. Prescription of combined NSAIDs-misoprostol preparations is strongly contraindicated during pregnancy and selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors should as welt be avoided due to currently available data suggesting a possible perturbation of several obstetrical processes and of foetal kidney development.
Practice parameter: Steroids, acyclovir, and surgery for Bell's palsy (an evidence-based review): Report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology; Objective: To determine the effectiveness of steroids, acyclovir, and surgical facial nerve decompression in Bell's palsy. Methods: The authors identified articles by searching MEDLINE and selected those that prospectively compared outcomes in patients treated with steroids, acyclovir, or surgery with patients not receiving these modalities. The authors graded the quality of each study (class I to IV) using a standard classification-of-evidence scheme. They compared the proportion of patients recovering facial function in the treated group to the proportion of patients recovering facial function in the control group. Results: The authors identified no adequately powered class I studies for any treatment modality. The pooled results of two class I and two class II studies showed significantly better facial outcomes in steroid-treated patients compared with non-steroid-treated patients (relative rate good outcome 1.16, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.29). One class II study demonstrated a significant benefit from acyclovir in combination with prednisone compared with prednisone alone (relative rate good outcome 1.22, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.45). All studies describing outcomes in patients treated with facial nerve decompression were graded as class IV. Conclusion: For patients with Bell's palsy, a benefit from steroids, acyclovir, or facial nerve decompression has not been definitively established. However, available evidence suggests that steroids are probably effective and acyclovir (combined with prednisone) is possibly effective in improving facial functional outcomes. There is insufficient evidence to make recommendations regarding surgical facial nerve decompression for Bell's palsy. Well-designed studies of the effectiveness of treatments for Bell's palsy are still needed.
Transmastoid decompression as a treatment of Bell palsy; OBJECTIVE: We sought to assess the efficacy of transmastoid decompression after steroid treatment. STUDY DESIGN: One hundred one adults with Bell palsy having denervation exceeding 95% after steroid treatment were divided into 2 groups. In 58 patients decompression from the labyrinthine segment to the stylomastoid foramen was performed, and the remaining 43 patients were only followed up. Using the Yanagihara score and House Brackmann grading system, the recovery from the palsy was assessed. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant difference in the final facial score of the 2 groups. Within 60 days after the onset, the chance of better recovery from the palsy was higher in the patients with decompression. CONCLUSION: In the era of steroid treatment, we cannot discard the transmastoid decompression of the facial nerve in the treatment of severe Bell palsy with profound denervation, although further effort is needed to obtain definitive evidence to show the benefit of the operation.
Recurrent salivary gland pleomorphic adenoma: Etiology, management, and results; Recurrence of salivary pleomorphic adenoma is an uncommon event, if the primary surgery has been performed meticulously and the tumor has been completely excised. The parotid gland is the most frequent site for recurrence followed by the minor salivary gland (oral cavity) and then the submandibular gland. Recurrences are classified as uninodular or multinodular. The uninodular recurrences are more easily treated by "completion" surgery and removal of the remaining glandular structure. Multinodular recurrence is more diffuse and hence surgery is likely to be more extensive, with risk of resultant permanent facial nerve paralysis, the possibility of further tumor recurrence, and the long-term risk of malignant degeneration. The use of radiotherapy remains controversial in the management of benign recurrent disease; although its use may minimize the surgical complications, the risk of malignant degeneration persists and complications are associated with radiotherapy. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Multiple sclerosis with caudate lesions on MRI.; A 31-year-old woman displayed sleepiness and impairment of recent memory. T2-weighted MRI revealed high signal intensity lesions in the bilateral basal ganglia, thalamus, and brainstem. Although remission was achieved with corticosteroid therapy, she again displayed memory dysfunction and emotional disturbance one year later, at which time MRI disclosed new lesions in the right caudate nucleus and left frontal white matter. Corticosteroid therapy lead to improvement, and she suffered no recurrence on maintenance steroid therapy. These findings suggest that caudate lesions do occur in multiple sclerosis, the manifestations of which can be abulia and memory dysfunction, as in the present case.
Endoscopic forehead lift for ptosis of the brow caused by facial paralysis; Twelve patients with ptosis of the brow caused by facial nerve paralysis were treated by endoscopic forehead lift. Four had an isolated paralysis of the temporal branch of the facial nerve and in eight the entire facial nerve was affected. In two of these patients the facial paralysis was bilateral, caused by Finnish hereditary amyloidosis. A standard subperiosteal endoforehead approach was used and the forehead was fixed by biodegradable pins (n = 8), anchor screws (n = 3), or a suture to the posterior scalp (n = 1). The procedure was a success in 10 patients, and failed in two after initially good results. The endoscopic brow lift is a good method of treating ptosis of the brow caused by paralysis of the temporal branch of the facial nerve.
Central serous chorioretinopathy and systemic steroid therapy; Background: The manifestations of the ocular toxicity of systemic corticosteroids include posterior subcapsular cataracts and glaucoma. We describe 14 cases of serous detachment of the macula due to central serous chorioretinopathy in patients given long-term steroid therapy, which may be another potential ocular side effect of corticosteroid. Cases report: The 14 (9 men and 5 women) patients were aged from 39 to 55 year old. Their systemic diseases were allergic thrombopenic purpura, optic neuritis, kidney or heart transplant, Churg and Strauss vasculitis, facial palsy, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus and a kidney tumor. None of the patients had hypertension. Results: Serous detachment occurred between 6 days and 10 years after the start of steroid treatment. The higher the doses, the earlier the onset of ocular disease All patients were symptomatic, with rapid onset of blurred vision. Serous detachment was bilateral in two cases. The fluorescein angiographic finding was in most cases a single small focal hyperfluorescent leak from the retinal pigment epithelium which appeared early in the angiogram and increased in size and intensity. No diffuse degradation of the retinal pigment epithelium was seen on the fluorescein angiogram. Five patients underwent laser photocoagulation of the leaking area followed by resorption of subretinal fluid. In other patients, the symptoms disappeared as the doses of steroid were reduced. Conclusion: The pathogenesis of central serous chorioretinopathy remains unclear and is controversial. Corticosteroids are known to worsen the prognosis of idiopathic central serous chorioretinopathy, and serous detachment has been reported after renal transplantation. In most of these cases, chorioretinopathy was combined with diffuse leakage from the choriocapillaris. We discuss the relationship between steroid therapy and focal leakage as seen in idiopathic central serous chorioretinopathy. In conclusion, we describe 14 cases of central serous retinopathy whose clinical and fluorescein angiography were fairly typical, without obvious diffuse degradation of the retinal pigment epithelium. All these patients had been given long-term steroid therapy for various diseases.
Central and extrapontine myelinolysis in a patient in spite of a careful correction of hyponatremia; We report the case of a 54-year-old alcoholic female patient who was hospitalized for neurologic alterations along with a severe hyponatremia (plasma Na+: 97 mEq/l). She suffered from potomania and was given, a few days before admission, a thiazide diuretic for hypertension. A careful correction of plasma Na+ levels was initiated over a 48-hour period (rate of correction < 10 mEq/l/24h) in order to avoid brain demyelination. After a 2-day period of clinical improvement, her neurologic condition started to deteriorate. By the 5th day of admission, she became tetraplegic, presented pseudobulbar palsy, ataxia, strabism, extrapyramidal stiffness and clouding of consciousness. Scintigraphic and MRI investigations demonstrated pontine and extrapontine lesions associated with Gayet-Wernicke encephalopathy. After correction of ionic disorders (hyponatremia, hypokaliemia) and vitamin B (thiamine) deficiency, the patient almost completely recovered without notable disabilities. This case illustrates that profound hyponatremia, in a paradigm of slow onset, can be compatible with life. It also demonstrates that demyelinating lesions, usually considered as a consequence of a too fast correction of hyponatremia, may occur despite the strict observance of recent guidelines. There is increasing evidence to suggest that pontine swelling and dysfunction may sometimes occur in alcoholic patients even in absence of disturbance in plasma Na+ levels. It is therefore of importance, while managing a hyponatremic alcoholic patient, to identify additional risk factors (hypokaliemia, hypophosphoremia, seizure-induced hypoxemia, malnutrition with vitamin B deficiency) for brain demyelination and to correct them appropriately.
Prognostic value of electromyography in acute peripheral facial nerve palsy; Objective: To analyze the value of electromyography in predicting recovery from acute idiopathic facial nerve paralysis. Study Design: Retrospective case-series review. Setting: University-based hospital department of otorhinolaryngology/head neck surgery. Patients: Three hundred fifty-five patients with sudden facial paralysis of unknown cause (Bell's palsy). Intervention: Treatment consisted uniformly of high-dose prednisolone, dextran, and pentoxifylline. Prognostication was based on electromyography performed not earlier than 10 to 14 days after the onset of palsy. The findings were classified according to Seddon into neurapraxia and axonotmesis/neurotmesis. There is an inherent statement on prognosis in this classification because neurapraxia is presumed to recover completely within 8 to 12 weeks, whereas axonotmesis is most likely to be followed by sequelae. Main Outcome Measures: Facial nerve function after 6 months. Results: Complete recovery was predicted correctly in 92.4% of cases. For the relatively rare and therefore principally more difficult predictable event defective recovery prognosis was still accurate in 80.8%. Conclusion: The detection of spontaneous fibrillation in needle electromyography is a reliable sign predicting unfavorable outcome. An accuracy of 80.8% for predicting unfavorable outcome may be sufficient to advise patients what to expect in the course of their facial nerve disorder. However, it seems dubious to build a decision about surgical intervention on such a test, because in the process, unnecessary surgery would be accepted for as much as one fifth of the patient population.
Results and complications of facial reanimation following cerebellopontine angle surgery; The present study was undertaken to evaluate the results of a group of patients following treatment for cerebellopontine angle lesions who developed postoperative facial palsy and underwent facial nerve repair in order to reanimate the muscles of facial expression. A retrospective study was performed on 23 patients treated between 1988 and 1997 at the 2nd and 4th ENT chairs of University "La Sapienza" of Rome for facial palsy following cerebellopontine angle surgery. Tumors included acoustic neuromas (n = 3). Seventeen patients underwent hypoglossal-facial anastomoses [10 with end-to-end anastomoses, 4 with May's interposition "jump-nerve" grafts and 3 with partial (30%) use of the hypoglossal nerve plus a facial cross-over]. The remaining patients were operated on using a cable graft with the sural nerve (n = 2) and the great auricular nerve (n = 4). Postoperative facial function was determined by the House-Brackmann 6-scale classification. The hypoglossal-facial anastomoses resulted in long-term grade III or IV findings. Cable grafts improved facial function from grade VI to grade III. None of the patients operated on with the modfied VII-XII anastomosis developed swallowing disturbances. The ten patients having traditional hypoglossal-facial anastomoses showed different degrees of tongue disability and retention of residue in the oral cavity. Surgical recovery of postoperative facial palsy can be obtained with various techniques according to the availability of the proximal facial nerve stump at the brain stem. Since a traditional hypoglossal-facial anastomosis procedure can be a source of a separate disability for the patient, techniques are preferred that leave the hypoglossal nerve mostly intact and uncompromised.
Prospective evaluation of eyelid function with gold weight implant and lower eyelid shortening for facial paralysis; Objectives: To assess which signs and symptoms were relieved by gold weight implantation and which signs and symptoms persisted. Design: Prospective observational cohort. Setting: Tertiary care neurotology and oncology center. Patients: Sixteen (4 males and 12 females) consecutive patients whose average age was 56 years (age range, 31-76 years). Inclusion criteria were gold weight implant, lagophthalmos of 2 mm or more, and a House-Brackmann score of 3 or less at the completion of follow-up. Mean follow-up was 13 months. Interventions: Each patient received a gold weight implant. Six of these patients underwent a lower eyelid procedure. Main Outcome Measures: Surgical complications, static and dynamic lagophthalmos, static and dynamic corneal coverage, visual acuity, keratitis, topical treatment, and patient satisfaction. Results: There were no extrusions. The preoperative mean lagophthalmos was 7.5 mm and the postoperative mean was 0.5 mm, (P<.001). Corneal coverage with eye closure before implantation was 73% and after implantation was 100%, (P<.001). Corneal coverage with normal (reflex) blink was less than 50% in 9 of 14 patients. When wearing correction, no patients had 20/20 visual acuity. The mean patient satisfaction score before the procedure was 3.5 and after was 7.1, (P<.001). Patient satisfaction was most closely related to visual acuity. The relationship was linear and statistically significant (P<.04). Conclusions: Gold weight implantation provides significant reduction in lagophthalmos and significant improvement in corneal coverage. But owing to delayed closure time and disrupted tear film, irritation may persist. As a result, some patients require ongoing topical treatment of the eye, which can compromise visual acuity.
A variant case of congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome with asymmetric findings on neuroimaging and septum pellucidum defect; We report a 17-year-old female patient with a variant form of congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome (CBPS). She had pseudobulbar palsy, partial epilepsy and mild pyramidal symptoms predominantly in the left hand. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed asymmetric perisylvian and perirolandic polymicrogyric cortical dysplasia and septum pellucidum defect. The clinicoradiological findings for this patient met the criteria for CBPS. Moreover, they appeared to overlap those of congenital unilateral perisylvian syndrome. The findings in this case support the hypothesis that these two syndromes are parts of a continuous spectrum of one clinico-radiological syndrome. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
Primary and adjunctive use of botulinum toxin type a (Botox) in facial aesthetic surgery: Beyond the glabella; The use of Botox for the treatment of hyperkinetic facial lines and furrows is another effective primary, adjunctive, or prophylactic therapy to offer cosmetic patients in the spectrum of treatment options for full facial rejuvenation. Unwanted side effects can be minimized, and beneficial effects can be maximized with a thorough understanding of the facial soft-tissue anatomy, proper patient selection, and administration of the lowest effective doses with minimal volume of delivery. Most often, Botox injection does not replace surgery, skin resurfacing, soft-tissue augmentation, or skin care; however, it is useful when used alone or with the various treatment options to give selected patients the most effective and comprehensive solutions for a more youthful appearance.
Differential diagnosis of myasthenic syndromes; Myasthenia-like symptoms and Eaton-Lambert myasthenic syndrome have been reported in patients with polymyositis. On the other hand, the muscular involvement in myasthenic patients is well established. Thus difficulties in the differentiation of patients with polymyositis and myasthenic syndrome and myasthenia with myopathy may arise. The aim of this investigation was to re-establish the clues for distinguishing between different types of myasthenic syndromes. One hundred and twenty five patients took part in this investigation. According to the electromyography, biopsy and serum levels of creatine kinase data, the patients were subdivided into three groups. The first group consisted of 35 patients with data for chronic polymyositis. The second group consisted of 46 patients with myasthenia. The third group consisted of 44 patients with myasthenia and myopathy. Our data confirm the more often onset of myasthenia with ptosis and of myasthenic syndromes in polymyositis-from lower limbs. The bulbar involvement is more rare, while the autonomic nervous system involvement and decreased tendon reflexes are more common in patients with Eaton-Lambert myasthenic syndrome as compared to patients with myasthenia. Bulbar involvement is more typical for myasthenia, while four limbs involvement is more common in patients with myasthenia and myopathic changes. There are no differences in the typical decrementing response between patients with polymyositis, myasthenia or myasthenia with myopathic involvement. The Eaton-Lambert myasthenic syndrome is quite different and is found only in a small part of polymyositis patients. In conclusion the differential diagnosis between myasthenic syndromes in polymyositis and myasthenia with muscular involvement is not possible only by electromyography.
Congenital facial nerve agenesis; We present a case of a seven-year-old child with a congenital facial palsy, diagnosed at birth, who subsequently developed a non-tuberculous mycobacterial (NTM) infection of the ipsilateral parotid gland, This required parotid exploration to treat the NTM disease with the intention of identifying and protecting the facial nerve to preserve any residual facial nerve function. At operation, thorough exploration revealed the complete absence of the nerve both at the stylomastoid foramen and more peripherally within the substance of the parotid gland. Exploration of the facial nerve for congenital facial paralysis is not normally indicated. Surgical treatment, if required, tends to involve the use of techniques such as cross facial nerve and free vascularized muscle grafting. To our knowledge this is the first reported case of complete congenital facial nerve agenesis, diagnosed incidentally during a surgical procedure for an unrelated condition.
Varicella zoster virus infection associated with erythema multiforme in children; Background: Erythema multiforme (EM) is a vesiculobullous disorder with variable manifestations which predominantly affects the skin. It is regarded as a hypersensitivity disorder which is triggered by multiple factors such as infection, drugs and food. Varicella zoster virus (VZV) has rarely been reported as an etiological agent, despite its high incidence as a pathogen in childhood. Patients: We describe two children in whom EM preceded VZV infection. In the first, a 5-year-old boy, EM was followed 3 days later by a classical disseminated varicella eruption. The diagnosis was reached by clinical, epidemiological and serological means. The second patient was a 13-year-old boy with EM which was followed 2 weeks later by Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. The diagnosis was confirmed by skin biopsy, positive serology and viral culture. Conclusion: The association of EM and VZV infection is probably more common than reported. In clinical cases of EM, VZV should be included in the list of possible causative agents.
Change in gene expression in facial nerve nuclei and the effect of superoxide dismutase in a rat model of ischemic facial paralysis; Peripheral nerve injury induces changes in gene expressions of a variety of neuroactive substances in cell somata, which may have roles in the adaptive response to the injury, neuronal survival, growth and regeneration. In this study, we designed a rat model of ischemic peripheral facial paralysis with a selective embolization technique, and observed mRNA expression of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), c-jun, and growth associated protein (GAP)-43 in facial nerve nuclei using in situ hybridization histochemistry. The rats were demonstrated to have a transient facial paralysis consistently, and thus this method was regarded as a model of minor peripheral nerve injury. The mRNA of CGRP, c-jun and GAP-43 showed a distinct pattern of induction and time course of increase after the ischemic nerve injury. The results suggest that the small injury to the peripheral nerve was able to induce changes in mRNA expression in the cell body of motoneurons. We also investigated the protective effect of superoxide dismutase (SOD), which is a free radical-scavenging enzyme involved in cellular antioxidant defenses. The SOD treatment clearly alleviated the behavioral impairment and decreased the CGRP mRNA expression at 3rd day after injury. These data suggest that a free radical generated by the ischemia may be partially responsible for ischemic nerve damage and the change in gene expression in motoneurons. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
Spirochetes--the possible etiological factor of the cheilitis granulomatosa.; OBJECTIVE: To detect spirochetes in sections and to study the therapeutic effect of penicillin in cheilitis granulomatosa (CG) and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) and the relationship between the spirochetes infection and CG and MRS. METHODS: Routine HE sections and Warthin-Starry special staining were carried out in 20 cases of CG and 6 cases of MRS. Meanwhile there were 9 cases of CG and 2 caes of MRS were treated by penicillin (12 000 000u, i.v., per day) for two courses (14 days). RESULTS: A kind of spirochete was discovered in the sections of all cases of the CG and MRS. The CG and MRS could be divided into two types histopathologically, that is granuloma type and interstitial inflammatory type (non-granuloma type), those morphological changes tallied with spirochetosis. After treatment by penicillin, the facial and labial swelling of the 11 cases of CG and MRS were abated. CONCLUSION: CG and MRS probably are infectious diseases caused by spirochetes.
Psychic and behavioral troubles with good outcome during neurosarcoidosis; Introduction. - Neurological involvement is observed in 5% of cases of sarcoidosis and includes impairment of the central nervous system, the meninges, and the cranial and peripheral nerves. Besides neurological defects, cognitive impairment may be encountered ranging from isolated memory defect to dementia. Exegesis. - We report a case of neurosarcoidosis occurring in a 40-year-old woman, a native of Reunion Island, with initial meningeal and hypophyseal involvement. Three years later, while treated with low dose prednisolone, and methotrexate, she presented a paranoid state associated with cognitive impairment of frontal type and severe behavioral disturbances. After 2 years of high dose steroid treatment associated with hydroxychloroquine, her behavioral status improved, allowing social and familial reinsertion. Conclusion. - In our observation, sarcoidosis was revealed through a central neurological impairment, with chronic meningitis, facial nerve palsy, and, finally, through psychiatric symptoms and severe behavioral disturbances. A slow favorable outcome was obtained using high dose methylprednisolone and hydroxychloroquine with total regression of behavioral disturbances but with persisting cognitive alteration. © 2001 Editions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS.
Acute mastoiditis - The antibiotic era: A multicenter study; Objectives: To evaluate the clinical course and identify the causative organisms of acute mastoiditis in a community where most of the patients who develop acute otitis media are treated with antibiotics. Methods: A multicenter retrospective review of a series of 223 consecutive cases of acute mastoiditis. Setting: Nine secondary or tertiary academic or non-academic referral centers. Results: Prior to the diagnosis of acute mastoiditis, 121 of the patients (54.3%) had been receiving oral antibiotic treatment for acute otitis media for periods ranging from 1 to 21 days (mean 5.3 days). Samples for bacterial culture were obtained from 152 patients. Cultures were negative in 60 patients. The organisms isolated in the 92 positive cultures were: Streptococcus pneumoniae (15 patients), Streptococcus pyogenes (14 patients), Staphylococcus aureus (13 patients), Staphylococcus coagulase negative (three patients), Pseudomonas aeruginosa (eight patients), Haemophilus influenzae (four patients), Proteus mirabilis (two patients), Escherichia coli (two patients), Klebsiella pneumoniae (one patient), Enterobacter (one patient), Acinetobacter (one patient), anaerobic gram-negative bacilli (one patient), and fungi (two patients). Ten patients had mixed flora. Sixteen patients presented with complications (cerebellar abscess, perisinus empyema, subdural abscess or empyema, extradural abscess, cavernous sinus thrombosis, lateral sinus thrombosis, bacterial meningitis, labyrinthitis, petrositis, or facial nerve palsy). Conclusions: Antibiotic treatment cannot be considered an absolute safeguard against the development of acute mastoiditis. Early myringotomy for acute otitis media seems to decrease the incidence of complications. The distribution of causative organisms in acute mastoiditis differs from that in acute otitis media. Intracranial complications in acute mastoiditis are not rare. Because of the diversity of causative organisms in acute mastoiditis and the growing resistance of bacteria to the various antibiotics, all means to obtain a sample for culture prior to antibiotic treatment, including general anesthesia. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Guillain-Barré syndrome with IgM antibody to the ganglioside GalNAc-GD1a; We analyzed the characteristics of 29 Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) patients with IgM anti-GalNAc-GD1a antibodies. Fourteen of them had had an antecedent cytomegalovirus infection (CMV group) and 12 gastrointestinal infection (G-I group). Most of the G-I group patients (nine of 12) were subsequent to Campylobacter jejuni infection. Electrophysiological results in both groups patients predominantly indicated demyelinating neuropathy. The CMV group patients were characterized by slow progression and frequent facial and sensory deficits. IgM antibodies in their sera recognized an epitope shared by GalNAc-GD1a and GM2. The G-I group patients frequently showed motor type of GBS with cranial nerves spared. IgM antibodies specific to GalNAc-GD1a were present in their sera. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
The acute effects of stellate ganglion block on circulation in human ocular fundus; Purpose: To study the acute effects of local-anesthetic stellate ganglion block (SGB) on tissue circulation in the human fundus. Methods: Eleven patients with Bell's palsy (age 56±6 y, mean±SD) who underwent SGB for its treatment participated in the study. Using the laser speckle method, normalized blur (NB) value, a quantitative index of tissue blood velocity, was measured every 0.125 s over an area located halfway between the macula and the optic nerve head (ONH) with no discrete visible vessels and averaged over 3 pulses when fixation was satisfactory (NBch-ret). NBch-ret and intraocular pressure (IOP) in both eyes, blood pressure (BP), and pulse rate (PR) were measured before, and 10, 20, 30, and 60 min after SGB. SGB was induced by injecting 1% mepivacaine hydrochloride (5 ml) into the vicinity of the seventh cervical vertebra on the paralyzed side. Results: The IOP in the blocked side significantly decreased between 20 and 60 min following SGB, compared to the baseline, while IOP in the unblocked side remained unchanged. The NBch-ret was significantly increased after 10 min by about 8% in the blocked side, but its effect almost disappeared at 60 min. There was no significant change in NBch-ret in the unblocked side, BP or PR throughout the experimental period. Conclusion: SGB increased tissue circulation in the fundus in the blocked side, but its effect was thought to be small and transient.
Results of a neurosurgical two-wall orbital decompression in the treatment of severe thyroid associated ophthalmopathy; Purpose: Follow-up of patients with severe thyroid associated ophthalmopathy treated with a transcranial two-wall orbital decompression and reconstruction. Methods: A two-wall transcranial orbital decompression was performed in 30 such patients (50 eyes). The patients were evaluated one month postoperatively, and long-term evaluation (median 14 months, range 2-54 months) was carried out. The main outcome measures were visual acuity, proptosis measured by Hertel ophthalmometry, soft tissue involvement, and restriction of eye motility. Result: Visual acuity improved rapidly in 28 of 32 affected eyes with normalization in 19 eyes (p<0.001). Worsening was not seen. Median proptosis was reduced by 4.0 mm, range 0-10.0 (p<0.001). Double vision was present in 24 patients before operation 14 of whom achieved binocular vision (p<0.001). Three patients had unchanged complaints and the double vision worsened in one patient. Seventeen of 20 patients on preoperative corticosteroid treatment discontinued this medication in relation to surgery. Complications included one case of perioperative minor stroke and two cases of facial nerve frontal branch palsy. Conclusion: The transcranial two-wall decompression is a simple, an efficient and a low-risk procedure for treatment of patients with severe thyroid associated ophthalmopathy.
Facial paralysis in temporal bone trauma; OBJECTIVE: To study the cause and treatment of facial paralysis in temporal bone trauma. METHODS: A retrospective review of 28 patients with facial paralysis resulting from temporal bone trauma was conducted, House-Brackmann(H-B) system was used to evaluate the recovery of facial nerve function, U test was employed for statistic analysis. RESULTS: Twenty-six cases underwent following up facial nerve function of all patients was recovery partly after surgery, 46% cases reached H-B II, 84% cases reached H-B III, comparing facial nerve decompression within 4 months of injury to beyond 4 months of injury, recovery to H-B II or more of facial nerve function was 60% and 0%, respectively. The difference was significant(P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Surgery decompression is effective on facial nerve palsy caused by temporal bone trauma. It is recommended that surgery decompression be carried out as soon as possible since a better prognosis is obtained if it is performed within four months after injury.
Bell's palsy, childbirth and epidural analgesia; We report a case of Bell's palsy following delivery in a parturient who had successful epidural analgesia. Most reported cases have occurred after spinal anaesthesia or inadvertent dural puncture complicating epidural analgesia. Review of the literature revealed few cases of Bell's palsy associated with uncomplicated epidural analgesia. In this report we discuss the controversy surrounding the aetiology and possible mechanism of onset of this unpleasant complication. © 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Evaluation of study patients with Lyme disease, 10-20-year follow-up; To determine the long-term impact of Lyme disease, we evaluated 84 randomly selected, original study patients from the Lyme, Connecticut, region who had erythema migrans, facial palsy, or Lyme arthritis 10-20 years ago and 30 uninfected control subjects. The patients in the 3 study groups and the control group did not differ significantly in current symptoms or neuropsychological test results. However, patients with facial palsy, who frequently had more widespread nervous system involvement, more often had residual facial or peripheral nerve deficits. Moreover, patients with facial palsy who did not receive antibiotics for acute neuroborreliosis more often now had joint pain and sleep difficulty and lower scores on the body pain index and standardized physical component sections of the Short-Form 36 Health Assessment Questionnaire than did antibiotic-treated patients with facial palsy. Thus, the overall current health status of each patient group was good, but sequelae were apparent primarily among patients with facial palsy who did not receive antibiotics for acute neuroborreliosis.
Lyme disease and facial paralysis in children; Lyme disease is one of the most common cause of acute peripheral facial palsy in children. Overall nervous system involvement is also the predominant manifestation of Lyme disease in children, chiefly as facial palsy and/or aseptic meningitis. The medical records of ten patients with discharge diagnosis of facial palsy associated to borreliosis were retrospectively reviewed. The diagnostic criteria for borreliosis included acute peripheral facial palsy associated with erythema migrans (1/10) and/or positive Lyme serology in serum (10/10) or CSF (6/10). Facial palsy was associated with a high rate (9/10) of occult meningitis. Cerebrospinal fluid findings showed lymphocytic pleocytosis associated to moderate increased protein level. PCR assays displayed a very low sensitivity. All patients with meningitis were treated with intravenous ceftriaxone for 3 weeks and received their treatment as outpatients with an heparinised venous catheter. Our study confirm that borreliosis should be considered in every case of peripheral facial palsy and based on the high rate of occult meningitis, we also advocate to perform a lumbar puncture. Although long term prognosis of facial palsy associated with Lyme disease in children appears excellent, current treatment recommendations advocate prolonged antibiotic therapy.
Peripheral facial paralysis caused by an orthognathically-designed osteotomy in a Class III malocclusion; Sagittal split ramus osteotomy creates an internal and an external valves. In an 18-year-old girl with class III dysmorphism, a bone spur on the internal valve compressed the facial nerve during the mandibular setback, leading to facial palsy after three days. We propose a surgical procedure and discuss short-term and long-term outcomes.
Imaging the trigeminal nerve and pons before and after surgical intervention for trigeminal neuralgia; OBJECTIVE: To study the various imaging changes occurring in the trigeminal nerve and brainstem in patients before or after trigeminal neuralgia surgery. METHODS: During a 7-year period, 275 patients with trigeminal neuralgia underwent high-resolution, contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the pans during gamma knife radiosurgery. Ninety-seven patients had no previous surgical intervention for trigeminal neuralgia, and 178 patients had undergone one or more previous procedures. Two independent observers, one of whom was blinded to patients' clinical details, reviewed MRI scans retrospectively. The analysis of the independent observers was then correlated with all previous therapeutic interventions. RESULTS: One hundred one MRI scans demonstrated no radiological changes related to trigeminal neuralgia, and 174 MRI scans exhibited some radiological abnormality. The average axial plane diameter of the nerve for all patients was 4 mm (range, 2-6 ram). In the group that had not undergone previous surgery, 65 patients (67%) exhibited vascular compression. In the 88 patients who had undergone previous microvascular decompression, 21 (24%) had evidence of a pontine infarction. Twenty-six patients experienced facial sensory loss, 22 (88%) of whom had undergone previous surgery with evidence of a pontine infarction (n = 11) or perineural scarring (n = 6). CONCLUSION: The majority of patients who had undergone previous trigeminal neuralgia surgery demonstrated readily identifiable abnormalities of the trigeminal nerve or brainstem. The frequency of such changes correlated with the type and number of procedures. Evidence of vascular compression was detected in the majority of patients. Most patients with postoperative facial sensory loss demonstrate changes in the nerve or pons on MR images.
Congenital reactive myofibroblastic tumor of the petrous bone: Case report; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: Myofibroblastic tumors are members of a diverse spectrum of neoplastic and quasineoplastic lesions that occur most commonly during childhood and typically involve soft tissues. We present a case of a congenital reactive myofibroblastic tumor of the petrous bone (i.e., cranial fasciitis) that was successfully treated with surgical excision. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A newborn girl with congenital right facial palsy and deafness was noted during imaging evaluation to have a large enhancing mass that was destroying the right petrous bone and extending into the posterior and middle cranial fossae. INTERVENTION: After embolization, an open biopsy was performed, which revealed a moderately cellular, spindle cell neoplasm without mitosis or necrosis, with scattered lymphocytes, eosinophils, and multinucleated giant cells. The spindle cells demonstrated strong immunoreactivity for vimentin, muscle-specific actin, and α-smooth muscle actin, with prominent reticulin staining between individual cells. Staining for CD68, a histiocyte marker, was positive within the multinucleated giant cells and many of the spindle cells; CD34, S-100, and desmin staining was absent. On the basis of these findings, the lesion was classified as a reactive myofibroblastic tumor, consistent with a cranial variant of nodular fasciitis. Because of the large size and significant mass effect of the tumor, a resection was performed several days later, using a combined supra- and infratentorial approach. Dense adherence of the mass to the walls of the sigmoid sinus and the carotid artery precluded complete resection without sacrifice of these vessels, which was not performed because of the known potential of these tumors to remain stable or regress after extensive subtotal resection. The presumed residual tumor subsequently regressed, and the patient has exhibited no detectable residual disease in 2 years of follow-up monitoring. CONCLUSION: Reactive myofibroblastic tumors of the calvarium are uncommon lesions that superficially resemble sarcomas. Recognition of this diagnostic entity is important, to avoid unnecessary treatment with intensive adjuvant therapy. Although the management of these tumors relies predominantly on surgical resection, surgical decision-making should take into account the fact that small areas of residual disease can regress spontaneously.
Facial nerve paralysis and paraplegia as presenting symptoms of acute myeloid leukemia; Granulocytic sarcoma is an extramedullary tumor associated with acute or chronic leukemias or myeloproliferative disorders. Rarely, the tumor may be seen before the diagnosis of leukemia. Symptomatic facial nerve paralysis and spinal cord invasion by granulocytic sarcomas are also relatively uncommon. We present here a 17-year-old-female patient who had facial nerve paralysis and paraplegia due to granulocytic sarcoma as the presenting symptoms of acute myeloid leukemia.
Neurinoma of the greater superficial petrosal nerve developed acute facial palsy: Case report and review of the literature; The authors report on a patient with a greater superficial petrosal nerve neurinoma. The patient developed severe acute facial palsy and the palsy improved soon after removal of the tumor. We review of the literature and describe its rarity and surgical treatment with regard to other facial nerve neurinomas originating from the main trunk of the facial nerve.
Hyperacusis: Review and clinical guidelines; Objective: To review the current known causes of hyperacusis and the different hypotheses concerning its etiology, and to suggest clinical guidelines. Data Source: A review of the literature with the aid of the MEDLINE database, using the following key words: hyperacusis, intolerance to sound, loudness discomfort level, and phonophobia. Data Extraction: The data collected included clinical studies, case reports and laboratory studies. Conclusion: Hyperacusis was shown to be caused by pathologic conditions of the peripheral auditory system, diseases of the central nervous system diseases, and hormonal and infectious diseases. In some cases there was no known cause. The pathophysiology of hyperacusis probably involves a central mechanism rather than a peripheral one. Suggested clinical guidelines and treatment are discussed.
Monostotic fibrous dysplasia of the temporal bone: A case report; Fibrous dysplasia is a congenital, nonfamilial, metabolic disturbance that produces 2.5% of all osseous tumors, and more than 7% of all nonmalignant tumors in bone. Involvement of the temporal bone, however, is relatively rare. An 8-year-old girl presented with progressive hearing loss. She had a mass in the left external acoustic meatus and hearing loss in her left ear. Radiological studies revealed a temporal mass. The patient underwent two surgeries in 2 months, and the mass was totally excised. A postoperative neurologic examination revealed left facial paralysis. Histological study identified the mass as fibrous dysplasia of bone. After 5 years of follow-up, there were no signs of residual rumor or recurrence of the disease. When indicated, total excision with extensive reconstruction is the treatment of choice for this type of bone neoplasm.
Optic nerve lesion following neuroborreliosis: A case report; Purpose. Neuroborreliosis may cause various neuro-ophthalmological complications. We describe a case with a bilateral optic neuropathy. CASE REPORT. A 58-year-old female developed facial paresis six weeks after an insect bite. One week later she developed bilateral optic disc swelling with haemorrhages and nerve fibre bundle defects in the lower visual field of the left eye. In CSF and serum, raised IgM and IgG titres to Borrelia burgdorferi were found. Systemic antibiotic treatment led to improvement of the vision and facial paresis, but not all visual field defects resolved, probably due to ischemic lesions of the optic disc. Discussion/Conclusions. In optic nerve lesions due to neuroborreliosis it is difficult to distinguish between inflammatory and ischemic lesions. This patient demonstrated features of an ischemic optic nerve lesion.
Propulsive function during gait in diplegic children: Evaluation after surgery for gait improvement; Seventeen patients with diplegic cerebral palsy were assessed by clinical examination and three-dimensional gait analysis before and after surgery to improve gait. Selection of surgical procedures was according to a fixed set of selection criteria. The average postoperative follow-up was 3.8 years (range, 2.6-5.7 years). Clinical examination revealed an improved range of motion for the ankle and no reduction in the power grade at the hip, knee and ankle after surgery. Kinematic parameters showed improved knee extension in stance and significant changes towards a normal ankle motion pattern postoperatively. Kinetic evaluation demonstrated that most of the total power during walking was generated at the hip, with the ankle contributing a small part. After surgery, patients walked faster with an increased power generation at the hip during first double support and at the ankle during push off. Power generation at the hip in stance is pointed out to be an important mechanism for propulsion during walking.
A neurilemmoma of the parotid gland: Report of a case; Benign primary tumors of the facial nerve are frequently misdiagnosed because of the variety of their clinical manifestations. Much attention has been paid to neurilemmomas in the recent otolaryngologic literature, but far less has been focused on intraparotid facial nerve neurilemmomas. In this article, we describe a new case of this truly rare tumor, and we review its diagnosis, pathology, and treatment.
Facial nerve paralysis in temporal bone fractures: Outcomes after late decompression surgery; The aim of this paper was to address some of the unanswered questions regarding management of facial nerve paralysis in temporal bone fractures (TBF), such as the outcomes after late facial nerve decompression surgery. The study design was a retrospective review of a consecutive clinical series. Thirteen patients who underwent late decompression surgery for facial nerve paralysis due to TBF involving the perigeniculate ganglion region were analyzed. Patients were operated on 27-90 days after trauma. A transmastoid extralabyrinthine approach was used in all cases. Facial nerve-sheath slitting was performed routinely. Normal or subnormal facial nerve function (HB 1 or HB 2) was achieved in 7/9 cases (78%) evaluated at ≥ 1 year after surgery. Good functional results were also obtained in two patients operated on 3 months after trauma. Bases on the outcomes observed in the present series, in patients unable to be operated on early, presenting 1 to 3 months with > 95% denervation on EnoG, facial nerve decompression may have a beneficial effect.
The course of corticofacial projections in the human brainstem; Transcranial magnetic stimulation was used to investigate the corticofacial projections in 53 patients with (n = 28) and without (n = 25) central facial paresis due to unifocal ischaemic lesions at different brainstem levels. Lesion topography documented by MRI studies was correlated with the electrophysiological findings. In the majority of patients the corticofacial fibres travel within the ventromedial base of the pons and cross the midline at the level of the facial nucleus. In some individuals, however, we found evidence that corticolingual fibres form an 'aberrant bundle' in a paralemniscal position at the dorsal edge of the pontine base. In other patients the corticofacial fibres loop down into the ventral part of the upper medulla, cross the midline and ascend in the dorsolateral medullary region ipsilaterally to the facial nucleus. The findings suggest that facial paresis due to a brainstem lesion may present as contralateral supranuclear facial paresis by a lesion of the cerebral peduncle, pontine base, the aberrant bundle and the ventral medulla. Supranuclear facial paresis ipsilateral to the lesion side may result from a lesion in the lateral medulla, and facial paresis of the supranuclear type may be imitated by a lesion of the peripheral facial nerve in the dorsolateral medulla with involvement of the lower pons.
Nasopharyngeal abscess and facial paralysis as complications of petrous apicitis: A case report; An 83-year-old man with a lifelong history of intermittent otorrhea and hearing loss was referred for management of a facial paralysis of 3 weeks' duration. Computed tomography (CT) of the head detected a neoplasm of the nasopharynx along with chronic otomastoiditis. A followup CT suggested the development of a nasopharyngeal abscess, which was confirmed by needle aspiration. A later coronal-projection CT showed definite bone destruction in the anterior petrous apex, confirming suspicions that a petrous apicitis was responsible for the facial paralysis and abscess. This article describes the management of this patient and reviews the historical, medical, and surgical aspects of petrous apicitis.
Otomandibular dysplasia and facial palsy. Clinical study and treatment planning; The percentage of facial palsy in the otomandibular dysostosis is great. It varies from 12 to 50% in the literature. The OMENS classification embodies the muscular and facial nerve defects, and appears to represent the most inclusive classification. Few literature reviews have proposed a treatment of the facial palsy in the otomandibularis dysostosis. The authors proposed a treatment protocol depending on the patient's age. The patients before one year of age are treated with the lñigo's technique, wich provide reinnervation to the affected muscles through a crossed facial nerve graft. After one-year old, the surgical approach is realised at five to seven years old to permit a physical therapy. The upper lip is reanimated by the lengthening temporalis myoplasty or by free muscle transplantation with nerve graft. The orbital area treatment of the paralysed side can included a lengthening of the upper eyelid levator muscle, an asymetric lateral tarsorraphy and a chondromucous graft. © 2001 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS.
Pleomorphic adenoma.; Pleomorphic adenoma is the most common neoplasm of the salivary glands. Though a benign lesion, proper recognition and management of this process is needed to avoid increasing enlargement of the mass, facial nerve impairment, risk of malignant degeneration, and recurrence after surgical resection. The epidemiology, diagnosis, and treatment options for this neoplasm are discussed.
Pseudotumor cerebri: Analysis of our cases and review of the literature; Introduction. Pseudotumor cerebri (PC) is a complex syndrome characterized by increased intracranial pressure in the absence of any space occupying lesion, usually self-limiting, but often relapsing. Diagnosis is based on a record of intracranial pressure of over a limit of 250 mmH2O. Morbidity is basically due to possible loss of vision associated with atrophy of the optic nerve. When the aetiology is unknown this clinical condition is known as idiopathic intracranial hypertension. Patients and methods. We describe the principal characteristics of a series of patients who were admitted to our department with the diagnosis of PC and review the relevant literature. Results. Altogether 14 patients (12 women and 2 men) were admitted with the diagnosis of PC. In 12 patients the disorder presented with headache, with or without associated symptoms of disorders of vision. The main visual symptoms were transient darkening of vision, scotomas, photopsias and reduction in visual acuity. The headache was holocranial, continuous and well-tolerated or alternatively uni- or bilateral, pulsatile, moderate, with or without photophobia, and with or without nausea and vomiting. Bilateral papilloedema was seen in all patients. In one case there was also bilateral facial palsy and neck rigidity. In four cases visual field measurement were abnormal (inferoneasal scotoma, bilateral concentric reduction). Progress was poor in only one case. Conclusion. In spite of being theoretically benign, and there being many forms of treatment, PC may cause considerable morbidity of vision. Therefore, early diagnosis and close follow-up attention is essential.
Review of the functional surgical treatment of dystonia; A review of functional surgery for dystonia is presented. Recently renewed interest in stereotaxy for dystonia has followed the resurgence of pallidotomy and the introduction of deep brain stimulation (DBS) in Parkinson's disease (PD) in the early 1990s. However, even since the 1950s, small series of patients treated with ablative surgery have been carefully studied, providing useful information, notably regarding the tolerability of surgery. In the setting of dystonia, thalamotomy was first performed with substantial benefits, but some authors outlined the great variability in outcome, and the high incidence of operative side-effects. In the 'modern' era of functional surgery for movement disorders, the globus pallidus internus (GPi) has emerged to be currently the best target for dystonia, based on small series of patients published in the last few years. Both bilateral posteroventral pallidotomy (PVP) and bilateral pallidal stimulation, performed by several teams, have benefited a variety of patients with severe dystonia, the most dramatic improvements being seen in primary dystonia with a mutation in the DYT1 gene. Whereas patients with secondary dystonia have often shown a lesser degree of improvement, some publications have nevertheless reported major benefit. There is today a strong need for carefully controlled studies comparing secondary and primary dystonia, DYT1 and non-DYT1 dystonia, ablative surgery and DBS, with additional assessment of neuropsychological changes, especially in children treated with bilateral pallidal procedures.
Guillain-Barre syndrome in patient with Burkitt's lymphoma and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Although peripheral neuropathies are commonly observed in patients with non-Hodgkin's malignant lymphomas (NHML), Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) belongs to the occasional complications of lymphoproliferative disorders. It appears in less than 0.3 per cent of NHML. It is worthy of note that in the reported case there occurred three independent risk factors of peripheral neuropathy: Burkitt's lymphoma, chemotherapy and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Based on clinical course, EMG finding and neuropathological examination, in spite of normal cerebrospinal fluid protein content, GBS as a paraneoplastic disorder was diagnosed. It was assumed that chemotherapy and diabetes mellitus conduced to severe neuropathy.
The influence of the donor nerve on the function and morphology of a mimic muscle after cross innervation: An experimental study in rabbits; In the present study we used the scutuloauricularis muscle in the rabbit to investigate the functional and morphometric alterations in the mimic-muscle system after cross-reinnervation. The scutuloauricularis muscle is the first experimental model that allows functional assessment of a mimic muscle by force measurements. A total of 36 rabbits were separated into three groups. In group 1 the scutuloauricularis nerve was cut and re-sutured to itself to achieve self-reinnervation; in group 2 the buccal nerve was used to cross-reinnervate the fast scutuloauricularis muscle and in group 3 the slow buccinator muscle was cross-reinnervated by the scutuloauricularis nerve. After a period of 6 months the maximal tetanic tensions of the reinnervated scutuloauricularis muscles were determined and histomorphometric examinations of muscle and nerve biopsies were carried out. Force measurements showed no loss of muscle force after self- and cross-reinnervation. The normal scutuloauricularis muscle contained 33%, and the buccinator muscle 46%, slow type I fibres. After self-reinnervation of the scutuloauricularis muscle the fibre-type composition remained unchanged. After cross-reinnervation we saw a significant fast-to-slow transformation of the scutuloauricularis muscle and a significant slow-to-fast transformation of the buccinator muscle. The number of myelinated nerve fibres in the scutuloauricularis nerve increased after cross-reinnervation from 1531 to 4077 (group 2) and to 3813 (group 3). The number of nerve fibres in the buccal nerve (3209) was unchanged after cross-reinnervation. The results of the present study might be relevant in the treatment of irreversible facial palsy by functional muscle transplantation and cross-face nerve grafting. The facial nerve branch used for cross-reinnervation seems to determine the functional outcome. (C) 2000 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons.
Lyme borreliosis in children in northwest Croatia; In this study Lyme borreliosis in children in northwest Croatia during the time between 1990 and 1999 has been retrospectively analysed. The epidemiological aspect of the disease is presented especially sex distribution, age distribution, contact with ticks (tick-bite in anamnesis), and also clinical manifestations and serological results of the disease in patients. In 46 registered cases of Lyme borreliosis in children in northwest Croatia, erythema migrans dominates in their clinical manifestations in 41%, followed by facial paresis in 25%, Lyme arthritis 10%, lymphadenopathia 6%, general symptoms 6%, chorioretinitis 6%, lymphocytoma 4%, and peripheric neuritis 2%. No diference was found, in the epidemiological data in sex distribution, between the male and the female gender (M:F/52:48). In the age distribution the 7-14 years age group dominates with 67%. Positive contact with ticks was registered in 83% of all patients. New directions Were studied and given in diagnostic, treatment and prophylaxis of Lyme borreliosis, based of our own experience and new literature data. They are very important for endemic area of tick-borne diseases, such as the continental part of Croatia.
Reducing postoperative morbidity after the insertion of gold weights to treat lagophthalmos; Paralysis of the orbicularis oculi muscle leads to an unopposed action of the levator of the upper eyelid (lagophthalmos) in facial nerve palsy. The resultant exposure of the cornea may lead to keratitis, corneal ulceration, and eventual blindness. Although many surgical options exist in the treatment of lagophthalmos, upper lid loading with a gold weight implant has become one of the preferred methods to reduce the complications that may follow. The problems encountered after gold lid loading and methods to reduce postoperative morbidity are not well documented. The objective of this study was to determine the range of morbidity seen after gold weight insertion and to evaluate the effect of supratarsal fixation on subsequent morbidity. After retrospective reviews by questionnaire and case note analysis, supratarsal fixation was found to noticeably reduce the rate of implant ulceration and extrusion. This study demonstrates upper lid loading to be an effective method for the treatment of lagophthalmos, and it supports fixation of gold weights in reducing surgical morbidity.
Raising the suborbicularis oculi fat (SOOF): Its role in chronic facial palsy; Aims - To determine the adjuvant role of unilateral suborbicularis oculi fat (SOOF) lift in the periorbital rehabilitation of patients with chronic facial palsy. Methods - In a non-comparative prospective case series nine adult patients (seven male, two female) aged 34-90 years (mean 60.5) with chronic unrecovered facial palsy (over 1 year), who had not had any previous rehabilitative periorbital surgery, were studied. Lateral tarsal strip and adjuvant transconjunctival approach subperiosteal SOOF lift under local or general anaesthesia were performed; medial canthoplasty was performed where indicated. There was clinical observation of the long term (over 1 year) effect on the ptotic palpebral-malar sulcus and lower eyelid retraction. Results - The patients were followed up for 12-24 months (mean 16). Seven patients (77%) had sustained clinical reduction of palpebral-malar sulcus ptosis. All patients had sustained reduction of lagophthalmos. Early postoperative complications included conjunctival cheimosis in 77%. Three patients with persistent keratitis required further surgical procedures on their upper eyelid to reduce the palpebral aperture. There were no cases of infraorbital nerve anaesthesia or recurrent lower eyelid retraction. Conclusions - The SOOF lift has an adjuvant role in chronic facial palsy with lower eyelid retraction and ptotic-palpebral malar sulcus. It supports the lower eyelid elevation and tightening achieved with the lateral tarsal strip. The best results were obtained in congenital facial palsy.
Total decompression of facial nerve for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare condition characterized by recurrent facial paralysis in addition to various orofacial manifestations. The condition appears to be a granulomatous disorder causing oedema and inflammation of the soft tissues of the face, lips, oral cavity and particularly, the facial nerve. There is general agreement that the symptoms and signs resolve spontaneously, aided perhaps by an empirical course of oral steroids. However, in some patients the condition may be progressive, leading to disfiguring facial synkinesis and increasing residual paralysis. There is anecdotal evidence in the literature to suggest that surgical decompression of the facial nerve in its entire intratemporal course may prevent further attacks of facial paralysis and its sequelae. We present here our experience with surgical decompression of the facial nerve in a 27-year-old woman with MRS who had sufferent recurrent left-sided facial palsy since the age of four. A review of the literature pertaining to facial nerve decompression for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is presented.
Prognostic significance of preoperative electrophysiologic investigation for facial nerve outcome in acoustic neuroma surgery; The prognostic significance of transcranial magnetic stimulation and nasal muscle F-wave recording to predict postoperative facial nerve function was assessed in 24 patients with unilateral acoustic neuromas (mean diameter, 31 mm) and clinically intact facial nerve function. Latency of F waves and response to cortical magnetic stimulation, as well as F ratios, central motor conduction time, and the ratio of response latency to cortical and cisternal magnetic stimulation were significantly increased. Outcome analysis revealed no significant correlation between preoperative electrophysiologic changes and postoperative facial nerve function. However, a significant correlation with tumor diameter was detected. Thus, acoustic neuroma size seems to be the best predictor of facial nerve function after surgery. (C) 2000 John Wiley and Sons, Inc.
Crossed linguo-buccal reflex in post-stroke patients; A pathological crossed orofacial reflex, called crossed linguo-buccal reflex in the present study, was observed in approximately 1/3 of post-stroke patients with central facial palsy. Stroking with pressure two or three times with a split wooden tongue-blade to the tongue or palate contralateral to the central facial palsy elicited a reflex movement consisting of retraction of the angle of mouth and medio-posterior withdrawal of the buccal mucosa on the paretic side. Seventy-seven patients with central hemifacial palsy caused by a unilateral cerebral lesion were examined clinically, electromyographically and by computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). In addition, three men with bilateral cerebral lesions and bilateral crossed linguo-buccal reflexes were electromyographically examined. Twenty-two patients with unilateral cerebral lesions had this reflex. It was found that this reflex was most frequently observed in patients with a capsulo-caudate lesion involving the head of the caudate nucleus, the anterior limb and genu of the internal capsule. The electromyogram of the reflex showed increased activity in the orbicularis oris, depressor anguli oris, risorius, zygomaticus major and buccinator muscles on the paretic side with a long latency (254-856 ms), and a prolonged after-discharge after the stimulation. Reciprocal inhibition was observed in patients with bilateral positive reflexes. These findings suggest that liberation of the polysynaptic brainstem reflex in the medulla oblongata and pons from the indirect corticobulbar inhibition may underlie the occurrence of the crossed linguo-buccal reflex in post-stroke patients. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome: Case report; The Ramsay Hunt syndrome envolves a vesicular eruption on the external, middle and inner ear reported to the reativation of latent varicella-zoster virus(VZV) retained in a dormant state within sensory ganglia of the facial nerve, causing facial paralysis. This syndrome commonly affects elderly, diabetics and immunedeprimed patients. In this article, an younger patient with Ramsay Hunt syndrome is described. This patient was treated with prednisona and acyclovir having a good evolution.
Branchio-oto-renal syndrome (BOR syndrome). A syndrome involving branchial cleft, hearing loss and renal anomalies; The branchio-oto-renal syndrome (BOR syndrome) is characterized by auricular abnormalities, lateral cervical fistulas and preauricular tags. The hearing impairment may be a conductive, a sensorineural or a mixed hearing loss. The renal disease is oligomeganephronia, a bilateral, congenital renal abnormality with reduced numbers of nephrons. The BOR syndrome is an autosomal-dominant disease. An 8-year-old girl with preauricular tags, cervical fistulas and auricular abnormalities is reported upon. She has a mixed hearing loss and anomalies in the vestibular system. Renal disorders are not diagnosed. The BOR syndrome is a disorder with branchial, otologic and renal manifestations. These are usually incomplete. Less common anomalies that occur include facial nerve paralysis, lacrimal duct stenosis and other auricular abnormalities. The syndrome shows a highly variable expressivity, so that severe renal anomalies may be the limiting factor. Malformations in the head region may undergo cosmetic surgery depending on their grade and behaviour. After audiometric evaluation the hearing disorder can be well-treated with hearing aids.
Quantification of functional results after facial burns by the faciometer®; In the present study the faciometer® is introduced in order to quantify the ranges of mimic movements observed after surgical treatment of facial burns. This instrument which consists of calipers and an electronic display was introduced in 1994 in order to measure the extent of facial palsy during reconstructive procedures. The study group consisted of 23 patients, who had been operated on for facial burns. The distances between standardised stable and moving points in the face were determined after mimic movements such as lifting of the eyebrows, maximum showing of the teeth and pursing of the lips. These distances were expressed as a percentage of the distance at rest. For comparison the scars were classified according to the Vancouver Scar Scale. In all patients the functional results after burn trauma in the face and, in some cases, asymmetries at rest could be objectified. Depending upon the severity of scarring, the distance between tragus and mouth was shortened between 0 and 19% after maximal showing of the teeth. In general the mouth region showed more functional deficits than the forehead. Comparing different manners of treatment, it could be objectively demonstrated that the results after deep burns requiring skin grafts were worse than those observed after more superficial lesions and other methods of coverage. The application of keratinocytes to close the burn showed highly variable results. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd and ISBI.
A computer analysis of reflex eyelid motion in normal subjects and in facial neuropathy; Objective. To demonstrate how computerized eyelid motion analysis can quantify the human reflex blink. Design. Seventeen normal subjects and 10 patients with unilateral facial nerve paralysis were analyzed. Background. Eyelid closure is currently evaluated by systems primarily designed to assess lower/midfacial movements. The methods are subjective, difficult to reproduce, and measure only volitional closure. Reflex closure is responsible for eye hydration, and its evaluation demands dynamic analysis. Methods. A 60Hz video camera incorporated into a helmet was used to analyze blinking. Reflective markers on the forehead and eyelids allowed for the dynamic measurement of the reflex blink. Eyelid displacement, velocity and acceleration were calculated. The degree of synchrony between bilateral blinks was also determined. Results. This study demonstrates that video motion analysis can describe normal and altered eyelid motions in a quantifiable manner. Conclusions. To our knowledge, this is the first study to measure dynamic reflex blinks. Eyelid closure may now be evaluated in kinematic terms. This technique could increase understanding of eyelid motion and permit more accurate evaluation of eyelid function. Dynamic eyelid evaluation has immediate applications in the treatment of facial palsy affecting the reflex blink. Relevance. No method has been developed that objectively quantifies dynamic eyelid closure. Methods currently in use evaluate only volitional eyelid closure, and are based on direct and indirect observer assessments. These methods are subjective and are incapable of analyzing dynamic eyelid movements, which are critical to maintenance of corneal hydration and comfort. A system that quantifies eyelid kinematics can provide a functional analysis of blink disorders and an objective evaluation of their treatment(s). Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd.
Salivary gland involvement as an initial presentation of Wegener's disease: A case report; The case is presented of a 47-year-old woman with an 8-week history of persistent right ear discomfort and a 2-week history of unilateral parotid swelling, as well as peripheral paresis of the facial nerve. The case points to the difficulties encountered when Wegener's granulomatosis presents in an unusual and varied way which mimics a malignant tumour of the parotid gland. To our knowledge, the association of parotid gland involvement and facial palsy in Wegener's granulomatosis has not previously been described in the literature.
Treatment of Frey's syndrome (gustatory sweating) and 'crocodile tears' (Gustatory Epiphora) with purified botulinum toxin; Purpose: To determine whether purified botulinum toxin might be as effective in the treatment of 'crocodile tears' (gustatory epiphora) as it has been in the treatment of other hypersecretion syndromes such as Frey's syndrome (gustatory sweating). Methods: One patient with Frey's syndrome (gustatory sweating) was successfully treated with botulinum toxin. After this, two patients with chronic symptomatic crocodile tears (related to previous facial palsy) were treated with botulinum toxin injections into and around the lacrimal gland. Results: Both patients reported remarkable relief from symptoms and were observed to have no tearing while eating. Conclusions: Purified botulinum toxin appears to be an effective treatment for crocodile tears.
Cross-face nerve transplantation for traumatic facial palsy: A case report; We report a case of traumatic facial palsy that was treated successfully by cross-face nerve transplantation. A 16-year-old female was injured by motor cycle accident. She showed severe left facial palsy accompanied with the petrous bone fracture. At first, she was treated conservatively by facial massage, but her symptom didn't improve at all. She underwent cross-face nerve transplantation for her facial palsy 3 months after the injury. Her symptom improved rapidly 6 months after the operation. She regained facial muscle tone and voluntary movement gradually, and emotionally-induced spontaneous movement was evident by 12 months after the operation. Cross-face nerve transplantation has an advantage in restoration of emotional facial movement, though requiring considerable surgery and a long delay in reinnervation. This procedure is useful in the treatment of facial palsy especially in young patients who have a symptom of short duration.
Cranial nerve dysfunction following carotid endarterectomy; Background. Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is the most common surgical procedure performed for the treatment of symptomatic carotid stenosis greater than 70%. Among the recognised complications, such as stroke and myocardial infarction, is injury to cranial nerves. Methods. We report the incidence and follow-up of cranial nerve injury in 269 patients who underwent carotid endarterectomy between January 1994 and December 1997 at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital. Results. Fifteen cranial nerve injuries were documented (5.6%). Seven patients (2.6%) had unilateral vocal cord paralysis, nine (3.3%) hypoglossal palsy, two (0.7%) glossopharyngeal nerve injury and one (0.4%) facial nerve palsy (marginal mandibular nerve). All patients showed improvement within a few weeks and none had residual disability at the last follow-up (two weeks to 14 months). Conclusions. Patients manifesting symptoms of cranial nerve dysfunction should undergo a thorough otolaryngological evaluation and long-term follow-up. Most cranial nerve injuries are transient and result from trauma during dissection, retraction or carotid clamping. Knowledge of cranial nerve anatomy is essential if the surgeon is to avoid such injuries.
Facial diplegia during pregnancy; BACKGROUND: Facial diplegia is a rare event, most commonly of unknown origin. We report the case of a woman who presented bilateral Bell's palsy a few days after a normal delivery. CASE REPORT: Five days after the delivery of a gemellar pregnancy, a 34-year old woman developed complete bilateral facial palsy. No treatment was initially prescribed. She was first seen in our department two weeks after the onset of her illness. The diagnostic work-up was negative and we considered that our patient had bilateral Bell's palsy. Treatment with methylprednisolone and intravenous acyclovir, initiated since admission, have had very limited effect. DISCUSSION: As has already been shown for facial palsy, idiopathic facial diplegia, although exceptional, seems to be more frequent during the last trimester of pregnancy and in the early puerperium. Seven cases have been reported in the literature over the last 30 years. We discuss here the pathophysiology.
Surgical management of chronic parotid disease; This is a retrospective review of a single surgeon's experience over a 20-year period, and covers the presentation, investigation, histology, management and complications of the surgical treatment of chronic parotid disease. There were 46 superficial parotidectomies (23 with ductal ligation); 3 required removal of calculi and there was one ductoplasty and one total parotidectomy. There were 28 cases of temporary palsy of the VIIth cranial nerve (55%, mean duration 4 months) and this was predominantly panfacial (79%). There were no cases of permanent palsy. Five patients who initially had a superficial parotidectomy required subsequent total parotidectomy for recurrent disease (11%). We have now adopted a policy of near total parotidectomy for the surgical treatment of chronic parotid disease. © 2000 The British Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
The Melkersson - Rosenthal syndrome as a rare cause of facial nerve palsy - A case report; The Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome is the rarely encountered triad of intermittent facial paralysis, recurrent facial oedema and lingua plicata. The intervals between the recurrence of symptoms may vary in duration. The cause of this syndrome is yet unknown. This paper discusses the pathology, clinical features and management as well as reports a case of this unusual disorder.
Pathological laughter as heralding manifestation of left middle cerebral artery territory infarct: Case report and review of literature; Clinical, radiological and pathological studies in patients with stroke, presenting with pathological laughter as heralding manifestation, have shown lesions in the internal capsule and thalamus, basal ganglion, hypothalamus and ventral pons. In this report a patient with similar manifestation and having a cortical infarct in the territory supplied by superior division of middle cerebral artery is being presented. Our case suggests possible influence of dominant cerebral hemisphere, especially of Broca's area, on the motor control of laughter.
Acute mastoiditis in children: Retrospective study 1979-1998; Objectives: Over the past few years there has been a change in the signs and symptoms of acute mastoiditis. The aim of the present study was to investigate this change in symptoms and incidence. Patients: The records of 84 children who underwent mastoid surgery for acute mastoiditis over a 20-year period (1979-1998) were retrospectively investigated. Results and Conclusions: Taking into consideration the decline in the birth rate in the East German countries after 1991, there was no significant change in the incidence of acute mastoiditis. The mean age of patients was 2.6 years. The classical symptoms like retroauricular swelling, tenderness and protrusion of the auricle were only noted in 34 children (40.5%). Preoperative complications included facial palsy, abscess and septical lateral sinus thrombosis in 9 children. Bacterial cultures from samples obtained during surgery yielded Streptococcus pneumoniaein 56%. Therapy consisted of early surgical intervention combined with antibiotics, mainly cephalosporins. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Serological diagnostic trial of the causative virus of Bell's palsy by anti-herpes virus antibodies in the paired sera; Substantial evidence obtained through polymerase chain reaction techniques strongly supports that reactivation of latently infected herpes simplex virus (HSV) in geniculate ganglia is the main cause of Bell's palsy. However, serum antibody titers to HSV rarely increase in patients with this disease. This discrepancy may result from the difficulty in detecting a small increase in antibody titers by conventional serological analysis. To detect such a small increase in antibody titer, we defined the significant increase in IgG antibody titers more precisely, and examined the association of HSV or varicella-zoster virus (VZV) with Bell's palsy. From 40 patients with Bell's palsy, paired sera were obtained within the 4th disease day and 2 weeks later. IgG antibodies to HSV, VZV, cytomegalovirus (CMV). or measles virus (MsV) were measured with solid-phase enzyme immunoassay (EIA). IgM antibodies were measured with captured EIA. Each antibody titer was expressed as an EIA-value. which was quantitatively measured by using a calibration curve prepared from the samples containing known titers to the virus in proportion to the logarithm of its titer. An EIA-value ratio (EVR) between paired sera and a corrected EVR was calculated according to the formulae: EVR = [EIA-value in the second serum] / [EIA-value in the first serum]: corrected EVR = [EVR to HSV, VZV or CMV]/[EVR to MsV]. The association with a virus was determined to be positive when the corrected EVR of the virus was beyond the normai range (the logarithmical mean ± 3SD of corrected EVRs among 24 healthy controls) while the corrected EVR of the other viruses were within it. Using the corrected EVR, 6 patients were positive: 4 for HSV. 2 for VZV. On the other hand, the conventional serological analysis, which confirms positivity by a 4-fold increase in IgG antibody titer or a demonstration of IgM antibody, disclosed only 2 positive patients (1 for HSV, 1 for VZV). EIA is a very sensitive method of detecting antibodies. Corrected EVRs can exclude a decrease in antibody titers induced by corticosteroids, which are generally used for therapy of Bell's palsy. Moreover, the normal range of corrected EVRs can be defined more precisely than in conventional serological analyses. Our results indicate that some sensitive analysis, such as the corrected EVR method, may make it possible to serologically detect the causative virus of Bell' s palsy.
Wegener's granulomatosis debuting as facial otogena paralysis; Wegener's Granulomatosis is a granulomatous necrotizing vasculitis described by Frederich Wegener as recently as 1936, usually affecting both high and low airway and renal glomerule and rarely small vessels in any other location. Facial nerve palsy has been reported during the curse of the disease, but only in few cases it was the initial manifestation of the condition. We present a patient with chronic otitis media and facial palsy in which Wegener Granulomatosis was diagnosed in spite of the scarcity of any other symptoms. The case is discussed and the literature is reviewed.
Congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome (CBPS): Do concomitant esophageal malformations indicate a poor prognosis?; Congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome (CBPS) is a syndrome of cortical malformation characterized by faciopharyngoglossomasticatory diplegia. We report on two cases of CBPS with associated esophageal malformations and a poor mental and motor development. The association of CBPS and esophageal malformations may indicate a subgroup of patients with a very early prenatal injury, characterised by a bad prognosis due to severe cortical disorganization. However, it can not be excluded that the association of CBPS and esophageal malformation is purely coincidental.
Recurrent alternating facial paralysis and malignant hypertension; A previously healthy 11-year old girl with three episodes of alternating facial palsy is described. On examination during the third relapse a severe essential hypertension was diagnosed, accompanied by abnormalities on cerebral imaging, cardiac and fundoscopic investigations. Antihypertensive treatment normalized the hypertension. No relapse of the facial palsy occurred since. The objective of this communication is to draw the attention to hypertension as a possible cause of recurrent facial paralysis in children, to stress the importance of measuring the blood pressure and taking a thorough family history in every patient presenting with facial palsy.
Immunologic factors in the pathogenesis of B. Pertussis; Having found a toxi-infection by B. Pertussis in the 95,47% out of 92 patients affected by Multiple Sclerosis (MS) (1), and expecting to find "negative" the patients with neuropathies different from Multiple Sclerosis, as a comparison/check I searched for anti-pertussis antibodies in 10 neurologic patients whom MS had been excluded (the clinic diagnosis were: Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, Pseudobulbar Syndrome, Motoneuron Disease, Neurogenous Muscolar Dystrophy; Hemiparkinson, Spastic Tetraparesis, Balo's Concentric Sclerosis). In all these patients NRM had excluded the presence of patches; in two of them it had highlighted a gliosis. The research of Anti-Bordetella antibodies, I asked for, demonstrated that in all the cases there was a "taking place" infection by B. Pertussis. Referring to the role of astrocytes in the induction of experimental allergic encephalitis and in the onset of MS (see: my Internet site: www.domenicofiore.it), revaluing the metabolic and immunologic function of astrocytes in CNS's physiopathologies, keeping in mind the pathogenic power of the main pertussis toxins and the laws of general biology which regulate the relationships between Bordetella and Human Host, in the case of reinfections; one can explain the pathogenesis of pertussis neuropathies without patches. In subjects with a muco-ciliar barrier defect, a re-infection from Bordetella may cause: A) in people with astrocytes which produce HLA-Ags of II class: the Multiple Sclerosis; B) in people with astrocytes which do not produce HLA-Ags of II class, according to the relationship toxins/antibodies (zone phenomenon, Arthus reaction) and according to the phenotype (that is, according to the metabolic and receptor features) of the neurons involved and preferentially damaged by pertussis toxins, the various clinic forms of the following without patches neuropathies: Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, Pseudobulbar Syndrome, Motoneuron Disease, Neurogenous Muscolar Dystrophy; Hemiparkinson, Spastic Tetraparesis, Balo's Concentric Sclerosis. In all neuropathies which cannot be etiologically qualified, as the prognosis can be positively modified (quoad vitam and quoad valetudinem), thanks to a precocious etiologic diagnosis and to the subsequent specific antibiotic therapy, it becomes compulsory to search also for anti-Bordetella antibodies with appropriate methods.
The combination of insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 reduces insulin requirements in insulin-dependent type 1 diabetes: Evidence for in vivo biological activity; Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) enhances insulin action in normal subjects and in patients with both type 1 and 2 diabetes; however, its administration is associated with significant side effects in a high percentage of patients. The coadministration of IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3, the predominant IGF binding protein in serum) with IGF-I limits IGF-I inducible side effects, but it does not attenuate the ability of IGF-I to enhance protein synthesis and bone accretion; therefore, we determined whether IGF-I/IGFBP-3 would retain biological activity in type 1 DM and limit side effects associated with free IGF-I administration. Twelve patients received recombinant human IGF-I plus IGFBP-3 (2 mg/kg, day) by continuous sc infusion for 2 weeks. Each subject served as his own control; and, during a paired 2-week period, each received a placebo infusion. The order of the treatments was randomized. Subjects were placed on a constant caloric intake but were allowed to adjust insulin doses to maintain appropriate levels of glycemic control. Subjects measured blood glucose four times per day at home and kept a log of their insulin use. Frequent sampling for glucose, insulin, and GH was conducted during four inpatient study periods, one at the beginning and one at the end of each 2-week study interval. During IGF-I/IGFBP-3, insulin doses were reduced by 49%, and mean serum glucose was reduced by 23%. Free insulin levels obtained during frequent sampling in hospital fell 47% on IGF-I/IGFBP-3, compared with control, but showed no change with placebo. Concomitant glucose measurements did not differ in the two treatment groups. There was no change in body weight. Fructosamine levels decreased by 12%, but this was not significant (P < 0.1). Fasting triglyceride was unchanged, but cholesterol declined from 170 ± 24 to 149 ± 31 mg/dL (P < 0.05). IGFBP-2 (an IGF-I-dependent responsive variable) rose from 141 ± 56 to 251 ± 98 ng/mL (P < 0.01) on IGF-I/IGFBP-3. To analyze the mechanism by which IGF-I/IGFBP-3 might reduce insulin requirements, the change in serum GH was quantified. Mean GH levels were reduced by 72%, from 2.48 to 0.55 ng/mL (P < 0.001). An equal number (40%) of drug- and placebo-treated subjects had minor hypoglycemic episodes at home that required adjustment of insulin doses. No episode was classified as severe. In contrast to previous studies with free IGF-I, there were no cases of edema, headache, jaw pain, retinal edema, or Bell's palsy. No subject withdrew because of drug complications. These findings indicate that IGF-I/IGFBP-3 is biologically active on carbohydrate metabolism, as measured by a decrease in insulin requirements in patients with type 1 diabetes. Further studies will be required to determine the long-term safety and efficacy of this combination in patients with insulin resistance and diabetes.
Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease; Tick bites and prophylaxis. The best currently available method for preventing infection with Borrelia burgdorferi is to avoid vector tick exposure. If exposure to Ixodes scapularis or Ixodes pacificus ticks is unavoidable, measures recommended to reduce the risk of infection include using both protective clothing and tick repellents, checking the entire body for ticks daily, and promptly removing attached ticks, before transmission of B. burgdorferi can occur (A-III [see tables 1 and 2 for recommendation categories, indicated in parentheses throughout this text]). Routine use of either antimicrobial prophylaxis (E-I) or serological tests (D-III) after a tick bite is not recommended. Some experts recommend antibiotic therapy for patients bitten by I. scapularis ticks that are estimated to have been attached for >48 h (on the basis of the degree of engorgement of the tick with blood), in conjunction with epidemiological information regarding the prevalence of tick-transmitted infection (C-III). However, accurate determinations of species of tick and degree of engorgement are not routinely possible, and data are insufficient to demonstrate efficacy of antimicrobial therapy in this setting. Persons who remove attached ticks should be monitored closely for signs and symptoms of tick-borne diseases for up to 30 days and specifically for the occurrence of a skin lesion at the site of the tick bite (which may suggest Lyme disease) or a temperature >38°C (which may suggest human granulocytic ehrlichiosis [HGE] or babesiosis). Persons who develop a skin lesion or other illness within 1 month after removing an attached tick should promptly seek medical attention for assessment of the possibility of having acquired a tick-borne disease (A-II). Health care practitioners, particularly those in areas where Lyme disease is endemic, should become familiar with its clinical manifestations, recommended practices for testing for it, and therapy for the disease, as well as for HGE and babesiosis (A-III). Testing of ticks for tick-borne infectious organisms is not recommended, except in research studies (D-III). Prior vaccination with the recently licensed recombinant outer-surface protein A (OspA) vaccine preparation reduces the risk of developing Lyme disease associated with tick bites but should not alter the above recommendations (A-I). Early Lyme disease. Administration of doxycycline (100 mg twice daily) or amoxicillin (500 mg 3 times daily) for 14-21 days is recommended for treatment of early localized or early disseminated Lyme disease associated with erythema migrans, in the absence of neurological involvement or third-degree atrioventricular heart block (A-I). In prospective studies, these agents have been shown to be effective in treating erythema migrans and associated symptoms. Doxycycline has the advantage of being efficacious for treatment of HGE, which may occur simultaneously with early Lyme disease. Doxycycline is relatively contraindicated during pregnancy or lactation and for children aged <8 years. Because of its higher cost, cefuroxime axetil (500 mg orally twice daily), which is as effective as doxycycline in the treatment of erythema migrans (A-I), should be reserved as an alternative agent for those patients who can take neither doxycycline nor amoxicillin. For children, we recommend amoxicillin at a dosage of 50 mg/kg/d, divided into 3 doses per day (maximum, 500 mg/dose), or doxycycline (for those aged ≥8 years) at a dosage of 1-2 mg/kg twice per day (maximum, 100 mg/dose) (B-II). Cefuroxime axetil, at a dosage of 30 mg/kg/d, divided into 2 doses daily (maximum, 500 mg/dose), is an acceptable alternative agent (B-III). Macrolide antibiotics are not recommended as first-line therapy for early Lyme disease (E-I). When used, they should be reserved for patients who are intolerant of amoxicillin, doxycycline, and cefuroxime axetil. Possible regimens for adults are as follows: azithromycin, 500 mg orally daily for 7-10 days; erythromycin, 500 mg orally 4 times daily for 14-21 days; and clarithromycin, 500 mg orally twice daily for 14-21 days. Possible dosages for children are the following: azithromycin, 10 mg/kg/d (maximum, 500 mg/d); erythromycin, 12.5 mg/kg 4 times daily (maximum, 500 mg/dose); and clarithromycin, 7.5 mg/kg twice daily (maximum, 500 mg/dose). Patients treated with macrolides should be closely followed. Ceftriaxone (2 g iv daily), although effective, is not superior to oral agents and is not recommended as a first-line agent for treatment of Lyme disease in the absence of neurological involvement or third-degree atrioventricular heart block (E-I). The use of ceftriaxone (2 g once daily iv for 14-28 days) in early Lyme disease is recommended for acute neurological disease manifested by meningitis or radiculopathy (B-II). Intravenous penicillin G at a dosage of 18-24 million units daily, divided into doses given every 4 h (for patients with normal renal function), may be a satisfactory alternative (B-II). Cefotaxime (2 g iv every 8 h) may also be a satisfactory alternative (B-II). For adult patients who are intolerant of both penicillin and cephalosporins, doxycycline (200-400 mg/d) in 2 divided doses given orally (or iv if the patient is unable to take oral medications) for 14-28 days may be adequate (B-II). For children, we recommend ceftriaxone (75-100 mg/kg/d) in a single daily iv dose (maximum, 2 g) (B-II) or cefotaxime (150-200 mg/kg/d) divided into 3 or 4 iv doses (maximum, 6 g/d) (B-III) for 14-28 days. An alternative is iv penicillin G (200,000-400,000 units/kg/d; maximum, 18-24 million units/d) divided into doses given every 4 h for those with normal renal function (B-II). Patients with first- or second-degree atrioventricular heart block associated with early Lyme disease should be treated with the same antimicrobial regimens as patients with erythema migrans without carditis (see paragraphs 1 and 2 of the recommendations in this section, above) (B-III). We recommend that patients with third-degree atrioventricular heart block be treated with parenteral antibiotics such as ceftriaxone (see paragraphs 5 and 6 of the recommendations in this section, above) in the hospital, although there are no clinical trials to support this recommendation (B-III). A temporary pacemaker may also be required. Although antibiotic treatment does not hasten the resolution of seventh-cranial-nerve palsy associated with B. burgdorferi infection, antibiotics should be given to prevent further sequelae (B-II). There was disagreement among panel members on the neurological evaluation of patients with seventh-cranial-nerve palsy. Some members perform a CSF examination on all patients with seventh-cranial-nerve palsy, whereas others reserve lumbar puncture for patients for whom there is strong clinical suspicion of CNS involvement (e.g., severe headache or nuchal rigidity). Patients whose CSF examinations yield normal findings may be treated with the same regimens used for patients with erythema migrans (B-III), whereas patients for whom there is clinical and laboratory evidence of CNS involvement should be treated with regimens effective against meningitis (see paragraphs 5 and 6 of the recommendations in this section, above) (B-II). Treatment for pregnant patients can be identical to that for nonpregnant patients with the same disease manifestation, except that tetracyclines should be avoided (B-III). Lyme arthritis. Lyme arthritis usually can be treated successfully with antimicrobial agents administered orally or intravenously. Administration of doxycycline (100 mg twice daily orally) or amoxicillin (500 mg 3 times daily), in each instance for 28 days, is recommended for patients without clinically evident neurological disease (B-II). For children, we recommend administration of doxycycline (1-2 mg/kg twice per day; maximum, 100 mg/dose), which can be given to patients aged ≥8 years, or amoxicillin (50 mg/kg/d, divided into 3 doses per day; maximum, 500 mg/dose) for 28 days (B-II). Oral therapy is easier to administer than iv antibiotics, is associated with fewer serious complications, and is considerably less expensive. Its disadvantage is that some patients treated with oral agents have subsequently manifested overt neuroborreliosis, which may require iv therapy for successful treatment. Further controlled trials are needed to compare oral with iv therapy. Neurological evaluation, including lumbar puncture, should be done for patients if there is a strong clinical suspicion of neurological involvement, Patients with both arthritis and objective evidence of neurological disease should receive iv ceftriaxone (2 g once daily for 14-28 days) (A-II). Alternative therapies include iv cefotaxime (2 g iv every 8 h) (B-III) or iv penicillin G (18-24 million units daily, divided into doses given every 4 h for patients with normal renal function) (B-lI). Because of low blood levels, the long-acting benzathine preparation of penicillin is not recommended (D-III). For children, we recommend administration of ceftriaxone (75-100 mg/kg/d in a single daily iv dose; maximum, 2 g) (B-III) or cefotaxime (150-200 mg/kg/d divided into 3 or 4 iv doses; maximum, 6 g/d) (B-III) for 14-28 days. An alternative is iv penicillin G (200,000-400,000 units/kg/d; maximum, 18-24 million units/d), divided into doses given every 4 h for those with normal renal function (B-III).
Immunoadsorption therapy with TR-350 (tryptophan column) for Guillain-Barré syndrome: Investigation including serum antiganglioside antibody assay; Immunoadsorption therapy (IAT) using TR-350 was performed for 14 patients with Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS). Presence of serum antiganglioside antibodies (AGA) was investigated in all the patients in the acute phase. In 14 patients studied, 6 men and 8 women, ages from 24 to 74 years (mean, 42.5 years), 7 patients had suffered from common cold and 3 from diarrhea before neurological onset. Ophthalmoplegia was seen in 6 patients, facial palsy in 6, bulbar palsy in 3 and cerebellar sign in 2. Functional grade scores (FGS) by Hughes et al. of the patients were from 5 to 1 (mean, 3.3). In 4 patients, whose FGS were 1 or 2, IAT were performed, because of worsning of bulbar palsy, bilateral facial palsy and limb weakness. Relapse occured in one patient. IAT was started from 2 to 18 days (mean, 8.4) after neurological onset and performed 3 to 14 times (mean, 7.5) for each patient. Mean FGS improved from 3.3 to 2.1 after IAT. The mean time to improve 1 grade was 10.3 days and mean time to improve 2 grades was 39.0 days. The mean FGS after 1 month was 1.4 and that after 3 months was 0.4. Some of 14 patients had elevated titers of AGA in sera in the acute phase. Four patients had anti-GQ1b IgG antibody and showed external ophthalmoplegia. One patient with anti-GD1b IgG antibody had cerebellar signs as well as peripheral neuropathy. Those AGAs decreased after IAT in parallel with improvement. IAT is an effective treatment in acute phase of GBS.
Bilateral cerebellopontine angle metastases of colon cancer: A case report; A cerebellopontine angle (CPA) metastatic tumor from colon cancer is extremely rare. This paper reports on a 68 year-old man who experienced sudden hearing loss in his left ear, 16 months after surgery for colon cancer. The initial MRI scan failed to find anything significant in the cranial fossa. However, within 6 months, left facial palsy and deterioration of bilateral hearing developed. Repeated MRI scan finally discovered bilateral CPA tumors. Therefore, when a cancer patient has sudden hearing loss, an MRI scan should be carded out to confirm CPA metastasis or meningeal carcinomatosis. If the scan reveals nothing particular, but hearing still deteriorates, CSF cytology or repeated MRI scan should be performed.
Acute bulbar palsy due to myelomeningocele and Chiari II malformation; We describe a case of a 10-year-old girl with myelomeningocele and type II Chiari malformation. She presented with an acute bulbar palsy requiring mechanical ventilation. Surgical decompression of the brainstem was performed and, because of a phrenic nerve palsy, surgical plication of the right diaphragm was also required. The patient's evolution was favourable. We discuss the various forms of clinical presentation of this pathology as well as its management. The importance of early diagnosis and surgical correction are also stressed as a key factor for favourable evolution.
Neurocutaneous melanosis. Case report and review of the literature; Neurocutaneous melanosis (NCM) is a rare congenital syndrome characterized by large or multiple congenital melanocytic nevi and excessive proliferation of melanotic cells in the leptomeninges. We report the case of a girl with a giant hairy nevus and numerous small nevi since birth. Within the first 2 years of life she developed clinical features of increased intracranial pressure and West's syndrome. At 2 years of age she presented a right facial palsy and myelopathy. Brain and spinal magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated meningeal infiltration. Diagnosis of NCM was established by a detailed cytologic analyses of the cerebrospinal fluid that revealed melanocytic cells. She received palliative treatment. The girl died 2 months after. Patients with large or multiple congenital melanocytic nevi should be carefully followed up with clinical examination and neuroimaging to detect NCM. At present there is no curative treatment. The association of NCM and West's syndrome has not been previously described. Child. Congenital melanocytic nevi. Increased intracranial pressure. Leptomeningeal melanosis. Neurocutaneous melanosis. West syndrome.
Continuous electromyography monitoring of motor cranial nerves during cerebellopontine angle surgery; Object. Electromyography (EMG) monitoring is expected to reduce the incidence of motor cranial nerve deficits in cerebellopontine angle surgery. The aim of this study was to provide a detailed analysis of intraoperative EMG phenomena with respect to their surgical significance. Methods. Using a system that continuously records facial and lower cranial nerve EMG signals during the entire operative procedure, the authors examined 30 patients undergoing surgery on acoustic neuroma (24 patients) or meningioma (six patients). Free-running EMG signals were recorded from muscles targeted by the facial, trigeminal, and lower cranial nerves, and were analyzed off-line with respect to waveform characteristics, frequencies, and amplitudes. Intraoperative measurements were correlated with typical surgical maneuvers and postoperative outcomes. Characteristic EMG discharges were obtained: spikes and bursts were recorded immediately following the direct manipulation of a dissecting instrument near the cranial nerve, but also during periods when the nerve had not yet been exposed. Bursts could be precisely attributed to contact activity. Three distinct types of trains were identified: A, B, and C trains. Whereas B and C trains are irrelevant with respect to postoperative outcome, the A train - a sinusoidal, symmetrical sequence of high-frequency and low-amplitude signals - was observed in 19 patients and could be well correlated with additional postoperative facial nerve paresis (in 18 patients). Conclusions. It could be demonstrated that the occurrence of A trains is a highly reliable predictor for postoperative facial palsy. Although some degree of functional worsening is to be expected postoperatively, there is a good chance of avoiding major deficits by warning the surgeon early. Continuous EMG monitoring is superior to electrical nerve stimulation or acoustic loudspeaker monitoring alone. The detailed analysis of EMG-waveform characteristics is able to provide more accurate warning criteria during surgery.
Plasmacellular cheilitis in adolescent down with melkersson-rosenthal syndrome: A case report; The Authors describe a Melkersson-Rosenthal's syndrome in a Down 16 years old. The histologic test has shown an unusual plasmacellular infiltration, that has been considered of secondary and reactive type. After local and systematic useless therapies, it has been proceeded to a reductive cheiloplasty, that besides ta immediate aesthetic results, it has determined lack of relapses to a check of 12 months.
Infantile facial paralysis: diagnostic and therapeutic features; This paper deals with a series of 11 cases of peripheral unilateral facial paralyses affecting children under 15 years. Following parameters are reviewed: age, sex, side immobilized, origin, morbid antecedents, clinical and neurophysiological explorations (electroneurography through magnetic stimulation) and the evolutive course of the cases. These items are assembled in 3 sketches in the article. Clinical assessment of face movility is more difficult as the patient is younger, nevertheless electroneurography was possible in the whole group. Clinical restoration was complete, excepting one complicated cholesteatomatous patient. Some aspects concerning the etiology, diagnostic explorations and management of each pediatric case are discussed.
Bilateral facial palsy in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection--a case report; We report a 37-year-old male with bilateral peripheral facial palsy associated with HIV infection. He was serologically tested for HIV and was found to be positive (by Western blot and ELISA). Serum chemistry studies showed elevated HIV RNA and were negative for p24 antigen. The CD4+ count was 533 cells x 10(6) per liter, with a CD4+:CD8+ ratio of 0.47. Since there was no evidence of any other underlying systemic illness, his facial palsy was considered to be secondary to HIV infection.
Oral and maxillofacial manifestations of multiple sclerosis.; Multiple sclerosis is a chronic demyelinating disease of the central nervous system which mostly affects young adults living in the northern hemisphere. It is a disease primarily found in temperate climates, being rare in the tropics and increasing in frequency with distance from the equator. Canada has one of the highest prevalence rates in the world. Dentists should be familiar with the clinical manifestations that affect the oral and maxillofacial areas as well as patients' general health. Three of the most frequent oro-facial symptoms include trigeminal neuralgia, trigeminal sensory neuropathy and facial palsy. Dentists should also be aware of the importance of this disease in the diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of certain oro-facial lesions or conditions. This paper reviews 2 cases of multiple sclerosis, highlights its oro-facial manifestations and discusses the dental implications of the disease.
Hemangioma of the facial nerve.; To discuss the interest of the etiologic diagnosis of a facial palsy. STUDY DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Two cases of geniculate ganglion hemangioma with progressive facial palsy are reported. RESULTS: Hemangioma of the facial nerve is a rare and benign vascular tumor that originates from the venous plexus surrounding the facial nerve. The most common locations are the internal auditory canal and the geniculate ganglion. Diagnosis of these small tumors is radiological with CT-scan and MRI studies. Surgical excision through a supra-petrosal approach is the gold standard treatment. Hemangiomas of the facial nerve and particularly those developed in the geniculate ganglion area constitute a rare but not inconsiderable facial palsy etiology. An acute diagnosis and an early excision are fundamental to preserve a satisfactory facial function.
Temporal bone pathology in Wegener's granulomatosis.; This study aimed to demonstrate the temporal bone histopathology of two cases of Wegener's granulomatosis in which the initial symptoms were profound hearing loss and facial nerve palsy respectively. The first case, a woman of 44, suffered profound hearing loss which was remarkably improved by steroid and cyclophosphamide treatment for a time, and which seemed to be caused by invasion from granulation tissue filled in the tympanic cavity. The second case was a 61-year-old woman presenting with the facial nerve palsy. The bony canal of the horizontal portion of the facial nerve was destroyed due to granulation tissue which filled in the tympanic cavity, and granulomatous involvement was observed in the facial nerve. Wegener's granulomatosis can involve the middle ear and/or inner ear, causing hearing loss of conductive, mixed or sensorineural type. Pathogenesis of facial nerve palsy seems to be related to Wegener's granulomatous involvement of facial nerve, because the facial nerve palsy also resolved by using steroid and cyclophosphamide.
Diplopia from skew deviation in Ramsey-Hunt syndrome. A case report.; OBJECT: Presentation of a 34-year-old pregnant woman with skew deviation due to peripheral vestibular dysfunction caused by herpes zoster oticus. METHODS: A multidisciplinary approach (neuroophthalmology, otorhinolaryngology, neuroradiology) revealed the diagnosis of Ramsey-Hunt syndrome. CASE REPORT: The patient presented with painful herpes zoster vesicles of the left ear, associated with a rotatory vertigo and hearing loss. Otorhinolaryngological examination showed a unilateral peripheral vestibular loss, a nystagmus towards the unaffected right side, no facial nerve dysfunction and a left perception hearing loss, mainly in the frequencies between 2-6 KHz. The patient was treated with Zovirax IV. Neuroradiological examination (MRI without contrast) revealed no abnormalities. Vertical diplopia from skew deviation was noted +/- 10 days after onset of herpes zoster oticus. Neuroophthalmological and orthoptic examination showed a comitant right hypertropia of 6 diopters and a spontaneous nystagmus to the right. CONCLUSION: Skew deviation can be caused by a sudden unilateral cochleo-vestibular loss as described by A.B. Safran. (4,6,7,8).
Magnetic resonance imaging findings in a patient with bilateral facial paralysis due to malignant lymphoma; In malignant lymphomas, especially non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, invasion to the central nervous system (CNS) often occurs. A patient is reported here with bilateral facial paralysis due to invasion of a malignant lymphoma to the CNS. Contrast magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed swelling of the entire length internal auditory meatus and enhancement in the entire length of the facial nerve. Transcranial magnetic stimulation and MRI revealed that later facial nerve injury was present before the onset of paralysis due to a malignant lymphoma. Therefore treatment should be performed with consideration given to the possible invasion of the tumor to the CNS.
Otitis media as a sign of Wegener's granulomatosis in childhood; Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is a rare disease among paediatric patients. Chronic otitis media with or without facial nerve dysfunction is a known manifestation of the disease among adults. A case of a 15-year-old boy with WG, whose initial symptoms were acute otitis media and facial nerve paralysis, is presented. The otorhinolaryngological manifestations, as well as diagnostic and current treatment modalities in paediatric patients with WG, are discussed.
Effects of modified SD therapy on Bell's palsy; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a modified SD therapy (intravenous high dose hydrocortisone and low molecular dextran) on Bell's palsy(BP), and to avoid the severe side-effects such as hepatic and renal disorders during the treatment. METHOD: Seventy-one BP patients were treated with modified SD method (modified group), thirty-two BP patients took prednisone (control group), and the curative rates of two therapies were compared, in the meanwhile recorded the side effects in detail. RESULT: Curative rate in modified group was 95.8% (House-Brakmsnn I-II) and in control group was 81.2% (P < 0.05). In modified group, the curative rate (I grade) in the patients were treated within 24 hours following onset was 75.0%, and the curative rate in other three subgroups were treated within 24-48 hours, 2-3 day and 3-5 day following onset was 43.8%, 26.7%, 18.8% respectively. Modified group had not shown hepatic and renal disorders or gastric ulcer. CONCLUSION: Modified SD method may increase recoverable rate and can avoid significant side effects for BP, and emphasizes the importance of the administration of SD therapy in the early stage of the disease.
Clinical analysis of facial nerve palsy in middle ear and mastoid surgery in 23 cases; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the cause, the prevention and the therapy of facial nerve palsy(FNP) which induced by the operation of middle ear and mastoid surgery. METHOD: A series of 1032 cases undergone middle ear and mastoid surgery were reviewed between 1976 and 1991. RESULT: 23 cases FNP were identified. All were incomplete and peripheral. 13 cases of them were performed decompression of facial nerve. 6 cases were cure, 4 cases on the mend and 3 cases no effect after operation. 10 cases were treated by conservation, 5 cases were cure, 3 cases on the mend and 2 cases no effect. CONCLUSION: If the facial paralysis occurs during the operation, which means that facial nerve is damaged, except hard-stuff reason. Exploration should be done at once. If facial paralysis occurs later, conservative therapy should be selected at first. If facial paralysis is still not on the mend 1 month of postoperation, one should be done exploration of facial nerve.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in childhood: A challenge in differential diagnosis and treatment; Facial palsy and orofacial swelling in childhood represent a challenge in differential diagnosis for paediatricians and dermatologists. One possible entity, Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS), is a rarity in childhood. We describe a 9-year-old girl with the diagnosis of MRS who had episodic swelling of the upper lip and complete peripheral facial palsy, associated with herpes and recurrent bacterial infections. Therapeutic options for MRS in childhood are limited. Our patient benefited from a 2-month course of prednisolone 1 mg kg-1 daily. We review previously published cases of MRS in childhood, and discuss the differential diagnosis of orofacial swelling and facial palsy as well as treatment options in children.
Bell's palsy: Treatment by association aciclovir-methylprednosolone, preliminary results; Rationnal: Many actual data suspect a viral etiology to Bell's palsy. Herpes viridae are more and more incriminated. On these basis, we have studied the efficacity of parenteral association of 30 mg/Kg/j of Aciclovir and 1 mg/Kg/j of Methylprednisolone in the treatment of Bell's palsy with less than 12 days of evolution. Method: The evaluation concern 53 patients. We also evaluated the functional motor result (using House and Brackmann staging) and search pronostic factors in clinic and paraclinic data. A viral investigation have been made inmost of the cases. Results: Only one of our patients treated with Aciclovir keeps some sequelles (stage III of House and Brackmann classification). We didn't found any deleterious effect. Statistically, the electromyography is the only one test with a pronostic value. But we feel that delay between the starting and the treatment of the palsy is important. Viral tests show sometime abnormal Ig against the Herpes viridae group. Conclusions: These promising results are lightened with a review of the literature. A multicentric investigation is already in place for a stronger statistic effect.
Peripheral neuropathy involving cranial nerves in a patient with hepatitis C virus infection and mixed cryoglobulinemia; A 75-year-old man developed subacute progressive muscle weakness and painful paresthesia of the left upper and right lower limbs. The patient had no history of diabetes mellitus. On physical examination, there was no evidence of icterus or hepatosplenomegaly. Palmar erythema without rash was noted. Neurologic examination revealed muscle atrophy and weakness in the left upper limb and mild muscle weakness in the right proximal lower limb. Dysesthesia, severe hypesthesia, and hypalgesia were found in the left upper limb. The tendon reflexes were decreased in the left upper limb and absent in the lower limbs. The cranial nerves were preserved on the day of admission, followed by the involvement of the right oculomotor nerve. Serological examination revealed a mixed IgG/IgM cryoglobulinemia and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection with evidence of HCV virus replication by PCR for HCV RNA. The patient was diagnosed as having a mixed cryoglobulinemic neuropathy associated with HCV infection. Interferon-α therapy with 3 million units subcutaneously was initiated three times per week; however, there was no clinical improvement, although cryoglobulins became undetectable and the level of serum HCV RNA decreased remarkably. Intravenous immunoglobulin therapy 20g per day for 5 days was also ineffective. The patient developed right facial nerve palsy, followed by right abducens nerve palsy. Treatment with prednisolone 40mg per day improved and stabilized neurologic symptoms. Although interferon-α is considered to be a promising therapy for neurologic complications of HCV infection with mixed cryoglobulinemia, the optimal treatment remains unestablished.
A case of heerfordt syndrome; Heerfoldet syndrome is an unusual manifestation of systemic sarcoidosis and is characterized by parotitis, uveitis, and facial nerve paralysis. A 77-year-old female with a diagnosis of malignant lymphoma was referred to us for left facial nerve paralysis and left otalgia. After we treated her with intravenous administration of steroids and acyclovir as Rumsey Hunt Syndrome, the facial nerve paralysis was revealed to be caused by sarcoidosis. Because this case had only two of three characteristic symptoms of Heerfoldt syndrome, facial nerve paralysis and uveitis, we made the diagnosis of incomplete type of Heerfoldt syndrome.
A case of acinic cell carcinoma of the parotid gland - Its diagnosis and planning for therapy; A 64-year-old male was complaining of a mass at the pre-auricular region without pain and facial palsy. Histopathological type of the parotid mass was not able to diagnose by fine needle aspiration biopsy and other examinations before operation. After superficial lobectomy of the parotid gland, the mass was examined by frozen section pathology, which showed acinic cell carcinoma, then we added supra-omohyoid neck dissection. Though acinic cell carcinoma was thought to be low-grade malignancy, its long-term survival rate is not always good because of local recurrence. Many authors supported that the treatment for this tumor was at least wide excision with clear surgical margins. Therefore, in case involving the facial nerve, the tumor should be excised to sacrifice the nerve with clear surgical margins. Therefore, preoperative histopathogical diagnosis of the tumor was essential for an appropriate operation. Because the results of fine needle aspiration biopsy and frozen section biopsy in the parotid cancer was not confirmative, open biopsy should be performed positively for accurate histological diagnosis to improve their prognosis.
Basis and application of acupuncture in neurology; Acupuncture is a valuable method of complementary medicine with broad application in neurology. It is based on the experiences of traditional Chinese medicine as well as on experimentally proven biological (biochemical and neurophysiological) effects. Acupuncture-induced analgesia is mediated by inhibition of pain transmission at a spinal level and activation of central pain-modulating centers by release of opioids and other peptides that can be prevented by opioid antagonists (naloxone). Modern neuroimaging methods (functional MRI) confirmed the activation of subcortical and cortical centers, while transcranial Doppler sonography and SPECT showed an increase of cerebral blood flow and cerebral oxygen supply in normal subjects. Clinical experience and controlled studies confirmed the efficacy of acupuncture in various pain syndroms (tension headache, migraine, trigeminal neuralgia, posttraumatic pain, lumbar syndrome, ischialgia, etc.) and suggest favorable effects in the rehabilitation of peripheral facial nerve palsy and after stroke. Appropriate techniques, hygiene safeguards and knowledge of contra-indications will minimize the risks of rare side effects of acupuncture which represents a valuable adjunction to the treatment repertoire in modern neurology. There is sufficient evidence of acupuncture to expand its use into conventional medicine and to encourage further studies of its pathophysiology and clinical value.
Acupuncture in neurology; Acupuncture is a reflex therapy with the aim of rearranging an imbalance of the organism. Acupuncture is a regulatory therapy. At first, there have to be diagnosis and indication according to the rules of western modern medicine. With that, we carry on with a standard program and standard exciting needle technique. We will report about acupuncture in neurology in three chapters: neuroorthopedics, neuropsychiatry and somatopsychic diseases.
Clinical study of Bell's palsy accompanied by diabetes mellitus - Comparison of steroid therapy and lipo-PGE1 in previously untreated patients; This study was designed to compare large dose steroid therapy and lipo-PGE1 therapy in 22 previously untreated patients with Bell's palsy accompanied by diabetes mellitus. Thirteen patients were treated with large dose steroid therapy, while the remaining 9 were treated with lipo-PGE1 therapy. No significant differences in patient backgrounds, such as age, sex, and the side of palsy, were present between the two treatment groups. Furthermore, no significant differences in the mean palsy score at the time of presentation or at the time of aggravation were present between the two groups. Cumulative recovery rates after treatment did not differ significantly at 4 weeks or at 2 and 6 months between the two groups, nor were there any differences in the therapeutic outcomes between the groups. Fasting blood glucose levels during the period of treatment were elevated in all 13 patients receiving steroids, but not in the lipo-PGE1 group. Diabetes mellitus was also aggravated in the steroid group, but not in the lipo-PGE1 group. These findings indicate that lipo-PGE1 therapy improves the blood flow to facial nerves, promoting recovery from Bell's palsy. Furthermore, lipo-PGE1 therapy is useful for the treatment of Bell's palsy accompanied by diabetes mellitus because it has the same recovery rate as that of large dose steroid therapy, but it does not aggravate diabetes mellitus.
Facial paralysis secondary to acute otitis media; We describe a case of facial paralysis in a 19-month-old male recently diagnosed with acute otitis media. Results of his physical examination was remarkable for left-sided peripheral facial nerve palsy with an associated middle ear infection. Physicians should understand the etiology, pathophysiology, treatment options, and prognosis of facial palsy in association with otitis media.
Facial nerve palsy following intra-oral surgery performed with local anaesthesia; The precise cause of Bell's palsy remains unclear. A variety of mechanisms have been linked to this palsy, including viral re-activation, demyelination, oedema, vasospasm and trauma. A link with dental treatment has been suggested previously, and a series of seven cases of facial nerve palsy following intra-oral surgery are reported. All of the patients had local anaesthetic solution containing adrenaline as the vasoconstrictor administered. There may be under-reporting of this association, as patients with facial nerve palsy are treated by specialists from several disciplines, not only maxillofacial surgeons. An association with local anaesthesia administered to permit dental treatment would have important medicolegal consequences, and perhaps go some way to explaining the pathophysiology of Bell's palsy.
Experience with extraoral masseter muscle transposition in chronic facial paralysis; In the case of aged patients with chronic facial palsy with severe muscular atrophy, muscle transposition is a good alternative in order to supply some form of movement. The masseter muscle may be transposed through either an intra- or extraoral approach. In the extraoral technique, most of the surgical details have been well documented, except the relationships between the masseter muscle and the parotid duct. Considering the anatomic direction of the parotid duct, a perfect axis of traction is available in order to lift both lips and the buccal commissure. Ten cases of extraoral masseter muscle transposition above the parotid duct were analyzed. Complete facial paralysis resulted from tumor extirpation (seven cases), arteriovenous malformation (two cases) or trauma (one case). The patients' ages ranged from 47 to 76 years with a median age of 60 years; seven patients were female and three male. The duration of the palsy prior to the muscle transposition, ranged from 8 months to 18 years. The overall results were satisfactory in nine cases. Extraoral masseter muscle transposition is particularly attractive as a primary procedure, because of its efficiency in elderly patients with long-standing facial palsy. As a secondary procedure, masseter transposition may be considered as good an alternative for rehabilitation, when other reconstructive techniques have failed.
Sarcoidosis presenting with facial palsy and uveitis; A 43-year-old woman presented with peripheral facial palsy and bilateral anterior uveitis. The diagnosis of sarcoidosis was established by an elevated serum angiotensin-converting enzyme level, hilar adenopathy on chest x-ray film, restrictive ventilatory impairment on pulmonary function testing, and a transbronchial biopsy specimen showing noncaseating epithelioid granulomas with Langhans giant cells. A complete ophthalmic examination is important in patients with peripheral facial palsies to search for signs of systemic disease.
Long-term outcome of autologous fat transplantation in aesthetic facial recontouring. Sixteen years of experience with 1936 cases; Fat grafts have become an important and necessary procedure in the field of plastic surgery. The author presents experiences with two types of patients: older people with thin facial soft tissues, in whom the combination of lifting and lipoinjection gives good results; and patients with progressive hemifacial atrophy caused by Parry-Romberg's syndrome in whom normal or almost normal facial contour can be achieved. The longterm survival of fat grafts is presented. This procedure has been used by the author for the past 16 years.
Facial palsy, enhancement of cranial nerves and Lyme disease; Lyme disease involves multiple organ systems including in 10-15 % of cases, the nervous system. Cranial neuropathies are observed in the second stage of the disease. The facial nerve is the most frequently affected nerve (20-30%). Facial nerve enhancement may be associated with cochleovestibular nerve abnormalities and can mimick an intracanalicular pseudomass. We present post-gadolinium enhancement of multiple cranial nerves associated to an intracanicular enhancement illustrated in a patient referred for a facial nerve palsy and presenting a Lyme disease. We discuss the differential diagnosis.
Two cases of the epidermoid on the petrous bone; Epidermoids known as cholesteatomas, are congenital benign tumors and originate in the embryonic ectoderm. They account for 1.3% of all intracranial tumors. They are often found in the cerebellopontine angle and the paraseller region, but rarely in the petrous portion of the temporal bone. Epidermoids of the petrous bone tend to slowly present progressive facial palsy and hearing disturbance. In this article, two cases of epidermoids involving the petrous bone are reported. A 55-year-old male presented left facial palsy, left hearing disturbance and decreased gustation in the left side of the tongue. MRI revealed a non-enhanced mass on the petrous portion of the left temporal bone, and bone-window CT showed bone destruction in the same region (Case 1). A 71-year-old female was aware of left facial palsy and left hearing loss for 15 years. MRI showed a non-enhanced mass on the petrous bone, and bone-window CT demonstrated extensive bone erosion of the petrous bone and the middle cranial fossa (Case 2). In both cases, total removal was performed via the middle cranial fossa approach. Both tumors existed extradurally and had pressed against the genicurate ganglion of the facial nerve. The facial palsy of the former case recovered 12 months after surgery. We discuss the problems of diagnosis and treatment of epidermoids of the petrous bone.
Cysticercosis of the cerebellopontine angle: treatment with single-dose praziquantel; INTRODUCTION: Praziquantel has not been considered useful for therapy of subarachnoid cysticercosis. However, recent studies suggest that the introduction of a new regimen of praziquantel therapy, that includes the administration of higher doses of the drug at shorter intervals, may improve pharmacokinetic properties of praziquantel and increase its efficacy in this form of the disease. CLINICAL CASE: A 28 year-old woman presented with a six month history of headache, vomiting, nystagmus, right peripheral facial palsy, and left hemiparesis. Computerized tomography (CT) scan of the head revealed a large cysticercus in the right cerebellopontine angle cistern compressing the brain-stem. She was treated with praziquantel 100 mg/kg in three divided doses at two hours apart. Thereafter, she received three 8 mg doses of intravenous dexamethasone given 6, 24 and 48 hours after the last dose of praziquantel. She improved after therapy, with total resolution of hemiparesis. Control CT showed progressive reduction and size and further disappearance of the cystic lesions three months later. CONCLUSION: This single-dose regimen of praziquantel seems to be effective for therapy of subarachnoid cysticercosis. Further studies with a large number of patients are needed to confirm the efficacy of the drug in this form of the disease.
An experimental study on physiotherapy for traumatic facial nerve injury; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of electric stimulation, iontophoresis and electric stimulation with iontophoresis therapy in treating traumatic facial nerve injury. METHODS: Fifty rabbits were used. All right buccal branch of facial nerve were injured. The rabbits were randomly divided into five groups and treated by different stimulation pattern: (a) electric stimulation group; (b) iontophoresis group; (c) iontophoresis with electric stimulation group; (d) routine therapy group; (e) control group. The histologic morphology, quantitative indices of nerve fibers and electroneurography(ENoG) indices were analyzed. RESULTS: (a) Iontophoresis with Vitamin B1 and Vitamin B12 improved the regeneration of facial nerve myelin sheath. And had the best effect among these groups. (b) Electric stimulation had great effect on axon regeneration. (c) The group of electric stimulation with iontophoresis therapy had the best comprehensive effect on the nerve injury. CONCLUSIONS: Both electric stimulation and iontophoresis have good effects on nerve regeneration, when they are used in combination, the best comprehensive effect will be expected.
Neurofibromatosis type 2. Preliminary results of gamma knife radiosurgery of vestibular schwannomas; Background and purpose. - The aim of this study was to assess tolerance and efficacy of gamma knife radio-surgery on vestibular schwannomas for patients affected with neurofibromatosis type 2. Methods. - Between July 1992 and December 1997, a gamma knife procedure was performed on 35 vestibular schwannomas affecting 27 patients (12 females and 15 males, mean age = 27 years-old, range: 14-65). Fifteen of the patients were included in the Wishart subtype (severe form) and 12 patients in the Gardner subtype (mild form). This group of 27 patients represented 8,2 % of the total group of vestibular schwannomas radiosurgically treated by our team. The mean tumor volume was 4 000 mm3 (range: 400-14 400 mm3) and staging according to Koos classification was 9 stade 2 tumors (extension in the cerebellopontine angle), 19 stade 3 tumors (in contact with the brain stem or cerebellum) and 7 stade 4 tumors (compression of axial structures). The delivered mean marginal dose (50 % isodose) was 13 Gy (range: 10-18 Gy). After the treatment, the mean clinical and radiological follow-up was 32 months (range: 6-70). Results. - Twenty six (74 %) of the treated tumors were controlled by the treatment (15 stabilisations and 11 regressions of the tumor volume) at last follow-up. One microsurgical removal was required in a growing stade 4 tumor and in 2 cases of growing stade 3 tumors. Three post-radiosurgical facial nerve deficits (9 %) were observed, 2 of them were transient. According to the Gardner and Robertson classification, classes I (good) and II (serviceable) hearing were preserved at last follow-up in 57 % of the patients having the same hearing level prior to the gamma knife. Conclusions. - Our experience confirms that tolerance of gamma knife radiosurgery compares favorably with microsurgery of bilateral vestibular schwannomas. This treatment should be restricted to small and medium growing tumors. Treatment strategy of neurofibromatosis type 2 patients should be planned by multidisciplinary experienced teams disposing of the whole armamentarium. A longer follow-up study is required to confirm the current results regarding the tumor control rate.
A review of facial nerve outcome in 100 consecutive cases of acoustic tumor surgery; Objective: To determine the facial nerve outcomes at a tertiary neurotological referral center specializing in acoustic neuroma and skull base surgery. Study Design: Retrospective review of 100 consecutive patients in whom acoustic neuromas were removed using all of the standard surgical approaches. Methods: Functional facial nerve outcomes were independently assessed using the House-Brackmann facial nerve grading system. Results: The tumors were categorized as small, medium, large, and giant. If one excludes the three patients with preoperative facial palsies, 100% of the small tumors, 98.6% of the medium tumors, 100% of the large tumors, and 71% of the giant tumors had facial nerve function grade I-II/VI after surgery. Conclusion: Facial nerve results from alternative nonsurgical treatments must be compared with facial nerve outcomes from experienced surgical centers. Based on the facial nerve outcomes from our 100 consecutive patients, microsurgical resection remains the preferred treatment modality for acoustic tumors.
Oral manifestations in pediatric patients with oncologic pathology; Oral complications often result from neoplastic diseases and their treatment, compromising the general condition of the patient. Objectives: The objective of this study was to register the most frequent oral manifestations in pediatric patients undergoing oncologic treatment. Study design: A descriptive study of the oral lesions registered in hospitalized patients from the Oncohematology Unit of the Pediatric Service of the Regional Hospital of Concepcion, Chile, during a period of two years, was carried out. The diagnosis was made based on a clinical examination done once a week, with artificial light, and always by the same clinician. Data were registered in personal data cards. Hard tissue pathology was excluded. From a total of 127 patients, 59% were male and 41% female. The age range was between five months and sixteen years of age. 57% of all patients had leukemia or lymphomas, and 43% other malignancies. Results: 65% of all patients developed some kind of oral pathology. The patients exhibiting more of these pathologies were those carrying acute myeloid leukemia (95%), followed by lymphomas (73%) and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (71%). The pathology showing more episodes was candidiasis (38%), followed by mucositis (19%), herpetic lesions (14%) and hemorrhagic disorders (10%). Candidiasis, herpetic lesions and hemorrhagic disorders appeared more frequently in patients with acute myeloid leukemia, and mucositis in patients with lymphomas. Conclusions: With these data it can be concluded that the integration of the dentist to the oncologic medical team is mandatory in order to achieve an integral treatment for the patient.
Complications following anterior approaches to the cervical spine. Review of 535 surgical procedures; The authors present a retrospective study of 535 consecutive anterior approaches to the cervical spine back to 5 years. The data were analyzed for post-operative complications. This surgical procedure has been commonly used for more than 40 years, but the post-operative complications due to the anterior approach itself were presented with few accompanying statistics, with various and contradictory results. Injury to nearly all of the structures has been reported in the literature, the more frequent problems are hoarseness and dysphagia; other complications include perforation of the oesophagus, hematomas, vascular injury... Analysis of this data allows to understand better the specific problems related to this surgical approach, and to suggest precautions at each stage of the course of exposure of cervical vertebrae.
Vagal nerve stimulation in children; Vagal nerve stimulation is a new therapeutic option for patients with medically refractory epilepsy. The FDA approved the NeuroCybernetic Prosthesis (NCP) in July 1997 for use in adults and adolescents over the age of 12 years with medically refractory epilepsy. Most of the patients in the initial pilot studies and subsequent extended longitudinal and randomized controlled studies were adults. There were small numbers of children who received the NCP system. However, these were not part of controlled studies. As the system has had greater exposure in the United States and Europe, there are more children who are receiving vagal nerve stimulation (VNS). Initial data from open-label, uncontrolled studies suggest that VNS does have some efficacy and safety for those children with refractory epilepsy who have not responded to appropriate trials of antiepileptic drugs. The questions to be asked and answered are as follows: (1) When is a child medically refractory? (2) What are the criteria for selection for VNS? (3) Which seizure types or syndromes will benefit most from the treatment? and (4) What are the most effective and safe stimulation parameters, and do these vary depending on the seizure type? Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Effects of testosterone on a cross-facial nerve graft model; A cross-facial nerve graft (CFNG) can be used to restore the blink reflex following facial paralysis. However, the efficacy of a CFNG depends on the ability of regenerating axons to breach two nerve coaptations and reinnevate endplates in denervated muscle. The neurons involved, facial motor neurons, are androgen-dependent. Testosterone enhances facial-nerve regeneration and accelerates blink-reflex recovery following nerve crush. The current study tested the hypothesis that testosterone administered to castrated or normal adult male rats would enhance axonal regeneration through a CFNG, and thereby enhance recovery of the blink reflex. To test this hypothesis, 20 adult male rats were randomly assigned to four groups, (1) normal, intact; (2) castrated; (3) castrated with testosterone proprionate (TP) administration; and (4) normal, intact with TP. Each rat underwent transection of the left facial nerve, and a CFNG using the saphenous nerve as an interpositional graft, with coaptations to the ipsilateral and contralateral zygomatic branches, was carried out. Assessments included return of blink reflex, electrophysiology, quantification of motor endplates, and axonal numbers. The data from the blink reflex evaluation, the electrophysiologic assessment, and the endplate quantification suggested that TP may have an effect on regeneration through a CFNG, but that the differences between groups were not statistically significant. In contrast, exogenously administered TP significantly enhanced the number of axons that entered the nerve graft. These data suggest that pharmacologic doses of testosterone may enhance recovery following a CFNG.
Our experience with surgical dissection of the facial nerve in parotid gland tumours. (A preliminary report).; Conservative parotidectomy is a primary method in the surgical treatment of parotid gland tumours. The classic parotid gland surgery uses the styloid process as a landmark for dissection of the facial nerve. The anatomical variations of the styloid process, however, prevent it from being always used as a reference landmark in this operative approach. This requires finding reliable invariable anatomical landmarks to be applied in the facial nerve dissection. The author presents his experience from the surgical treatment of 37 patients (25 females and 12 males) with tumours of the parotid gland. Adenoma was verified in 31 patients and 6 patients had a low malignancy carcinoma stage I. The mean age of the patients was 52 +/- 2.4 years. Conservative parotidectomy was performed in 28 patients (75.67%) and lateral parotidectomy in 9 patients (24.32%). The insertion of the posterior belly of digastric muscle on the mastoid process and tympanomastoid fissure were the primary landmarks used in the conservative parotidectomy. The proposed surgical technique was assessed as more reliable and less traumatic. Transient paralysis of the facial nerve occurred in 7 patients (18.9%) and subsided without treatment within 6-8 months. Based on his experience the author finds these anatomical landmarks easily recognizable and reliable start-points in facial nerve dissection that reduce the risk of traumatic injury of the facial nerve.
Impact of facial paralysis on patients with acoustic neuroma; Objective: To assess the psychological distress, the ways of coping with that stress, and the self-esteem of patients with facial paralysis after acoustic neuroma surgery. Possible predictors and associations between these measures were also explored. Study Design: Four validated questionnaires were completed by patients with facial paralysis after acoustic neuroma surgery: 1) the Derriford Appearance Scale (DAS) to measure psychological distress, 2) the COPE questionnaire to measure how patients cope with facial paralysis, 3) the Personal Report questionnaire to measure the self-esteem of patients, and 4) the Facial Paralysis Questionnaire (FPQ) to measure the severity of facial paralysis. Patients: One hundred three patients with facial paralysis after surgical removal of acoustic tumors. Results: Distress spanned a wide range in these patients. There was no statistically significant association between the level of distress and the grade of facial paralysis or between time since operation and levels of distress. Women had higher levels of distress (P = .02) and a significant negative correlation was found between levels of distress and age (r = -0.28, P = .005). High levels of distress were associated with low levels of self-esteem, as shown by the significant negative correlation between level of distress and self-esteem (r = -0.59, P = .01). A significant correlation between distress and maladaptive coping (r = 0.31, P = .002) was also found. Stepwise multiple regression of the distress scores revealed that self-esteem was the most important contributing factor (standardized coefficient β -0.60, P = .0001), followed by age (β -0.24, P = .006) and sex (β -0.21, P = .04). This model explained 44% of the distress variance. Conclusion: Clinicians must be aware of the distress felt by some patients experiencing facial palsy after acoustic neuroma surgery and that the level of distress may not be related to the clinical grade of the facial nerve paralysis. People with low self-esteem, young people, and women suffer from more distress due to the facial palsy. Clinicians should thoroughly counsel patients before and after surgery and should implement measures that increase patients' self-esteem and decrease their distress, especially in these high-risk groups.
An analysis of facial nerve function in irradiated and unirradiated facial nerve grafts; Purpose: The effect of high-dose radiation therapy on facial nerve grafts is controversial. Some authors believe radiotherapy is so detrimental to the outcome of facial nerve graft function that dynamic or static slings should be performed instead of facial nerve grafts in all patients who are to receive postoperative radiation therapy. Unfortunately, the facial function achieved with dynamic and static slings is almost always inferior to that after facial nerve grafts. In this retrospective study, we compared facial nerve function in irradiated and unirradiated nerve grafts. Methods and Materials: The medical records of 818 patients with neoplasms involving the parotid gland who received treatment between 1974 and 1997 were reviewed, of whom 66 underwent facial nerve grafting. Fourteen patients who died or had a recurrence less than a year after their facial nerve graft were excluded. The median follow-up for the remaining 52 patients was 10.6 years. Cable nerve grafts were performed in 50 patients and direct anastomoses of the facial nerve in two. Facial nerve function was scored by means of the House- Brackmann (H-B) facial grading system. Twenty-eight of the 52 patients received postoperative radiotherapy. The median time from nerve grafting to start of radiotherapy was 5.1 weeks. The median and mean doses of radiation were 6000 and 6033 cGy, respectively, for the irradiated grafts. One patient received preoperative radiotherapy to a total dose of 5000 cGy in 25 fractions and underwent surgery 1 month after the completion of radiotherapy. This patient was placed, by convention, in the irradiated facial nerve graft cohort. Results: Potential prognostic factors for facial nerve function such as age, gender, extent of surgery at the time of nerve grafting, preoperative facial nerve palsy, duration of preoperative palsy if present, or number of previous operations in the parotid bed were relatively well balanced between irradiated and unirradiated patients. However, the irradiated graft group had a greater proportion of patients with pathologic evidence of nerve invasion (p = 0.007) and unfavorable type of nerve graft (p = 0.04). Although the irradiated graft cohort had more potentially negative prognostic factors, there was no difference in functional outcome (H-B Grade III or IV) between irradiated and unirradiated graft patients. H-B Grades III, IV, V, and VI were the best postoperative facial nerve functions achieved in 35%, 39%, 13%, and 13% of patients, respectively. The patient with preoperative radiotherapy never recovered any facial nerve function (H-B Grade VI). Median time to best facial nerve function after surgery was longer in the irradiated patients (13.1 vs. 10.8 months), but this was not statistically significant (p = 0.10). Presence of preoperative facial nerve palsy (p = 0.005), duration of preoperative palsy (p = 0.003), and age greater than 60 years at the time of grafting (p = 0.04) were all negative prognostic factors for achieving a functional facial nerve on univariate analysis. Analysis of age as a continuous variable (p = 0.12) and pathologic evidence of nerve invasion (p = 0.1) revealed a trend toward negative prognostic factors. Gender, number of previous operations in the parotid bed, extent of surgery at the time of nerve grafting, and type of grafting procedure were not significant prognostic factors. Whether radiotherapy was delivered less than 6 weeks after nerve grafting or more than 6 weeks had no impact on achievement of a functional facial nerve. Conclusion: Negative prognostic factors for achieving a functional facial nerve in our series include the presence of preoperative facial nerve palsy, duration of preoperative palsy, and age greater than 60 years. Radiotherapy was not a negative prognostic factor. Comparing irradiated and unirradiated grafts revealed no difference in best facial nerve function achieved, despite the presence of a greater proportion of negative prognostic factors in the irradiated group. Therefore, planned postoperative radiation therapy is not a contraindication to facial nerve grafting. Consideration for regeneration of the facial nerve should not influence the timing of postoperative radiotherapy, because early initiation of radiotherapy after facial nerve grafting did not have a deleterious effect on facial nerve function. However, the time required to attain best facial nerve function postoperatively may be slightly longer in irradiated patients. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
Early perioperative use of polytef suspension for the management of facial paralysis after extirpative skull base surgery.; BACKGROUND: The satisfactory management of facial paralysis after extirpative skull base surgery has been notoriously difficult.To optimize physical and psychological recovery, early perioperative use of polytef (polytetrafluoroethylene [PTFE]) facial suspension has been used in patients with either profound electrophysiological or anatomical disruption of the facial nerve. OBJECTIVE: To review the efficacy of this clinical algorithm. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective medical record review. SETTING: Tertiary care University Hospital Inc, University of Cincinnati College of Medicine, Cincinnati, Ohio. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Medical records review of 32 patients who underwent lateral skull base surgery with resultant facial paralysis who had facial rehabilitation using polytef suspension. RESULTS: All patients who underwent polytef facial suspension reported improvement in both facial function as well as aesthetics. One patient had a late extrusion of the polytef implant. CONCLUSION: The early peri-extirpative application of this technique provides psychological and physical support to patients with facial paralysis who are recovering from lateral skull base surgery. Arch Facial Plast Surg. 2000;2:243-248
Fetal complications associated with unsuccessful attempts at termination of pregnancy; Background: Two different methods are in use for induction of abortion: either dilation and curettage (D and C) or medical termination with antigestagens and/or prostaglandins. The risk of continuing pregnancy after D and C ranges from 0.023 to 1 % and is inversely correlated with gestational age. Methods and Results: Several authors reported fetal anomalies (limb and oro-facial defects) in such cases. For the medical induction of abortion a combination of Mifepristone and Misoprostole is the treatment of choice in order to reduce the risk of ongoing pregnancy. Using single drug therapy carries an increased risk of failure and of subsequent fetal anomaly. There seems to be an increased incidence of limb defects and Mobius' syndrome in fetuses born after failed termination of pregnancy, but normal fetal development is entirely possible. Conclusion/Discussion: The patients concerned must be informed in detail of the risks and probable consequences which must be included in the counselling concept of the treating gynaecologist.
Early diagnosis of zoster sine herpete and antiviral therapy for the treatment of facial palsy; The effect of antiviral agents on recovery from facial palsy in patients with zoster sine herpete (ZSH; varicella zoster virus reactivation without zoster) has not been evaluated because ZSH is difficult to diagnose early after onset. In this study, all 13 patients who received acyclovir-prednisone treatment within 7 days of onset, as confirmed by a positive PCR result, showed complete recovery. PCR-based early diagnosis of ZSH and antiviral therapy elicited an excellent outcome for recovery from facial palsy due to ZSH.
Free flaps for head and neck reconstruction in non-oncological patients: Experience of 200 cases; Two hundred free flaps for reconstructing the head and neck regions in 192 patients with non-oncological pathology were studied. Pathological entities included Romberg's disease, hemifacial microsomia, acquired facial palsy, trauma, and burn sequelae. Indications for selecting a specific free flap for reconstructing each case, details of anastomoses, reexploration, flap success, operative time, length of hospitalization, and complications were studied. The long-term results of cosmetic and function were also obtained. Patient age ranged from 6 to 40 years. The most common diagnosis was Romberg's disease 39% (n = 75), followed by hemifacial microsomia 20% (n = 40). The free flap most frequently used was the scapular 32% (n = 64), followed by the groin free flap 21% (n = 42). A total of 190 flaps (95%) were successful, whereas only 10 (5%) were lost. The mean operative time was 5:30 h and the average hospital stay was only 6 days. There were no major complications and no deaths in the study group. The patients were followed for at least 1 year in all cases. It is concluded that free flaps are safe and reliable procedures for reconstructing complex head and neck non-oncological defects. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Surgical complications with open treatment of mandibular condylar process fractures; Purpose: This study assessed the surgical complications after open treatment for fractures of the mandibular condylar process. Patients and Methods: A total of 178 patients with unilateral fractures of the mandibular condylar process, 85 treated closed and 93 treated open, were included in this study. A tabulation of surgical findings and intraoperative and postoperative complications was prospectively performed. Standardized animating facial photographs were obtained at several postsurgical intervals and were examined and scored by a prosthodontist and an orthodontist for signs of facial nerve palsy and the quality of the surgical scar. Standard statistical methods were used to assess differences between open and closed treatment groups. Results: There were very few intraoperative or postoperative complications. At the 6-week point, 17.2% of patients treated open had some weakness of their facial nerve. This had resolved by 6 months. The scars were judged either wide or hypertrophic in 7.5% of cases. Conclusions: Based on this study, surgical complications of open treatment of condylar process fractures that lead to permanent dysfunction or deformity are uncommon. (C) 2000 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons.
Fisher's one and half syndrome with facial palsy as clinical presentation of giant cell temporal arteritis; An ischemic stroke in an old patient is commonly due to thrombosis or embolism. A restriction in the differential diagnosis and not considering another etiology could occasion the loss of effective therapy and prevent major complications. We report the case of a patient who suffering from systemic symptoms for a few months, was admitted to the hospital with the one and a half syndrome described by Fisher, together with right facial palsy, both products of an ischemic pontine lesion. Bilateral biopsies of the temporal arteries were diagnostic of temporal arteritis and MRN of the cranium confirmed multiple ischemic lesions involving the pons. In conclusion, the diverse clinical presentations of temporal arteritis oblige us to consider it among the etiological options in older patients with neurological signs affecting the vertebral-basilar system, accompanied by systemic signs and symptoms and a high VSG. To avoid anterior ischemic optic neuropathy and other complications a quick diagnosis and treatment are necessary.
Infusion therapy for acute idiopathic peripheral facial palsy. Results of 334 cases; Antiphlogistic-rheologic infusion therapy is a widespread and well-established treatment modality for acute idiopathic facial paralysis (AIFP) in many German centers of otorhinolaryngology. However, there is still a lack of convincing data concerning this regimen's functional results and side effects. The medical records of 344 patients who were treated for AIFP between 1987 and 1997 were analyzed retrospectively. In 239 cases there was reliable information on functional outcome. Therapy consisted uniformly of intravenous infusion with prednisolone (250 mg initially, then tapering over 18 days) and simultaneous administration of dextran and pentoxifylline. From 239 patients with non-recurrent palsy having received treatment within 12 days after onset, 92.1% recovered completely without sequelae. In case of incomplete palsy (House-Brackmann grade II-V), normal facial function was restored in 97.7% of cases. Results were significantly better in the group in which therapy had been started within 3 days after onset of palsy. Adverse effects occurred rarely and were transient and mild in most cases. High-dose prednisolone in combination with low-molecular dextran and pentoxifylline for AIFP is a safe treatment modality leading to recovery rates superior to the most optimistic observations of the natural course of Bell's palsy. In the absence of a definitive controlled trial, the present study, although retrospective, is considered valid to show the effectiveness of our protocol. In the light of our data and of other publications, early treatment with corticosteroids in sufficient dosage seems appropriate, while therapeutic nihilism in AIFP does not seem justified.
Clinical diagnosis of salivary gland sarcoidosis (Heerfordt syndrome); Sarcoidosis, a systemic granulomatous disease of unknown cause, may involve any body organ. The most common manifestation in the head-neck area is lymphnode sarcoidosis or, alternatively, Heerfordt's syndrome (with involvement of lacrimal and parotid gland and possible facial palsy). Far less common is a isolated laryngeal sarcoidosis. The typical histopathological appearance proves the diagnosis. However, obtaining representative and sufficent biopsy material in some cases may carry risks for the patients or might technically be difficult. In these cases, the clinician can fall back on two other, noninvasive diagnostic procedures: ACE level activity determination in blood serum and 67gallium citrate scintigraphy. Elevated ACE levels in combination with a positive 67gallium scintigraphy have a specificity (combined) of 99%. As a valuable side effect, this procedure sensitively may discover additional disease in the body and also serves well as a therapy-control examination. The presented case report shows clearly that these clinical methods, if combined, are sufficient for diagnosis of Heerfordt's syndrome/sarcoidosis; no additional histopathological examination is required.
Treatment of facial paralysis and depression deformity after the resection of a tumor in the parotid region; Tumors in the parotid region often involve facial nerve branches and wide resection usually results in severe depression deformity and, therefore, facial paralysis. The free flap offers a good reconstructive option, achieving good contour as well as facial animation. In primary reconstruction, a free rectus abdominis musculocutaneous flap with a sural nerve graft is a good procedure. In secondary reconstruction, micro-neurovascular free muscle transfer seems necessary when the mimetic muscles develop irreversible atrophy. Restoration of facial nerve function as well as facial contour would be the key points to achieving a good quality of life for the patients who undergo wide resection of cheek-tumors.
Experience with temporalis muscle transfer for dynamic reanimation of paralyzed face in long-standing cases of facial palsy; Paralysis of facial nerve leads to a severe deformity which seriously handicaps the patients, both aesthetically and functionally. Anderson's modification of Gilles' technique involves the use of ipsilateral temporalis muscle lengthened by the slips of its overlying temporalis fascia to restore function and rehabilitate the patient with typical deformity. A total of 28 patients underwent facial reanimation with this technique at the Department of Plastic Surgery, Mayo Hospital, Lahore from January 1990 to June 1998. The mean age was 23.25 years and mean duration of facial palsy was 14.5 years at the time of presentation. The results were evaluated in terms of aesthetic and functional improvement. The aesthetic appearance of eye was excellent in 3 patients, good in 23 patients. Functional recovery was excellent in 15 patients, good in 12 patients and satisfactory in one patient. Aesthetic improvement in the region of cheek and oral sphincter was excellent in 4 patients, good in 17 patients, satisfactory in 5 patients and poor in 2 patients. Functional gain in this region showed excellent results in 7, good in 15, satisfactory in 5 patients and poor in one patient. The results reaffirm the role of dynamic reanimation, in long standing cases of facial palsy, by temporalis muscle transfer.
Perineurium contributes to axonal damage in acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy; Objectives: To assess if axonal damage in severe acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (AIDP) correlates with the appearance of epiperineurium in nerve trunks. Background: Increase of endoneurial fluid pressure in nerve trunks possessing epiperineurium may be an important mechanism of axonal damage in AIDP. Methods: A 79-year-old man had a 2-day history of acroparesthesias and ascending paralysis culminating in quadriplegia, bilateral facial palsy, and mechanical ventilation. Five intravenous immunoglobulin cycles were given without response. He died on day 60. Electrophysiologic studies (days 4, 17, and 50) initially showed normal nerve conduction velocities with further slowing, progressive attenuation of compound muscle action potentials, and profuse denervation. The authors studied the preforaminal anterior and posterior L3 and L5 spinal roots, third and fifth lumbar nerves and their branches, and femoral and sural nerves. Results: Density of myelinated fibers was preserved in L5 ventral and dorsal roots and reduced in sural nerve. Mild de-remyelination was observed in lumbar roots. In both lumbar nerves and their branches, there were extensive de-remyelination and centrofascicular or wedge-shaped areas with marked loss of large myelinated fibers. Axonal degeneration was the predominant lesion in sural nerve. Conclusion: The presence of epiperineurium correlates with a drastic change of pathology with superimposed ischemic lesions and distally accentuated axonal loss, suggesting that endoneurial fluid pressure increase could cause axonal damage in AIDP.
A case of cerebral toxoplasmosis; A histopathologically proven case of cerebral toxoplasmosis in a young HIV positive patient has been presented. The clinical problems in management are highlighted.
Facial nerve palsy and Kawasaki disease; We report on a case of facial nerve palsy associated with Kawasaki disease in a 2-year-old boy. Facial nerve palsy is one of the rare neurological manifestations of Kawasaki disease. Twenty-seven other cases that have been reported in the literature are reviewed. There is a high incidence of coronary artery aneurysm (52%) and a female predilection in patients with Kawasaki disease. The facial palsy associated with the disease is self-limiting. Recovery is spontaneous in surviving patients, although the use of intravenous immunoglobulin may be able to hasten the recovery.
Lymphoma in the ear; Background: Malignant tumors of the ear are rare. The most common malignant tumors are squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas. Lymphoma in the ear is rare. Methods: We report 2 cases of a primary presentation of a lymphoma of the ear. The literature since 1947 is reviewed. Results: An 83- year-old woman with an anaplastic large cell lymphoma of the skin of the external auditory meatus and a 75-year-old man with a B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of the mastoid process are presented. The literature review shows that only 16 cases of lymphomas of the ear have been reported so far. Conclusions: In a case of therapy-resistant otitis and/or peripheral facial paralysis malignancy should be excluded by computer tomography of the mastoid. For histopathological diagnosis unfixed specimens are preferable. Uniform treatment of lymphomas of the ear has not been established. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Guillain - Barre' syndrome following recombinant hepatitis B vaccine and literature review; A 17 year-old woman developed progressive quadriparesis with bilateral facial diplegia after immunization with recombinant hepatitis B vaccine 3 days prior. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis revealed acellular fluid with high protein level. The electrodiagnosis was compatible with demyelinating polyneuropathy. Other potential causes of Guillain-Barre' syndrome (GBS) were ruled out. Her motor power gradually improved and returned to normal later. The temporal relationship between GBS and vaccination was suggestive of a vaccine-induced cause. Mechanisms of this very rare complication are proposed with a literature review.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the temporal bone: diagnosis, treatment and prognosis.; Squamous cell carcinoma of the external ear canal is an uncommon condition that is associated with a poor outcome. The development of an accepted staging system has not been forthcoming and this has inhibited the formation of an evidence-based therapeutic protocol. We report the findings in 14 patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the external ear canal treated in our institutions. The most common presenting symptoms were otorrhoea and otalgia. Four patients had a history of chronic ear discharge and one had previous radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Five patients had facial palsy which was a poor prognostic sign. Only one patient had clinical neck disease. Pre-operative imaging with CT or MRI scans was accurate in determining the extent of tumour involvement. The initial T-staging relied heavily on these findings. With combination treatment involving surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy, disease free survival achieved was 69% (9 of 13) over a mean follow-up period of 24.7 months. One patient absconded treatment. Patients with early stage tumours faired better than patients with advanced tumours (100% vs 33%). There was low incidence of involvement of the parotid gland (1 of 7 patients). Patients with facial nerve involvement had a significantly poorer outcome (p = 0.035).
Ramsay Hunt syndrome in children; In a retrospective study, 52 children were diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt syndrome. The facial palsy was milder and complete recovery of the function was achieved in 78.6% of patients. Associated cranial neuropathies were less common in children than in adults. The timing of vesicle appearance tended to be delayed in children. In preschool children, Ramsay Hunt syndrome was rare, although the frequency has recently increased. The syndrome is relatively common in older children. This study suggested that vaccination can prevent or reduce the occurrence of Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
The peculiarities of the facial paralysis in children; On the evaluation in a child with facial paralysis an ENT doctor should follow the same diagnostic procedures as used in adults, but will find great difficulties which are related with children inability to co-operate and also with some etiologic-pathogenic peculiarities which are typical on this age. Therefore for a precocious diagnosis it's really important to take a reliable history before the physical examination, which will be carried out with some shrewdness. The facial paralysis in children can be divided into congenital and acquired. Among the acquired paralysis the most frequent is the Bell's idiopathic although is represented in a lower percentage than in adults. Other acquired paralysis are infectious-inflammatory, traumatic or tumor- related paralysis. The proper investigations for assessing facial paralysis in children are not different from adults but, may find the lack of cooperation really inconvenient so often need to sedate them. The surgical treatment of facial paralysis has limited application in children because the presence of congenital forms, so on the time of diagnosis there is already an irreversible compromised function of the nerve.
Neurosarcoidosis diagnosed during pregnancy by thoracoscopic lymph node biopsy: A case report; BACKGROUND: Sarcoidosis is a multiorgan-system granulomatous disease causing respiratory complaints in most patients. Eye involvement, most commonly granulomatous uveitis, is seen in 5% of black patients with sarcoidosis. Neurosarcoidosis is also rare, affecting 5% of patients with sarcoidosis. Thoracoscopic lymph node biopsy in pregnancy has never before been reported. CASE: An otherwise-healthy, 25-year-old woman, gravida 2, para 1001, presented at 25 weeks' gestation with a painful facial palsy and visual defects. Ophthalmologic examination revealed uveitis, and a chest radiograph revealed asymmetric hilar adenopathy. At 28 weeks' gestation, the patient underwent thoracoscopic lymph node biopsy, which confirmed the diagnosis of sarcoidosis. The symptoms were stabilized with therapeutic corticosteroids, and the patient delivered a healthy neonate at term. CONCLUSION: The diagnosis of sarcoidosis remains one of exclusion and requires a high index of suspicion. Tissue confirmation is often necessary, especially when patients have extrathoracic complaints. For patients without other lesions amenable to biopsy, thorascopic lymph node biopsy can be considered despite pregnancy.
Poland-Mobius syndrome and disruption spectrum affecting the face and extremities: A review paper and presentation of five cases; The author summarizes hitherto assembled experience with the clinical and genetic characteristics of Poland's and Mobius syndrome. Five selected case-records with this disease and the sequence of the Poland-Mobius syndrome are presented. Another case-record is devoted to an allied syndrome, hypoglossia-hypodactyly, found in a spontaneously aborted fetus. For establishment of a more accurate symptomatology, an irreplaceable place is held by anthropometric examination; for objectifying the asymmetry of the chest the so-called cyrtogram, the chest circumference recorded by means of a wire, is valuable. From the aspect of genetic counseling, preconception care is always provided to mothers from families with reproductive intentions, as well as ultrasonographic examination of the fetus in areas of assumed acral symptomatology (signaling phenotype). In two families ultrasonography was used for prenatal diagnosis. Invasive prenatal diagnosis by amniocentesis was employed in a family with Mobius syndrome. In these families dermatoglyphs have certain common characteristics, such a tendency towards simple patterns. In the wider family of one of our patients we detected in a cousin Parkes-Weber-Klippel-Trenaunay's syndrome, which may indicate common vascular predisposing factors.
Therapy of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with kenalog; IA case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with major and minor symptoms is presented. Clinical diagnosis was established on the basis of the triad: macrocheilia, lingua plicata and facial paralysis and a number of minor symptoms. The upper lip macrocheilia with palpation evident infiltrates corresponded to the diagnosis of granulomatous cheilitis of the upper lip. The upper lip was of intense red color, with the vermilion border effaced causing a marked cosmetic defect. The predominant subjective symptoms were burning and itching sensations with a reduction of movement of the lip. Clinical examination and palpation revealed three granulations enclosed by fissures. A slight exfoliation of the epithelia with serous exudate was dominant feature. The patient was admitted to the Oral Medicine Department of Dental School in Sarajevo on October 8th 1999 for macrocheilia relapses. The therapy using subcutaneous application of kenalog-40 suspension once a week in duration of five weeks showed substantial improvement. According to the prognostic criteria and the control examinations there were no relapses.
Otitis externa. Diagnosis and treatment in the office; This review article presents the different kinds of external ear infections. Figures help to evaluate the diagnostic considerations which are necessary to choose the right therapy concept for every single patient.
Neuroendoscopy in microvascular decompression for trigeminal neuralgia and hemifacial spasm: Technical note; Microvascular decompression is an effective treatment for trigeminal neuralgia (TN) and hemifacial spasm (HFS). A complete cure cannot be obtained, and additional adjuncts for extended use of endoscopy are needed. The use of an endoscope combined with the operating microscope can enhance the surgeon's ability to view deep structures during operation. We study the application of combined microsurgical and endoscopic techniques in 21 cases of HFS and 12 cases of TN. With these techniques the surgeon can explore the ventral aspect of the brainstem and cranial nerves without further retraction, can see the groove caused by compression of the offending artery, and can confirm the proper position of the prosthesis after attachment to the dura by fibrin glue. In HFS the most common offending vessels in 75% of cases were the posterior inferior cerebellar artery (PICA) and anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) and in 25% of cases the vertebral artery (VA). In trigeminal neuralgia the offending vessel in 60% of cases was the superior cerebellar artery (SCA), and in 40% of cases the AICA. The overall success rate was 97% with minimal morbidity 3% (facial palsy) and no mortality. The aim of this work is to study advantages and disadvantages of using endoscopy during microvascular decompression for TN and HFS.
Tuberculous Otitis Media - Are we missing it?; Tuberculosis of the middle ear is a rare disease. Due to change in the typical clinical pattern and decrease in incidence, there is a delayed or missed diagnosis and can lead to increased morbidity. We present 5 cases of Tuberculous Otitis Media treated over a period of 2 years, highlighting the fact that it must be considered as a differential diagnosis of persistent suppurative otitis media.
The 'ventus'-foramina; This article looks at the 6 'ventus' foramina ('wind points', whose names include the Chinese character feng 'ventus' ('wind'): aula venti, Rg16 ('Assembly hall of the wind', fengfu); stagnum venti, F20 ('Pool of the wind', fengchi); porta ventorum, V12 ('Gate of winds', fengmen); forum ventorum, F31 ('Market place of the winds', feng-shi); pluteus venti, T17 ('Protective screen against the wind', yifeng); continens ventum, IT12 ('Provides for control of the ventus', bing-feng). At first, it gives classical text references which provide a more exact explanation of these names, then it goes into the details of the physiological particularities of 'ventus' foramina ('wind points'): All the foramina are on the yang conduits and are mostly foramina copulo-conventoria ('Points of connection and meeting', jiaohui xue). They are all located on the yang parts of the body, in places where the muscle and the skin are relatively thin and soft, and where their deepest layers reach into important anatomical areas. On the one hand, these are places which are easily accessible to ventus ('wind') heteropathies and, on the other hand, they are important foramina for the expulsion of ventus. This is why, for all illnesses connected with ventus (ventus internus ['internal wind'] and also ventus externus ['external wind']) these 'ventus' foramina can be used as the main foramina or in combination. Above all, in cases of pathological disturbances resulting from ventus externus ('external wind') some of these foramina are indicated, namely, porta ventorum, V12 ('Gate of winds', fengmen), forum ventorum, F31 ('Market place of the winds', fengshi); pluteus venti, T17 ('Protective screen against the wind', yifeng) and continens ventum, IT12 ('Provides for control of the ventus', bingfeng), whereas foramina such as aula venti, Rg16 ('Assembly hall of the wind', fengfu); stagnum venti, F20 ('Pool of wind', fengchi) can be used in the treatment of both ventus externus and ventus internus ('external and internal wind'). In an attempt to specifically dispel ventus and remove occlusiones (bi-syndromes), the appropriate 'ventus' foramina for clinical practice are named in combination with other suitable foramina for the therapy of externally-induced extima ('surface') symptoms, itching, occlusio (bi) pains in the joints, distortion of the eyes and mouth as a result of hemiplegia (facial pareses), dizziness and headaches as well as symptoms induced by vento percussio ('being affected by ventus', apoplexy, zhongfeng) with signs of paralysis.
Risk factors for neurological complications after acoustic neurinoma radiosurgery: Refinement from further experiences; Purpose: Further actuarial analyses of neurological complications were performed on a larger population treated by stereotactic radiosurgery at our institution, to establish the optimal treatment parameters. Methods and Materials: Between June 1990 and September 1998, 138 patients with acoustic neurinomas underwent stereotactic radiosurgery at Tokyo University Hospital. Of these, 125 patients who received medical follow-up for 6 months or more entered the present study. Patient ages ranged from 13 to 77 years (median, 53 years). Average tumor diameter ranged from 6.7 to 25.4 mm (mean, 13.9 mm). Maximum tumor doses ranged from 20 to 40 Gy (mean, 29.8 Gy) and peripheral doses from 12 to 25 Gy (mean, 15.4 Gy). One to 12 isocenters were used (median, 4). Follow-up period ranged from 6 to 104 months (median, 37 months). The potential risk factors for neurological complications were analyzed by two univariate and one multivariate actuarial analyses. Neurological complications examined include hearing loss, facial palsy, and trigeminal nerve dysfunction. Variables included in the analyses were four demographic variables, two variables concerning tumor dimensions, and four variables concerning treatment parameters. A variable with significant p values (p < 0.05) on all three actuarial analyses was considered a risk factor. Results: The variables that had significant correlation to increasing the risk for each neurological complication were: Neurofibromatosis Type 2 (NF2) for both total hearing loss and pure tone threshold (PTA) elevation; history of prior surgical resection, tumor size, and the peripheral tumor dose for facial palsy; and the peripheral tumor dose and gender (being female) for trigeminal neuropathy. In facial palsies caused by radiosurgery, discrepancy between the course of palsy and electrophysiological responses was noted. Conclusion: Risk factors for neurological complications seem to have been almost established, without large differences between institutions treating a large number of patients by radiosurgery. Radiosurgical doses and tumor dimensions were considered the two important risk factors for the 7th and 5th nerve injuries. Neurofibromatosis Type 2 was an important factor for hearing loss. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
Revascularized muscle transfer for facial reanimation after long-standing facial paralysis; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the results of a group of patients who had received free vascularized muscle transfer to the face for the treatment of long-standing facial paralysis. In 15 patients, neurovascular transfer of 16 segments of the gracilis muscle to the cheek was performed for reanimation of oral commissure movement. Voluntary muscle activation was evaluated by electromyography (EMG) and clinical function was assessed both metrically from frontal photographs and by a rating system with 6 categories. Patient satisfaction was explored through a self-administered questionnaire of general health (SF-36 health survey). The average follow-up period was 49.3 months. All patients showed voluntary activation of the grafted muscles in the EMG. Symmetry of the static and dynamic position of the oral commissure at rest and under function was considerably improved. In general, however, there was a tendency for undercorrection particularly in a vertical direction. Under function, the excursion of the oral commissure on the grafted side reached 63.7% and 65.5% of the nonparetic side in vertical and horizontal directions, respectively. Subjective rating of patient well-being showed that the scores were higher than or comparable to those of healthy adults in six of eight areas of evaluation.
Facial palsy in cerebral venous thrombosis transcranial stimulation and pathophysiological considerations; Background: Cranial nerve palsy in cerebral sinovenous thrombosis (CVT) is rare, its pathophysiology remains unclear, and data from electrophysiological examinations in such patients are missing. Case Description: We report the case of a 17-year-old woman with familial protein S deficiency who was admitted with extensive multiple CVT. Two weeks after onset of symptoms, she developed isolated right peripheral facial palsy, and MR venography showed segmental occlusion of the ipsilateral transverse sinus. Complete recovery of facial palsy occurred concomitant with recanalization of the transverse sinus. Facial neurography, including transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve and related motor cortex, ruled out a coincidental idiopathic palsy and revealed conduction block proximal to the facial canal. Conclusions: Facial palsy in our patient was caused by transient neurapraxia in the intracranial segment of the nerve. We suggest that elevated venous transmural pressure in the nerve's satellite vein, which belongs to the affected drainage territory of the transverse sinus, might have caused venous blood-brain barrier dysfunction in the intrinsic vascular system of the nerve, with leakage of fluids and ions into the endoneurial space and thus an increase in interstitial resistance.
Neuroborreliosis; Lyme disease is an infection caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi, which is transmitted by Ixodes ticks. Neuroborreliosis is an infection of nervous system caused by this spirochete. The clinical course of Lyme disease is variable, and is divided into a localized and disseminated stages. It usually begins with a characteristic skin lesion, erythema migrans, several days after a tick bite. Neurological, cardiac, chronic skin, or articular involvement develops later. Central and peripheral nervous system disturbances can appear at any time within the disseminated. It has been estimated that 10 to 40 % of patients with Lyme disease have neurological signs and symptoms. The diagnosis of Lyme disease is based on recognizing the characteristic clinical presentations. Primary and secondary erythema migrans, Borrelia lymphocytoma, and acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans are characteristic dermatologic lesions that establish the diagnosis of Lyme disease. Serologic testing is an adjunct to clinical diagnosis. Lyme disease usually responds to antibiotic therapy. Borrelia burgdorferi is sensitive to the amoxicillin, doxycycline, ceftriaxone, cefotaxime, penicillin G, erythromycin, chloramphenicol and tetracyline. During localized infection stage and patients with facial paralysis oral antibiotic treatment is sufficient and during disseminated infection stage besides neurological deficiencies other than facial paralysis should be treated with parentheral antibiotics.
Penetrating foreign body causing facial nerve palsy; A rare case of penetrating foreign body causing immediate facial nerve palsy in a young adult is reported. Patient required extraction of foreign body and facial nerve decompression. The nerve was damaged in the region of the geniculate ganglion by impacted wooden spicules. Gradual recovery was seen after nerve decompression.
A case of multiple cranial neuropathy with positive antinuclear antibody responded to steroid; A 56-year-old woman was admitted to our hospital because of bilateral ptosis, total ophthalmoplegia, bilateral facial palsy and left hypoglossal nerve palsy. Anti-nuclear antibody (ANA) showed high titer of 1280 but other data were normal. With oral prednisolone therapy(40 mg/day), the symptoms improved gradually but ANA titer did not show any significant change. We thought multiple cranial neuropathy of the patient was due to autoimmune disease such as collagen disease or cranial nerve type of Guillain-Barre syndrome from her symptoms and positive ANA. In contrast to other reported cases of multiple cranial neuropathy with positive ANA, in our patient ANA titer was high, only motor cranial nerves were impaired, and total ophthalmoplegia was found. Steroid therapy was useful in accordance with other reports. Although our patient has no symptoms related to collagen diseases, a long follow-up of this patient is considered to be necessary.
Guillain-Barre syndrome presenting with severe pain: Report of one case; Most neurologists are familiar with pain in Guillain-Barre syndrome but some pediatricians may still miss or underestimate it. We report a 10-year- old girl who presented with headache and numbness in lower extremities. On examination, she could walk and showed hyperreflexia, mild muscle weakness, prominent neck rigidity and right facial nerve palsy. Headache and pain in neck, low back and calves were so severe that she could not fall asleep and the response to analgesic was very poor. On 8th day of illness, she needed mechanical ventilation and suffered tetraplegia. Symptoms of autonomic dysfunction including hypertension and sinus tachycardia appeared thereafter and lasted for a week. After receiving a high dose of intravenous immunoglobulin (2 g/kg in 2 days), her condition improved gradually although joint pain persisted for about three weeks. She could walk unaided by day 40 and run by day 70, and recovered completely 6 months later. We emphasize that pain in GBS needs proper evaluation and management in children as well as in adults.
Single-stage latissimus dorsi transplantation for the treatment of incomplete facial paralysis; We have developed a method of single-stage latissimus dorsi transplantation with microneurovascular anastomoses for the treatment of long-standing facial paralysis. This method is effective for patients with incomplete paralysis, as well as for patients with complete paralysis. There are several technical key points to bear in mind when performing this procedure. When dissecting the subcutaneous facial layer for the graft, it is important to take care not to impair the normal residual movements of the face. The thickness of the latissimus dorsi muscle should be tailored to less than 1cm. The graft should be attached with no tension in the face. The branch to the zygomatic major muscle should be selected as the donor nerve in the contralateral side of the face. We have applied this single-stage latissimus dorsi transplantation in 32 cases of incomplete facial paralysis and have followed up these cases for more than 1 year. In 25 of the cases, well-balanced movements of the grafted muscle was recognized, and therefore, satisfactory results were obtained. We do not think that there is any reason to hesitate to apply this method to incomplete paralysis patients, as long as attention is paid to the key technical points.
Facial animation in children with Mobius syndrome after segmental gracilis muscle transplant; Mobius syndrome is a complex congenital anomaly involving multiple cranial nerves, including the abducens (VI) and facial (VII) nerves, and often associated with limb anomalies. Muscle transplantation has been used to address the lack of facial animation, lack of lower lip support, and speech difficulties these patients experience. The purpose of this study was to investigate the results of bilateral, segmental gracilis muscle transplantation to the face using the facial vessels for revascularization and the motor nerve to the masseter for reinnervation. The outcome of the two-stage procedure was assessed in 10 consecutive children with Mobius syndrome by direct interview, speech assessment, and oral commissure movement. Preoperative data were collected from direct questioning, viewing of preoperative videotapes, notes from prior medical evaluations, and rehabilitation medicine and speech pathology assessments. All of the patients developed reinnervation and muscle movement. The children who described self- esteem to be an issue preoperatively reported a significant posttransplant improvement. The muscle transplants produced a smile with an average commissure excursion of 1.37 cm. The frequency and severity of drooling and drinking difficulties decreased postoperatively in the seven symptomatic children. Speech difficulties improved in all children. Specifically, of the six children with bilabial incompetence, three received complete correction and three had significant improvement. Despite the length and complexity of these procedures, complications were minimal. Muscle transplantation had positive effects in all problematic areas, with a high degree of patient satisfaction and improvement in drooling, drinking, speech, and facial animation. The surgical technique is described in detail and the advantages over regional muscle transfers are outlined. Segmental gracilis muscle transplantation innervated by the motor nerve to the masseter is an effective method of treating patients with Mobius syndrome.
Permanent disabilities in childhood survivors of Langerhans cell histiocytosis; This study evaluates the permanent disabilities in children treated for Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH). From January 1983 to December 1993, 50 patients with newly diagnosed biopsy proven LCH were seen at the Regional Cancer Centre, Trivandrum, India. Disease pattern, treatment, survival, and disabilities of the patients were studied. Patients with localized disease had surgery, irradiation, or steroids. Patients with disseminated disease had combination chemotherapy. Follow-up ranged from 36 to 156 months (median follow-up 85 months). Twelve of the 41 surviving patients (29.2%) had one or more disabilities. Growth retardation was seen in 8 patients, diabetes insipidus in 7, loss of teeth in 6, and mandibular defect, chronic aural discharge, partial hearing loss, facial palsy, and proptosis in 2 each. In short, a significant proportion of survivors of LCH had sequelae, which affected their quality of life. More intensive chemotherapy at the beginning might be helpful in reducing the disabilities.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in acute facial nerve injury; Objective/Hypothesis: Available electrodiagnostic tests that are used to evaluate facial nerve injury examine the nerve distal to the stylomastoid foramen; because most facial nerve injuries are within the temporal bone, the tests cannot evaluate the nerve at or across the injury site. The interpretation of these tests depends on the predictability (or unpredictability) of distal degenerative process. Transcranial magnetic stimulation may be able to stimulate the nerve proximal to the injury site. The hypothesis of the present study is that in cases of mild traumatic facial nerve injury where axonal integrity is maintained, proximal stimulation of the nerve using higher than normal stimulus intensities to 'overcome' the block at the injury site result in recordable facial nerve activity. Study Design: A prospective controlled animal study comparing response to transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve in the following groups' mild injury, severe injury/transection, and control. Methods: We studied 44 facial nerves in 22 cats. Fifteen nerves were subjected to mild trauma. Five nerves were severely crushed, 2 nerves were completely transected, and 22 nerves were not traumatized. All nerves were examined with the transcranial magnetic stimulation system before the trauma, immediately after the trauma, and at 3, 8, and 12 weeks after trauma. Results: All nerves in the mild and severe trauma groups showed complete clinical paralysis immediately after trauma. The nerves in the mild trauma group showed significant increase in threshold as well as significant increase in latency for recordable facial muscle response to transcranial magnetic stimulation. Thresholds and latencies decreased gradually within 3 to 12 weeks and returned almost to preinjury levels. This paralleled the return of clinical facial muscle movement. In the severe trauma/transection group, the nerves had no facial muscle response to transcranial magnetic stimulation after trauma. Neither facial muscle response to transcranial magnetic stimulation nor facial muscle movements recovered. Conclusions: In cats transcranial magnetic stimulation can assess the integrity of the facial nerve after trauma and predict its potential for regeneration. This technique can excite the nerve proximal to the injury site and may play a role in the clinical evaluation of the acute traumatic facial nerve paralysis. It can be used immediately after trauma, because it does not depend on wallerian degeneration to occur.
Paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve: Treatment options; Isolated paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve results in an asymmetrical smile with elevation of the lower lip on the affected side. We discuss the surgical options for its correction and present a series of 26 patients who underwent either botulinum toxin injection, anterior belly of digastric transfer or free extensor digitorum brevis transfer as treatment. Botulinum toxin injection provided satisfactory results although these were temporary. Anterior belly of digastric transfer was the surgical procedure of choice. It yielded superior cosmetic results, less donor-site morbidity and required a shorter operating time. In more complex congenital facial hypoplastic syndromes, or following extensive surgery in the digastric triangle, the anterior belly of the digastric muscle may be absent or damaged. Extensor digitorum brevis transfer is the preferred option in these cases. (C) 2000 The British Association of Plastic Surgeons.
Palatal necrosis in an AIDS patient: a case of mucormycosis.; We report a case of rhinocerebral mucormycosis presenting in a patient with AIDS and review the literature on mucormycosis occurring in the setting of HIV disease. Mucormycosis in HIV is rare. However, it can be the presenting opportunistic infection in AIDS. Predisposing factors for Mucor infection in HIV disease include low CD4 count, neutropenia, and active intravenous drug use. Mucormycosis can present in the basal ganglia, the skin, the gastrointestinal tract, the respiratory tract, or may be disseminated. The disease may develop insidiously or may progress rapidly with a fulminant course. Therapy usually consists of surgical debridement/excision accompanied by intravenous amphotericin B.
Simultaneous extracranial and intracranial otogenic complications; INTRODUCTION: Chronic otitis media is the most common cause of otologic complications. A simultaneous occurrence of extracranial and intracranial otologic complications is rare in clinical practice. In this paper, we are presenting a patient with exacerbation of chronic otitis media and associated otologic complications: peripheral facial nerve palsy and subdural cerebral abscess. CASE REPORT: A patient aged 56 who has suffered from chronic otitis media during the past 37 years, was admitted at the Clinic of Otorhinolaryngology due to worsening of the underlying disease. The clinical examination revealed chronic otitis media with granulation in the external auditory canal, pulsatile discharge and extracranial otologic complication--facial nerve paralysis. The preoperative diagnostic procedure included: cochleovestibular investigations (hearing disorder of mixed type on the left side with normal labyrinthine function), temporal bone radiography (sclerotic cell alteration of mastoid on the left), topodiagnosis of facial nerve). The laboratory finding confirmed increased number of leukocytes (21.7 x 10(9)/l), increased erythrocyte sedimentation rate (25/58 mm/h), increased fibrinogen (5.0 g/l) and presence of protein in urine. Chest and heart X-ray findings were normal. Staphylococcus aureus was isolated from ear discharge by microbiological investigation. Signs of meningitis were negative, the liquor was colorless, slightly stirred up with total number of cells 384 x 10(6)/l, sugar 2.7 mmol/l and total proteins from 0.82 g/l. Bacteriological liquor culture was negative. The ophthalmologic examination confirmed normal finding of the eye fundus and absence of increased cranial pressure. For further diagnostics CT (computerized tomography) and MRI of head (magnetic resonance imaging) were performed. The findings confirmed subdural abscess and suspected encephalitic foci of the left cerebral lobe. According to findings, surgery involving radical trepanation of the temporal bone, decompression of facial nerve, denudation of sigmoid sinus dural sinus and angle area and incision of dura mater of the cranial fossa posterior with drainage of subdural abscess (meningitis surgery) was performed. CONCLUSION: A simultaneous occurrence of extracranial and intracranial otologic complications accompanied by subdural abscess is rare in clinical practice. The mechanism of development and spreading of subdural abscess is very interesting. In this case, subdural abscess caused the reaction of dura mater, which has prevented spreading of the disease by cerebrospinal liquid at the onset. However, there is a possibility of its further spreading by blood vessels into the brain white substance, where encephalitic foci may develop and later brain tissue abscesses as well. The clinical course of subdural abscess may be atypical, without headache and increased cranial pressure. This kind of disease demands a complex diagnostic procedure, sufficient otosurgical and neurosurgical interventions, cooperation with infectologist and administration of antibiotic therapy.
IgG antiganglioside antibodies in Guillain-Barre syndrome with bulbar palsy; Some patients with Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) develop bulbar palsy, which may lead to serious complications during the acute phase of the illness. A serological marker that could predict the occurrence of bulbar palsy would be valuable for the treatment of acute GBS. We examined the serum levels of various IgG antiganglioside antibodies in the sera of 16 patients with GBS with bulbar palsy [GBS-BP(+)] and 72 patients with GBS without bulbar palsy [GBS-BP(-)]. Anti-GT1a antibodies were detected in a higher percentage of the GBS-BP(+) patients (10/16, 63%) than the GBS-BP(-) patients (2/72, 3%). In addition to GT1a, a new disialosylganglioside antigen was recognized by the sera of four GBS-BP(+) patients. Anti-GM1b antibodies were also frequently detected in the sera of the GBS-BP(+) cases. However, anti-GM1 and anti-GalNAc-GD1a antibodies, which are highly associated with acute axonal motor neuropathy (AMAN), were not detected in any of the GBS-BP(+) cases, while anti-GM1 antibodies were detected in 29% (21/72) and anti-GalNAc-GD1a antibodies were detected in 8% (6/72) of the GBS-BP(-) cases. These findings suggest that the presence of particular antiganglioside antibodies might be related with certain clinical manifestations of GBS. In patients who are diagnosed with GBS, the presence or absence of anti-GT1a and anti-GM1b antibodies should be tested at the early stage of GBS so that appropriate therapies that prevent the development of bulbar palsy and improve the outcome of GBS, may be initiated. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
A case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome(MRS) is a rare neuro-muco-cutaneous disease of unknown origin. The classic triad of this clinically defined entity consists of orofacial swelling, facial nerve palsy, and lingua plitica. MRS may occur as a complete triad of symptoms or a combination of any features of the classic triad, termed monosymptomatic and oligosymptomatic forms. The complete triad has been reported to occur in only 10% to 20% in different series. Because of the rarity of reported cases in Korea, we report a case of complete form of MRS, in which clofazimine showed a partial response.
Tolosa-Hunt syndrome preceded by facial palsy; The Tolosa-Hunt syndrome consists of a painful ophthalmoplegia related to a granulomatous inflammatory process in the cavernous sinus, which may be documented by cerebral magnetic resonance imaging with gadolinium enhancement. Two cases of Tolosa-Hunt syndrome preceded by facial palsy observed in 1998 at the Department of Neurosurgery of the Second University of Naples are presented here. Both patients developed Tolosa-Hunt syndrome following an ipsilateral facial palsy that resolved in about 15 days with medical treatment. Cerebral magnetic resonance imaging with gadolinium enhancement showed, in both cases, inflammatory tissue in the cavernous sinus. The patients underwent corticosteroid therapy (prednisolone, 80 mg per day, intravenously) with pain regression. In the first case, the patient experienced recurrence of the syndrome that was definitively resolved with further corticosteroid treatment. The rare reports of facial palsy in patients with Tolosa-Hunt syndrome suggest the inclusion of this disease in the so-called multiple cranial nerve palsy syndrome. It is probable that Tolosa-Hunt syndrome has an inflammatory pathogenesis.
Acyclovir and prednisolone combination treatment in Bell's palsy; In this retrospective study, patients with Bell's palsy who received Prednisolone and Acyclovir combination treatment were compared with those who received Prednisolone only in a tertiary ENT hospital. There were 21 patients with Bell's palsy during the study period of 30 months. There were 11 patients in the Prednisolone and Acyclovir combination group, 8 in the Prednisolone only group, and 2 patients did not receive any medication. In the Prednisolone and Acyclovir group, 4 patients showed significant clinical improvement at 2 weeks (p = 0.042) and 8 patients showed improvement at 4 weeks (p = 0.005), whereas none of the patients in the Prednisolone group showed significant clinical improvement at 2 weeks, and only 1 patient had improvement at 4 weeks. Though the numbers were small, the results show a clear trend towards early recovery in patients who received combination treatment with prednisolone and acyclovir.
A case of hypertrophic pachymeningitis around the optic chiasm; A 62-year-old male developed bilateral blurring of vision. He had been successfully treated for bilateral facial palsy 2 years before with systemic corticosteroid. His corrected visual acuity was 1.0 right and 0.01 left. His left visual field was severely constricted. Gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed intense signals around the optic tracts, optic chiasm and the pituitary gland. The clivus was also thickened. Serum studies showed enhanced level of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE). Systemic corticosteroid induced improvement in visual acuity and field 3 weeks later. Blurring of vision in his left eye recurred 6 months later. He underwent surgery to remove the thickened dura mater around the optic chiasm. Additional corticosteroid therapy induced normal visual acuity. The removed dura mater showed fibrous thickening with infiltration of chronic nonspecific inflammatory cells. He was diagnosed as hypertrophic pachymengitis secondary to sarcoidosis.
Quantification of the three-dimensional displacement of normal facial movement; This study was undertaken to quantify 3-dimensional (3-D) facial movement in normal subjects, and to identify the individual axes in which this movement occurred. Displacement data on 42 subjects were collected and analyzed with the Expert Vision Motion Analysis System. The 3-D displacement was calculated by vectorially subtracting maximum marker movement from previously identified reference marker points. The 3-D range of normal facial movement was quantified, with the greatest displacement occurring during maximum smile. When the individual axes were examined, we found that most movement occurred in the vertical axes for the majority of expressions, followed by the anterior-posterior axis. These results may create an objective baseline from which disorders of the facial nerve, and hence, medical, surgical, and physiotherapy treatment interventions, can be analyzed in the future.
The Lyme disease vaccine: Implications for Bell palsy; With the approval by the FDA of a vaccine against the causative agent in Lyme disease, some experts believe that the incidence of Bell palsy will decrease. This conclusion is based on data suggesting that many cases of Bell palsy are in fact undiagnosed cases of Lyme borreliosis.
A rare case of bilateral small cell carcinoma of the ovary diagnosed during pregnancy; Small cell carcinoma of the ovary (SCCO) is a highly aggressive malignancy that affects young females. The disease is fatal in nearly all patients with disease categorized as higher than stage IA. A 30-year-old Japanese woman was diagnosed, while pregnant, as having bilateral small cell carcinoma, pulmonary type, a rare finding. She received three courses of JP chemotherapy (carboplatin, 525mg; cisplatin, 120mg) and three courses of PVP chemotherapy (peplomycin, 30mg; vinblastin, 12mg; cisplatin, 120mg). Computed tomography scans were taken during and after the period in which she received chemotherapy showed growing multiple metastatic tumors and massive ascites. Third- line chemotherapy with paclitaxel (225 mg) was then initiated. Although the lymphadenopathy and massive ascites were alleviated, bone marrow suppression intervened. The patient died 18 months after being diagnosed. To our knowledge, this is third reported case of SCCO to be diagnosed during pregnancy, and the first reported case of bilateral disease diagnosed during pregnancy.
Peripheral facial paralysis: Aetiology, diagnosis and treatment; Objective. Peripheral facial paralysis is one of the commonest mononeuropathies. The frequency of idiopathic peripheral paralysis or Bell's palsy varies between 62% and 93% of all cases, with an incidence of between 14 and 25 cases per 100,000 inhabitants per year. However, in spite of its relative frequency in the population, there is still no definite unanimously agreed strategy currently used by neurologists. Although its course is relatively benign, up to 16% of the patients show moderate or severe sequelae according to follow-up data in 1,011 untreated patients. In this article we review the aetiology, diagnostic methods and therapeutical strategies at the present time. Development. The topographic diagnosis of the lesion is based on the symptoms associated with the paralysis. The neurophysiological studies (trigeminofacial reflection and electroneurogram), usually done after the first week are prognoses that permit differentiation of the degree of the lesion (neuropraxis, axonotmesis or neurotmesis). In spite of recent trials with combined therapy (acyclovir and steroids) the most generally accepted treatment at present is still prednisose at a dose of 1 mg/kg/day. Conclusions. Peripheral facial paralysis is a common condition, usually with no apparent cause and an eminently clinical diagnosis. The electrophysiological studies determine the prognosis. Currently the standard treatment is still oral prednisone.
Tumor of ceruminous gland with intracranial invasion: case report; Ceruminous glands are modified apocrine glands, confined to the skin lining of the cartilaginous part of the external auditory meatus. Tumors arising from these glands are rare. Controversy exists regarding the term "ceruminoma". Actually this neoplasia should be classified as adenoma, adenocarcinoma, adenoid cystic carcinoma and pleomorphic ceruminous adenoma. We report a 39-year-old woman first seen at Santa Casa of Belo Horizonte, in 1998, presenting with headache, nausea, vertigo, hearing loss and tinnitus on the right for the past two years. CT scan showed a tumor eroding cartilaginous and bony limits with intracranial invasion. She was submitted to multidisciplinary treatment with surgery followed by radiotherapy (6000 cG). Histology showed a ceruminous adenoid cystic carcinoma. The patient manifested a right peripheral facial palsy and had no recovery of the previous deficits. After one year from surgery she is clinically stable.
Involvement of nitric oxide synthase in the physiology and pathophysiology of facial nerve function and dysfunction; To date few reports have discussed the presence and function of nitric oxide (NO) in structures of the facial nerve. We performed nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH-d)-diaphorase-histochemistry and immunohistochemistry on the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve, including the geniculate ganglion, of guinea pigs using specific antibodies to the three known isoforms of NO synthase and soluble guanylyl-cyclase (sGC). Normal facial nerves were compared to those treated intratympanically with bacterial lipopolysaccharides (LPS) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α). Both constitutive NOS isoforms and sGC could be detected in the bipolar ganglion cells of normal animals, while the inducible isoform (iNOS or NOS II) was not found. Endothelial NOS (NOS III) and sGC were present in blood vessels and were predominantly found in the perineurial sheath and less in the endoneurium. sGC could be detected in all fibers in a cross section of the facial nerve. LPS and TNF treatment led to the detection of iNOS in the perikaryia of the geniculate ganglion and the perineural sheath. These findings imply that NO may be involved in neurotransmission at least in the visceroafferent system. NO regulates vascular tone of nutrient blood vessels in the perineural sheath and endoneurium. The presence of sGC indicates that NO acts via its second messenger cGMP. NOS II expression may be a contributing factor to facial nerve palsy via two different mechanisms: NOS II-generated NO may lead to an overstimulation of the visceroefferent nerve fibers and motor fibers of the facial nerve. Dysregulation in facial nerve blood vessels could lead to edema and elevated pressure on the nerve within its osseous canal.
Long term non-invasive ventilation in the community for patients with musculoskeletal disorders: 46 Year experience and review; Background - A study was undertaken to assess the long term physiological and clinical outcome in 79 patients with musculoskeletal disorders (73 neuromuscular, six of the chest wall) who received non-invasive ventilation for chronic respiratory failure over a period of 46 years. Methods - Vital capacity (VC) and carbon dioxide tension (Pco2) before and after initiation of ventilation, type and duration of ventilatory assistance, the need for tracheostomy, and mortality were retrospectively studied in 48 patients who were managed with mouth/nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation (M/NIPPV) and 31 who received body ventilation. The two largest groups analysed were 45 patients with poliomyelitis and 15 with Duchenne's muscular dystrophy. Twenty five patients with poliomyelitis received body ventilation (for a mean of 290 months) and 20 were supported by M/NIPPV (mean 38 months). All 15 patients with Duchenne's muscular dystrophy were ventilated by NIPPV (mean 22 months). Results - Fourteen patients with poliomyelitis on body ventilation (56%) but only one on M/NIPPV, and 10 of 15 patients (67%) with Duchenne's muscular dystrophy eventually received tracheostomies for ventilatory support. Five patients with other neuromuscular disorders required tracheostomies. Twenty of 29 tracheostomies (69%) were provided because of progressive disease and hypercarbia which could not be controlled by non-invasive ventilation; the remaining nine were placed because of bulbar dysfunction and aspiration related complications. Nine of 10 deaths occurred in patients on body ventilation (six with poliomyelitis), although the causes of death were varied and not necessarily related to respiratory complications. A proportionately greater number of patients on M/NIPPV (67%) reported positive outcomes (improved sense of wellbeing and independence) than did those on body ventilation (29%, p < 0.01). However, other than tracheostomies and deaths, negative outcomes in the form of machine/interface discomfort and self-discontinuation of ventilation also occurred at a rate 2.3 times higher than in the group who received body ventilation. None of the six patients with chest wall disorders (all on M/NIPPV) required tracheostomy or died. Hospital admission rates increased nearly eightfold in patients receiving body ventilation (all poliomyelitis patients) compared with before ventilation (p < 0.01) while in those supported by M/NIPPV they were reduced by 36%. Conclusions - Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) in the community over prolonged periods is a feasible although variably tolerated form of management in patients with neuromuscular disorders. While patients who received body ventilation were followed the longest (mean 24 years), the need for tracheostomy and deaths occurred more often in this group (most commonly in the poliomyelitis patients). Despite a number of discomforts associated with M/NIPPV, a larger proportion of patients experienced improved wellbeing, independence, and ability to perform daily activities.
Myasthenia gravis. Otorhinolaryngological considerations; Myasthenia gravis is a motor neuron disease caused by the presence of antibodies against acetylcholine receptors that interfere with proper functioning of the neuromuscular junction. Twenty percent of patients show bulbar involvement as the first indication of disease, with symptoms such as rhinolalia, dysphagia or phonasthenia. We report the cases of five patients for which our intervention was requested. We were involved in capacities ranging from the interpretation of the first symptom of disease to assessment of surgical possibilities for the treatment of chronic aspiration and severe respiratory symptoms in patients with major dysphagia. We review the scant bibliography published in the last five years.
Moebius syndrome related to abortion threat; Purposes: The Moebius syndrome is a rare congenital anomaly, defined as facial and abductor nerves palsy. Among the possible ethiologic factors considered, misuse of misoprostol, ergotamine and chorion villous sampling in the first trimester of pregnancy were outstanding. This Paper has the objective to report Moebius syndrome cases presumedly associated to abortion threat. Place: Altino Ventura Foundation and Hospital de Olhos de Pernambuco. Methods: Retrospective study of ten patients diagnosed with the Moebius syndrome in the period of 1994 to 1998. Results: Among the patients studied, eight (8/10) had a positive pregnancy history to abortion threat. There was one case (1/8) of secondary abortion threat resulting from urinary tract infection and one case (1/8) with predisposing factor associated. The misuse of misoprostol in the first trimester of pregnancy aiming at abortion was observed in six cases (6/8). Conclusions: There was a high association rate between the Moebius syndrome and the use of misoprostol in this study. Studies with a larger group of patients to determine a more conclusive relationship between these two variables are suggested.
Herpes tester oticus treated with acyclovir and prednisolone: Clinical manifestations and analysis of prognostic factors; Herpes zoster oticus is a cranial polyneuropathy with facial nerve involvement as its main feature. The prognosis of the facial palsy is usually poor. Thirty patients with herpes zoster oticus suffering from facial palsy were admitted for parenteral acyclovir and oral prednisolone. Multiple regression analysis of improvement of facial palsy showed three significant covariates: age, multiple nerve palsies, and the initial grading of the palsy. The recovery of the facial palsy treated with acyclovir and prednisolone was good, and possibility of a good outcome was greater when the initial grade of the palsy was higher. Multiple nerve palsies and age had negative effects on the improvement.
Gamma surgery for vestibular schwannoma; Object. The goal of this study was to assess the results of gamma surgery (GS) for vestibular schwannoma (VS) in 200 cases treated over the last 10 years and to review the role of this neurosurgical procedure in the management of VS. Methods. Follow-up reviews ranging from 1 to 10 years were available in 153 of these patients. Follow-up images in these cases were analyzed using computer software that we developed to obtain volume measurements for the tumors, and the clinical condition of the patients was assessed using questionnaires. Gamma surgery was the primary treatment modality in 96 cases and followed microsurgery in 57 cases. Tumors ranged in volume from 0.02 to 18.3 cm3. In the group in which GS was the primary treatment, a decrease in volume was observed in 78 cases (81%), no change in 12 (12%), and an increase in volume in six cases (6%). The decrease was more than 75% in seven cases. In the group treated following microsurgery, a decrease in volume was observed in 37 cases (65%), no change in 14 (25%), and an increase in volume in six (11%). The decrease was more than 75% in eight cases. Five patients experienced trigeminal dysfunction; in three cases this was transient and in the other two it was persistent, although there has been improvement. Three patients had facial paresis (in one case this was transient, lasting 6 weeks; in one case there was 80% recovery at 18 months posttreatment; and in one case surgery was performed after the onset of facial paresis for presumed increase in tumor size). Over a 6-year period, hearing deteriorated in 60% of the patients. Three patients showed an improvement in hearing. No hearing deterioration was observed during the first 2 years of follow-up review. Conclusions. Gamma surgery should be used to treat postoperative residual tumors as well as tumors in patients with medical conditions that preclude surgery. Microsurgery should be performed whenever a surgeon is confident of extirpating the tumor with a risk-benefit ratio superior to that presented in this study.
Quantitative parameters of intraoperative electromyography predict facial nerve outcomes for vestibular schwannoma surgery; OBJECTIVE: Facial nerve monitoring is an established method that is routinely used during cerebellopontine angle tumor surgery. The aim of this study was to determine quantitative electromyographic (EMG) parameters that were predictive of facial nerve outcomes. METHODS: In 137 patients with intra-/extrameatal vestibular schwannomas, the most proximal (the exit from the brainstem) and distal (the fundus of the internal auditory canal) parts of the facial nerve were stimulated after total tumor removal. A quantitative analysis of absolute values and ratios (proximal/distal) of evoked EMG parameters (amplitude, latency, and duration) was performed, and parameters were correlated with postoperative (1 and 6 wk and 6 mo) facial nerve function (FNF). RESULTS: Absolute values of EMG amplitudes were statistically correlated with FNF (P < 0.05). Amplitude ratios (proximal/distal) demonstrated an even greater predictive power. The risk of exhibiting facial palsy 6 months after surgery increased from 1.6% (amplitude ratio of >0.8) to 75% (ratio of <0.1). For EMG latencies, only the ratios revealed a significant correlation with FNF. The latency ratio-dependent risk of facial palsy after 6 months increased from 2.9% (ratio of <1.05) to 33% (ratio of >1.35). The durations of the muscle responses were not significantly correlated with clinical outcomes. CONCLUSION: The predictive power of the amplitudes and latencies of electrically evoked muscle responses could be improved by calculating proximal/distal ratios. The proximal/distal amplitude ratio proved to be the most powerful parameter for intraoperative assessment of postoperative FNF.
Delayed radiation-induced bulbar palsy mimicking ALS; We describe a patient presenting with progressive bulbar dysfunction and spasticity that clinically mimicked amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Electromyography, however, showed no evidence of denervation and revealed a rare combination of peripheral and central myokymia. We feel that this pattern of myokymia represented a marker of neural injury from remote radiation therapy. Nervous system disorders resulting from therapeutic radiation are described, and potential pathophysiologic mechanisms underlying myokymia are discussed. (C) 2000 John Wiley and Sons, Inc.
Fractionated stereotactic radiosurgery for treatment of acoustic neuromas; Background: Microsurgery and single-fraction radiosurgery for acoustic neuromas are associated with high rates of control, but can result in facial palsy and trigeminal neuropathy. To reduce the morbidity of treatment for acoustic neuromas while maintaining efficacy, we explored fractionated stereotactic radiosurgery (FSR). Methods: We reviewed data for 31 acoustic neuromas in 30 patients treated with 25 Gy (linear accelerator) given in 5 consecutive daily fractions. The minimum follow-up was 6 months (6-44 months). The mean tumor volume was 1.1 cm3 (0.1-8.74 cm3). Results: All tumors remain controlled (9 smaller, 22 unchanged). No patient has experienced post-radiosurgery facial motor dysfunction. Two patients developed new trigeminal neuropathy; 2 patients with preexisting trigeminal nerve symptoms had improvement after FSR. Balance improved in 3 patients, was unchanged in 20 and worsened in 7 patients. Of the 12 patients with useful hearing (PTA ≤ 50 dB) prior to treatment, 9 patients retained useful hearing following FSR. Subjectively, of 25 patients with any hearing prior to treatment, 2 had improvement, 10 remained unchanged and 13 had worsening. Conclusions: Short course FSR for acoustic neuromas results in acceptable toxicity and may provide high control of tumors. Longer follow-up is needed to assess outcomes. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Otogenic herpes zoster--the Ramsay-Hunt syndrome; INTRODUCTION: Herpes zoster is a viral disease caused by a specific neurotropic virus-varicella zoster, similar to varicella virus, but not identical. Herpes zoster oticus was described by Letulle in 1882 and Körner in 1884, but particularly studied by Ramsay Hunt who reported it as a herpetic disease of ganglion geniculi in 1907. Herpes zoster oticus associated with facial nerve paralysis is most commonly called the Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In this work, cases of herpes zoster oticus associated with facial nerve paralysis are shown. At the ORL Clinic in Novi Sad, in the period from 1996-1997, 5 cases with Ramsay-Hunt syndrome were treated. The diagnostic procedure involved analysis of anamnestic data, clinical examination, complete cochleovestibular investigation with electronystagmography (ENG), topodiagnostic investigation of facial nerve (Schirmer's test, stapedial reflex, electrogustometry), electromyographic investigation (EMG), laboratory and virusologic investigations. According to many statistical data, paralysis of facial nerve due to herpes zoster is after Bell's paralysis the most common cause of the disease. The efflorescence of auricula, face and neck, which are typical manifestations of the disease, may precede facial nerve paralysis for about a week or more, and therefore may be disregarded and misdiagnosed with Bell's paralysis. The peripheral paralysis of this nerve in herpes zoster has an unfavorable course. More than 75% of patients have consequences of paralysis (paresis, hemispasm, synkinesia etc.). Regarding the unfavorable recovery period in herpes zoster, we managed our patients accordingly. CONCLUSION: Herpes zoster oticus is a common cause of peripheral facial nerve paralysis. The clinical course is not as favorable as in Bell's paralysis. It may be associated with sensorineural hearing disorder, vertigo and paralysis of other cranial nerves. The therapeutic procedures in Ramsay-Hunt syndrome include administration of conservative therapy and surgical intervention. We performed surgery in 2 and conservative therapy in 3 patients. Facial nerve decompression is indicated in persistent paralyses, or in cases without clear clinical signs of recovery after 6 weeks-2 months from the onset of the disease. The site of decompression is determined by topodiagnostic investigations.
Lyme neuroborreliosis mimics stroke: A case report; Lyme neuroborreliosis is diagnostically challenging because of its diverse manifestations. The well-documented neurologic spectrum includes lymphocytic meningitis, cranial neuropathy, and radiculoneuritis in the early disseminated stage; and peripheral neuropathy, chronic encephalomyelitis, and mild encephalopathy in the late persistent stage. This case report describes a 74-year-old man who developed progressive left hemiparesis and facial palsy. The patient was hospitalized to rule out a cerebral vascular accident. The diagnosis of Lyme borreliosis was established with serologic studies. The patient was treated with intravenous ceftriaxone and responded with rapid clinical and functional recovery. Lyme neuroborreliosis presenting as hemiparesis has rarely been reported. Prompt diagnosis and treatment appear to facilitate symptomatic relief and prevent persistent neurologic deficits. (C) 2000 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine and the American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.
Two cases of cheilitis granulomatosa; Cheilitis granulomatosa as a monosymptomatic form of the Melkersson- Rosenthal syndrome, was characterized by recurrent or persistent edema in the orofacial lesion that could not be explained on the basis of infections, systemic, malignant, or connective tissue disorders. Herein we report two cases of cheilitis granulomatosa which have been treated with triamcinolone acetonide intralesional injection, hydroxychloroquine 400mg per day. After a short course of systemic steroids the swelling of the lip improved.
Head and neck manifestations of Kawasaki disease; Kawasaki disease, also known as acute infantile febrile mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome, is a self-limited vasculitic disease of infants and young children. The cause of the disease remains uncertain. Within the constellation of signs and symptoms, there are numerous otolaryngologic manifestations. The following represents the largest series of patients in the otolaryngology literature, involving 155 confirmed cases of Kawasaki disease as treated at our institution during the last 10 years. The demographic data, clinical pictures of the typical and atypical forms of the illness, as well as the laboratory values, therapy and complications are discussed. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Bell's palsy during interferon therapy for chronic hepatitis C infection in patients with haemorrhagic disorders; Two adult patients with life-long severe haemorrhagic disorders commenced on interferon-α2b therapy for chronic hepatitis C infection. Both developed Bell's palsy several weeks after commencing therapy. They were started on steroids and, in addition, the first patient discontinued interferon-α2b therapy while the second patient elected to continue with therapy. In both cases facial paralysis improved over the ensuing weeks. Bell's palsy is often idiopathic but has been reported in association with herpes viruses. It is not a recognised complication of chronic hepatitis B or C infection, or interferon-α2b therapy. However, the interferons are associated with numerous adverse reactions including various neuropsychiatric manifestations and neurological syndromes. There are several reports of nerve palsies, including optic tract neuropathy, occurring during interferon therapy, and immune-based mechanisms are thought to play a role in the aetiopathogenesis. No reports of Bell's palsy in association with interferon therapy were identified in our literature search, although one possible case has been reported to the Committee of Safety in Medicine. Although Bell's palsy in our patients may have occurred by chance, a neuropathic effect of interferon-α2b on the facial nerve cannot be excluded and we urge physicians using interferons to be aware of this potential side-effect.
Assessing the safety of drugs in pregnancy. The role of prospective cohort studies; Since, for obvious reasons, systematic testing of the teratogenic properties of drugs in humans is not possible in the premarketing phase, the epidemiological approaches to postmarketing risk evaluation are of major importance. Cohort studies, with their prospective exposure assessment, their ability to study even exposure to drugs not commonly used in pregnancy, and their ability to monitor both adverse and beneficial fetal outcomes, seem to be the most promising study type from a methodological viewpoint. Although there are numerous cohort studies on the harmful effects of drug use in pregnant women, only a few have been able to demonstrate a risk in terms of an increase in the prevalence of malformations. Most studies with significant findings were those investigating the risk potential of one group of drugs, the anticonvulsants. The lack of cohort studies showing a risk for drug use in pregnancy, however, is not necessarily indicative of some methodological deficiency. Rather, it may suggest that, for the majority of drugs, their use in pregnancy is not associated with an increased risk of congenital malformations.
Lengthening temporalis myoplasty and lip reanimation; The authors report a new surgical technique of myoplasty of the temporalis muscle applied to the treatment of permanent peripheral facial paralysis. It consists of a muscle lengthening, using the totality of the temporalis muscle and the transfer of its tendon attached to the coronoid process directly to the lips, therefore modifying the temporal fixed point and respecting the deep temporal pedicles. Ten cadaver dissections were performed for a better understanding of the muscle fiber redistribution during surgery to measure the distance between coronoid process and lip commissure and to measure the width of the temporal tendon. The results in 10 patients have been very encouraging. This technique was performed on ten cases of permanent facial paralysis of various etiologies, by the same surgeon, with a 4-year follow-up.
Don't exaggerate the systemic adverse effects of hepatitis B vaccination. The vaccine benefits people at risk; - The initial clinical assessment files on hepatitis B vaccines showed no risk of severe systemic adverse effects. - Pharmacovigilance data obtained in several countries show that hepatitis B vaccination carries a risk of very rare anaphylactic reactions. - Anecdotal observations have raised the worrying possibility that neurological and 'autoimmune' conditions may be caused or worsened by hepatitis B vaccination in some patients. Current epidemiological data do not support this possibility, but do not formally exclude it. - The risk-benefit ratio of hepatitis B vaccination is advantageous in people at risk. - All mass vaccination programmes must include systematic monitoring of adverse effects.
The development of synkinesis after facial nerve paralysis; In this study, the development of clinical synkinesis after facial nerve paralysis (FP) and its relationship to electrophysiological findings were investigated. Thirty-four patients who were examined within the first 5 days after onset of FP and who could also be followed up for at least 4 months were included in the study. Electrophysiological investigations consisted of: (1) recording of the direct responses by facial nerve stimulation at the stylomastoid fossa; (2) recording of the 'synkinetic spread' of the supraorbital nerve reflex to the lower facial muscles; (3) recording of the 'lateral spread responses' by stimulating the mandible and zygomatic branches of the facial nerve. Clinical synkinesis developed in 14 of 18 patients (78%) with a direct response ratio (DRr) of less than 40%. Among the 16 patients with a DRr of 40% or more, synkinesis was observed in 3 cases (18.7%) only. The DRr provided reliable information concerning the development of synkinesis. Forty percent seemed to be a reasonable limit to distinguish the high-risk group for the development of clinical synkinesis. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Limitations of magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of perineural tumor spread causing facial nerve paralysis; Objective: To present and discuss the clinical presentation and treatment in patients with long-duration unilateral facial paralysis and normal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) findings. Design: Case series. Setting: Ear, nose, and throat department of the university of Cologne, Cologne, Germany. Patients: A total of 486 patients with unilateral facial paralysis who were treated from 1986 to 1998. Besides the usual diagnostic workup, a complete electrophysiological evaluation, including investigations such as needle electromyography and neuromyography (also known as electroneurography), of the facial nerve was performed at repeated intervals. In 19 patients, a malignant tumor was delineated with ultrasonography or MRI. In 8 of these patients, the initially performed MRI did not detect any parotid gland lesion causing the paralysis, whereas long duration of the paralysis and electroneurography indicated malignancy. Results: Exploration surgery was performed as total parotidectomy in these 8 patients and malignant parotid gland tumors were proved in all 8 patients. Conclusions: Individuals with facial nerve paralysis without any signs of regeneration 6 months after the onset of paralysis and/or persistent electrophysiological evidence of ongoing neuronal degeneration should undergo surgical exploration of the parotid gland and facial nerve, even if MRI studies show no tumoral lesion.
Moyamoya disease associated with a brain stem glioma; An 8-year-old boy was found to have primary moyamoya disease associated with a brain stem glioma. For over 3 years the child had experienced transient ischemic attacks induced by hyperventilation. One month before referral to our hospital he had presented with progressive left facial nerve palsy. Magnetic resonance imaging showed a cystic mass in the lower pons. Angiography revealed severe bilateral stenosis of the internal carotid arteries and prominent moyamoya vessels in the basal ganglia. Partial resection of the tumor yielded a histological diagnosis of pilocytic astrocytoma. Local radiation therapy reduced the size of the tumor. Anastomosis of the superficial temporal arteries and middle cerebral arteries on both sides was then performed. After direct bypass surgery, the patient remained in a good condition for a 5-year follow-up period. Clinical investigation of the coincidence of primary moyamoya disease and brain stem glioma led the authors to conclude that these two diseases coexisted independently.
Concomitant bihemispheric cerebral ganglioglioma and hemangioma in an 18-month-old child: Case report; This is a rare case of concomitant bihemispheric cerebral ganglioglioma and hemangioma in an 18-month-old child. There were two identical processes; a combination of ganglioglioma and hemangioma was located in the parieto- occipital region of both cerebral hemispheres. The child underwent diagnostic computed tomographic and magnetic resonance imaging examinations for seizures and right-sided facial palsy, which showed the bilateral presence of parieto- occipital, oval, well-demarcated, subcortically located processes. A biparieto-occipital craniotomy was carried out and two well-demarcated abnormalities were observed and both were removed in toto. Two years after the operation, the boy had normal psychomotor development and remained free from seizures with no therapy required. Repeat magnetic resonance imaging showed no tumor recurrence. Gangliogliomas are relatively uncommon tumors in childhood, located in the supratentorial compartment and usually associated with seizures. Histopathologic and immunohistochemical analysis of the two processes found in our patient showed them to be a ganglioglioma and a hemangioma, confirming the dysontogenetic origin of these alterations and the association between malformations and tumor growth. The combination of ganglioglioma and hemangioma, especially bilateral presentation of two such identical processes in a young child, is very rare and was not found in the recent literature.
Alpha herpes virus and facial palsy; Alpha herpes virus is the major causes of peripheral facial palsy such as Bell's palsy or Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Ramsay Hunt syndrome is caused by varicella zoster virus (VZV) infection, and can be diagnosed by facial nerve paralysis associated with herpetic eruption on the pinna, and complication of by vestibulo-cochlear dysfunction. On the other hand, Bell's palsy presents only facial palsy and its diagnosis is made by the exclusion of known conditions. The causes of Bell's palsy had been unknown for many years, however, recently it was revealed that herpes simplex type 1 was the major cause of Bell's palsy by PCR. Because early treatment with acyclovir and prednisone was proven to be effective, we should make efforts to diagnose these diseases as early as possible.
Guillain-Barre syndrome in a patient with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma; We describe a case of Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) in a patient with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). A 21-year-old woman with a newly diagnosed stage IV high-grade lymphoma (precursor T-cell NHL according to the R.E.A.L. Classification) developed flaccid quadriparesis and bilateral facial diplegia after three weeks of treatment with vincristine, daunorubicin, L-asparaginase and prednisolone. The clinical course and neurological examination were consistent with GBS. Despite treatment with intravenous immunoglobulins her neurological symptoms progressed. Plasmapheresis was therefore initiated followed by intravenous immunoglobulins. After partial remission of neurologic symptoms, induction chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide and cytarabine was continued without any further complication. Three months later, the lymphoma was in complete remission. GBS has been described in Hodgkin's disease and after bone marrow transplantation but is rare in NHL. In patients with NHL who develop neurological symptoms, drug toxicity and nervous system infiltration are the leading cause of neuropathology, but GBS should be considered in the differential diagnosis.
Evaluation with blink reflex of bilateral facial palsy; We examined the accuracy of electroneuronography (ENoG) and blink reflex as prognostic indicators in four patients with bilateral facial palsy. Electrophysiological investigation consisted of the recording of ENoG amplitude and R1 amplitude of blink reflex elicited by the peripheral nerve stimulation. Examinations were performed at the first visit, after 10 days, 2, 4 and 6 weeks. ENoG amplitude was less reliable for the neurological evaluation of bilateral facial palsy, because in three cases amplitude ratio of affected side to the other side was more than 100%. R1 amplitude of blink reflex recovered satisfactorily in two cases of good outcome. In other two cases of poor outcome, R1 amplitude was absent during the examination period. These findings suggest that analysis of blink reflex provides valuable information for evaluation of the prognosis of patients with bilateral facial palsy.
Diagnosis of Ramsey Hunt syndrome is both simple and difficult. The viral attack is more extensive than expected earlier; In Ramsay Hunt's syndrome (herpes zoster of the head and neck in combination with facial palsy), the vesicles often appear on the external ear (herpes zoster oticus) but they can also be found on the exterior of the neck. Serologically verified cases without vesicles occur (zoster sine herpeticum). Complications from the eighth cranial nerve (hearing loss and vertigo) are common. MR and PCR studies show a more extensive viral attack than was earlier believed to be the case. Due to the risk of remaining cranial nerve dysfunctions, as exemplified in a case report, antiviral treatment is indicated, in severe cases combined with corticosteroids. The potential value of varicella vaccination to reduce zoster complications is discussed.
Acute cerebellar ataxia of a patient with SLE; We described a 28-year-old woman with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) presented with digestive tract, skin and renal symptoms and afterwards developed acute cerebellar ataxia, a paresis of the right inferior rectus muscle, left abducens paralysis and left facial palsy which seemed to be consistent with a brainstem lesion visible on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). This lesion disappeared within 9 days of corticosteroid treatment. It is suggested that this lesion is focal edema induced by acute changes in the blood brain barrier secondary to a vasculopathy. Other causes, including local infarction, are unlikely. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Corticosteroid treatment for idiopathic facial nerve paralysis: A meta- analysis; Objective: A meta-analysis was designed to evaluate facial recovery in patients with complete idiopathic facial nerve paralysis (IFNP) by comparing outcomes of those treated with corticosteroid therapy with outcomes of those treated with placebo or no treatment. Study Design: Meta-analysis of prospective trials evaluating corticosteroid therapy for idiopathic facial nerve paralysis. Methods: A protocol was followed outlining methods for trial selection, data extraction, and statistical analysis. A MEDLINE search of the English language literature was performed to identify clinical trials evaluating steroid treatment of IFNP. Three independent observers used an eight-point analysis to determine inclusion criteria. Data analysis was limited to individuals with clinically complete IFNP. The endpoints measured were clinically complete or incomplete facial motor recovery. Effect magnitude and significance were evaluated by calculating the rate difference and Fishers Exact Test P value. Pooled analysis was performed with a random effects model. Results: Forty-seven trials were identified. Of those, 27 were prospective and 20 retrospective. Three prospective trials met the inclusion criteria. Tests of heterogeneity indicate the trial with the smallest sample size (RD = -0.19; 95% CI, -0.58-0.20), to be an outlier. It was excluded from the final analysis. Analyses of data from the remaining two studies indicate corticosteroid treatment improves complete facial motor recovery for individuals with complete IFNP. Rate difference demonstrates a 17% (99% CI, 0.01-0.32) improvement in clinically complete recovery for the treatment group based on the random effects model. Conclusions: Corticosteroid treatment provides a clinically and statistically significant improvement in recovery of function in complete IFNP.
Bell palsy complicating pregnancy: A review; The aim of the present work was to review the published evidence on the association of Bell palsy (BP), an acute idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis of unknown etiology, with pregnancy. Reports have shown that women of reproductive age are affected two to four times more often than men of the same age, and pregnant women 3.3 times more often than nonpregnant women. The apparent predisposition of pregnant women to Bell palsy has been attributed to the high extracellular fluid content, viral inflammation, and immunosuppression characteristic of pregnancy, but findings are controversial. Most cases of Bell palsy occur in the third trimester or the puerperium. Onset is acute and painful. Some authors suggest that Bell palsy increases the risk of hypertension and toxemia of pregnancy, whereas the pregnant state, in turn, may affect the course and severity of disease. Recovery is usually good; poor prognostic markers are recurrence in subsequent pregnancy and bilateral disease, both of which are rare. Neonatal outcome is apparently unaffected, although this has been studied rarely. The preferred mode of management remains undecided; it is usually confined to supportive care. Corticosteroids in pregnancy are controversial. We think clinicians should be aware of these findings to avoid unnecessary testing and treatment and to help the patient cope with this acute, painful disease.
Upper eyelid gold weight implantation in the Asian patient with facial paralysis; Patients with facial paralysis may develop ophthalmic complications. Poor eyelid closure and lagophthalmos place the patient at increased risk for the development of corneal problems such as epithelial defects, stromal thinning, bacterial infection, and even performation. Initial treatment should be conservative and include the use of ocular lubricants, moisture chambers, and taping of the lower eyelid into proper position. Surgical intervention may be required in patients who have failed medical therapy or in whom the facial paralysis is not expected to improve. Gold weight implantation in the upper eyelid has become a popular procedure to correct upper eyelid retraction and to improve corneal coverage. Previous descriptions of gold weight placement in the upper eyelid have focused on Caucasian eyelid anatomy. However, there are distinct anatomic differences between the Caucasian and Asian eyelids, which dictate the overlying aesthetic differences. We describe our technique for placement of a gold weight in the Asian upper lid, with attention to the maintenance of symmetric eyelid creases. We reviewed the charts of six Asian patients with facial paralysis who underwent gold weight placement in the upper eyelid for the correction of lid retraction. All patients did well functionally and aesthetically, and none developed an extrusion of the implant with this approach.
Cheilitis granulomatosa in a child; Granulomatous cheilitis is a rare disorder characterized by intermittent swelling of one or both lips, which may become persistent. We report a case occurring in a child, which improved with minocycline treatment. Case report. - An eight year-old girl was seen for the swelling of her upper lip, which persisted for more than one year. There was no history of applied irritants, local trauma or atopy. On examination, the upper lip was swollen, indurated, erythematous and fissured with a bilateral perleche. The tongue and gums were normal. There was no facial palsy. The girl was in good health and did not take any drugs. Blood investigations were normal. Patch tests were negative. Antibiotic treatment or local steroids provided only temporary improvement. A biopsy showed extravascular epithelioid and gigantocellular non-caseating granulomas with lymphoid infiltrates. There was no sign of sarcoidosis or Crohn's disease. Treatment with hydroxychloroquine for three months, then with oral metronidazole, did not improve the symptoms. Minocycline (100 mg/d) was effective. Conclusion. - Granulomatous cheilitis should be considered in children as well and differentiated from infectious, allergic or factitious dermatoses. Granulomatous cheilitis can be associated with Crohn's disease or sarcoidosis, and could precede these disorders from several months or years, thus requiring a long-term follow-up. (C) 2000 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS.
Effect of long-term electrical stimulation on motor recovery and improvement of clinical residuals in patients with unresolved facial nerve palsy; PURPOSE: This study investigated the efficacy of a pulsatile electrical current to shorten neuromuscular conduction latencies and minimize clinical residuals in patients with chronic facial nerve damage caused by Bell's palsy or acoustic neuroma excision. SUBJECTS: The study group included 12 patients (mean age 50.4 ± 12.3 years) with idiopathic Bell's palsy and 5 patients (mean age 45.6 ± 10.7 years) whose facial nerves were surgically sacrificed. The mean time since the onset of paresis/paralysis was 3.7 years (range 1-7 years] and 7.2 years (range 69 years) for the Bell's and neuroma excision groups, respectively. METHOD AND PROCEDURES: Motor nerve conduction latencies, House-Brackmann facial recovery scores, and a 12-item clinical assessment of residuals were obtained 3 months before the onset of treatment, at the beginning of treatment, and after 6 months of stimulation. Patients were treated at home for periods of up to 6 hours daily for 6 months with a battery-powered stimulator. Stimulation intensity was kept at a submotor level throughout the study. Surface electrodes were secured over the most affected muscles. Groups and time factors were used in the analyses of the 3 outcome measures. RESULTS: No statistical differences were found between the two diagnostic groups with respect to any of the 3 outcome measures. Mean motor nerve latencies decreased by 1.13 ms (analysis variance test, significant P- 0.0001). House-Brackmann scores were also significantly lower (Wilcoxon signed rank test, P = 0.0003) after treatment. Collective scores on the 12 clinical impairment measures decreased 28.7 ± 8.1 points after 6 months [analysis of variance test, significant P = 0.0005). Eight patients showed more than 40% improvement, 4 better than 30%, and 5 less than 10% improvement in residuals score. CONCLUSION: These data are consistent with the notion that long-term electrical stimulation may facilitate partial reinnervation in patients with chronic facial paresis/paralysis. Additionally, residual clinical impairments are likely to improve even if motor recovery is not evident.
Long-term outcomes of persons with Lyme disease; Context. Few data exist about the long-term outcomes of patients with Lyme disease. Objective. To assess the long-term outcomes of patients with Lyme disease. Design. Two-part project including a community-based longitudinal cohort study and a matched cohort study. Setting and Participants. Six hundred seventy-eight patients identified from a random sample of all reports of Connecticut residents with suspected Lyme disease submitted to the Connecticut Department of Public Health from 1984-1991 were evaluated in the longitudinal study; for a random subsample of 212 patients from the larger study, 212 age-matched controls without Lyme disease also were enrolled. Main Outcome Measures. Self-reports or parents' reports of symptoms and ability to perform certain daily activities since diagnosis of Lyme disease; scores on the 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression scale, for adults, by case-definition status and between patients and controls. Results. Of the 678 patients, 51.6% were female, 34.4% were children, and 64.3% met the national surveillance case definition for Lyme disease. Most patients (85.6%) were treated with antimicrobial agents. Interviews were conducted a median of 51 months after diagnosis (range, 15-135 months). An increased frequency of symptoms (eg, pain, fatigue) or of difficulty with daily activities (eg, performing housework, exercising) was reported by 69% of the patients, although few (19%) of these problems were attributed to Lyme disease. Whenever there was a statistically significant difference in the frequencies of either increased symptoms or increased difficulties with typical activities between those who did or did not meet the surveillance case definition, in all instances the greater frequency of problems was in the group that did not meet the case definition. The frequencies of reports of both increased symptoms and increased difficulties with typical activities among patients who had been diagnosed as having Lyme disease were similar to those among age-matched controls without Lyme disease. Conclusions: In this cohort, although many patients reported increases in symptoms and/or increased difficulties with typical daily activities between 1 and 11 years after diagnosis of Lyme disease, the frequencies of these reports were similar to the frequencies of such reports among age-matched controls without Lyme disease.
Retrosigmoid intradural suprameatal approach to Meckel's cave and the middle fossa: Surgical technique and outcome; Object. The goal of this study was to determine whether some petroclival tumors can be safely and efficiently treated using a modified retrosigmoid petrosal approach that is called the retrosigmoid intradural suprameatal approach (RISA). Methods. The RISA was introduced in 1983, and since that time 12 patients harboring petroclival meningiomas have been treated using this technique. The RISA includes a retrosigmoid craniotomy and drilling of the suprameatus petrous bone, which is located above and anterior to the internal auditory meatus, thus providing access to Meckel's cave and the middle fossa. Radical tumor resection (Simpson Grade I or II) was achieved in nine (75%) of the 12 patients. Two patients underwent subtotal resection (Simpson Grade III), and one patient underwent complete resection of tumor at the posterior fossa with subtotal resection at the middle fossa. There were no deaths or severe complications in this series: all patients did well postoperatively, being independent at the time of their last follow-up examinations (mean 5.6 years). Neurological deficits included facial paresis in one patient and worsening of hearing in two patients. Conclusions. The approach described here is a useful modification of the retrosigmoid approach, which allows resection of large petroclival tumors without the need for supratentorial craniotomies. Although technically meticulous, this approach is not time-consuming; it is safe and can produce good results. This is the first report on the use of this approach for petroclival meningiomas.
A case of spontaneous cervical carotid artery dissection managed by using primary stent placement; The authors report the case of a 35-year-old male who underwent stenting for spontaneous cervical carotid dissection. He presented with sudden onset of hemicrania and left facial palsy followed by left hemiparesis and dysarthria. On admission, carotid angiography revealed postsinus tapering occlusion of the right internal carotid artery. Initially, he was managed with conservative treatment, but his neurological status deteriorated. Findings of brain CT, MRI and IMP-SPECT suggested hypoperfusion of the right cerebrum. A Palmaz stent, 39mm in length, was successfully placed over the site of the dissection to restore normal patency through the dissected carotid artery. Following stent implantation, his neurological signs improved gradually but completely. Since the procedure, with oral administration of antiplatelet medication, he has suffered no cerebral ischemic events. Follow- up carotid angiography one year after stent implantation showed good patency of the stented segment. The present case emphasizes the usefulness of stenting for spontaneous cervical carotid dissection.
Pediatric parotid masses; Objective: To evaluate the incidence, types, and treatment outcomes of pediatric parotid lesions. Design: Retrospective case review, histological tissue review, and literature review. Setting: Tertiary care center. Patients: All patients aged 18 years and younger with parotid masses evaluated and treated at the Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minn, from January 1, 1970, to December 31, 1997. Results: Parotid masses were identified in 118 children (60 boys and 58 girls). At diagnosis, the ages of patients were from birth through 18 years, and 72 (61.0%) were aged 10 years and older. An asymptomatic mass was the most common presentation. Forty-three patients (36.4%) had infectious or inflammatory lesions, 56 (47.5%) had benign lesions, and 19 (16.1%) had malignant lesions. The most common benign lesions were pleomorphic adenoma (22.9%)and hemangioma (10.2%). The most common malignant lesions were mucoepidermoid carcinoma (6.8%) and acinic cell carcinoma (3.4%). The most common treatment was total parotidectomy (40.7%). Surgical complications included temporary facial nerve weakness in 22 (18.6%) patients, permanent facial weakness in 11 (9.3%), and permanent paralysis in 2 (1.7%). Pleomorphic adenoma recurred in 4 (14.8%) of 28 patients and mucoepidermoid carcinoma in 3 (37.5%) of 8 patients. One patient with adenoid cystic carcinoma died of the tumor. Conclusions: Although pediatric parotid masses are unusual, they can represent a variety of pathological diagnoses, including malignancy. We advocate prompt evaluation and treatment of these masses and suggest guidelines for their management, based on diagnosis.
Assessment and management of idiopathic facial (Bell's) palsy: Comparison of Nova Scotia family physicians and otolaryngologists; Acute idiopathic facial paralysis, or Bell's palsy, is frequently encountered in clinical practice. The present study compares knowledge of Bell's palsy assessment and management between a group of family physicians and otolaryngologists practising in Nova Scotia. Respondents completed a questionnaire and statistical analyses were performed on selected data. There were similarities regarding Bell's palsy assessment and management, but there were notable differences in the ability to distinguish Bell's palsy on the basis of symptomatic complaints, specific counselling strategies, length of patient follow-up, and use of appropriate diagnostic tests. This needs assessment suggests several areas where a family physician continuing medical education program on management of acute facial paralysis may be beneficial.
Vagal and hypoglossal Bell's palsy; A 7-year-old boy was referred because of a sudden change to nasal speech, dysarthria for words with explosive consonants in speech, and nasal regurgitation of fluids. The symptoms arose over 1 week following a capricious episode of acute asthmatic bronchitis. Physical and neurologic examinations were normal except for a left deviation of the uvula, accompanied by a 'curtain' movement of the posterior pharyngeal wall against the opposite side, and a left deviation of the protruded tongue. No vascular, traumatic, infectious, neoplastic, or neurologic causes could be identified. No therapy was administered. Full recovery occurred 4 months later. The diagnosis was idiopathic vagal and right hypoglossal nerve palsy (Bell's palsy).
Orofacial edema: A diagnostic and therapeutic challenge for the clinician; Background and Conclusion: A case of a 41-year-old patient with a 5-year history of chronic recurrent angioedema, refractory to conservative treatment is presented. The results of the case report suggest that in differential diagnosis of angioedema, in addition to usual causes, the allergist- immunologist needs to consider Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, which can present with a variety of symptom-combinations of the classic triad. The distinguishing characteristics of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome are its refractoriness to the usual anti-inflammatory therapy and the need to consider corrective cosmetic surgery, which may benefit some patients.
The use of gold weight in facial palsy lagophthalmos; Peripheral facial paralysis is often accompanied by incomplete closure of the lid. In the past, tarsorrhaphy has been the primary method for achieving improved eyelid closure, but it has functional and cosmetic drawbacks. As an alternative, a gold weight implant has been used for closure of the upper lid by gravity and, if necessary, can be combined with further rehabilitative facial surgery. A total of 36 patients with peripheral facial paresis were treated with gold weight upper lid implants. Postoperative closure of the lids was sufficient in all cases. Complications were observed, such as pseudoptosis, deficiency of eyelid closure, a prominent bulge of the gold implant, in one case frank extrusion of the gold implant, and, surprisingly, in several cases the formation of a low grade corneal astigmatism. The satisfactory functional results show that the implant is both aesthetically and functionally superior to tarsorrhaphy.
Cerebellopontine angle Hodgkin's disease; Intracranial Hodgkin's disease is a rare site of involvement, and even more rare is its presentation as a cerebellopontine angle mass. The imaging findings are non-specific but the rapid response to therapy may provide a clue to diagnosis.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: report of three cases.; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare disorder consisting of the triad of persistent or recurrent orofacial edema, relapsing facial paralysis and fissured tongue. It is far more uncommon to find the complete triad since it generally presents in oligosymptomatic forms. We present three cases of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with the classic triad of symptoms and discuss the etiology and the clinical and electromyography findings of this syndrome.
Clinical use of growth factors in chronic renal failure; Erythropoietin has been demonstrated to improve the quality of life in patients with chronic renal failure, and growth hormone has been approved for use in children with chronic renal failure and short stature as a growth promoting agent. Growth factors also have great therapeutic potential to improve glomerular function in the setting of chronic renal failure. Further studies are required to delineate the role of insulin-like growth factor I in the setting of end-stage chronic renal failure.
Smell and taste disorders: A primary care approach; Smell and taste disorders are common in the general population, with loss of smell occurring more frequently. Although these disorders can have a substantial impact on quality of life and may represent significant underlying disease, they are often overlooked by the medical community. Patients may have difficulty recognizing smell versus taste dysfunction and frequently confuse the concepts of 'flavor' and 'taste.' While the most common causes of smell disturbance are nasal and sinus disease, upper respiratory infection and head trauma, frequent causes of taste disturbance include oral infections, oral appliances (e.g., dentures), dental procedures and Bell's palsy. Medications can interfere with smell and taste, and should be reviewed in all patients with reported dysfunction. In addition, advancing age has been associated with a natural impairment of smell and taste ability. A focused history and a physical examination of the nose and mouth are usually sufficient to screen for underlying pathology. Computed tomographic scanning or magnetic resonance imaging of affected areas, as well as commercially available standardized tests, may be useful in selected patients. The causes of olfactory dysfunction that are most amenable to treatment include obstructing polyps or other masses (treated by excision) and inflammation (treated with steroids). Enhancement of food flavor and appearance can improve quality of life in patients with irreversible dysfunction.
Assessment of facial nerve function in acoustic tumor disease by nasal muscle f waves and transcranial magnetic stimulation; Standard transcranial magnetic stimulation and nasal muscle F-wave recordings were used to assess proximal facial nerve function in 27 patients with unilateral acoustic tumors (mean diameter, 29 mm) and clinically intact facial nerve function. Latency measurements for F waves and cortical magnetic stimulation were abnormal. Moreover, F ratios, central motor conduction time, and the ratio of response latency to cortical and cisternal magnetic stimulation were significantly increased. Amplitudes were unchanged. Correlation analysis with tumor diameter as dependent variable yielded maximum r values for F-wave latencies (0.57) and F ratios (0.41), whereas for magnetic stimulation, a significant correlation could be found (0.4) only for cortical stimulation. Nasal muscle F-wave recording can reveal clinically inapparent facial nerve dysfunction. Its efficacy in predicting tumor diameter seems to be superior to that of standard magnetic stimulation.
Type II autosomal dominant osteopetrosis (Albers-Schonberg disease): Clinical and radiological manifestations in 42 patients; Type II autosomal dominant osteopetrosis (ADO II, Albers-Schonberg disease) is a genetic condition characterized by generalized osteosclerosis predominating in some skeletal sites such as the spine and pelvis. ADO II is rare, and most available clinical descriptions are based on small numbers of patients. We report the clinical and radiological manifestations in 42 ADO II patients. To our knowledge, this is the largest series reported so far. Our inclusion criterion was presence on radiographs of the spine of vertebral endplate thickening, producing the classic sandwich vertebra appearance. We found various patterns of sandwich vertebra, of which we provide a description to assist physicians in diagnosing ADO II. The classic bone-within-bone appearance was present in most but not all skeletal sites. The radiological penetrance of the disease was high (90%) and increased after 20 years of age. As many as 81% of our patients experienced clinical manifestations. Fractures were common (78% of patients) and healed slowly. Hip osteoarthritis developed in 27% of patients and required arthroplasty in 9 of the 16 affected hips. Nonmandibular osteomyelitis occurred in 4 cases (11%). Twenty-four percent of patients had thoracic or lumbar scoliosis. Orthopedic surgery was performed in 52.8% of patients, of whom half had at least three surgical procedures for internal fracture fixation, arthroplasty, limb deformity correction, or treatment of surgical complications. There was a high rate of surgical complications including nonunion, infection, prosthesis loosening, and intraoperative fractures. Nearly two-thirds of patients (64%) had stomatologic manifestations, including mandibular osteomyelitis in 4 patients (11%). Cranial nerve involvement responsible for hearing loss, bilateral optic atrophy, and/or facial palsy was present in 14 patients but was clearly attributable to ADO II in only 6 cases (16%). This large series sheds new light on several aspects of ADO II, most notably the possibility of severe clinical complications. Although other forms of osteopetrosis are considerably more severe, the name 'benign osteopetrosis' previously used for ADO II is probably a misnomer. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
Solitary sciatic nerve lymphoma as an initial manifestation of diffuse neurolymphomatosis; Solitary peripheral nerve lymphomas are exceedingly rare primary manifestations of diffuse peripheral nervous system or central nervous system (CNS) lymphomatosis. A 52-year-old man presented with progressive weakness in gastrocnemius and anterior tibial muscle function, which was associated with radiating pain in the right leg. Magnetic resonance imaging studies revealed a solitary fusiform tumor, extending from the sciatic nerve, at the level of the lesser trochanter of the femur, into the posterior tibial nerve below the popliteal fossa. Intraoperative gross examination found that the tumor diffusely expanded the nerve, but did not extend from or into surrounding muscle or tendons. The final histological diagnosis was a solitary extranodal lymphoma (Burkittlike high-grade B-cell lymphoma). Postoperative staging did not reveal evidence of lymphomatous involvement of other organs, but additional chemo- and radiotherapies were administered. Four months after the surgical biopsy, the patient presented with a right facial nerve palsy. The results of cytological examination of cerebrospinal fluid were positive for the presence of atypical lymphocytes, which was consistent with apparently progressive neurolymphomatosis; however, the results of radiological studies were negative for systemic progression. The patient underwent intrathecal chemotherapy followed by systemic myelosuppressive chemotherapy with bone marrow rescue, but died of respiratory failure while still receiving treatment. Postmortem examination revealed extensive lymphomatosis in the peripheral nerves and spinal nerve roots without evidence of cranial nerve, CNS, or other organ system involvement. The aggressive biological characteristics of these tumors, their management, and pertinent literature are reviewed.
Labyrinthine fistula after cholesteatomatous chronic otitis media; Objectives: To report on cases of labyrinthine fistula diagnosed in an ear, nose, and throat department and to study the incidence, location, pre- and postoperative symptoms (hearing loss, tinnitus, vertigo, facial palsy), preoperative diagnostic imaging, and surgical treatment of two types of cholesteatomatous labyrinthine fistulae - the extensive fistula that erodes both the bony and membranous labyrinths and the bone fistula that affects only the bony abyrinth. Study Design: Retrospective case review. Patients: Fifty-four patients with cholesteatomatous chronic otitis media with labyrinthine fistulae. Setting: Tertiary referral center. Interventions: Diagnosis and treatment. Main Outcome Measures: Clinical, imaging, and surgical correlation of extensive fistulae and bone fistulae. Results: The incidence of labyrinthine fistulae was 7% in all patients who underwent surgery for chronic otitis media. The bone type (66%) is more common than the extensive type (33%). Compared with bone fistulae, the outcome for extensive fistulae is more severe in terms of hearing loss, vertigo, and facial palsy. In terms of preoperative diagnosis, computed tomography imaging ensured early diagnosis in 89% of extensive cases and in 28% of bone cases. For extensive fistulae, the surgical technique was more radical, requiring an open technique in 66% of cases versus 22% of the bone fistulae cases. The most common location is the lateral semicircular canal (61%). Conclusions: The breach in the membranous labyrinth is consistent with a more aggressive pathology, causing more severe pre- and postoperative symptoms. Preoperative computed tomography is more sensitive for diagnosing extensive fistulae, which also require a more radical treatment.
Facial-motion analysis with a video and computer system: A preliminary report; Hypothesis: To investigate the feasibility of a video and computer- assisted system for evaluating the temporal and spatial aspects of facial motion during selected facial expressions in a pilot group of six normal adults. Evaluation of the diverse medical and surgical treatments for facial paralysis and paresis cannot occur until objective, reliable, and sensitive measures of the spatial and temporal aspects of facial function at specific facial landmarks are developed. Methods: Facial motion at predetermined facial locations was assessed using a commercially available computer- interactive motion analysis system, which is based on videography principles. The displacement, velocity, and acceleration data were averaged across all trials and subjects. Time plots also were obtained for the left versus right side. Results: The greatest mean maximum displacement (resultant vector) occurred during the eyebrow lift expression, reaching 1.2 cm in magnitude. The mean maximum velocity (resultant vector), which ranged from 4.5 to 8.5 cm/s for the dynamic facial expressions, was greatest for the yes closed tight expression. The mean maximum acceleration resultant vector), which ranged from 193 to 465 cm/s/s, was greatest for the eyebrow lift expression. Symmetrical time plots were obtained. The system documented synkinesis by revealing substantial left upper eyelid motion during the nose-wrinkle expression in an illustrative case with slight left facial dysfunction. Conclusion: This approach to facial motion analysis is feasible for the simultaneous, multiregional, spatial-temporal assessment of facial expressions. Because motion at relatively remote regions could be quantified, this approach is potentially useful for the evaluation of synkinesis.
The surgical management of Bell's palsy: A review; Facial nerve paralysis is a devastating problem for those affected. Few areas in otolaryngology have been as controversial as the management of Bell's palsy. The past several decades have witnessed many theories about the etiology and pathogenesis of Bell's palsy. In concert with each of these theories has been an appropriate management scheme. Because of the nature of the literature, it has been difficult for clinicians to unequivocally outline management algorithms. In the forefront of this debate is the issue of surgical therapy for a subset of these patients. Recent technology has provided some concrete insights into the mechanisms underlying Bell's palsy. Further, new clinical studies, albeit retrospective, support the need to re- evaluate surgery in the treatment of selected patients. The literature regarding the pathophysiology of Bell's palsy and the history of facial nerve surgery for this disease are reviewed.
Stereotactic radiosurgery for glomus jugulare tumors; Objectives/Hypothesis: Surgery is considered to be the mainstay of treatment for glomus jugulare tumors. A subset of patients are poor surgical candidates based on age, medical problems, tumor size, or prior treatment failure. The purpose of this study was to review our results with stereotactic radiosurgery (gamma knife treatment) in this group of patients, with particular attention to adverse reactions and symptom relief. Study Design: Retrospective review and phone survey. Methods: Charts were reviewed for size and location of tumor, history of previous treatment, symptoms before and after treatment, amount of radiation received, acute and late complications, and functional level before and after treatment. Pretreatment and posttreatment magnetic resonance imaging scans were also reviewed. Identified patients were then contacted for a phone interview. Results: Eight patients were identified. Phone interviews were conducted with four patients. Four patients had failed previous treatment. Follow-up ranged from 7 to 104 months. One patient experienced an acute complication: intractable vertigo requiring hospitalization. No patient experienced delayed cranial neuropathies. No patient reported worsening of any of the following symptoms: pulsatile tinnitus, hearing loss, facial weakness, hoarseness, or difficulty swallowing. Three patients reported improvement in their pulsatile tinnitus. Two patients reported improvement in hearing loss, and one patient each reported improvement in vertigo and difficulty swallowing. Conclusions: Preliminary results suggest that stereotactic radiosurgery is useful to control symptoms and may be delivered safely in patients with primary or recurrent glomus jugulare tumors who are poor surgical candidates.
Variations on the 'baby-sitter' procedure for reconstruction of facial paralysis; Four cases of fresh facial paralysis were treated using the 'baby- sitter' procedure, with fairly satisfactory results obtained. This procedure involves a combination of cross-face nerve grafting and a nerve cross-over technique, such as using a hypoglossal-facial nerve or accessory-facial nerve anastomosis. Two stages are required. Nerve cross-over and cross-face nerve grafting using the sural nerve are performed in the first stage. After 1 year, nerve anastomosis between the stump of the cross-face nerve graft and that of a buccal branch in the paralyzed cheek is performed during the second stage. The recovery of facial animation through this method is good, with patients able to create a near-natural smile. Electromyography demonstrates double innervation in the paralyzed cheek area.
Radiographic evidence and surgical confirmation of a saccular aneurysm on a hypoplastic duplicated A1 segment of the anterior cerebral artery: Case report; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: True duplication of the A1 segment of the anterior cerebral artery is extremely rare, as is finding a true A1 segment saccular aneurysm. We report the angiographic and surgical findings of such a case with the additional association of a hypoplastic ipsilateral M1 segment of the middle cerebral artery. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 68-year-old man presented with a Hunt and Hess Grade II subarachnoid hemorrhage and symptoms of headache, nuchal rigidity, and facial paresis. INTERVENTION: Angiographic evaluation with superselective exploration revealed a small ruptured aneurysm located on a duplicated hypoplastic A1 segment of the left anterior cerebral artery with associated middle cerebral artery stenosis and secondary early moyamoya changes. Surgical clipping of the aneurysm was performed successfully while sparing the hypoplastic A1 segment. CONCLUSION: A1 aneurysms occurring on a duplicated anterior cerebral artery segment probably develop from a congenital weakness of the parent vessel and increased local shear stress. Superselective angiography was helpful in the preoperative planning and facilitated the decision to treat with surgical clipping instead of embolization.
A keyhole middle fossa approach to large cholesterol granulomas of the petrous apex; OBJECTIVE: In this article we review our surgical experience in a series of eight patients with large cholesterol granulomas of the petrous apex extending into the cerebellopontine angle. METHODS: All lesions, four primary and four recurrent, were studied with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and computed tomography (CT). The patients underwent pre- and postoperative audiographic testing. A keyhole middle fossa approach was used in all cases. RESULTS: There was no mortality. Surgery was complicated in one case by a subgaleal hematoma and in another by a transitory increase of a preexisting facial palsy. In five cases the granuloma was totally resected, whereas in the remaining three small remnants of the pseudocapsule were left in place. At follow-up (12-90 months), three patients were asymptomatic. In the remaining five patients, trigeminal neuralgias had subsided. Palsies of the VIth cranial nerve recovered more consistently than those of the VIIth. Hearing was unchanged postoperatively. So far, there has been no clinical or radiological evidence of a recurrence. CONCLUSION: Large cholesterol granulomas of the petrous apex can be effectively treated through a keyhole middle fossa approach. Despite its contained size the approach allows a rather large exposure of the granuloma. The resection of these lesions carries a low risk of compromising the facial or hearing function of the patient. Small remnants of the capsule, left in place to avoid potential complications, seem not to affect the long-term outcome of the patients, provided the cavity in the petrous bone is adequately ventilated. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
The complications of chronic otitis media: Report of 93 cases; The aim of this study was to investigate the incidence, mortality and morbidity of complications due to chronic otitis media (COM). During the nine-year period 1990-1999, 2890 cases of COM were reviewed, 93 (3.22 per cent) having 57 (1.97 per cent) intracranial complications (IC) and 39 (1.35 per cent) extracranial complications (EC). In three patients more than one complication was observed. Meningitis and brain abscess were common in the IC group. Subperiosteal abscess (mastoid and Bezold's abscess) was a common complication in the EC group. Cholesteatoma and granulation/polyp in the middle ear/mastoid were the major findings in both groups. Fifteen patients died from IC. Overall, the mortality rate was 16.1 per cent in all patients having complications, and in patients with IC it was 26.3 per cent. In all of the patients with complications, the morbidity rate was 11.8 per cent. Our study supports the finding that meningitis and brain abscess are the common complications of COM and the main reason for mortality.
Idiopathic familial facial nerve paralysis; A 26-year-old man was seen one day after developing a left facial palsy of unknown aetiology. He had previously had a left facial palsy at age 14 and a right facial palsy at 19, both with minimal residual paresis. Both his mother and grandmother have had facial palsies. The role of hereditary influences in idiopathic facial paralysis, as well as the treatment of this condition, is discussed.
Neurotologic follow-up after radiation of posterior fossa tumors; Objective: Stereotactic radiation treatment, also known as gamma knife surgery or radiosurgery, has come into acceptance as a treatment alternative to surgical removal for posterior fossa tumors. The purpose of this article is to describe the role of the neurotologist in the optimal management of neurotologic complications after stereotactic radiation, as illustrated by five patients. Study Design: Retrospective chart review. Patients: Five patients who underwent stereotactic radiation of posterior fossa tumors. Main Outcome Measures: Presence or absence of neurotologic complications (tumor growth, hearing loss, imbalance/ataxia, vertigo, and facial paralysis) or neurosurgical complaints (facial numbness, motor weakness, headache, hydrocephalus, and subarachnoid cysts). Results: Postradiation neurotologic complaints included vertigo, imbalance/ataxia, and progressive hearing loss in four of the five patients. Continued tumor growth occurred in two patients; two patients had no growth; in one patient the tumor became smaller. The complications of facial nerve paralysis facial numbness, motor weakness, headache, hydrocephalus cerebellar edema, and posterior fossa arachnoid cyst formation occurred less frequently. Conclusions: Stereotactic radiation of posterior fossa tumors can produce significant neurotologic problems. It is imperative that neurotologists remain involved in the follow- up care of patients with posterior fossa tumors to offer optimal treatment alternatives for the neurotologic disorders.
Oculoplastic surgical techniques for protection of the eye in facial nerve paralysis; Objective: To describe an algorithm for medical and surgical management of corneal exposure secondary to seventh cranial nerve paresis. Study Design: A retrospective review of 54 patients requiring surgical intervention for seventh cranial nerve paresis was performed. Setting: Patients underwent outpatient procedures at a tertiary care facility. Results: 31 men and 23 women, with a mean age of 55.7 years, were included in this study. They included 45 patients with involvement of the facial nerve at the time of surgery, 3 with inflammatory processes, 2 with central palsies, 1 with a traumatic paralysis, and 3 with idiopathic palsies. All 54 patients were treated both medically and surgically. Fifty-two patients underwent gold weight placement, and 39 patients underwent surgical repositioning of their lower eyelids; 24 of those patients had supplemental ear cartilage grafts inserted as well. Five patients had brow ptosis repairs, and 13 had tarsorrhaphies (9 temporary and 4 permanent). Twelve patients had confluent epithelial defects of >50% of their corneal surface, and 33 patients had smaller disruptions of their corneal epithelium. Three patients had minor complications secondary to surgical intervention. Thirty-seven patients had isolated seventh nerve palsies, and 17 patients also had fifth nerve pareses affecting their ocular surfaces. The average preoperative lagophthalmos was 6.3 mm, and the average postoperative lagophthalmos after all ocular procedures was 1.6 mm. The mean follow-up time was 19.7 months. Conclusions: Treatment options for seventh cranial nerve deficits are reviewed. A decision-making process for the treatment steps is proposed and analyzed.
Treatment of Bell's palsy with acyclovir and prednisolone; Many current studies have suggested that herpes simplex virus is a probable cause of Bell's palsy, and that treatment with antiviral agents such as acyclovir might benefit the patients. In the present study, 69 patients with Bell's palsy were treated with oral administration of acyclovir (2000mg/day) and prednisolone (60~40mg/day) at Ehime University Hospital between Oct. 1995 and Dec. 1998. Patients enrolled in this study met the following criteria: 1) severe or complete paralysis with a score lower than 20 by the 40-point Japanese grading system, and 2) treatment started within 7 days of onset. The overall recovery rate was 95.7% (66/69). The rate in patients who started this treatment within 3 days after disease onset was 100%, and this early treatment was highly efficacious in the prevention of nerve degeneration and resulted in a significantly better recovery. By comparison, the recovery rate in patients whose treatment was started 4 days or more after onset was only 84.2%. All patients who were given a diagnosis of zoster sine herpete and treated with acyclovir-prednisolone had a good outcome. These results suggest that early treatment, within 3 days after palsy onset, is necessary for effective acyclovir-prednisolone therapy of Bell's palsy.
Yolk sac tumor of the temporal bone: Report of a case; Yolk sac tumor (endodermal sinus tumor) is rarely encountered in the temporal bone. Facial nerve paralysis can be a primary manifestation of this condition. Histologically, the tumor can be difficult to diagnose, although elevated levels of alpha fetoprotein can facilitate its identification. In this report, we describe the case of an 18-month-old girl who developed peripheral VIIth nerve palsy and a polypoid mass in the left external ear canal 3 months following myringotomy. Computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging revealed that the tumor involved the left external ear canal, middle ear space, and mastoid air cells. Biopsies were consistent with a yolk sac tumor. Special staining demonstrated that only a very few tumor cells were positive for alpha fetoprotein, despite the markedly elevated level of alpha fetoprotein in her serum. The patient was treated with chemotherapy, which included cisplatin, etoposide, and bleomycin. Within a period of weeks, she experienced a complete reversal of her left VIIth nerve palsy, a marked decrease in her serum alpha fetoprotein levels, and a dramatic resolution of the tumor as demonstrated radiographically. Such a successful chemotherapeutic response in this case argues against surgical intervention in other cases, particularly in view of the risk of serious complications with surgery.
Lid retraction in endocrine orbitopathy. A new indication for 'lid loading'; Lid retraction in thyroid ophthalmopathy may lead to cosmetic and functional problems. Many surgical procedures are available to correct upper lid retraction. Only those procedures should be used that lead either to a limited lid lengthening or can be reversed in cases with complications. Upper lid gold weight implantation was first used to treat lagophthalmos in patients with facial palsy. Since 1995 only a few reports have appeared which discuss plantinum as an implantation material. We report our experiences with a female patient who developed an upper lid retraction due to thyroid ophthalmopathy. Through implantation of a platinum weight which was adjusted exactly preoperatively, a symmetric palpebral fissure was achieved. Unilateral upper lid retraction with resultant eyelid asymmetry is a new indication for lid loading.
Cranial nerve VII region of the traumatized facial skeleton: Optimizing fracture repair with the endoscope; Objective: Cranial nerve VII (CN VII) is anatomically positioned adjacent to the condylar neck of the mandible and arch of the midface. Fracture treatment of this region of the facial skeleton remains controversial because of difficult surgical access. Conservative management rarely achieves anatomic fracture repair and can result in irreversible structural deformity and dysfunction. Traditional operative methods require access through very visible facial incisions and risk injury to the facial nerve. We report endoscopic methods of facial fracture repair in the region of CN VII that achieve excellent fracture reduction and stabilization, with minimal risk of facial nerve injury by using hidden incisions. Methods: A consecutive series of 65 endoscopically assisted facial fracture repairs were analyzed. Endoscopic repairs of the condylar neck (n = 40) of the mandible were performed through an intraoral incision. Endoscopic arch repairs (n = 25) of the midface were performed through a preauricular incision. Outcomes were evaluated by postoperative fracture reduction on radiographs, occlusion, interincisal jaw opening, and facial nerve function. Results: Thirty-seven of 40 condylar neck mandible fractures went on to anatomic bone union, whereas 3 of 40 had either incomplete fracture reduction or re-fracture through the plate. There was one temporary palsy of CN VII that completely resolved spontaneously. Jaw opening exceeded 40 mm by the 8th postoperative week. Computed tomographic images demonstrated anatomic arch repair in all 25 endoscopically repaired cases. Six of seven endoscopically repaired Le Fort III facial fractures went on to restoration of their premorbid occlusion. One of seven had an excellent restoration of the occlusal interface but a cant to the occlusal plane. Two of seven had improved but incomplete restoration of the malar prominence and enopthalmos ipsilateral to the side of endoscopic arch repair. Eight of 25 endoscopic arch repairs developed temporary paralysis of the frontal branch of CN VII that recovered completely by the 10th postoperative week. Conclusion: We have developed novel endoscopically assisted techniques to facilitate repair of facial fractures in the region of CN VII. These techniques have been successfully applied to accurately restore the facial skeleton to its preinjury anatomic position in the region of CN VII with minimal risk of facial paralysis by using limited and well-hidden incisions.
Herpes zoster oticus following mandibular block; Although a few cases of facial palsy following mandibular nerve block and dental surgery have been described, it would appear that herpes zoster oticus following dental surgery has not been documented. It is possible that the latent virus may be activated by the mandibular nerve block and dental surgical interventions. Two cases of herpes zoster oticus, both following inferior alveolar nerve block anaesthesia for dental treatment are presented.
Lyme borreliosis as a cause of facial palsy during pregnancy; The medical history of a pregnant woman in whom the initial pattern of complaints suggested hyperemesis gravidarum is described. After about 18 days the patient developed left facial palsy. Repeated tests eventually confirmed the diagnosis of neuroborreliosis. The problems concerning diagnostics, therapy and the possible complications of Lyme borreliosis during gestation are described. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Bell's palsy: A 10-year experience with antiphlogistic-rheologic infusion therapy; Objective: Treatment of idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis has remained controversial in many aspects. The authors report their experience with a protocol based on high-dose prednisolone with intravenous low- molecular-weight dextran and pentoxifylline. For this regimen, the term antiphlogistic-rheologic infusion therapy (ARIT) has been coined. Study Design: Retrospective case-series review. Setting: University-based hospital of otorhinolaryngology/head and neck surgery. Patients: 334 patients suffering from sudden facial paralysis of unknown cause. Intervention: Treatment consisted uniformly of prednisolone in a starting dosage of 250 mg tapering over 18 days and accompanying infusion of dextran and pentoxifylline. Main Outcome Measures: Facial nerve function after 6 months, adverse effects of therapy and comorbidity. Results: From 239 patients with nonrecurrent palsy having received treatment within 12 days after onset, 92% recovered completely (House-Brackmann [HB] Grade I) without sequelae. In incomplete palsy (HB Grade II-V), normal facial function was restored in 97% of cases. Results were significantly better in the group in which therapy had been started within 3 days after the onset of palsy. Other factors such as old age, hypertension, or diabetes did not seem to influence the functional outcome in this series. Serious adverse effects requiring termination of therapy were observed in 1.2% of cases. Conclusion: ARIT for Bell's palsy is safe and leads to recovery rates superior to the most optimistic observations of the natural course.
Clinical and MRI findings in a patient with zoster oticus (Ramsay-Hunt syndrome); We present a case of a 54-year old man with Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. The characteristic constellation of facial nerve paralysis in association with herpetic eruption (in our patient in dermatorne C2) and complications of vestibulo-cochlear dysfunction was present. The trigeminal nerve and cervical dermatome C2 were also involved. MRI showed an abnormal enhancement of the facial nerve involving the geniculate ganglion. After systemic acyclovir therapy most symptoms recovered with the exception of hearing loss.
Present management of facial paralysis associated to petrous bone fracture; After almost a century of being well known, there is still no consensus concerning to the management and surgical indications in patients with post- traumatic facial paralysis. The main objective of this study was to find a possible relationship between the details of the skull fracture provided by high-resolution CT scan and the onset and evolution of facial paralysis. A second aim was to validate the management protocol used in our department. We performed a prospective study on 216 patients diagnosed during three consecutive years. We found 111 petrous bone fractures and classified them according to the high-resolution CT into two types of longitudinal, three types of transverse and one type of oblique or mixed fracture. We observed good results (House Grades I to III) in 91.3% of the patients, with only two surgical indications. One of the longitudinal types of fracture showed an statistically significant relationship with the onset of paralysis. Among all the parameters considered, only the time of onset revealed as an important prognosis factor. We discuss our results and by reviewing the literature draw our conclusions. We emphasize the utility of conservative treatment in the management of this pathology.
Fascioperiosteal flap and neo-osteogenesis in radical mastoidectomy: Long-term results; We performed an analysis of long-term outcomes data on 60 patients with chronic otitis media with cholesteatoma who had undergone a surgical procedure based on an improved radical mastoidectomy and an inferiorly based fascioperiosteal flap. We found that at the 2-, 7-, 10-, and 13-year postoperative followup visits, all mastoid cavities were healthy and reduced in volume. At the final examination, the mean cavity volume was found to be decreased by 39% of the mean volume measured 1 month postoperatively. This reduction in volume is attributable to the neo-osteogenic activity of the flap, which was confirmed by histopathologic and radiologic findings. No recurrences took place.
Reanimation of early facial paralysis with hypoglossal/facial end-to-side neurorrhaphy: A new approach; The classic hypoglossal transfer to the facial nerve invariably results in profound functional deficits in speech, mastication, and swallowing, and causes synkinesis and involuntary movements in the facial muscles despite good reanimation. Techniques such as a hypoglossal/facial nerve interpositional jump graft and splitting the hypoglossal nerve cause poor functional results, in facial reanimation and mild-to-moderate hemiglossal atrophy, respectively. Direct hypoglossal/facial nerve cross-over through end-to-side coaptation without tension was done in three flesh cadavers and four patients. The patients had facial paralysis for less than 7 months. Complete mobilization of the facial nerve trunk and its main branches beyond the pes anserinus from the stylomastoid foramen, division of the frontal branch, if necessary, and superior elevation of the hypoglossal nerve after dividing the descendens hypoglossi, thyrohyoidal branches, occipital artery, and retromandibular veins were performed. The end of the facial nerve was hooked up through both a quarter of a partial oblique neurotomy and a perineurial window at the side of the hypoglossal nerve. Temporalis muscle transfer to the eyelids and the first stage of cross-facial nerve transfer were performed simultaneously. None of the patients experienced hemiglossal atrophy, synkinesis, and involuntary movements of the facial muscles. Regarding facial reanimation, one patient had excellent, one patient good, and the others fair and poor results after a follow-up of at least 1 year.
Reactivation of varicella-zoster virus in delayed facial palsy after dental treatment and oro-facial surgery; In rare cases, acute peripheral facial palsy occurs several days after dental treatment and oro-facial surgery. Surgical procedures have been known to trigger reactivation of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) and herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1). The present study examined eight patients who exhibited delayed facial palsy after dental treatment or oro-facial surgery. Ramsay Hunt syndrome was diagnosed in three patients and varicella-zoster virus (VZV) reactivation without zoster lesions (zoster sine herpete) was diagnosed in three patients either by PCR or serological assay. Therefore, VZV reactivation was detected in 75% (6 of 8) of patients who exhibited delayed facial palsy after dental or oro-facial treatment. The results suggest that VZV reactivation is a major cause of delayed facial palsy after dental treatment or oro-facial surgery. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Neurological consequences scuba diving with chronic sinusitis; Sinus barotrauma from scuba diving is relatively common, usually self-limiting, and often the result of transient nasal pathology. We describe serious neurological sequelae occurring in two scuba divers who had chronic sinusitis. We suggest guidelines for evaluating and treating divers who have chronic sinusitis. Divers with nasal or sinus pathology should be aware of the potentially serious consequences associated with scuba diving even after endoscopic sinus surgery to correct this condition.
Basal skull injury; Only 6% of basal skull fractures are isolated, whereas in most cases (94%) they are extensions of skull vault fractures. Frontal or occipital impact products a fracture running along the sagittal plane whereas injury to the vertex causes a fracture running on the coronal plane. The symptoms of basal skull fracture are related to the site of injury. Anterior basal injury gives rise to anosmia, periorbital haematoma and CSF rhinorrhoea, whereas posterior fractures cause bleeding through the external auditory meatus, hypacusia,vestibular dysfunction, peripheral paralysis of the facial nerve and CSF otorrhoea. CSF fistula is much more common in patients with basal fractures (11%) than those with generalised head injury (3%). The incidence of CSF rhinorrhoea is much greater in fractures of the median anterior basal skull: high resolution CT coronal scanning with a thickness of 1-3 mm is the investigation of choice and can disclose the presence of fractures in 70% of cases. In the remainder, MR cisternography, cisterno-CT or radionuclide cisternography can be used- Carotid cavernous fistulae or pseudo-aneurysms of the internal carotid artery may be the result of basal skull fractures involving the intrapetrous or intracavernous segments of the artery. Endovascular treatment is the method of choice in both cases. Lastly, injury to the posterior basal skull may cause fractures of the temporal bone: the most common are longitudinal fractures (70-90%) running along the main axis of the petrous bone with a lateral course to the auditory capsule, often causing transmissive hypacusia (due to involvement of the tympanum or ossicular complex) and sometimes peripheral paralysis of the facial nerve (20% of cases). Less common (10-30%), but more severe, are transverse fractures running orthogonally to the main axis of the petrous bone causing neurosensory hypacusia (due to involvement of the cochlea), vertigo, nystagmus or CSF otorrhoea (due to involvement of the semicircular canals) and lastly paralysis of the facial nerve (50% of cases).
Cerebellopontine angle lymphoma presenting as chronic mastoiditis; Middle-ear tumours are not uncommonly mistaken for mastoiditis on presentation. We report a case of cerebellopontine angle non-Hodgkin's B-cell lymphoma originally presenting as a middle-ear inflammatory process. In mastoiditis not resolving with conventional treatment it is important to look for an underlying cause.
Pleomorphic adenoma involving the stylomastoid foramen; A rare case of an intratemporal pleomorphic adenoma is presented and the management of such a tumour is discussed. Some anatomical aspects of the facial nerve, pertinent to the pathophysiology of facial paralysis are outlined. This case demonstrates that tumour extension into the temporal bone can be resected successfully at initial surgery with excellent facial nerve functional outcome. We advocate exploration of the fallopian canal to be carried out at primary surgery and be performed by a surgeon familiar with the surgical anatomy of the intratemporal segment of the facial nerve. This approach will reduce the risk of facial nerve injury and palsy both at surgery and subsequently.
Recurrent facial nerve palsy on flying; We report a case of a patient who experienced transient recurrent facial nerve palsies during flights on commercial aeroplanes. Although this condition is well recognized in divers, only six cases have been reported to occur on flying. The pathophysiology of this condition is discussed.
Botulinum toxin in otolaryngology: A review of its actions and opportunities for use; Botulinum toxin has several important properties that make it an ideal chemical denervator. These include its high degree of specificity for the neuromuscular junction, its ability to induce temporary and reversible denervation, and its limited degree of side effects and complications. Botulinum toxin is being used safely in a wide variety of clinical settings by many different specialists. In otolaryngologic practice, it is being administered for the treatment of at least a dozen conditions, including various dysphonias, dystonias, and spasms as well as torticollis, facial nerve paralysis, and hyperkinetic facial lines. Studies have shown that botulinum toxin injections have a high rate of success in temporarily relieving symptoms.
Facial nerve paralysis as a sequelae of chronic suppurative otitis; INTRODUCTION: Facial palsy can be a consequence of untreated chronic suppurative otitis media. This disease can last for many years manifesting as partial deafness and ear effusion resulting in palsy after spreading of pathological process in the surrounding cranial structures. The patient with facial palsy cannot rise his forehead, nor close his eye on the involved side, while his cheek and lips just fall. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This retrospective research included patients operated for chronic suppurative otitis media with facial palsy during the last ten years. We have examined data on duration of disease, time of development of facial palsy and relations with other otogenic complications. RESULTS: We described 19 patients with this otogenic complication. Most of them--13 (68%) had symptoms of chronic suppurative otitis media for several years. In some cases, we found other otogenic complications, like acute mastoiditis in 4 (21%), meningitis in 4 (21%), cerebral abscesses in 1 (5%) and cerebellar abscesses in 1 (5%). All patients were operated and the pathological process was completely removed. During operation we found polypoid formations in 9 (47%) patients, granulation tissue in 8 (42%) and cholesteatoma in 7 (37%) cases. In 16 (84.2%) we did not find any visible defects on facial nerve canal, in 2 (10%) cases pathological process destroyed the canal in the tympanic region, and in 1 (5%) facial nerve was partially bare in tympanic and mastoid region. 16 (84.2%) patients have fully recovered, in 2 (10%) cases sequelae remained and in 1 (5%) patient, who had meningitis and cerebral abscess, there were no signs of recovery. DISCUSSION: Facial paralysis as an otogenic complication, can originate from acute otitis media and secretory otitis media. The pathological process in chronic suppurative otitis media causes changes in mucous of middle ear, manifested by edema, submucous fibrosis and infiltration with chronic inflammation cells. Progressive spreading of these inflammation changes causes osteitis, which provokes invasion and bone destruction of inner ear, durae or facial canal and development of palsy. The sex of patients is not relevant. The significant data concern the duration of disease since 13 (68%) patients have suffered from chronic otitis for several years. This points out the silent character of the disease. The clinical picture of all patients with peripheral facial palsy is identical, no matter of etiology, so they are often wrongly classified and treated as Bell's palsy. That is the reason for imperative examination of middle ear in every patient with respective symptoms. Late and inadequate treatment is a common cause of further progressiveness of disease, which causes development of other otogenic complications that can jeopardize life of patient. Acute mastoiditis is the most frequently mentioned, but we also recorded the most severe complications as otogenic meningitis and cerebral and cerebellar abscesses. It is possible that bacterial toxins penetrate and provoke neuritis with bigger or smaller edema. On the other side, it is commonly considered that facial palsy appears with cholesteatoma of middle ear. Cholesteatoma directly distracts bones and provokes inflammation and also makes compression on nerve itself. Our research showed that there were no visible bone defects in most of the cases 16 (84%), but process developed through cracks, and only in 2 (10%) defect was in tympanic part of canal and in 1 (5.8%) facial nerve was bare in tympanic and partially in mastoid part two centimeters in length. Pathological process was operationally removed without opening the facial canal, because removal of the process provides decompression and relieve of nerve. Operation is followed by medicamentous treatment (antibiotics, corticosteroids). This treatment succeeded with full recovery in 16 (84.2%) patients, partial recovery in 2 (10%) and only one did not have any signs of recovery. CONCLUSION: Otogenic facial
Central nervous system involvement in sarcoidosis presenting as a recurrent pituitary mass; Objective: To report a patient with an unusual presentation of central nervous system sarcoidosis. Methods: We present a case report of a woman who had a recurrence of a pituitary mass 8 to 10 years after the initial diagnosis. Results: A 46-year-old African-American woman presented with headache, right-sided paresthesias, slurred speech, facial asymmetry and unsteady gait. MRI showed a pituitary mass with inhomogeneous enhancement and a thickened pituitary stalk. Laboratory evaluation revealed central hypothyroidism. Biopsy of the mass showed extensive atrophy of the pituitary tissue, chronic inflammatory cells and numerous noncaseating epithelial granulomas. Subsequently, she developed partial central diabetes insipidus. Conclusion: Central nervous system sarcoidosis, though a rare cause of pituitary mass, should be considered in the differential diagnosis, especially in the presence of a thickened stalk.
Hypertrophic pachymeningitis. A review of the histories of two cases and pathological relationship with the Tolosa-Hunt syndrome and the orbital pseudotumor; INTRODUCTION: Hypertrophic pachymeningitis is an infrequent condition which starts with a thickening of the dura mater and whose pathogenesis is unknown. We present two new cases of unknown aetiology. CLINICAL CASE: Case 1. A 53 year old man complained of occipital headache, tinnitus and deafness since February 1981. In October 1981 he was admitted to hospital with a worse headache, perio-orbital pain, dysgeusia and ipsilateral peripheral facial palsy. In December he had generalized tonic-clonic seizures and paralysis of the VII and XI right cranial nerves and IX, X and XII left cranial nerves. In February 1982 he developed right trigeminal neuralgia. He was readmitted in November 1983 with continuous headache, vomiting and a behavior disorder. On CT there was marked attenuation of the posterior dura mater, which the neurosurgical department considered unsuitable for biopsy. He died in March 1985. On necropsy there was hypertrophic pachymeningitis. Case 2. A 62 year old patient consulted in November 1995 complaining of right hypoacusia for the past six months, progressively accompanied by ipsilateral paralysis of the II, IV, VI, VII and VIII cranial nerves but with no other alterations on physical examination. Analytical and serological investigations were normal. Cranial MR showed an extraparenchymatous infiltrating lesion in the middle cranial fossa. Biopsy was decided on when no clinical improvement was seen with corticosteroid treatment. The pathologist reported hypertrophic pachymeningitis. Treatment was started with cyclophosphamide in monthly doses and the condition has remained stable to date. CONCLUSION: With these two cases we wish to establish a pathogenic relation between the Tolosa-Hunt syndrome and orbital pseudotumor and show the role played by immunosuppressive treatment in the control of hypertrophic pachymeningitis.
Traditional tattoos with neurological diseases in Togo; In Africa, there are two types of health systems: the modern system and the traditional one. Traditional medicine attracts more patients, because it is more financially accessible and corresponds to cultural representations of disease in society. Traditional therapeutic tattoos are not well known by the conventional health system in West Africa, although they are commonly used by traditional healers. We report here our experience of these tattoos. We examined the skin of 36,000 patients in the neurological department of the teaching hospital of Lome from 1985 to 1995. We found three types of tattoos amongst patients. The first are tribal or social tattoos: they are large, homogeneous, located on exposed parts of the body and can be seen easily by others (fig 1: g, h, i), whilst therapeutic tattoos are slight and hidden under clothes and can also be repeated (heterogeneous). The second type of tattoo is one that reveals the patient's pathological history. The third is linked to the motive of consultation. Seventy-five per cent (75%) of patients had traditional therapeutic tattoos. Epilepsy tattoos are slim, located on the forehead (fig 1a); peripheral facial paralysis tattoos are found on the facial nerve (fig 1 b). In cases of peripheral neuropathy, tattoos are symmetrically distributed on hands and legs (fig 1 f). As for medullar compression, the highest tattoos correspond to the level of compression. Studying the localisation, age, and aim of tattoos brings to light their diagnostic, prognostic, and epidemiological interests. Skin can thus reveal itself to medical staff as an open, though coded, medical file. They need only to learn how to read it.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Findings in Bilateral Bell's Palsy; Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis) is the most common cause of unilateral peripheral facial neuropathy. Bilateral involvement occurs in less than 10% of cases. The authors describe a 20-year-old man with bilateral idiopathic facial weakness. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed abnormal bilateral enhancement of the proximal intracanalicular segments of VII/VIII nerve complexes. The enhancement was most prominent in the leptomeningeal regions. There was no facial nerve swelling. Three months later he had improving residual bifacial weakness. To the authors' knowledge, this is the first report of abnormal MRI findings in bilateral Bell's palsy.
Bell's Palsy - Herpes Simplex Virus Type-1 A possible causative agent; The role of Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 (HSV-1) in Bell's Palsy was evaluated according to clinical symptomatology and serologic findings in a series of 41 patients seen over two years period. Four fold rise in antibody titre between the acute and convalescent sera suggesting a primary infection by HSV-1 was seen in 21.9% cases, while arise in titre or a constantly high titre suggesting a reactivation or recurrent infection by HSV-1 was obtained in 29.2% cases. In 48.9% cases there was a negative antibody titre. No seasonal clustering was observed. There was no relation between the recovery of facial nerve function with the antibody titre.
Vestibular schwanomma with normal hearing; Schwanomma of the vestibular nerves usually present with sensorineural hearing loss of varying degrees. We report here a large (5.5cm x 3.5cm) vestibular schwanomma with normal hearing. Other unusual features of this case were the young age (20 yrs) of the patient and absence of any otological symptoms.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma with intracranial extension; A case of embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma of the middle ear presenting with facial paralysis and a polypoidal aural mass who subsequently had convulsions due to intracranial extension is presented for its rarity.
Midface rejuvenation; Recent advances in our understanding of midfacial aging have resulted in the development of several techniques of midfacial rejuvenation. Because aging causes vertical as well as inferomedial migration of midfacial and periorbital tissues, techniques that reposition ptotic tissues in the opposite direction give the best results. Minimal incision techniques have been developed in conjunction with our understanding of the anatomy. It is vital to understand the specific indications and limitations of the various techniques discussed in this article.
Surgical treatment of cholesteatoma in children; We retrospectively reviewed patients surgically treated for cholesteatoma to determine the impact of surgical procedures on preoperative hearing status and whether there was preservation, improvement, or deterioration. We reviewed 173 patients treated over a 15-year period. One hundred eighteen (68%) patients had acquired cholesteatoma and 55 (32%) patients had congenital cholesteatoma. One hundred (58%) patients had extensive disease on presentation that required canal wall-down mastoidectomy. Patients with attic cholesteatoma underwent canal wall-up mastoidectomy, and those with cholesteatoma localized to the middle-ear space were adequately treated with tympanotomy. Hearing was preserved in 101 cases (59%), improved in 30 (17%), became worse in 23 (13%), and could not be accurately assessed in 19 (11%) due to lack of documentation. A second surgical procedure for recidivistic (recurrent or residual) disease was required in 53 (30%). Ipsilateral facial paralysis was noted in 3 (1.7%) patients immediately after recovery from anaesthesia, and 1 (0.5%) patient had a sensorineural hearing loss. This study confirmed the aggressiveness of cholesteatoma in children and demonstrated the need for careful preoperative evaluation, meticulous surgical technique, and prudent postoperative follow- up.
BDNF atelocollagen mini-pellet accelerates facial nerve regeneration; We investigated the effect of BDNF mini-pellet on the GAP-43 mRNA expression and functional status of facial nerve in a rat model of facial nerve transection and immediate repair. The facial function started to recover at 17 days in the placebo group and 14 days in the BDNF group. BDNF group had shorter period of increased GAP-43 mRNA expression than the placebo group. Topically applied BDNF may accelerate the facial nerve regeneration. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science B.V.
Radiosurgery of acoustic neurinomas: A minimally invasive alternative to microsurgery; From April 1992 to July 1998 stereotactic radiosurgery (Gamma Knife) was used to treat 1382 patients; 181 had acoustic neurinomas and were followed up, 44 of them for at least 4 years (48-75 months, median 60). With no mortality control of growth tumor was achieved in all cases but one. It was possible to preserve useful hearing in more than half of the patients (60%). In two patients complications due to the radiation with enlargement of the cystic component were observed. One patient needed additional microsurgical decompression. Three patients suffered transient incomplete facial palsy (one permanent, HBI III), and two patients complained of mild trigeminal neuropathy. One suffered from hydrocephalus and a shunting procedure was necessary. The neurological state improved in 23 patients (52%); five complained of new or worsened deficits. Radiosurgery is an effective alternative treatment for acoustic neurinomas with exceptionally low mortality and morbidity. With respect to preserving cranial nerve function the results are just as good as those of microsurgical resection. Short duration of hospitalization and quick return to normal activities make radiosurgery quite cost effective.
Primary tuberculosis of the middle ear cleft advanced presentation; Tuberculosis rarely affects the middle ear cleft primarily and therefore in the absence of a pulmonary lesion the diagnosis is often delayed resulting in various complications, such as irreversible hearing loss, facial nerve paralysis or intracranial complications. Even though, it's incidence is considered to be low it is probable that it's incidence is not the same worldwide and may vary from country to country, depending on a number of factors such as socio-economic status, under -diagnosis and under-reporting. The amazing feature of middle ear tuberculosis is the change that has occurred in the clinical behavior. The description given by various authors several years ago differs, considerably from the one found today. Most of the cases present to us in an advanced stage with complications due to misdiagnosis and therefore failure to start antituberculous treatment. In this paper, we present a case of an 11 year old child with advanced primary tuberculosis of the middle ear cleft with a huge cerebral abscess, who required gastrostomy to improve his nutritional status as he was only 15 kg in weight, which was closed after one month when his general condition improved. He underwent burrhole surgery with aspiration of abscess followed by a canal wall down tympanomastoidectomy under the cover of anti-tuberculous treatment.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis for treating facial palsy; Introduction: Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis is a very known technique for treating facial palsy. Purpose: This article had the objective to report 12 cases of hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis and their pos operatory evolution, correlating the interval between diagnosis and surgery with function recuperation. Material and Methods: The pre operatory degree of palsy, according to House-Brackman criteria, was 62% V degree and 38% VI degree. The technique was the anastomosis with the trunk of facial nerve and hipoglossal nerve ipsilateral, and in some cases were used grafts of nerves. Results: The interval between the diagnosis and surgery was 25.3 months and 15.4 months to recover. Discusion: The pos operatory results showed 8% of cases with V degree of palsy, 17% IV degree, 58% III degree and 17% II degree. Conclusion: The hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis proved to be beneficial to the patients, with important function recuperation, despite hemiatrophy of tongue.
Two cases of giant lymph-angioma in children; OK-432 therapy is performed as a first choice of therapy for lymphangioma because it provides good results without serious complications. However, when OK-432 therapy is not effective, surgical excision becomes necessary. The surgical excision of lymphangioma has two major problems, postoperative facial palsy and recurrence of the tumor. It is difficult to remove giant lymphangioma completely, because the tumor often involves the facial nerve. However, the incomplete excision of the tumor invites recurrence of the lesion. We report two cases of giant lymphangioma in the face that did not respond to OK-432 therapy. In both cases, the tumor was safely removed after the facial nerves were exposed. However, it was impossible to remove the tumor completely because the tumor had invaded the facial nerve and deep tissue. The two cases did not show tumor recurrence.
Bell's palsy in an older patient with uncontrolled hypertension due to medication nonadherence; OBJECTIVE: To describe and inform pharmacists of a rarely reported occurrence of facial palsy in an elderly patient with uncontrolled hypertension resulting from nonadherence to blood pressure medications. CASE SUMMARY: A 62-year-old Hispanic woman presented to the hypertension clinic with left facial weakness, mild eyelid lag, and auricular pain for two days. The patient self-discontinued fosinopril and minoxidil six days and two days prior to developing these symptoms, respectively. A diagnosis of idiopathic peripheral VII cranial nerve lesion was made after ruling out other possible causes. Corticosteroids were not initiated because of this patient's labile hypertension. Palliative therapy was initiated and the left facial paralysis continuously improved during the six months after discharge. DISCUSSION: Patients have rarely presented with facial paralysis as the initial feature of severe hypertension. The relationship between facial paralysis and hypertension has been reported in a small number of cases, including several reports of recurrence of paralysis during acute exacerbations of hypertension. A variety of physiologic theories to explain the relationship between facial paralysis and hypertension have been published, including small hemorrhages into the facial canal which have been confirmed by two autopsies. However, the true etiology remains unknown. CONCLUSIONS: The possible relationship between facial paralysis and uncontrolled hypertension has not been reported in pharmacy literature and has been reported only twice in subspecialty medical journals since 1990. Pharmacists should be aware of the complications of hypertension and should question patients about signs and symptoms at each visit. While Bell's palsy complicating hypertension dose not appear to be a serious complication, pharmacists must appreciate that the patient should be immediately evaluated to rule out a more serious neurologic event.
Tick-borne diseases; Tick-transmitted infectious agents have assumed increased importance as causes of human disease in the United States. During the past two decades, Lyme borreliosis, ehrlichiosis, and babesiosis have emerged as newly described tick-borne infectious diseases of significance for pediatricians and pediatric neurologists. In fact, the highest rates of infection for Lyme disease and Rocky Mountain spotted fever (RMSF), by decade of age, are in childhood. As such, tick-borne infectious disease are of considerable public health concern, particularly for children residing in endemic regions. RMSF and human ehrlichioses can be life-threatening but are also eminently treatable when recognized early. Delays in diagnosis and treatment can lead to adverse outcomes. This article reviews the clinical and epidemiological features of Lyme borreliosis, RMSF, and ehrlichiosis, important causes of neurological illness among children, and summarizes current therapeutic and preventive strategies.
Radiosurgery of vestibular schwannomas: A minimally invasive alternative to microsurgery; From April 1992 till December 1998 stereotactic radiosurgery (Gamma Knife) was applied to 192 patients with vestibular schwannomas. 56 of them had radiosurgery as primary treatment modality and were followed-up for at least 4 years (48-80 months, median 62). Without fatal complications, control of tumour growth was achieved in all but three cases, useful hearing being preserved in more than one half of the patients ((62%). The neurological state improved in 30 patients (54%). Irradiation-associated adverse effects (18%) comprised neurological signs (incomplete facial palsy, four cases (two recovered completely), and mild trigeminal neuropathy, three cases, respectively) and morphological changes (three patients) marked by an enlargement of pre-existing cystic components calling for additional surgical treatment. Microsurgical decompression was performed in two cases, the third patient underwent a shunting procedure because of hydrocephalus formation. Based on the present data, radiosurgery represents an effective treatment for vestibular schwannomas associated with an exceptionally low mortality rate and a good quality of life. With respect to the preservation of cranial nerve function, results are comparable to microsurgical resection. A short duration of hospitalization and a quick return to normal activities constitute further advantages and contribute to cost effectiveness in public health care.
A nine-year retrospective study of parotid tumors; During the last 9 years 61 patients were operated on for parotid tumors in the ENT Department of the University Hospital of Crete. Mixed tumors accounted for 25% of the parotid tumors, Warthin's tumor for 11%, other benign tumors for 16%, and all the malignant tumors for 21%. Pain was the most common symptom occurring in 62% of the patients with malignant parotid tumors, whereas pain was a symptom in only 4% of the benign tumors. Superficial parotidectomy was performed in 74%, total parotidectomy in 16% and 'shelling out' in 10%. The facial nerve was sacrificed in 5% due to its involvement with the tumor, while a temporary paresis of facial nerve was noted in 18% of the patients. No recurrence was observed during follow-up of the benign tumors. Two malignant tumors metastasized to distant sites two years after surgery.
Androgen induced acceleration of functional recovery after rat sciatic nerve injury; Purpose: Testosterone (T) treatment accelerates recovery from facial paralysis after facial nerve crush in hamsters. In this study, we extended those studies to another injury model and asked the following question: Will T treatment accelerate recovery from lower limb paralysis following sciatic nerve crush in the rat? Methods: Castrated adult male rats received a right side sciatic nerve crush at the level of the sciatic notch, with the left side serving as control. Half the animals received a subcutaneous implant of a propionated form of T (TP), the others were sham-implanted. Weekly testing using the Sciatic Functional Index (SFI), a quantitative measure of locomotion, was done for 7 weeks postoperative (wpo). Results: Between 3 and 5 weeks post-op, the average SFI score of the TP-treated group was higher than controls. This difference was significant at 4 wpo, indicating an accelerated degree of functional recovery. At these timepoints, the differences were attributable to the footprint or paw length and associated with calf muscle reinnervation rather than the toespreading component associated with intrinsic foot muscle reinnervation. Beyond 5 wpo, there were no differences in the SFI scores. Conclusion: The results indicate that, as with facial nerve regeneration in the hamster, testosterone accelerates functional recovery from hind limb paralysis following sciatic nerve injury in the rat. While the responses of spinal motoneurons to injury can differ from those of cranial motoneurons, in this case it appears that they share a similar response to the trophic actions of androgen. This is important in the context of designing therapeutic strategies for dealing with direct trauma to motoneurons resulting from both peripheral and central nervous system trauma, such as spinal cord injury.
Rhythmic involuntary movement of the neck in a patient with brainstem encephalitis; A 36-year-old Japanese woman was admitted to our hospital, because of facial palsy, ophthalmoplegia, cerebellar ataxia, and rhythmic myoclonus of the neck. About a few weeks before admission, she developed symptoms of common cold and general fatigue. Her laboratory data were unremarkable, and her CSF was normal. Serum levels of antibodies to gangliosides were within normal limits. Her MRIs of the brain and neck were normal. Both somatosensory evoked cortical potential study and auditory evoked brainstem response study were normal. She was diagnosed as posfinfectious brainstem encephalitis, and the administration of corticosteroid was started. After the treatment, her symptoms improved. To our knowledge, it is rare to see myoclonus of the neck without palatal tremor in patients with brainstem encephalitis.
Sudden unexpected death following stellate ganglion block; A 29-year-old woman, who had been suffering from left facial palsy, died 3.5 hours after undergoing stellate ganglion block (SGB). Autopsy revealed subcutaneous emphysema of the body, bilateral pneumothorax and a huge post-tracheal hematoma. The lower half of the trachea was markedly flattened by pressure from this hematoma. The cause of death was certified as airway obstruction due to a post-tracheal hematoma following SGB. The doctor cut both the anterior and the posterior wall of the trachea, because the trachea was flattened by the hematoma. He then intubated and sent air into the post-tracheal space. We consider that the patient could have recovered if she had received the correct tracheotomy. We therefore conclude that there was professional error on the part of the doctor in the form of medical malpractice.
Acoustic neurinoma and its treatment using the Leksell γ-knife as a primary or secondary treatment; Over 4 years (1992-1996) we have treated 122 patients with unilateral acoustic neurinoma using the Leksell γ-knife; 121 patients had a follow-up of 2-48 months (median 24 months). Tumor volume was 0.1-17.8 cm3 (median 2.9 cm3); dose to the tumor margin was 10-17.5 Gy (median 12 Gy) delivered on 40-80% isodose (median 50%). A decrease in the tumor volume was observed in 41.3% of patients, the tumor volume was unchanged in 54.6%, and an increase in the tumor despite radiosurgery was observed in 4.1%. Hearing loss was detected in 17.4% of patients, and 3% of patients gained useful hearing after radiosurgery. The overall risk of the method is 4.3% of hearing loss. Weakness of the facial nerve was observed in 1.9% of patients; normalization of the weakness, which was present before radiosurgery, was observed in 6.3% of patients. The overall risk of facial weakness is 1% for γ-knife radiosurgery. Impairment of trigeminal neuropathy was observed in 5% of patients and improvement in 31%. Impairment of vertigo was observed in 5.8% of patients and improvement in 46%. Leksell γ-knife radiosurgery was the primary treatment in 97 patients (80.7%); microsurgical resection preceded radiosurgery in 24 patients (19.8%). Hearing loss and neuropathy of facial and trigeminal nerves before γ-knife radiosurgery were significantly more frequent in the group of patients with previous microsurgical resection than in the group with γ-knife radiosurgery as the primary treatment. After radiosurgery there was no significant difference in impairment or improvement of hearing, facial and trigeminal nerve neuropathy, and vertigo and imbalance for the groups of patients with previous microsurgery or primary γ-knife treatment. After γ-knife radiosurgery neuropathy of facial and trigeminal nerves in the group of patients with previous microsurgery was significantly worse.
Surgical management of seventh nerve paralysis and floppy eyelid syndrome; A seven-stage approach to the management of the paretic eyelid complex has been described. These stages include supportive care, planning and execution of general facial reanimation, lower eyelid and canthal resuspension or support, passive upper eyelid animation, dynamic lid animation and soft tissue repositioning. A final stage, the epilogue, is described for the treatment of the synkinesis and hypertonicity that often develop. Recent developments in these areas are discussed. Floppy eyelid syndrome, first described by Culbertson and Ostler, is a syndrome of chronic papillary conjunctivitis in overweight patients with easily everted eyelids. The syndrome has now been associated with a variety of other conditions and findings. Surgical management with horizontal shortening of the floppy eyelids remains the mainstay of therapy. (C) 1999 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins, Inc.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome associated with brain stem enhancement; Postcontrast T1-weighted MR images in a patient with Ramsay Hunt syndrome showed an enhancing lesion in the region of the nucleus of the pontine facial nerve and abnormal enhancement of the intrameatal, labyrinthine, and tympanic facial nerve segments and of the geniculate ganglion, as well as enhancement of the vestibulocochlear nerve and parts of the membranous labyrinth. This enhancement most probably resulted from a primary neuritis of the intrameatal nerve trunks of the seventh and eighth cranial nerves.
Cisapride versus placebo for 8 weeks on glycemic control and gastric emptying in insulin-dependent diabetes: A double blind cross-over trial; In insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, slow gastric emptying may make absorption unpredictable and foster glycemic instability. Cisapride accelerates emptying, but controlled long term studies are scarce, and effects on glycemic control unknown. We investigated, in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and unstable glycemia, the effects of 10 mg cisapride 4 times daily for 8 weeks vs. placebo on glycemic control and gastric emptying under random, cross-over, double blind conditions. In 14 patients with delayed and 9 with nondelayed emptying, blood glucose variability over 2 8-week treatment periods separated by a 4-week wash-out and gastric emptying of a semisolid 1168-kJ meal immediately after the treatment periods were assessed. Cisapride did not affect glycemic control [SD of within-patient mean blood glucose, 4.2 mmol/L ± 0.1 (±SEM) vs. 4.0 ± 0.1 mmol/L after placebo; hemoglobin A(1c), 8.3 ± 0.2% vs. 8.5 ± 0.2%]. Emptying was faster after cisapride than after placebo in 8 of 14 patients with delayed vs. 7 of 9 with nondelayed emptying (P = NS) and in 11 of 15 without vs. 4 of 8 with cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (P = NS). Autonomic neuropathy prevailed in 7 of 14 patients with delayed and 1 of 9 with nondelayed emptying. Blood glucose immediately before and during assessment of emptying was unrelated to the emptying rate, whereas blood glucose increases over fasting levels were greater with faster emptying (P < 0.002). In conclusion, cisapride's effects were not different from those of placebo on glycemic control and gastric emptying, it did not differently affect patients with delayed vs. nondelayed emptying, and it slightly accelerated emptying (P = NS) in patients without, but not in those with, cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy. Blood glucose levels before and during assessment of emptying did not affect emptying, but the glucose rise over fasting levels was greater with faster emptying.
Malignant otitis externa and diabetes: report of 4 cases; Malignant otitis externa (MOE) is an uncommon infective but potentially fatal entity caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa. It involves almost exclusively advanced aged diabetic patients. We report here four cases diagnosed at our hospital during the last 7 years. Clinical manifestations included otalgia, purulent otorrhoea, involvement of different cranial nerves and bony destruction; one patient died because of bronchoaspiration and two are alive but with sequelae. MOE should be suspected in every diabetic patient with otitis which goes unresolved with the usual antibiotic therapy. On the other hand, facial palsy should not always be attributed to a diabetic mononeuropathy and the presence of MOE should be ruled out when otitis coexists or precedes it.
A case of endolymphatic sac tumor with long-term survival.; A 72-year-old man developed left facial palsy at age 14 and left-sided hearing loss at age 20. At the age of 59, he presented with gait disturbance, and a large left cerebellopontine angle tumor was detected, which had markedly destroyed the pyramidal bone. The tumor was subtotally resected, but he required two more operations at the ages of 64 and 69 because of tumor regrowth. At the present time, recurrent tumor has destroyed the occipital bone and is invading the scalp. However, even though he has several cranial nerve palsies and cerebellar ataxia, he remains in stable condition and demonstrates long-term survival. The patient's surgical specimens revealed a papillary adenoma, which was recently thought to be of endolymphatic sac origin, although the origin of this kind of tumor, whether arising from the middle ear or from the endolymphatic sac, has not been established with certainty so far. In this paper, we provide further evidence that this tumor originates from the endolymphatic sac, based on anatomical, histopathological, and embryological evidence.
Orofacial disease: update for the dental clinical team: 10. Halitosis and disturbances of taste, orofacial movement or sensation.; This article discusses halitosis, and disorders of taste, orofacial movement or sensation.
Botulinum toxin: Issues and applications; Botulinum toxin is becoming a useful therapeutic toll for the treatment of many diseases in several disciplines. Following its application for regional movement disorders, such as blepharospasm, strabismus, and spasmodic torticollis, this agent is now being used for the treatment of certain pain syndromes and in facial cosmetic applications. Despite the proliferation in use, issues involving the pharmocology of materials and bioeffects that are important to this therapy are only partially understood. In this review, some recent published literature on newer applications and significant issues pertinent to this important technology are outlined. © 1999 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Bilateral facial nerve palsy secondary to the administration of high- dose paclitaxel; Bilateral facial nerve palsy is an uncommon occurrence. We describe a case of bilateral facial nerve palsy secondary to a single cycle of high-dose paclitaxel therapy (825 mg/m2), in a woman with breast cancer. Prior to her high-dose therapy, she had a residual grade 2 peripheral neuropathy following treatment with ten cycles of standard-dose paclitaxel (total dose 3200 mg). The features of the peripheral neuropathy due to standard-dose paclitaxel, which can be both motor and sensory, are well described. Cumulative paclitaxel dose is considered a risk factor for development of the neuropathy. Although facial nerve palsy secondary to paclitaxel is not previously reported, other cranial nerve toxicity has been described. Consistent with reports of the reversibility of paclitaxel-induced peripheral neuropathy, the facial nerve palsies in our patient resolved over 23 months. Ongoing studies of high-dose paclitaxel warrant close attention to its cumulative neurotoxic effects, particularly in patients previously treated with neurotoxic chemotherapy.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in childhood: Successful management with combination steroid and minocycline therapy; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome consists of a triad of recurrent lip and/or face swelling, fissured tongue, and intermittent facial palsy. Onset of the symptoms may occur during childhood, and treatment of the condition is difficult. We describe two children with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in whom combination treatment with prednisone and minocycline proved effective and well tolerated.
Bell's palsy and herpes viruses: To (acyclo)vir or not to (acyclo)vir?; The majority of peripheral seventh cranial nerve palsy cases remain without an identified etiology and will eventually be diagnosed as idiopathic or Bell's palsy. Some features of this condition may be characteristic of a viral infection. Indeed, several herpes viruses have been implicated as potential causative pathogens. Besides varicella-zoster virus, shown to cause Bell's palsy under the Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, recent years have seen an increased interest and focus on the possible herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) etiology in idiopathic facial paralysis. We review the clinical, biological and virological basis for the potential herpetic cause of Bell's palsy and the rational for antiviral therapy in this condition.
Salivary duct carcinoma of the parotid gland: a case report.; The authors report a case of a salivary duct carcinoma (SDC) of the parotid gland revealed by a facial palsy. The clinical and pathological features of this highly malignant neoplasm are described. The aggressive nature of this form demands a combined chemo-radio-surgical treatment; only early recognition and treatment are likely to result in a favourable outcome.
Large intrapetrous facial schwannoma presenting as a glomus tumor.; A 45 y old man suffered since a long time from right-sided hearing loss, tinnitus and, very recently, facial palsy. CT-scanning and MRI showed a very large intrapetrous lesion centered on the jugular foramen suggestive for a glomus tumor. During surgery a facial schwannoma was disclosed. The management and therapy of this lesion is discussed.
Long-term comparison of a newly designed gold implant with the conventional implant in facial nerve paralysis; Patients with complete facial nerve palsy are at risk for eye complications resulting from exposure of the cornea and loss of the blinking reflex. Failure of protection predisposes the patient to exposure keratitis, corneal abrasion and, in rare cases, blindness. The mainstays of nonsurgical therapy are cumbersome, obscure vision, and are mostly helpful in patients with acute facial paralysis in whom recovery of orbicularis oculi function is expected. Methods of lid-loading using metal implants and gold eyelid weights have been reported in the literature. Between October of 1988 and March of 1995, 32 patients with lagophthalmos due to facial nerve palsy underwent a total of 34 procedures for the insertion of a gold eyelid weight. Each patient had a gold weight inserted into a small pocket between the orbicularis oculi and the tarsal plate of the upper eyelid. The gold implant is curved to fit the curvature of the eye and contains holes for fixation to the tarsus with sutures. Ingrowth of fibrous tissue through the holes may also help fix the weight in position. Between 1988 and 1991, 10 patients received 10 commercially available rectangular gold implants with 2 holes; these implants resulted in adverse effects, such as infection and exposure in up to 30 percent of the cases. Because of the high complication rate with the rectangular gold implant, the authors began using a new, elliptical gold implant with 3 holes, which is longer, thinner, wider in the center, and narrower in the peripheral portion. This new elliptical implant was used on 22 patients (24 implants) from December of 1991 through March of 1995. The mean follow-up time for the 32 patients in the study was 41.3 months (range, 6 to 63 months), 49.8 months for patients with rectangular implants and 32.8 months for patients with elliptical implants. The elliptical gold implant resulted in dynamic closure of the eyelid and in excellent protection and cosmesis. Lagophthalmos and exposure keratitis resolved, visual acuity significantly improved without complications, and most patients could dispense with eyedrops and salves. A lower eyelid supporting procedure (conchal cartilage graft) should be performed simultaneously in patients with lagophthalmos of a moderate or severe degree to achieve complete closure of the eyelid. Use of a tall pillow decreased the incidence of eyelid opening during sleep. Double eyelid fold operations were performed on the contralateral eyelid after 6 months, resulting in a symmetrical and beautiful eyelid.
Relationship between muscle activity of the frontalis and the associated brow displacement; Although the relationship between regional facial muscle activity and resultant displacement of the face is important to the refinement of many of the treatments of facial paralysis and palsy, this relationship has not been adequately explored. We analyzed the relationship between frontalis muscle activity as measured with surface electromyography and the associated eyebrow displacement as measured with the maximal static response assay in 16 human volunteers. We hypothesized that graded, sustained muscle activity would correlate with graded, sustained elevation of the eyebrow. We found that (1) the relationship between the muscle activity and the corresponding displacements was best described by activity versus displacement squared (r2 = 0.993); (2) there was a wide variation between individual brows for the relationship between muscle activity and displacement; (3) there was a normal amount of asymmetry of the relationship between muscle activity and displacement between the two brows of a subject; (4) left and right frontalis generated the same amount of muscle activity, but left brows elevated significantly higher; (5) the method of simultaneous measurement of muscle activity and displacement used in this study yielded results similar to those previously reported; and (6) the methods used in this study are useful to further investigate the relationship between muscle activity and displacement.
Determining the pathway of the blink reflex through transcutaneous electrical stimulation of the facial nerve over the stylomastoid foramen; The afferent pathway of the late response (R2 component) of the blink reflex in response to transcutaneous electrical stimulation of the facial nerve over the stylomastoid foramen remains uncertain. The two major hypotheses regarding the afferent pathway of R2 are that it may consist of either the trigemino-facial or the facio-facial reflex. This study was performed to determine the afferent pathway of R2. Ninety-one patients with acute unilateral peripheral facial palsy and 21 controls were studied. The degree of facial nerve damage was classified into three groups: mild, moderate, and severe according to their electroneurographic value. In each group, the appearance rate, latency, and area under the curve of contralateral R2 elicited by electrical stimulation of the injured facial nerve over the stylomastoid foramen were measured and compared with those of controls. The contralateral R2 parameters did not differ between the patient groups and the controls. The results indicate that the afferent pathway of R2 is mediated not only through the facial nerve. We conclude that the auriculo-temporal nerve (V3) and the great auricular nerve (C2, C3) may also contribute to the afferent pathway of R2.
Corticosteroid treatment of childhood Bell's palsy; The therapeutic effect of corticosteroids in acute idiopathic peripheral nerve paralysis (Bell's palsy) in children is controversial. The authors evaluated the effect of steroids on the early and late outcome of children with Bell's palsy in a prospective randomized controlled setting. Forty-two patients (21 females, 21 males) with complete paralysis were enrolled in the study. Group 1 (n = 21) received methylprednisolone (1 mg/kg daily for 10 days orally); Group 2 (n = 21) did not. All patients were observed in the first 3 days of the disease and at 4, 6, and 12 months of follow-up. The mean age of Group 1 was 52.4 ± 4.3 months, not significantly different from that of Group 2. In Group 1, 86% and 100% exhibited normal nerve function at 4 and 6 months of follow-up, respectively; in Group 2, 72% and 86% demonstrated complete recovery at 4 and 6 months, respectively, with improvement in all patients by 12 months. The improvement rates between the treated and untreated groups did not differ significantly. No side effects necessitated steroid withdrawal. The results of this study indicate that steroid therapy initiated at an early stage of childhood Bell's palsy does not significantly improve the outcome. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Surgical management of lagophthalmos in patients with facial palsy; Purpose: A prospective before-and-after trial was designed to evaluate the role of upper-lid gold weight implantation and lower lid lateral canthoplasty in the management of patients with paralytic lagophthalmos. Patients and Methods: The study included 40 patients (age range 19 to 72, mean age 46.8), and gold weights varying from 0.6 to 1.6 g were implanted in all 40 patients. Lateral canthoplasty was performed in 14 of the patients who suffered from variable degrees of lower lid laxity. Mean follow-up period was 15.7 months (range 9 to 38). Results: Complete correction of lagophthalmos and/or ectropion with resolution of preoperative symptoms was achieved in 37 of 40 patients (92.5%), and spontaneous extrusion of the gold weight occurred in only one patient (2.5%). Conclusion: Excellent results were achieved in the management of paralytic lagophthalmos with upper-lid gold weight insertion, and simultaneous lateral canthoplasty proved to be very helpful in patients with significant hypotonia of lower lid.
Ruptured vertebral artery-posterior inferior cerebellar artery aneurysm associated with facial nerve paresis successfully treated with interlocking detachable coils -Case report-; An 81-year-old female presented with severe headache. Computed tomography revealed subarachnoid hemorrhage. She developed right facial nerve paresis on the next day. Angiography revealed a right vertebral artery- posterior inferior cerebellar artery aneurysm. The aneurysm was successfully occluded with interlocking detachable coils (IDCs) on the 7th day. Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging 1 month after IDC placement showed partially thrombosed aneurysm near the internal acoustic meatus. Ten months after the ictus, MR imaging revealed marked resolution of the intra-aneurysmal thrombus and reduction of the aneurysm size. Her facial nerve function gradually recovered during this period. Her facial nerve paresis was probably caused by acute stretching of the facial nerve by the ruptured aneurysm that was in direct contact with the nerve. Intra-aneurysmal thrombosis using coils can reduce aneurysm size and alleviate cranial nerve symptoms.
Specific impairment of smiling increases the severity of depressive symptoms in patients with facial neuromuscular disorders; Depressive symptoms and related emotional distress are prevalent among patients with facial neuromuscular disorders, and the psychological distress impacts the functional disabilities associated with the facial impairment. A specific impairment in the ability to smile may elevate the risk for depression, with patients experiencing a reduced physiological feedback associated with smiling as well as the social consequences of the inability to communicate positive emotion. We tested the hypothesis that specific impairments in the ability to smile increase the severity of depressive symptoms in patients with facial neuromuscular disorders. Twenty-nine consecutive patients (mean age, 50.2 years; SD, 17.0 years; range, 18-81 years) with a facial neuromuscular disorder, who volunteered and completed all of the assessment measures participated. Facial neuromuscular impairments were assessed using multiple measures of facial motility and dysfunction, and emotional functioning was assessed using self-report measures of depression, anxiety, and positive and negative affect. Severity of global facial impairment was statistically controlled in evaluating the association between specific impairment in smiling and the degree of depressive symptoms. Separate hierarchical linear regression analyses indicated the specific impairment of smiling contributed to the prediction of depression (R2 = .41, df = 3,25, p = .00) and anxiety (R2 = .35, df = 3,25, p = .00), controlling first for the contribution of global impairment and facial physical disability. The specific impairment of smiling did not contribute to the prediction of positive emotional experience. Specific impairment of smiling and physical disability, but not global impairment of facial motion, were key predictors of depression in patients with facial neuromuscular disorders. The results emphasize the need to assess and treat depression and anxiety in patients with a facial neuromuscular disorder.
Facial nerve grafts: From cerebellopontine angle and beyond; Objectives: To review the outcomes from facial nerve cable grafting in a variety of pathologic conditions and to determine the possible causes of poor facial function after facial nerve grafting. Study Design: A retrospective review of patients undergoing facial nerve grafts through a neurotologic procedure. Setting: This study was performed at a university-based tertiary referral center. Patients: All 27 patients undergoing a neurotologic procedure that required a facial nerve graft from 1982 to 1997 were reviewed. Fourteen patients had grafts from the facial nerve stump at the brainstem. Interventions: All patients had facial nerve function determined by the senior neurotologist and through use of historical data and photographs. Main Outcome Measure: A facial nerve repair recovery score was developed for facial nerve transection and repair. The House-Brackmann scale was found to be inappropriate for transected and repaired nerves. Results: Facial function was found in 23/25 (92%) patients with at least 8 months follow-up. Statistical analysis revealed no significant correlation between graft length and recovery score. Patients who had the nerve grafted to a site distal to the meatal foramen had a mean outcome that was nearly one grade level better than those with an anastomosis proximal to the meatal foramen (i.e., at the brainstem), but this did not reach statistical significance. Conclusions: Facial nerve grafting is an effective way of restoring facial motor function. A new facial recovery grading scale is proposed for repaired or grafted facial nerves.
Parotid carcinoma as a second malignancy after treatment of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia; The occurrence of second malignant neoplasms (SMN) in children who survive their primary malignancy is a major cause for concern. Two children with diagnoses of intermediate-risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) at 22 months and 2 years of age were treated with multiagent chemotherapy and prophylactic cranial irradiation. They experienced painless parotid swelling 6 and 7 years after successful treatment of the ALL. The patients underwent total parotidectomy, and a diagnosis of mucoepidermoid carcinoma was made. Both patients experienced transient facial nerve paresis. The incidence of SMN in children successfully treated for primary malignancies is 3% to 12%. Salivary gland tumors are being increasingly described in this setting. Long- term follow-up for survivors of childhood ALL is recommended with prompt assessment and resection of parotid swellings, particularly in children who have received cranial irradiation.
Rehabilitation of peripheral lesion n. VII supported by acupuncture; There was the group of patients with chronical lesion n. VII complicated with contractures of muscles, synkinesis and hyperkinesis, which were treated by all actual therapeutical methods. One part of them was treated only by acupuncture and associated modifications. We did not differentiate these two groups at the global evaluation. Our results are objective and real inspite of this that there are not statisticaly evaluatable because of inadequate uniformity of facts. All the patients were improved. The results did not depend on length of treatment and degree of lesion, but on age of patients. Our results show, that acupuncture may find applying in the treatment chronical and complicated cases and may contribute to complexity of rehabilitation of these cases.
Insulin-like growth factor-I promotes nerve regeneration through a nerve graft in an experimental model of facial paralysis; Among the pathological sequelae of facial paralysis is a paralytic eye. Apart from the psychological and aesthetic deficits, facial paralysis if left untreated can lead to dryness, ulceration and eventual blindness. Although numerous restorative microsurgical approaches have been introduced to address the sequelae of this problem, complete restoration of function to denervated facial muscles remains elusive. Utilizing the rat model of facial paralysis the present research has as an objective to examine a dual treatment approach. Specifically, this study combined the current microsurgical treatment of the cross-facial nerve graft with local administration of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). The efficacy of this combined approach (cross-facial nerve graft + IGF-I) was assessed in the following ways: (a) behavior measurement of the blink response and (b) histomorphometry light and electron microscopy of the entire nerve graft. These data will help provide insight into the restoration of facial muscle function after trauma and assist in the future development of more potent treatment strategies. The local administration of IGF-I (50 μg/ml) to the cross-facial nerve graft was found to restore the blink response faster and to strengthen the degree of eye closure. Light microscopy examination revealed that IGF-I significantly enhanced axonal regeneration within a nerve graft (a 22 % increase in the mean number of axons), and increased the mean nerve fiber diameter and myelin thickness. Electron microscopy assessment of the nerve grafts demonstrated that the IGF-I treated grafts possessed a greater density of microtubules, which were evenly distributed within the axoplasm.
Hydrocephalus in children: Analysis of 50 patients; Fifty patients of hydrocephalus, managed over a period of 5 years are analyzed. Most of the children were in the age group of 1 month to 1 year, with congenital hydrocephalus being the commonest cause. Significant number of patients also had associated meningocele or encephalocele. Cranial ultrasound was the most useful investigation for diagnosis. Ventriculoperitoneal shunt was the primary procedure done in all patients. Fifteen patients had shunt related complications, blocked shunts being the most common. Shunt revision was done on 10 occasions (6 patients) and one patient each underwent ventriculoatrial and ventriculo-cholecystic shunts.
Facial neuromas in children: Delayed or immediate surgery?; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the clinical characteristics and outcome of facial nerve neuromas in children. To date, no specific study has focused on children, and the management of these tumors is not codified. Design and Settings: A review of case series treated in a tertiary care center of pediatric otolaryngology. Subjects: The treatment and outcomes for 7 children (4 infants and 3 adolescents) were analyzed. Results: Six patients underwent complete removal of tumor and immediate restoration of the nerve continuity. The grade of facial palsy improved in 4 of the 6 children, but did not get better than grade 3 (House classification). The remaining patient was managed conservatively and remained stable clinically and radiologically after 9 years follow-up. Conclusions: These findings support the reasonable strategy of combining conservative assessment of these slow-growing tumors with regular clinical and radiologic evaluations and radical surgery using various procedures. The choice depends on the age of the child, the extent and growth rate of the tumor, the grade of facial palsy, and the hearing function.
Vertebrobasilar abnormalities in patients with hemifacial spasm: MR- angiography findings; Introduction. Hemifacial spasm (HFS) is a disorder characterized by a complex of symptoms with hyperactive motor dysfunction of the facial nerve. It is indicated that HFS in the majority of cases can be caused by a blood vessel compressing the nerve adjacent to the brainstem. Patients and methods. We studied and treated 44 patients with HFS. Magnetic resonance imaging (MR) and MR-angiography of the brain were performed in patients with HFS to asses the presence of an artery of the vertebrobasilar system compressing the root of the facial nerve. We evaluate the response to treatment with Botulinum toxin in these cases. 14 patients were excluded (6 patients presented HFS due to other lesions and in 8 patients the MR was not performed). The remaining 30 patients with idiopathic HFS underwent MR/MRA (3D-FISP) and it was also performed in 14 patients with synkineses after facial palsy to be used as controls. Results. The MRA documented an abnormal position of the arteries surrounding the facial nerve (ipsilaterally to HFS) in 22 patients. The compressing artery was the PICA in 3 patients (10%), the AICA in 3 patients, the vertebral artery in 7 patients and the basilar artery in 8 patients, one patient showed a combined compression by AICA and PICA. The remaining 8 patients had a normal MRI. At the control group only one patient presented an abnormal AICA and the other had a normal MRI-MRA. Patients were followed-up for 22.4 months and after Botulinum toxin treatment patients kept 4.81 monthes free of symptoms. Conclusions. We recommend to perform MR studies in all HFS patients to rule out a secondary cause of the disease and MRA to evaluate the underlying vertebrobasilar abnormalities if surgery is planned. Botulinum toxin is a useful treatment in these patients and only after its failure, microvascular decompression will be considered.
An old man presenting with fluctuating bilateral multiple cranial nerve palsies and positive test for perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody; A 70-year-old man admitted to a local hospital because of facial muscle weakness, tinnitus and facial pain in left side, was then given corticosteroid with a tentative diagnosis of Bell's palsy and his symptoms gradually improved. Since these symptoms recurred six months later, he was referred to our neurological service. As his brain CT revealed diffuse thickening and enhancement of the dura mater, he was thought to have hypertrophic pachymeningitis (HP). Intravenous antibiotics were started for aspiration pneumonia and his neurological symptoms gradually improved. HP caused by bacterial infection was thus likely and antibiotics, rifampicin and metronidazole, were administered orally as an outpatient. However, one month later, these symptoms were worsened with headache and double vision. He was then rehospitalized. MR imagings of the head with gadolinium disclosed diffuse meningeal thickening and enhancement, especially of the left-sided cerebellar tentorium. Erythrocyte sedimentation rate and C-reactive protein were moderately elevated. Serum angiotensin converting enzyme was within normal range. The test for cytoplasmic antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA) in the serum was negative, however, that for perinuclear ANCA was positive at a titer of 99 EU. Lumbar puncture showed normal findings and negative culture results for bacteria, fungi or mycobacteria. Dural biopsy specimens showed non-specific granulomatous inflammation of the dura with epithelioid histiocytes and Langerhans type multinuclear giant cells with caseous necrosis, however, with no presence of fungi or tubercle bacilli. After the oral administration of cyclophosphamide (100 mg, daily) and prednisolone (40 mg, daily), his neurological symptoms and laboratory findings have been gradually improved and he is well one year after discharge. This case together with previous reports suggests that ANCA positive HP without evidence of other organ involvements may belong to the limited form Wegener's granulomatosis. In the literatures of idiopathic HP, the treatment effect with corticosteroid alone is initially favorable, but transient. On the other hand, using the combined therapy of cyclophosphamide and prednisolone, the remission has been achieved in more than 90% of patients with WG. These data suggest that P-ANCA positive HP should be treated with a combination of corticosteroid and cyclophosphamide.
An 8-year-old girl with unilateral facial and ear pain and isolated frontal headaches; An 8 1/2-year-old with chronic but fluctuating unilateral facial pain, earache, frontal headache and facial swelling is presented. Her journey through the health care system provides an instructional lesson for all who deal with patients with unusual or difficult to recognize conditions.
Dose reduction improves hearing preservation rates after intracanalicular acoustic tumor radiosurgery; OBJECTIVE: To assess the potential for long-term serviceable hearing preservation in intracanalicular acoustic tumor patients who underwent stereotactic radiosurgery. METHODS: Between August 1987 and December 1997, 29 patients with intracanalicular acoustic tumors underwent stereotactic radiosurgery at our center using the Leksell gamma knife (Elekta Instruments, Inc., Atlanta, GA). Fifteen assessable patients had serviceable preradiosurgery hearing (pure tone average, ≤50 dB; speech discrimination score, ≥50%). We retrospectively analyzed our hearing results and compared hearing preservation in patients who received a minimal tumor dose of 14 Gy or less versus those who received more than 14 Gy to the tumor margin. RESULTS: No perioperative patient morbidity or mortality was observed. Serviceable hearing was preserved in 11 (73%) of 15 assessable patients (actuarial rate, 65%). Long-term follow-up demonstrated serviceable hearing preservation in 10 (100%) of 10 patients who received marginal tumor doses of 14 Gy or less but in only one of five patients who received more than 14 Gy. Preradiosurgery Gardner-Robertson class was preserved in 49%, and testable hearing was present in 68% of patients who had any testable hearing at presentation. Five patients demonstrated improvement in hearing (three had serviceable and two had nonserviceable bearing before radiosurgery). No patient developed a facial or trigeminal neuropathy. Seven of 13 patients with preoperative tinnitus continued to experience tinnitus in follow-up. Episodic vertigo continued in 3 of the 11 patients who presented with vertigo. CONCLUSION: Gamma knife radiosurgery (using conformal dose planning, small-beam geometry, and ≤14 Gy to the margin) prevents tumor growth and achieves excellent hearing preservation rates.
Role for telemedicine in acute stroke: Feasibility and reliability of remote administration of the NIH Stroke Scale; Background and Purpose - Immediate access to physicians experienced in acute stroke treatment may improve clinical outcomes in patients with acute stroke. Interactive telemedicine can make stroke specialists available to assist in the evaluation of patients at multiple urban or remote rural facilities. We tested whether interrater agreement for the NIH Stroke Scale (NIHSS), a critical component of acute stroke assessment, would persist if performed over a telemedicine link. Methods - One bedside and 1 remote NIHSS score were independently obtained on each of 20 patients with ischemic stroke. The bedside examination was performed by a stroke neurologist at the patient's bedside. The remote examination was performed by a second stroke neurologist through an interactive high-speed audio-video link, assisted by a nurse at the patient's bedside. Kappa coefficients were calculated for concordance between bedside and remote scores. Results - Remote assessments took slightly longer than bedside assessments (mean 9.70 versus 6.55 minutes, P<0.001). NIHSS scores ranged from 1 through 24. Based on weighted κ coefficients, 4 items (orientation, motor arm, motor leg, and neglect) displayed excellent agreement, 6 items (language, dysarthria, sensation, visual fields, facial palsy, and gaze) displayed good agreement, and 2 items (commands and ataxia) displayed poor agreement. Total NIHSS scores obtained by bedside and remote methods were strongly correlated (r=0.97, P<0.001). Conclusions - The NIH Stroke Scale remains a swift and reliable clinical instrument when used over interactive video. Application of this technology can bring stroke expertise to the bedside, regardless of patient location.
Progressive myoclonic epilepsies syndrome (Ramsay Hunt syndrome) with mental disorder: Report of two cases; Ramsay Hunt syndrome (RHS) is a rare condition within the progressive myoclonic epilepsies syndrome (PME), with a triad of action myoclonus, grand mal seizure and severe cerebellar ataxia. There are few reports about the psychiatric disturbances associated with PME or RHS. The present study examines the evidence that RHS may accompany an organic mental syndrome, ethanol's effective suppression of myoclonus, and the possible resultant problem of alcohol dependence in RHS patients. Two brothers with the previous long-standing diagnosis of RHS and their mental symptoms of persecutory delusion and depression are reported, as well as the additional problem of alcohol dependence in one of them. The cerebellar dysfunction found in RHS may be associated with an underlying organic condition. Determination of the relationship between cerebellar dysfunction and psychosis in RHS will require further study. Although the mechanism of the suppression of myoclonus by alcohol remains unclear, patients should be allowed to drink socially, and alcohol consumption should not be totally prohibited. However, effective treatment of the problems of alcohol tolerance, abuse, or dependence requires the cooperation of both neurologists and psychiatrists.
Surgical treatment of external auditory canal exostoses; Background: Although complications of surgical removal of external auditory canal exostoses are rare, reported surgical complications include tympanic membrane perforation, postoperative hearing loss, canal stenosis, and facial nerve injuries. Patients and Methods: We report on our experience in exostosis surgery, consisting of 59 procedures in 48 patients. Preoperative and postoperative complaints and findings, intraoperative complications, and audiologic results are described and discussed. There has been a minimum of one year of follow-up in every case. Results: Postoperative Canal stenosis was seen in 2 cases of preoperative severe persistent external otitis. Temporary threshold shift was recorded in 6 patients. Persistent sensorineural hearing loss occurred in 4 patients. Six of the 10 patients with temporary or persistent hearing loss had already shown preoperative sensorineural hearing loss. Intraoperatively tympanic membrane perforation occurred in 3 cases, accidential opening of the mastoid in 1 case. Conclusions: Exostosis surgery should be reserved for uninfected ear canals. Meatal skin preservation without circular meatal flap incision is recommended to avoid postoperative canal stenosis. Especially in cases of preexisting sensorineural hearing loss, attention should be focused on the intraoperative noise reduction by tympanic membrane protection and pauses of noise exposition.
One-dimensional quantification of the cortical representation area of lower lip mimetic muscles by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS); Background: Recent reports as well as results from animal studies indicate changes of cortical organization in patients with facial palsy with a decrease in size of the face-associated cortical representation area. With regard to these alterations, there are no detailed reports in the literature about the possibility of a cortical mapping of mimetic muscles by TMS. Method: In 21 healthy volunteers we investigated the amplitude and the onset latency of motor evoked potentials (MEPs) from the depressor anguli oris and depressor labii inferioris muscles during cortical transcranial magnetic stimulation by use of a figure-8-shaped coil (double 70 mm coil) as a function of the scalp positions stimulated in order to establish a reproducible representation area along the interaural line. Results: Cortical evoked MEPs characterized by onset latencies of 6-30 ms were elicited by contralateral and ipsilateral stimulation from coil positions between 4 and 13 cm lateral to the vertex. Maximal responses (mean amplitude 1.5±0.8 mV contralateral, 0.8±0.5 mV ipsilateral) with shortest mean onset latencies (11.5±1.5 ms contralateral, 12.2±2.8 ms ipsilatral) were observed at a coil position of 10 cm latral to the vertex. Conclusion: TMS offers a noninvasive method of one dimensional quantification of the cortical representation area of lower lip mimetic muscles.
A case of typical Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with possible autosomal dominant inheritance; Here we presented a case of 40-year-old woman who suffered from bilateral facial palsy and headache. She had allegedly had an episode of facial palsy, and facial edema at her age of 14 years. Physical examination revealed swelling of the lips, upward disturbance of the left eye, hypogeusia, the fissured tongue, and bilateral facial palsy. Oral administeredation of prednisolone 20 mg/day yielded gradual but complete improvement of the facial palsy and hypogeusia within two weeks. Careful analysis of family history disclosed that four members had oro-faciocervical edema and three had the fissured tongue. A diagnosis of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndome with possible autosomal dominant inheritance was made based on the clinical findings and familial aggregation of the incomplete form of this syndrome.
Establishment of animal model for ischemic facial palsy in rat; OBJECTIVE: In order to establish animal model for ischemic facial nerve palsy in rats and to observe the intrinsic vascular network of facial nerve in the fallopian canal. METHOD: Selective vascular embolization of the external carotid artery was performed in rats. The animals were killed at 1 and 30 days after operation respectively. 10% gelatin solution with fluorescent dye were injected into their left ventricles. The changes intrinsic vascular network were observed under inverted fluorescent microscopy. RESULT: Facial palsy was presented within 5 to 15 min following arterial embolization, the intrinsic capillaries of facial nerve appeared to be thinner and some of them were blocked by microspheres, especially in the labyrinthine segment. Facial palsy almost recovered after 30 days postoperatively. The capillaries returned to be almost normal shape and only few of them were thinner. CONCLUSION: The establishment of animal model for ischemic facial palsy will make contribution to experimental research and clinical treatment for facial palsy.
Diphtheritic polyneuropathy: A clinical study and comparison with Guillain-Barre syndrome; Objectives and Methods - Clinical features of 50 adults with diphtheritic polyneuropathy (DP) were studied in Riga, Latvia and compared with 21 patients with Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS). Results - Neurological complications occurred in 15% of patients admitted to hospital with diphtheria and usually after severe pharyngeal infection. Bulbar dysfunction occurred in 98% of patients with DP and only 10% of patients with GBS. Limb weakness was mild or absent in 30% of patients with DP. Ventilation dependent respiratory failure occurred in 20% of patients with DP. The first symptoms of DP occurred 2-50 days after the onset of local diphtheria infection. Neurological deterioration in DP continued for a median of 49 (range 15-83) days and improvement started 73 (range 20-115) days after onset. In 66% of patients with DP, the neuropathy was biphasic with a secondary worsening after 40 days. By contrast patients with GBS worsened for only 10 days on average (range 2-28 days) and improved after 21 (range 4-49) days. Eight patients with DP died, four from severe cardiomyopathy and four from multiple diphtheritic organ failure. Prolonged distal motor latencies (DMLs) were common to both DP and GBS, and more pronounced than motor conduction slowing. Limb symptoms continued after 1 year in 80% of the patients with DP, 6% were unable to walk independently, but independent respiratory and bulbar function had returned in all survivors. By comparison no patients with GBS died and none were severely disabled after 1 year. No death, in patients with DP occurred after antitoxin on days 1 or 2 after onset of diphtheria symptoms, whereas identical rates of death and peak severity of DP were seen both in those who received antitoxin on days 3-6 and those who did not receive it at all. Conclusion - Diphtheric polyneuropathy is much more likely than GBS to have a bulbar onset, to lead to respiratory failure, to evolve more slowly, to take a biphasic course, and to cause death or long term disability. Antitoxin seems ineffective if administered after the second day of diphtheritic symptoms.
Embolization and sclerotherapy of vascular malformations; Vascular malformations are treated by surgical resection, arterial embolization or sclerotherapy. If complete excision is possible, surgical resection offers definitive results. However, radical excision is often limited in facial lesions because of postoperative problems such as facial paralysis, deformities, or poor cosmetic results. Although sclerotherapy is superior to surgical resection for these reasons, there may be suspicions about its safety or its efficacy. The effectiveness of sclerotherapy depends on intralesional hemodynamics, which are at present divided into only two groups : high-flow and low-flow. The authors describe their pretherapeutic evaluation of flow characteristics of vascular malformations, and subdivide venous malformations into intermediate type and low-flow type by means of different patterns in their time-activity curves obtained by radionuclide angiography. Patient management was determined according to this hemodynamic classification. The authors recommend the combination of arterial embolization and sclerotherapy for high-flow type and intermediate type venous malformations. In this paper, we also describe our procedure of percutaneous injection of a sclerosing agent, ethanolamine oleate, guided by digital subtraction angiography, and present two clinical cases. The prevention of complications and effectiveness of the sclerotherapy are discussed.
Rehabilitation of the paralyzed face by hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis. An analysis of 7 cases; After facial nerve injury, in cerebello-pontine tumors surgery, hypoglossal-facial anastomosis is the most common procedure, to rehabilite a paralysed face, if direct facio-facial graft is not possible. This procedure must be done, in a second time, during the next year and followed with a specific reeducation. In seven patients operated between 1985 and 1996, we performed clinical evaluation and electrophysiological examination. The best evaluation is the clinical evaluation using the G. Freyss's facial testing. Best results are seen in early, specific and continued reeducation. All our patients have a good recovery of facial nerve function, but clinical examination and electrophysiological results are not correled with an objective video performance. The management of such patients needs efficient oto-neurosurgical team and specific trained physiotherapists.
Unmasking of the trigemino-accessory reflex in accessory facial anastomosis; Objective: To evaluate the possible blink reflex responses in facial muscles reinnervated by the accessory nerve. Method: Eleven patients with a complete facial palsy were submitted to a surgical repair by an accessory facial nerve anastomosis (AFA). In this pathological group, blink reflex was studied by means of percutaneous electrical stimulation of the supraorbital nerve and recording from the orbicularis oculi muscle. A control group comprised seven normal people and seven patients with a complete Bell's facial palsy; in this group, responses on the sternocleidomastoideus (SCM) muscles were studied after supraorbital nerve stimulation. Results: All the patients with AFA showed a consistent degree of facial reinnervation. Ten out of the 11 patients with AFA showed reflex responses; in six, responses were configured by a double component pattern, resembling the R1 and R2 components of the blink reflex; three patients had an R1-like response and one patient showed a unique R2 component. Mean values of latencies were 15.2 (SD 4.6) ms for the R1 and 85.3 (SD 9.6) ms for the R2. In the control group, eight out of 14 people had evidence of reflex responses in the SCM muscles; these were almost exclusively configured by a bilateral late component (mean latency 63.5 (SD 15.9) ms) and only one of the subjects showed an early response at 11 ms. Conclusion: The trigemino-accessory reflex response in the pathological group was more complex and of a significantly higher incidence than in the control group. These differences could be tentatively explained by a mechanism of synaptic plasticity induced by the impairment of the efferent portion of the reflex. This could unmask the central linking between the trigeminal and the accessory limbs of the reflex. The findings described could be a demonstration of neurobionomic function in the repairing process of the nervous system.
The novel pyrrolopyrimidine PNU-101033-E improves facial motor neuron survival following intracranial axotomy of the facial nerve in the adult rat; Neuronal survival is important to functional restitution following axotomy. Proximal lesions of the facial nerve, due to head trauma or tumor growth, for example, may cause long-standing or even permanent facial nerve palsy. Betamethasone has been used by several neurosurgical clinics for the treatment of postoperative facial nerve palsy; however, this practice is based only on clinical experience. The aim of the present study was to explore the putative effect on facial motor neuron survival of a novel lazaroid (pyrrolopyrimidine, PNU-101033-E) and furthermore to compare the effects with those of betamethasone, following intracranial transection of the facial nerve in adult rats. Both agents are known to inhibit lipid peroxidation by free radical scavenging. The lesion model used has recently been reported to induce massive neuronal cell death with a relative survival of 26.8 ± 11.3% 1 month after lesion. Oral administration of lazaroids or daily injections of betamethasone followed surgery for 1 month, after which quantification of motor neuronal profiles was performed in the facial nucleus. Lazaroid-treated animals showed a significantly enhanced neuronal survival (68.0 ± 9.8%), whereas no significant difference was found in betamethasone-treated animals (33.1 ± 11.7%). The microglial and astrocytic responses in the facial nucleus were intense on the operated sides in betamethasone-treated as well as lazaroid-treated animals, and no differences in comparison with untreated animals were found. In conclusion, we found that the novel pyrrolopyrimidine PNU-101033-E, but not betamethasone, significantly enhanced nerve cell survival. This agent may therefore serve as a useful neuroprotective agent following intracranial trauma to the facial nerve and should be further evaluated for clinical use.
Diagnosis and therapy of Lyme disease in childhood. Recommendation of German-Society of pediatric infectious diseases; Lyme borreliosis is the most frequent tickborne disease of man in the Northern Hemisphere. A variety of systems may be involved. The most frequent manifestations in childhood include erythema migrans, meningitis, cranial nerve palsy and arthritis. Erythema migrans is usually easily recognized and determination of antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi should not be performed. Childhood neuroborreliosis is characterized mostly by aseptic meningitis with or without cranial nerve palsy, in most cases facial palsy. Basic CSF findings often show combined evidence of lymphocytic pleocytosis, IgM-class dominance in intrathecal humoral immune response, and blood-CSF barrier dysfunction. Calculation of the B. burgdorferi-specific antibody index (according to Reiber) has proved to be the most sensitive method for detecting intrathecal synthesis of specific antibodies. Lyme arthritis presents initially as episodic oligoarthritis, mostly involving the knee joint, and may turn into chronic monoarthritis of the knee; usually high titers of IgG antibodies to B. burgdorferi are found. Rarer manifestations such as encephalomyelitis, chronic arthritis, carditis and inflammatory eye disease may be difficult to diagnose due to clinical ambiguity and problems in the interpretation of serological results. Antibodies to B. burgdorferi found by the sensitive Elisa test must always be confirmed by immunoblot analysis, but sometimes immunoblot analysis is more sensitive than the Elisa. Treatment is by antibiotics, amoxicillin for erythema migrans, and i.v. third-generation cephalosporins for all other manifestations. Discussion: Even after successful antibiotic therapy, antibodies may persist for months and years, and no further antibiotic treatment is necessary in the absence of attributable clinical manifestations. The differentiation between a persisting immune response and a persisting infection therefore has to be based upon the clinical symptoms, non-specific laboratory data and the development of antibody titers.
Aspergillus mastoiditis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome; Objective: This study aimed to analyze the clinical presentation, diagnosis, management, and results of treatment in a series of three patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) in whom Aspergillus mastoiditis developed. This study also aimed to compare these aspects of Aspergillus mastoiditis in patients with AIDS with three additional cases present in the current literature. A classification system for fungal infections of the ear and temporal bone is proposed. Study Design: The study design was a retrospective case review. Setting: The study was conducted at multiple tertiary referral centers. Patients: Three individuals with diagnosed AIDS and mastoiditis resulting from culture-proven Aspergillus were studied. Intervention: Patients were treated with both medical and surgical methods including local and systemic antimicrobial/antifungal agents and mastoidectomy. Main Outcome Measures: These measures included return of facial nerve function, control/resolution of disease, and survival. Results: All three patients in this series initially presented with otalgia and otorrhea and intact facial nerve function. Facial nerve paresis developed in all patients between 5 and 12 weeks after initial symptoms. Paresis uniformly improved or resolved after mastoidectomy. Two patients treated with systemic antifungal therapy and prompt surgical debridement after development of facial palsy had full resolution of infection. One patient had full recovery of facial paresis and the other had partial recovery. The third patient was lost to follow-up after initial treatment with antimicrobials and surgery and died 3 months later without a clear etiology. Conclusions: Aspergillus mastoiditis is an unusual infection in patients with AIDS. Because of its rarity, fungal mastoiditis in immunocompromised individuals can result in a significant delay in diagnosis and treatment. The decision between conservative antimicrobial therapy and aggressive surgical treatment also can present a therapeutic challenge in the management of these life-threatening infections, especially in patients with existing immunodeficiency and illness. Early surgical debridement followed by antimicrobial therapy may be life preserving in this patient population.
Point-penetration acupuncture: Historical development and clinical application; Point-penetration is a traditional acupuncture method, described in early Chinese texts and developed through the ages, in which a needle is inserted at one point and advanced internally to reach a second point. It is thus characterised by the use of fewer points but stronger stimulation: resulting in improved efficacy. Through clinical observation four types of point-penetration have been identified with different therapeutic indications: perpendicular, horizontal, oblique and perimeter. Each method is described, with prescriptions for specific diseases and case reports giving insertion and manipulation techniques. Point-penetration acupuncture appears to be an acceptable, viable therapy for a variety of conditions.
Evaluation of muscle graft using facial nerve on the affected side as a motor source in the treatment of facial paralysis; To acquire symmetry of the cheek when smiling, we carried out 39 free vascularised grafts of the muscle, the motor nerve of which was sutured to a stump of the ipsilateral facial nerve, for 39 patients with facial paralysis. We used two methods: an as healthy and fresh as possible facial nerve stump (method 1A, n = 17) or an incompletely affected stump (method 1B, n = 22). The results are classified into grade 1 to 5 indicating increasing efficiency of muscle function. All patients who had method 1A and 14 patients who had method 1B were evaluated grade 4 or better. Both an incompletely affected facial nerve stump and the proximal stump of a facial nerve that had previously been resected have sufficient function to provide contraction in the grafted muscle.
Open-cavity tympanomastoidectomy; Open-cavity tympanomastoidectomies offer a low rate of recurrence or persistence of cholesteatoma. Reoperation for cholesteatoma occurs in 5% or less of patients. This compares quite favorably to the 20% to 40% recurrence rates associated with closed-cavity techniques. Protracted postoperative drainage is uncommon in well-crafted cavities. Individuals are able to engage in almost all of the activities of daily living without difficulty. Little difference exists in the hearing outcome between open-cavity and closed- cavity techniques. This is now generally recognized and widely accepted. Meaningful differences between open-cavity and closed-cavity techniques are recapitulated in Table 1.
Thiersch skin grafting and postoperative care of otologic patients; When proper preoperative planning has been carried out and a flawless procedure has been performed, delivery of postoperative follow-up care ensures successful surgical outcomes. In many instances, postoperative care is as important as the actual surgical procedure, if not more important. Improper postoperative care by the patient or the physician, through neglect or ignorance, can lead to various minor complications that, if not treated promptly, may lead to significant morbidity and dissatisfaction in a patient and poor results. Assessment of proper meatal size, location of the eardrum (atelectatic or blunted), poor healing of the wound in the cavity or the ear canal, and proper hearing thresholds are important factors in the postoperative period. Failure of prostheses in the middle ear caused by immunologic rejection of the prosthesis or infection at the prosthesis needs to be recognized and treated accordingly. Patients need to be counseled preoperatively on possible needs for a delayed Thiersch skin grafting, second-look procedures, and long-term follow-ups (lifelong, in case of cholesteatoma). Thiersch skin grafting remains an excellent technique to ensure proper healing in the mastoid cavity and ear canal. This simple and effective procedure allows for a detailed postoperative check of the surgical sites, including a check of the position of the graff on the tympanic membrane, patency of ventilation tubes, healing in the canal, status of the mastoid cavity, and a final check for any residual surgical packing or suturing materials that could cause an indolent foreign body reaction. Delayed meatoplasty may avert long-term meatal stenosis after both canal wall-up procedures and canal wall-down procedures; this is a highly effective technique that allows for a much larger meatus, making care of the cavity easier for patients, the otolaryngologist, and dispensers of hearing aids. Meticulous and proper intraoperative handling of the facial nerve goes a long way toward avoiding postoperative facial palsies that invariably prove to be difficult to treat. Otologic surgeons must prepare themselves to deal with this tragic complication and must have a detailed plan ready to be implemented in such cases. In some cases, it may be highly beneficial to consult another competent otologic colleague to help with the management of postoperative paralysis of the facial nerve in a joint operation. Proper and prompt counseling of the patient is essential to achieve the best overall outcome in all otologic cases, particularly when severe complications, such as palsies of the facial nerve, are encountered.
Complications and their management in tympanomastoid surgery; Chronic diseases of the ear and their surgical treatment can endanger the delicate structures of the temporal bone in close relationship with the middle ear. The experience and expertise of the otologic surgeon, based on perfect knowledge of the complex anatomy of the whole temporal bone, are unfortunately built up partly through the management of complications encountered in tympanomastoid surgery and may require knowledge of basic neuro-otologic procedures. Paralysis and paresis of the facial nerve and labyrinthine, and dural and vascular injuries may have consequences not only in the final result of surgery but also in endangering the patient's life. All major complications are discussed and some possible treatments are proposed. Minor complications affecting the temporomandibular joint, the dura, the external auditory canal, and the bony canal wall are also covered, along with some suggestions on how to keep these consequences within reasonable percentages.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome treated with sulphasalazine; INTRODUCTION: Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare disease characterized by the triad of symptoms labial/facial oedema, fissured tongue and facial palsy. The majority of patients present with an incomplete form, commonly with only labial oedema (Miescher cheilitis). Several treatments have been reported to be effective, but none has proved its efficacy in well-designed controlled trials. OBJECTIVES: As there is frequently evidence of granulomas in lip biopsies and as sulphasalazine is the drug of choice in other granulomatous disorders, such as ulcerative colitis, we proposed to conduct a prospective study of the efficacy of sulphasalazine in MRS. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We included seven MRS patients, five females and two males, with an average age of 30.71 years (SD ± 9.79 years). The average duration of disease was 10 years (SD ± 8.98 years). Other diseases that can appear as labial oedema were ruled out. We also performed qualitative enzyme glucose-6-phosphate-dehydrogenase (G6PD), which was always normal. RESULTS: An improvement was noticed in labial oedema in five patients (71.4%) after an average of 11.4 months of treatment (2-20 months). CONCLUSIONS: Sulphasalazine seems to be an efficient treatment in MRS, although controlled studies are necessary, which also do not exist for the other treatments for this proposed syndrome.
Cervico-facial necrotising fasciitis occurring with facial paralysis: case report.; Necrotising fasciitis is a soft tissue infection, usually polymicrobial, characterised by necrosis of fascia and subcutaneous tissue. It frequently involves the groin, abdomen and extremities, but rarely involves the cervico-facial region. A case is presented of a 70-year old man who, following a futile attempt to extract a lower left first molar, developed a cervico-facial necrotising faciitis with facial nerve paralysis. Bacteriological investigations revealed the presence of Klebsiella spp and viridans streptococci. It is emphasized that early detection of this disease followed by aggressive surgical debridement and antibiotic therapy are most important.
Surgical management of Bell's palsy; Objectives: Incomplete return of facial motor function and synkinesis continue to be long-term sequelae in some patients with Bell's palsy. The aim of this report is to describe a prospective study in which a well-defined surgical decompression of the facial nerve was performed in a population of patients with Bell's palsy who exhibit the electrophysiologic features associated with poor outcomes. In addition, management issues related to Bell's palsy including herpes simplex virus typel etiology, the natural history, electrodiagnostic testing, and efficacy of surgical strategies are reviewed. Study Design and Methods: A multicenter prospective clinical trial was designed utilizing electroneurography (ENOG) and voluntary electromyography (EMG) to identify patients with Bell's palsy who would most likely develop poor return of facial function, as suggested by Fisch and Esslen. Patients who displayed electrodiagnostic features of poor outcome, >90% degeneration on ENOG testing and no voluntary motor unit EMG potentials within 14 days of onset of total paralysis, were offered a surgical decompression of the facial nerve through a middle cranial fossa surgical exposure, including the tympanic segment, geniculate ganglion, labyrinthine segment, and meatal foramen. Control subjects were those who displayed similar electrodiagnostic features and time course. Results: Subjects who did not reach 90% degeneration on ENOG within 14 days of paralysis all returned to House-Brackmann grade I (n=48) or II (n=6) at 7 months after onset of the paralysis. Control subjects self-selecting not to undergo surgical decompression when >90% degeneration on ENOG and no motor unit potentials on EMG were identified had a 58% chance of developing a poor outcome at 7 months after onset of paralysis (House-Brackmann grade III or IV [n=19]). A group with similar ENOG and EMG findings undergoing middle fossa facial nerve decompression exhibited House-Brackmann grade I (n=14) or II (n=17) in 91% of the cases. An exact permutation test confirmed that the surgical group had a significantly higher proportion of patients with a good outcome (House- Brackmann grade I or II) (P = .0002). Conclusion: Electroneurography in combination with voluntary EMG successfully identified patients who will most likely return to normal from those who had a greater chance of long-term sequelae from Bell's palsy. Surgical decompression medial to the geniculate ganglion significantly improves the chances of normal or near-normal return of facial function in the group that has a high probability of a poor result. Surgical decompression must be performed within 2 weeks of onset of total paralysis for it to be effective.
Surgical anatomy for direct hypoglossal-facial nerve side-to-end 'anastomosis'; Object. In this study the authors investigated the histomorphometric background and microsurgical anatomy associated with surgically created direct hypoglossal-facial nerve side-to-end communication or nerve 'anastomosis'. Methods. Histomorphometric analyses of the facial and hypoglossal nerves were performed using 24 cadaveric specimens and three surgically obtained specimens of severed facial nerve. Both the hypoglossal nerve at the level of the atlas and the facial nerve just distal to the external genu were monofascicular. The number of myelinated axons in the facial nerve (7228 ± 950) was 73.2% of those in the normal hypoglossal nerve (9778 ± 1516). Myelinated fibers in injured facial nerves were remarkably decreased in number. The cross-sectioned area of the normal facial nerve (0.948 mm2) accounted for 61.5% of the area of the hypoglossal nerve (1.541 mm2), whereas that of the injured facial nerve (0.66 mm2) was less than 50% of the area of the hypoglossal nerve. Surgical dissection and morphometric measurements were performed using 18 sides of 11 adult cadaver heads. The length of the facial nerve from the pes anserinus to the external genu ranged from 22 to 42 mm (mean 30.5 ± 4.4 mm). The distance from the pes anserinus to the nearest point on the hypoglossal nerve ranged from 14 to 22 mm (mean 17.3 ± 2.5 mm). The former was always longer than the latter; the excess ranged from 6 to 20 mm (mean 13.1 ± 3.4 mm). Surgical anatomy and procedures used to accomplish the nerve connection are described. Conclusions. The size of a half-cut end of the hypoglossal nerve matches a cut end of the injured facial nerve very well. By using the technique described, a length of facial nerve sufficient to achieve a tensionless communication can consistently be obtained.
Two cases of rhino-orbital mucormycosis: Advantages of amphotericin B plus itraconazole therapy; Objectives: To evaluate the effects of a combination therapy of amphotericin B plus itraconazole versus monotherapy with amphotericin B or itraconazole in the rhino-orbital mucormycosis. Patients and methods: We report two cases of rhino-orbital mucormycosis. Two women 56 and 70 years old, both suffering from decompensated diabetes mellitus, had shown an abrupt onset of the disease with pain on the right face and homolateral involvement of the right orbit. On admission they showed an exophthalmus with a total ophthalmoplegia of the right eye and peripheral paralysis of the right facial nerve. Results: In the first case, after a cycle with amphotericin B not resolutive, we got recovery after a second therapeutic cycle with itraconazole. In the second case we achieved a faster resolution of the infection with a combination therapy with amphotericin B plus itraconazole. Conclusions: In the rhino-orbital mucormycosis a combination therapy with amphotericin B plus itraconazole showed to be more effective than a monotherapy with amphotericin B or itraconazole.
Hereditary paraganglioma; Head and neck paraganglioma is a rare tumour, especially in its familial form. We report a case of a multifocal head and neck paraganglioma in a young man with a family history of cervical tumours. At the age of 24, exploration of a left cervical swelling disclosed jugulotympanic and carotid body paragangliomas. Surgical removal of both tumours was performed. Two years later, a right carotid body as well as vagal paragangliomas were discovered. Follow-up at age 30 demonstrated relapse of the bilateral cervical paragangliomas, but also aortopulmonary and mesogastric paragangliomas. Cervical paragangliomas were also detected in the patient's sister and daughter, but not in his father. Furthermore, the proband's paternal grandmother and a maternal great-uncle had a history of 'neck scar'. This family history is suggestive of an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance with maternal genomic imprinting. Genetic analysis of paraganglioma kindreds showed linkage with two different loci: 11q13.1 and 11q22.3-q23. Further knowledge of the genes involved could provide early diagnosis and accurate genetic counselling in affected families. Thorough familial investigation is consequently mandatory in all head and neck paragangliomas, especially in younger patients with multiple localizations, as surgical removal is safer at an early stage.
Unexpected difficult intubation in the patient with Morning Glory syndrome; Morning Glory syndrome is an uncommon congenital optic disc anomaly with occasional systemic associations. A case of unsuspected difficult intubation in a three-year old patient is described in this case report.
Thalidomide: Current uses; The major therapeutic effects of thalidomide are the selective inhibition of tumour necrosis factor-α production by monocytes and alteration in cellular surface expression of integrins. The major drawbacks of the drug are teratogenicity and irreversible axonal neuropathy. Despite the latter, the drug thalidomide has acquired a unique, albeit limited role, in the treatment of an array of clinical situations where standard therapies have failed. Its use in the treatment of erythema nodosum leprosum maintains its availability worldwide; however, its role in the treatment of graft versus host disease (GVHD) and in the treatment of severe oral and genital ulcers associated with HIV and Behcet's disease is more prominent in the developed world. The recent trials of thalidomide in rheumatoid arthritis emphasise the problems with tolerability; an unacceptably high rate of adverse events led to the premature termination of these studies. Guidelines to promote the safe use of thalidomide have been published. The use of regular monitoring of the amplitudes of sensory nerve action potentials before and during treatment is encouraged and the value of adequate contraception whilst on and immediately after taking thalidomide is stressed.
Primary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of brachial plexus; We report the case of a 65-year old man with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) not only in the brachial plexus but also in the central nervous systems and parotid gland. He was referred to our hospital for evaluation of a right parotid mass. He also presented with bilateral facial palsy and paralysis of the left superior limb. Computed tomography scan and magnetic resonance imaginf revealed mass lesions in the right parapharyngeal space, the deep lobe of the right parotid gland, and the left brachial plexus. A gallium-67 citrate scan demostrated abnormal uptake in the leftbrachial plexus. These symptoms anfd lesions improved during steroid therapy. However, the symptoms worsened again after steroid therapy was discontinued. We performed a right parotidectomy to confirm the diagnosis. Histopathological study revealed NHL. He was treated eith combination chemotherapy, ang most of the lesions and symptoms except bilateral facial palsy, improved. Despite follow-up treatment, a brain metastasis occured, and he died 16 months after the onset of symptoms.
Facial nerve function after petrosectomy; Objectives: Evaluation of facial nerve function after petrosectomy in a patient series with facial nerve denudation-decompression, forward or backward rerouting, and facial nerve suture and grafting. Study Design: Fifty-six patients with petrosectomies performed for 24 benign and 9 malignant tumors of the petrous bone, 13 malignant tumors of the parotid gland or of the infratemporal spaces with infiltration of the petrous bone, 8 traumatic facial nerve disruptions, and 2 osteoradionecroses were retrospectively evaluated with respect to facial nerve function. Sixteen cases involved a partial, 25 a subtotal, and 15 an extended subtotal petrosectomy. Methods: The treatment of the facial nerve included 15 denudation-compressions, 23 denudation-compressions with rerouting, 4 primary sutures, and 14 nerve grafts. The House-Brackmann grading system was used for facial nerve evaluation. Results: Normal or nearly normal facial nerve function was obtained in facial nerve denudation-decompression with and without rerouting (House-Brackmann Grade I or II) except in cases of malignant tumors and osteoradionecrosis, where preoperative impaired function remained. Satisfactory results were obtained with nerve suturing and nerve grafting after petrous bone fracture (Grade III or IV, in one case practically Grade II) except in a case of late repair 3 years after the trauma (Grade V). Variable results were obtained with nerve grafting in cases with tumor infiltration: Satisfactory results (5 of Grade III or IV) were obtained when the tumor was healed and also when postoperative radiotherapy was applied; poor results were obtained in the case of tumor recurrence (6 of Grade V or VI). Conclusions: Our results show that petrosectomy with denudation-decompression of the facial nerve with or without rerouting usually results in a normal mimic of the face. When the facial nerve is disrupted by trauma or when the nerve is infiltrated by tumor, early reconstruction with nerve suture or grafting mostly leads to a partial and quite acceptable reinnervation of the face.
Intracranial hypotension with parkinsonism, ataxia, and bulbar weakness; Objective: To describe a case of spontaneous intracranial hypotension with a previously unreported constellation of presenting features. Design: Case report. Setting: Tertiary care center. Main Outcome and Results: We describe a patient with intracranial hypotension who presented with a parkinsonian syndrome and later development of ataxia and prominent bulbar symptomatology. Headache was not a feature of her initial presentation and was only reported after repeated questioning during later evaluations. Magnetic resonance imaging of the patient's head revealed findings characteristic of intracranial hypotension. An [18F]fluoro-m-tyrosine positron emission tomographic scan showed normal striatal activity, suggesting intact presynaptic nigrostriatal function. Opening pressure on lumbar puncture was reduced at 40 mm H2O. A source of cerebrospinal fluid leakage was not identified on nuclear cisternography and the patient underwent lumbar epidural blood patching, which resulted in complete resolution of her signs and symptoms as well as in a marked improvement in her imaging findings. Conclusions: The clinical spectrum of intracranial hypotension can be broadened to include parkinsonism, cerebellar ataxia, and prominent bulbar dysfunction. As with more common manifestations of the disorder, these features may resolve after appropriate treatment.
Not all facial paralysis is Bell's palsy: A case report; Bell's palsy or idiopathic facial paralysis is the most common cause of unilateral facial paralysis. This case report describes a patient referred for physical therapy evaluation and treatment with a diagnosis of Bell's palsy. On initial presentation in physical therapy the patient had unilateral facial paralysis, ipsilateral regional facial pain and numbness, and a history of a gradual, progressive onset of symptoms. The process of evaluating this patient in physical therapy, as well as the recognition of signs and symptoms typical and atypical of Bell's palsy, are described. This report emphasizes the importance of early recognition of the signs and symptoms inconsistent with a diagnosis of Bell's palsy, and indications for prompt, appropriate referral for additional diagnostic services.
Prognostic factors in patients with idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy): A prospective study; A prospective study was designed in order to objectively quantify the most important prognostic factors of idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy). Stepwise logistic regression was applied to data obtained from 178 patients evaluated between April 1994 and September 1995 at La Paz Hospital. Due to statistical requirements, the final number of cases analyzed was 124. In all cases, 28 variables were recorded. The 3 variables selected by the multivariate analysis were: age, maximal stimulation test and treatment employed (prednisone or acyclovir). With these data, a linear discriminant function was obtained with an overall accuracy of 70.8%. The correct prediction rate for complete facial recovery was 82.1% and for absence of complete facial recovery 50.0%.
Delayed facial paralysis after stapedotomy using KTP laser; Objective: Delayed facial paralysis after stapes surgery is uncommon and has been reported after traditional, nonlaser techniques for stapedotomy. The purpose of this paper is to inform the reader of the potential risk of delayed facial nerve paralysis associated with the use of the potassium titanyl phosphate (KTP) laser for stapedotomy. Etiologic mechanisms are discussed. Study Design: The study was a descriptive study-case report. Setting: The study was conducted at a university-based otologic practice. Patients: Two patients with otosclerosis and delayed onset facial palsy 5 to 7 days after uncomplicated stapedotomy using the KTP laser were included in the study. Intervention: Potassium titanyl phosphate laser stapedotomy was performed. Patients received treatment of facial palsy with a tapering course of oral steroids. Main Outcome Measure: House-Brackmann facial nerve grade scores were used. Results: Improvement of House-Brackmann facial nerve scores from Grade VI to Grade I-II in one patient, and improvement from Grade IV to Grade I-II in the other was seen. Conclusion: The probable etiology of delayed facial palsy is viral neuritis from reactivation of dormant virus within the facial nerve, initiated by thermal stress of the KTP laser. Presentation and resolution of the facial palsy is similar to other types of delayed facial palsy resulting from nonlaser techniques of stapes surgery and other types of middle ear and neurotologic surgeries previously reported.
Reliable method of monitoring antidromic facial nerve response stimulated via Stensen's duct; Objective: This study aimed to obtain a clear antidromic facial nerve response (ADFNR) with a high detection rate in human subjects. The authors also describe the clinical utility of this technique. Background: The ADFNR is a potential that can be used to monitor intratemporal facial nerve function at the early stage of facial palsy. However, it was difficult to obtain an analyzable response with conventional methods. Methods: The sensitivity of data recorded by percutaneous stimulation conventionally used was compared with those recorded after stimulation through Stensen's duct, and the type of recording electrode was evaluated. In individual normal subjects, the test-retest and right-left differences were compared. Results: The ADFNR elicited by stimulation through Stensen's duct and recorded with a monopolar needle electrode was a useful method to monitor facial nerve impulses. With the use of these methods, the ADFNR detection rate was more than 90%. The test-retest difference was minimal and smaller than the right- left side difference. Conclusions: The authors recommend that the ADFNR should be used to evaluate changes of unilateral facial nerve function by repeated testing and that the technique described here is useful for monitoring the early changes of facial nerve function in patients with facial palsy.
Facial suspension with acellular human dermal allograft.; OBJECTIVE: To study the efficacy of acellular human dermal (AHD) allograft as a material for static slings used to treat ptosis of the oral commissure after facial paralysis. DESIGN: In the university facial plastic surgery practices (Baltimore, Md, and Albuquerque, NM) of the senior author (J.L.F.), 11 consecutive patients with facial paralysis were treated with AHD allograft slings. Follow-up was 4 to 14 months with 1 patient excluded for inadequate follow-up. Six of the remaining 10 patients received radiation therapy. Results were considered excellent and designated grade 1 when the affected oral commissure was at the same level as the normal commissure. Complete ptosis was designated grade 4. Grades 2 and 3 were designated between these extremes. RESULTS: All 10 patients showed improvement in the position of the oral commissure, in oral competence, and in cheek ptosis. Four patients were grade 1; 5, grade 2; and 1, grade 3. There were no implant extrusions or infections. CONCLUSIONS: The increased biointegration of AHD allografts in comparison with alloplastic materials may account for the absence of infection reported in this study and the relatively high success rate, especially in patients receiving radiation therapy.
Effect of decompression or transplantation of the facial nerve on serious advanced facial paralysis; OBJECTIVE: To investigate operative effect on serious advanced facial paralysis. METHOD: 28 cases (28 sides) with serious facial paralysis underwent decompression or transplantation of facial nerve. RESULT: After following up 0.5-2 years postoperatively, the total, most or partial and no recovery were 14 cases (50%), 12 cases (42%) and 2 cases (7.1%) respectively. CONCLUSION: The operation performed as early as possible can be an effective procedure for correcting serious advanced facial paralysis if conservative treatment could be confirmed to be helpless.
Successful oral doxycycline treatment of lyme disease - Associated facial palsy and meningitis; Twenty-nine patients, aged 11-79 years (mean, 50 years), with Lyme neuroborreliosis, facial nerve palsy, and meningitis were treated with oral doxycycline (daily dose, 200-400 mg) for 9-17 days in a prospective, nonrandomized study. Facial paresis was bilateral in eight (28%) of the 29 patients. Twenty-six patients (90%) recovered without sequelae within 6 months, while three of the patients with bilateral facial palsy at admission had remaining paresis at follow-up. In five patients, contralateral facial paresis developed 1-12 days after initiation of therapy, and two patients were retreated with antibiotics. Posttreatment examinations of cerebrospinal fluid showed a marked decrease of inflammatory cells and protein concentrations compared with pretreatment levels in all followed up patients. The favorable clinical outcome agrees with findings of other reports on intravenous antibiotic therapy for Lyme disease-associated meningitis with facial palsy. Our conclusion is that oral doxycycline is an effective and convenient therapy for Lyme disease-associated facial palsy.
Combined approach tympanoplasty in a neonate with congenital facial dehiscence; A rare case of a neonate who developed facial paralysis with otitis media is reported. Conservative treatment failed. Combined approach mastoidectomy and facial decompression was followed a week later by grafting of the tympanic membrane. He responded well and was able to bottle-feed before discharge.
Jugular bulb diverticular and facial paralysis; The authors report a case where a woman presents a right jugular bulb procidence already known and responsable of a perception deafness. Secondarily, a right facial paralysis is appeared progressively and not regressive even with medical treatment. When the computed tomography as shown an intrapetrous diverticular, the facial paralysis treatment was surgical to decompress the facial nerve. The litterature study shoes the rarity of this association facial paralysis and jugular bulb procidence (only two cases), more often responsable of deafness, tinnitus, and vertigo. The diagnosis is given by computed tomography, M.R.I. has not still be evaluated. Then the authors insist on the progressive character of the facial paralysis and on the necessity of a surgical treatment.
Clinical features and outcomes in patients with non-acoustic cerebellopontine angle tumours; Objectives - Non-acoustic tumours of the cerebellopontine angle differ from vestibular schwannomas in their prevalence, clinical features, operative management, and surgical outcome. These features were studied in patients presenting to the regional neuro-otological unit. Methods - A retrospective analysis of clinical notes identified 42 patients with non-acoustic tumours of the cerebellopontine angle. Data were extracted regarding presenting clinical features, histopathological data after surgical resection, surgical morbidity and mortality, and clinical outcome (mean 32 months follow up). Results - The study group comprised 25 meningiomas (60%), 12 epidermoid cysts/cholesteatomata (28%), and five other tumours. In patients with meningiomas, symptoms differed considerably from patients presenting with vestibular schwannomas. Cerebellar signs were present in 52% and hearing loss in only 68%. Twenty per cent of patients had hydrocephalus at the time of diagnosis. After surgical resection, normal facial nerve function was preserved in 75% of cases. In the epidermoid group, fifth, seventh, and eighth nerve deficits were present in 42%, 33%, and 66% respectively. There were no new postoperative facial palsies. There were two recurrences (17%) requiring reoperation. Overall, there were two perioperative deaths from pneumonia and meningitis. Conclusions - Patients with non-acoustic lesions of the cerebellopontine angle often present with different symptoms and signs from those found in patients with schwannomas. Hearing loss is less prevalent and cerebellar signs and facial paresis are more common as presenting features. Hydrocephalus is often present in patients presenting with cerebellopontine angle meningiomas. Non-acoustic tumours can usually be resected with facial nerve preservation.
Facial nerve rehabilitation after radical parotidectomy; Objective: Examine functional outcomes in patients undergoing radical parotidectomy and facial nerve grafting. Identify factors that may affect rehabilitation in these patients. Study Design: Retrospective chart review and photographic analyses of 12 patients undergoing radical parotidectomy with interposition nerve grafts for facial nerve reconstruction. Methods: Data obtained for each patient regarding age, sex, histology of parotid neoplasm, cable graft source, administration of postoperative radiotherapy, and treatment for eye rehabilitation. Functional outcomes were assessed with the House-Brackmann grading system at 6 months, 1 year, and 2 years after surgery. Results: All nerve grafts were harvested from cervical plexus sensory nerves with microscopic epineural repair performed for all neurorrhaphies. Overall, 9 of 12 patients achieved a grade III 2 years after surgery. All patients under age 30 obtained a grade III. Of the seven patients receiving postoperative radiation, five achieved a grade III. Older patients often required surgical procedures to facilitate eye closure. Conclusions: Facial nerve rehabilitation after radical parotidectomy can be successfully achieved with cervical plexus interposition nerve grafts. Postoperative radiotherapy did not appear to affect return of function, and younger patients consistently achieved good functional outcomes after nerve grafting. Older patients frequently require surgical procedures for eye rehabilitation after radical parotidectomy.
Total, subtotal, and partial surgical removal of cervicofacial lymphangiomas; Objectives: To compare different surgical interventions for the treatment of extensive cervicofacial lymphangiomas and to define the minimal extent of surgery necessary to control disease. Design: Retrospective study. Mean ± SD follow-up was 31 ± 4 months after surgery. Surgical procedures were grouped as follows: (1) total removal, (2) subtotal removal (all cystic structures removed, small plaques of cyst walls left attached to vital structures), (3) partial removal (major cysts removed, some partially resected cystic structures left in place), and (4) incision and aspiration with subsequent compression bandage. Control of disease was defined as no recurrent or residual tumor or as recurrent or residual tumor less than 10% of initial tumor size without evidence of growth on several postoperative examinations and without clinical symptoms or aesthetic disfigurement. Patients: Twenty-one patients with cervicofacial lymphangiomas (>3 cm in maximum diameter) without thoracic involvement were evaluated. Fifteen patients were 6 years or younger and 6 were older than 6 years. No surgery was yet performed in 3 patients, for a total of 24 surgical interventions in 18 patients. Setting: Hospitalized care in 2 referral centers. Results: After total removal, disease was controlled in 5 of 5 cases; after subtotal removal, in 8 of 9 cases; after partial removal, in 1 of 7 cases; and after incision and aspiration with subsequent compression bandage, in 0 of 3 cases. Two complications were encountered - 1 fully reversible paresis of the marginal branch of the facial nerve and 1 secondary healing. Conclusions: Surgical removal of cervicofacial lymphangiomas is a safe treatment modality. Disease control can be achieved if all cystic structures are removed. Small plaques of cyst walls attached to vital structures may be left in place. If small cystic extensions of lymphangiomas are only opened and left in place or if lymphangiomas are only drained following compression bandage, symptomatic residual tumor or recurrence is frequent.
Coronal approach for the replacement of the condylar head in bilateral temporomandibular joint ankylosis: Report of three cases; Limitation of mouth opening has long been the chief complaint for patients who suffer from temporomandibular joint (TMJ) ankylosis. For surgical treatment of this disease, several ways have been employed for access to the condylar fossa, including the preauricular, postauricular, perimeatal, endaural and Risdon approaches. In this article, we report three patients with bilateral TMJ ankylosis who underwent replacement of both condylar heads using the bicoronal approach. The advantages demonstrated with this surgical technique are ease of access to the condylar head, ideal surgical exposure field, utility of temporalis muscle and fascia and minimal risk of facial paralysis.
Bell's palsy treatment with acyclovir; Peripheral facial paralyses are often related to the dissemination of an infectious agent. The epidemiological studies of the a frigore paralysis, form most frequently met, a viral aetiology, implying particularly the Herpes-1 virus. The standard treatment for Bell's palsy is a corticotherapy 1 mg/kg/day prednisone for 10 days, aiming at reducing the inflammatory oedema responsible for the suffering of the facial nerve as well as the associated immune reaction. Following the highlighting of the viral aetiology, trials with anti-viral treatments were implemented. Available studies show the interest association to aciclovir (400 mg five times per day) and prednisone. This association proves to be higher than the single use of prednisone, but the comparative single use treatments of aciclovir and prednisone is in favour of the prednisone treatment. The use of antiviral drug in Bell's palsy seems justified, because of a faster recovery of the sensibility as well as motor functions, but especially by a less significant number of after- effects.
Surgical management of the facial nerve in craniofacial trauma and long- standing facial paralysis: Cadaver study and clinical presentations; Background and Objectives. Examination of the extratemporal branches of the facial nerve reveals several branching patterns of the facial nerve, indicating the variability in the course of the nerve. Due to such variance, injury to this nerve often accompanies facial trauma and surgical dissection for the repair of facial bone injuries, and it may result in high morbidity. Methods and Materials. A study of 12 fresh cadavers was performed to 1) review the variability in location of the extratemporal branches of the facial nerve, 2) identify the soft tissue injuries in which the facial nerve is at risk, and 3) discuss surgical options for repair. The authors identified the zygomatic and buccal and the extratemporal branches of the facial nerve. Among the five extratemporal branches, there is a significant crossover between all, except the temporal and the mandibular branches. This indicates that dissection should proceed with great caution, since injury to the temporal and marginal mandibular branches is unlikely to resolve spontaneously. The management of injuries within one year and those of longer duration is discussed. Results and/or Conclusions. Two of the 5 major branches of the extratemporal facial nerve have a high morbidity following injury. Repair should be performed within the first 72 hours. Graft, if required, should be placed in 9 to 12 months.
Treatment of idiopathic facial paralysis: Corticoids versus acyclovir versus empirical treatment; Bell's palsy has no specific treatment because its cause is still debated. The most widely accepted theory postulates an immunovirological origin consisting of the reactivation of a silent herpesvirus on the geniculate ganglion. We studied three groups of patients with Bell's palsy who received different treatments in an attempt to discern differences in evolution between treatment groups.
Use of acyclovir in idiopathic acute facial paralysis (Bell's palsy); Recently, acyclovir use has been proposed for the treatment of Bell's palsy in view of the hypothetical viral origin of the disorder. Recent studies suggest that the maximum effect is achieved by combining acyclovir with prednisone. Nevertheless, acyclovir alone appears to be useful in the treatment of some patients (hypertensive subjects). Protocols are defined for the medical treatment of Bell's palsy.
S.T.E.P.S.(TM): A comprehensive program for controlling and monitoring access to thalidomide; In July 1998, the US Food and Drag Administration approved the marketing of thalidomide for the treatment of cutaneous manifestations of erythema nodosum leprosum. To ensure that fetal exposure to this teratogenic agent does not occur, the manufacturer has instituted a comprehensive program to control prescribing, dispensing, and use of the drug. This program, known as the System for Thalidomide Education and Prescribing Safety (S.T.E.P.S.(TM) [Celgene Corporation, Warren, New Jersey]), is based in part on experience gained with other drugs - specifically isotretinoin and clozapine - that offer important clinical benefits but carry the potential for serious harm. To achieve its goal of the lowest possible incidence of drug-associated teratogenicity, the S.T.E.P.S.(TM) program uses a three-pronged approach: (1) controlling access to the drug; (2) educating prescribers, pharmacists, and patients; and (3) monitoring compliance. Clinicians who wish to prescribe thalidomide must be registered in the S.T.E.P.S.(TM) Prescriber Registry and agree to prescribe the drug in accordance with S.T.E.P.S.(TM) patient eligibility criteria and monitoring procedures. Pharmacies must also register and agree to comply with patient identification and monitoring criteria. Finally, patients receive visual aids, including a videotape, written material, and verbal counseling about the benefits and risks of thalidomide therapy, the importance of not becoming pregnant during therapy, and the types of contraception required (including emergency contraception) and their availability. Women of childbearing potential must agree to undergo pregnancy testing before starting therapy and on a regular schedule during therapy. All patients must agree to complete a confidential survey about their compliance with contraception, testing, and drug therapy. The manufacturer is monitoring survey results and outcome data and is prepared to make whatever modifications to the S.T.E.P.S.(TM) program are necessary to ensure its effectiveness. In addition to minimizing the potential risk for fetal harm associated with thalidomide therapy, the S.T.E.P.S.(TM) program may provide a model for future cases in which a drug offers compelling benefits but poses profound risks unless its distribution is carefully controlled.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome in a 4-year-old child; The Ramsay-Hunt syndrome mostly affects adults, but a small number of children with herpes zoster oticus have been reported. We describe a case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome in a healthy 4-year-old boy. He developed varicella at 7 months of age. At the age of 4 years, he complained of pain in his right ear, and herpes tester vesicles were noted on his right pinna. Three days later, he developed right facial paralysis. He was treated with intravenous acyclovir and methylprednisolone. One month later, his facial paralysis had fully resolved.
A possible case of central diffusion during stellate ganglion block: 'The spinal rachidian nerve'; Stellate ganglion block is a common treatment for neuropathic pain. The technique is not without potentially severe complications when a paratracheal approach is used. A 33-year-old woman complained of atypical facial pain of 15 years' duration with pain intensity of 6 to 8 on a visual analog scale and no pain-free periods upon use of inadequate analgesia. One minute after performing a second stellate ganglion block the patient showed signs of apnea and paralysis of the upper extremities and face, with no involvement of oculomotor muscles or the lower extremities, and no loss of consciousness. Assisted ventilation was started. Signs and symptoms resolved fully after 15 minutes. A few days later, the patient reported having perceived paresthesia in the affected zone during the procedure. Central spread of a portion of local anesthetic by way of the spinal nerve sheath toward the subarachnoid space may cause partial cervical and basal nuclear blockade. Signs would be apnea, involvement of the upper extremities and facial muscles, although paresthesia during the injection is the only evidence supporting this hypothesis. Bone contact and negative aspiration while performing a stellate ganglion block do not guarantee avoidance of complications.
Diaphragmatic paralysis due to Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a tick-borne spirochaete infection which, in a proportion of patients, can lead to neuropathy. This article describes a case of diaphragmatic paralysis due to Lyme disease. A 39-yr-old male presented to the hospital because of an acute left facial palsy. Six weeks prior to admission he had developed a circular rash on his left flank during a camping holiday. He also complained of shortness of breath and arthralgia for 1 week. His chest radiograph demonstrated a raised right hemi-diaphragm. Diaphragmatic paralysis was confirmed by fluoroscopy (a positive sniff test). Serology revealed evidence of recent infection by Borrelia burgdorferi. On the basis of the patient's clinical presentation, a recent history of erythema migrans, and positive Lyme serology, a diagnosis of neuroborreliosis was made. He received oral doxycycline therapy (200 mg·day-1) for three weeks. Facial and diaphragmatic palsies resolved within eight weeks. On the basis of this case, a diagnosis of Lyme disease should be considered in patients from endemic regions with otherwise unexplained phrenic nerve palsy.
The traits of diagnosis and surgical treatment of the patients with tumors of basis cranii; A total of 28 patients with tumors of basis cranii were examined and treated between may, 1995 and april, 1988. Most informative methods of diagnosis and treatment of the tumors of this localization were pointed out. The surgical method with using the combined transcervical-transmastoidal approach is the method of choice for the treatment. 16 patients were operated. In the case of affected facial nerve the neuroplastics VII-XII is indicated at final step of the operation. Long-term (within 6 months, 1 and 2 years after the treatment) results were depicted.
Sympathetic contralateral vestibulopathy after unilateral tester oticus; A unique case of initially right sided varicella zoster induced Ramsay-Hunt syndrome with complete vestibular loss is reported. The patient subsequently developed deficits of the left vestibule 5 months later. An autoimmune pathogenesis of the left vestibular failure rather than bilateral varicella zoster infection was suggested by the following data: (1) no evidence of vesicular eruptions on the left auricle and the virtual absence of antiviral antibodies after onset of bilateral vestibulopathy; (2) prompt response of the left vestibule to immunosuppressive therapy with cortico-steroids; and (3) presence of atypical tissue specific autoantibodies against a 45 kDa protein.
Acoustic neuroma in children. Report of 5 cases; In this report, we present five cases of acoustic neuroma in children; one of them concern a case of neurofibromatosis 2. The most common symptom is a deafness, but it can also be revealed by a tinnitus, a vertigo, a facial nerve paralysis or headache. Diagnosis is confirmed by T1 and T2-weighted MRI with intravenous infusion of gadolinium. The deals of the treatment are tumor's control and preservation of the hearing and facial nerve functions. The means used are either microsurgery with a preference for posteriors approaches to translabyrinthic one, or radiosurgery with gamma knife which seems to be a promising technique for stades II and III tumors. Only children with small acoustic neuroma and good hearing can be simply watched. In neurofibromatosis 2, acoustic neuromas are bilateral and can be associated with other neuromas and cutaneous or ophtalmologic symptoms. Surgery is indicated in first on the side of the biggest tumor or the worst hearing function. Only a few patients well selected may benefit from an auditory brainstem implant.
A conservation approach to pharyngeal carcinoma with advanced neck disease: Optimizing neck management; Background. Surgical management of advanced neck disease remains controversial when a conservative approach based on radiotherapy is retained for primary tumors. The objective of this study was to evaluate retrospectively treatment results in pharyngeal cancers presenting with N2- N3 neck disease, using neck dissection followed by radical locoregional radiotherapy (RT) and to compare these results with those obtained in patients treated by radical RT alone. Methods. From August 1991 to November 1996, 41 patients with carcinomas of the oro- or hypopharynx were staged as T1-T3 N2-N3 M0 (American Joint Committee on Cancer [AJCC] stage IV). Twenty- four patients were treated with neck dissection followed by RT (group 1) and 17 patients with radical RT (group 2) using a progressively accelerated concomitant boost schedule. Chemotherapy was delivered to 6 patients in group 1 and 8 in group 2 partially concomitantly with RT. Results. Three-year actuarial locoregional control was 73% and 55% for groups 1 and 2, respectively (p = .52). The corresponding 3-year actuarial overall survival rates were 37% and 50% (p = .42). Severe postoperative complications were observed after neck dissection in four patients (16%). Acute toxicity during RT was similar in the two groups. Late toxicities were also similar, except for two patients in group 1 who developed severe laryngeal edema. Conclusions. Neck dissection followed by radical RT to the primary tumor and neck represents a valid treatment option in this subset of patients, allowing good control of advanced neck disease, while at the same time conserving pharyngolaryngeal function. However, for patients who are at high risk of severe postoperative complications, radical RT can be considered a worthy alternative, particularly for oropharyngeal carcinomas.
Postparotidectomy facial nerve paralysis: Possible etiologic factors and results with routine facial nerve monitoring; Objective: Analyze the incidence and factors responsible for postparotidectomy facial nerve paralysis when the surgery is performed with the routine use of facial nerve monitoring. Study Design: A prospective, nonrandomized study. Methods: Seventy consecutive patients underwent parotidectomy with intraoperative facial nerve monitoring. Two devices were used: a custom mechanical transducer and a commercial electromyograph-based apparatus. All patients were analyzed, including those with cancer and those with deliberate or accidental sectioning of facial nerve branches. The outcome variables were the motor facial nerve function according to the House-Brackmann grading scale (HB) at 1 week (temporary paralysis) and 6 to 12 months (definitive paralysis). Facial nerve grading was performed blindly from reviewing videotapes. Results: The overall incidence of facial paralysis (HB > 1) was 27% for temporary and 4% for permanent deficits. Most of the deficits were partial, most often concerning the marginal mandibular branch. Temporary deficits with HB scores of greater than 2 were only present in patients with parotid cancer or infection. Permanent deficits were present in three patients, including one patient with facial nerve sacrifice. Factors significantly associated with an increased incidence of temporary facial paralysis include the extent of parotidectomy, the intraoperative sectioning of facial nerve branches, the histopathology and the size of the lesion, and the duration of the operation. Conclusions: Despite a stringent accounting of postoperative facial nerve deficits, these data compare favorably to the literature with or without the use of monitoring. An overall incidence of 27% for temporary facial paralysis and 4% for permanent facial paralysis was found. Although the lack of a control group precludes definitive conclusions on the role of electromyograph-based facial nerve monitoring in routine parotidectomy, the authors found its use very helpful.
A case of pharyngeal-cervical-brachial variant of Guillain-Barre syndrome with positive anti-galactocerebroside (Gal-C) IgM antibody; A 49-year-old man presented with hoarseness, dysphagia, muscle atrophy and weakness of deltoid, trapezius, sternocleidomastoid, rhomboid, anterior serratus, infraspinatus and supraspinatus. Anti-Gal-C IgM antibody was positive in the serum. The other antiganglioside antibodies (GM1, GM2, GM3, GD1a, GD1b, GD3, GT1a, GT1b, GQ 1b, GA1, Ga1NAc-GD1a, GM1b) were negative. Patient contracted pneumonia but whether it was due to mycoplasma was not evident. Plasmapheresis improved his clinical state including a decrease of the antibody. This case was diagnosed pharyngeal-cervical-brachial variant of Guillain-Barre syndrome, and anti-Gal-C antibody seemed to be correlated with the pathogenesis of this syndrome. Ga1-C is a major glycolipid of myelin and the cell membrane of the myelin-forming cell (oligodendrocytes and Schwann cells) and is free of specific localization and distribution. The mechanism how the anti-Gal-C IgM antibody induced bulbar paralysis and the symptoms localizing neck and upper limbs remains to be known.
A case of Lyme disease with the triad of neurologic manifestations (meningitis, radiculoneuritis, facial nerve palsy) and dermatitis of the nail roots; A 23-year-old man experienced dysesthesia of the distal parts of four limbs and spilling of drinking water from the right corner of his mouth. He also experienced low grade fever, headache, and nausea. Neurological examination showed weakness of the right frontal, orbicularis oculi and orbicularis oris muscles, atrophy and weakness of the interosseous muscles in both upper limbs and dysesthesia in the distal parts of four limbs. Lasegue's sign was also positive on the left side. Examination of CSF showed lymphocytic pleocytosis and an increase of total protein. Serum antibody against Borrelia garinii was positive as determined by ELISA. The patient was diag: nosed as a case of Lyme disease. His symptoms were not alleviated by administration of ceftriaxone (2 g/day) for 15 days, and dermatitis of nail roots appeared. Following administration of penicillin G at a high dose (12 million units/day) for 20 days, both neurologic symptoms and dermatitis were alleviated. Since B. garinii was reported to move preferentially toward the sites of low temperature, dermatitis of nail roots may be one of the characteristic features of Lyme disease caused by B. garinii.
Treatment, outcomes, and prognostic factors of ear cancer; Cancer of the ear is rare and a consensus has not been reached as to the most appropriate treatment. In this retrospective study, we examined the treatment modalities, prognostic factors, and outcomes of patients treated for ear cancer at the National Taiwan University Hospital during a 15-year period. The disease-free survival rates of patients with three different disease grades were compared using the log-rank test. The effects of prognostic factors on survival were examined with Cox's proportional hazard model. Of the 61 ear cancer patients treated from January 1982 through October 1996, 47 (36 men, 11 women; mean age, 54.6 yr) had complete records and were included in this study. The tumor originated from the middle ear in 29 (62%) patients and from the external ear canal in 18 (38%). A total of 37 patients underwent radical mastoidectomy to remove the gross tumor, while six underwent wide excision of the tumor. Concomitant parotidectomy or neck dissection was performed in seven patients. Thirty-eight patients received postoperative radiation therapy and five patients received chemotherapy for palliative treatment of recurrent or inoperable tumors. All but four (9%) of 43 patients developed facial nerve palsy postoperatively. There were no deaths directly related to surgery or other major complications, including cerebrospinal fluid leakage, meningitis, or hemiparesis. The 5-year disease- free survival rate was 53% overall (n=47), but differed significantly among patients with different grades of disease (p = 0.038): 66% for grade I (n = 27), 44% for grade II (n = 17), and 0% for grade III (n = 3). Multivariate analysis revealed that cervical lymph node metastasis was a poor prognostic factor (relative hazard, 16.4; p < 0.001). These results suggest that mastoidectomy with postoperative radiation therapy can yield satisfactory outcomes, even in some cases of advanced (grade II) disease.
Gastric surgery for pseudotumor cerebri associated with severe obesity; Objective: To study the efficacy of gastric surgery-induced weight loss for the treatment of pseudotumor cerebri (PTC). Summary Background Data: Pseudotumor cerebri (also called idiopathic intracranial hypertension), a known complication of severe obesity, is associated with severe headaches, pulsatile tinnitus, elevated cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) pressures, and normal brain imaging. The authors have found in previous clinical and animal studies that PTC in obese persons is probably secondary to a chronic increase in intraabdominal pressure leading to increased intrathoracic pressure. CSF- peritoneal shunts have a high failure rate, probably because they involve shunting from a high-pressure system to another high-pressure zone. In an earlier study of gastric bypass surgery in eight patients, CSF pressure decreased from 353 ± 35 to 168 ± 12 mm H2O at 34 ± 8 months after surgery, with resolution of headaches in all. Methods: Twenty-four severely obese women underwent bariatric surgery-23 gastric bypasses and one laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding 62 ± 52 months ago for the control of severe obesity associated with PTC. CSF pressures were 324 ± 83 mm H2O. Additional PTC central nervous system and cranial nerve problems included peripheral visual field loss, trigeminal neuralgia, recurrent Bell's palsy, and pulsatile tinnitus. Spontaneous CSF rhinorrhea occurred in one patient, and hemiplegia with homonymous hemianopsia developed as a complication of ventriculoperitoneal shunt placement in another. There were two occluded lumboperitoneal shunts and another functional but ineffective lumboperitoneal shunt. Additional obesity comorbidity in these patients included degenerative joint disease, gastroesophageal reflux disease, hypertension, urinary stress incontinence, sleep apnea, obesity hypoventilation, and type II diabetes mellitus. Results: At 1 year after bariatric surgery, 19 patients lost an average of 45 ± 12 kg, which was 71 ± 18% of their excess weight. Their body mass index and percentage of ideal body weight had fallen to 30 ± 5 kg/m2 and 133 ± 22%, respectively. In four patients, less than 1 year had elapsed since surgery. Five patients were lost to follow-up. Surgically induced weight loss was associated with resolution of headache and pulsatile tinnitus in all but one patient within 4 months of the procedure. The cranial nerve dysfunctions resolved in all patients. The patient with CSF rhinorrhea had resolution within 4 weeks of gastric bypass. Of the 19 patients not lost to follow-up, 2 regained weight, with recurrence of headache and pulsatile tinnitus. Additional resolved associated comorbidities were 6/14 degenerative joint disease, 9/10 gastroesophageal reflux disorder, 2/6 hypertension, and all with sleep apnea, hypoventilation, type II diabetes mellitus, and urinary incontinence. Conclusions: Bariatric surgery is the long-term procedure of choice for severely obese patients with PTC and is shown to have a much higher rate of success than CSF-peritoneal shunting reported in the literature, as well as providing resolution of additional obesity comorbidity. Increased intraabdominal pressure associated with central obesity is the probable etiology of PTC, a condition that should no longer be considered idiopathic.
Facial paralysis: Diagnosis and management; Facial paralysis is a condition frequently seen in otology and audiology clinics. Its most common etiologies are idiopathic, trauma and infection. This article deals with the pathophysiology of facial paralysis, diagnostic technique and treatment modalities illustrated with case studies. The section on pathophysiology includes a discussion of the classification of nerve injury: neuropraxia that may be associated with a compressional injury, axonotmesis associated with an interruption of the myelin layer and axon and neurotmesis involving a complete transection. Among diagnostic techniques, evoked facial electromyography or electroneuronography and needle EMG are discussed and compared. Needle EMG in particular is useful in cases with complete facial paralysis and an evoked EMG reduction of 90% or more. Among patients with idiopathic facial paralysis approximately 71% recover completely and approximately 16% remain with serious sequelae. In terms of treatment, corticosteroids and antiviral medications may be used. Surgical decompression may be used in selected cases to relieve intraneural pressure.
Miller fisher syndrome with central involvement: Successful treatment with plasmapheresis; Miller Fisher syndrome is characterized by external ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, and areflexia. Most researchers favor a peripheral origin while others suggest a brainstem inflammatory lesion or a combination of central and peripheral demyelination. We report 2 cases of Miller Fisher syndrome with the typical triad of ataxia, areflexia, and ophthalmoplegia. Strong clinical evidence of central involvement included initial drowsiness, bilateral Babinski sign, and quadriparesis. Evoked potential studies showed prolongation of central conduction time. Plasmapheresis was performed to relieve respiratory failure in patient 1 and to shorten the duration of nasogastric tube feeding due to severe bulbar palsy in Patient 2. Significant improvement of electrophysiologic parameters was recorded after plasmapheresis. Abnormal evoked potentials, together with clinical evidence of central nervous system abnormalities, support the hypothesis that there is a combination of peripheral and central involvement in Miller Fisher syndrome in our patients. Plasmapheresis is highly effective in relieving the profound neurological deficits of this atypical syndrome.
A clinical study on the magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve; Objectives: A clinical study on the usefulness of magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve, with special attention paid to the selection of the coil shape and stimulation procedures. Study Design: The subjects consisted of 55 patients with Bell's palsy, 1 patient with a cerebellopontine angle (CPA) tumor, 1 patient with multiple sclerosis (MS), and 30 normal subjects. Three types of coils were used in this study; a 90-mm large single coil, a 40-mm small single coil, and a 20-mm small double coil. Methods: The compound muscle action potentials (CMAPs) and long latency response were evoked by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) with a 90-mm large single coil. The 40-mm small single coil was used to test blink reflex by aiming it at the supraorbital nerve as the target site. The subcutaneous activation of the infra-auricular facial nerve was performed with the 20-mm double coil. Results: The reproducible CMAP and long latency responses were obtained from normal subjects with TMS. However, responses were observed only in patients with relatively mild Bell's palsy. The magnetic stimulation-evoked responses reflected the brainstem function in the patients with a CPA tumor and MS. Conclusion: Although magnetic stimulation remains inferior to conventional electric stimulation in some sense and requires further study, this method is potentially useful because it can stimulate the facial nerve continuously from the cortex to the periphery and can effectively evoke responses reflecting the brainstem function.
Three-dimensional quantification of 'still' points during normal facial movement; This study investigated the 3-dimensional displacement of points on the face that were thought to be still during facial movement. These points are currently used to measure displacement of moving facial regions during assessment of normal facial movement and treatment interventions following facial nerve paralysis. It is, however, unknown if these places are 'still' points. The Expert Vision Motion Analysis System was used to collect and analyze data on 42 normal subjects during facial movement. No point on the face was found to be still during facial expression. However, several points were present with very small movements for each individual expression. These were termed 'reference' points. These small movements may be the result of system noise, physiological tremor, skin movement, or head-holder movement during facial expressions. Future studies of the displacement of the markers during facial movement in both normal subjects and patients with facial nerve paralysis may take into account the contribution of the 'reference' point displacements to the overall facial movement.
Otosclerosis surgery: a series of 227 cases. Introduction of CO2 laser; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of the size of the footplate opening on the hearing results in surgical treatment of otosclerosis and the use of CO2 laser in this indication. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 190 patients with otosclerosis underwent 227 procedures between 1986 and 1995. Hearing results and symptoms were analyzed to compare the different procedures: 140 stapedectomies, 87 Fisch's stapedotomies, 35 of them with manual perforator, 52 of them with CO2 laser. RESULTS: Air/bone gap closure within 10 dB was obtained in 87, 92 and 97 percent of stapedectomies and in 80, 84 et 90 percent of stapedotomies after 3 months, 1 and 3 years (NS). Bone conduction was improved in 81, 80 et 63 percent of stapedectomies and 87, 97, 60 percent of stapedotomies after the same time (NS). Air/bone gap closure within 10 dB was obtained in 75 and 80 percent of manual perforator stapedotomies and in 84 and 88 percent of CO2 laser stapedotomies after 3 months, and 1 year (NS). Bone conduction was improved in 78 and 96 percent of manual perforator stapedotomies and 95 and 100 percent of CO2 laser stapedotomies after the same time (NS). No facial palsy or prolonged vertigo occurred. There was one case of anucusis following a stapedectomy. CONCLUSION: Although both stapedectomy and stapedotomy produced equivalent air/bone gap closure, reduction of inner ear trauma was noted with Fisch's stapedotomy. CO2 laser technique is a safe procedure, which optimizes the Fisch's stapedotomy.
Report of 190 consecutive cases of large acoustic tumors (vestibular schwannoma) removed via the translabyrinthine approach; Object. The choice of approach for surgical removal of large acoustic neuromas is still controversial. The authors reviewed the results in a series of patients who underwent removal of large tumors via the translabyrinthine approach. Methods. The authors conducted a database analysis of 190 patients (89 men and 101 women) with acoustic neuromas 3 cm or greater in size. The mean age of these patients was 46.1 ± 15.6 years. One hundred seventy-eight patients underwent primary translabyrinthine surgical removal and 12 underwent surgery for residual tumor. Total tumor removal was accomplished in 183 cases (96.3%). The tumor was adherent to the facial nerve to some degree in 64% of the cases, but the facial nerve was preserved anatomically in 178 (93.7%) of the patients. Divided nerves were repaired by primary attachment or cable graft. Facial nerve function was assessed immediately after surgery, at the time of discharge, and at 3 to 4 weeks and 1 year after discharge. Excellent function (House-Brackmann facial nerve Grade I or II) was present in 55%, 33.9%, 38.8%, and 52.6% of the patients for each time interval, respectively, with acceptable function (Grades I-IV) in 81% at 1 year. Cerebrospinal fluid leakage that required surgical repair occurred in only 1.1% of the patients and meningitis in 3.7%. There were no deaths. Conclusions. Use of the translabyrinthine approach for removal of large tumors resulted in good anatomical and functional preservation of the facial nerve, with minimum incidence of morbidity and no incidence of mortality. The authors continue to recommend use of this approach for acoustic tumors larger than 3 cm and for smaller tumors when hearing preservation is not an issue.
Surgical removal of large cavernous angioma in the pontomedullary junction: A case report; Recent advances in neuroradiology have enabled us to approach cavernous angioma in the brain stem. A case of large cavernous angioma, which was located in the pontomedullary junction, was removed surgically. A 24-year- old female was admitted with occipitalgia, dizziness, nausea, gait disturbance. On neurologic examination, the patient had right hemiparesis, slight right facial palsy and paresthesia, right hemi-paresthesia, dysphagia. T1 weighted Gd enhanced MRI revealed a mixed intensity lesion. These findings were thought to be consistent with a cavernous angioma. Follow up MRI findings demonstrated progressive increase in cavernous angioma. Vertebral angiograms showed a mass sign and a venous angioma in the midline of the pomomedullary junction. Therefore, the operation was performed in an attempt to remove the cavernous angioma through the midline of the fouth ventricle. The operation was performed under monitoring of electromyogram of facial muscle and external ocular muscle. The cavernous angioma was removed totally, and addition neurogical deficits were minimal.
Physical therapy for facial paralysis: A tailored treatment approach; Background and Purpose. Bell palsy is an acute facial paralysis of unknown etiology. Although recovery from Bell palsy is expected without intervention, clinical experience suggests that recovery is often incomplete. This case report describes a classification system used to guide treatment and to monitor recovery of an individual with facial paralysis. Case Description. The patient was a 71-year-old woman with complete left facial paralysis secondary to Bell palsy. Signs and symptoms were assessed using a standardized measure of facial impairment (Facial Grading System [FGS]) and questions regarding functional limitations. A treatment-based category was assigned based on signs and symptoms. Rehabilitation involved muscle re- education exercises tailored to the treatment-based category. Outcomes. In 14 physical therapy sessions over 13 months, the patient had improved facial impairments (initial FGS score=17/100, final FGS score=68/100) and no reported functional limitations. Discussion. Recovery from Bell palsy can be a complicated and lengthy process. The use of a classification system may help simplify the rehabilitation process.
Risks of upper lid gold implants in peripheral facial paresis; Peripheral facial paresis is often accompanied by incomplete closure of the eyelids and may lead to varying degrees of keratopathy. Conservative therapeutic measures are often not sufficient. To achieve better lid closure tarsorraphy has been the primary method of treatment but has certain functional and cosmetic drawbacks for the patient. Alternatively gold weight implants have been used to close the upper lid by the force of gravity and if needed can be combined with further reconstructive facial surgery. From May 1994 to January 1997 29 patients with peripheral facial paralysis were treated with gold weight upper lid implants. Postoperative closure of the lids was sufficient in all cases, and there was a statistically significant decrease in lagophthalmos and improvement in keratopathy. Complications observed included ptosis (n=5), cosmetically unacceptable bulging of the gold implant (n=5), extrusion of the implant (n=1) and the development of a low- grade corneal astigmatism (n=7). In all cases of astigmatism correction was achieved by the fitting of cylinder glasses. In all, functional results achieved showed that the gold implant was superior to the cosmetically bothersome tarsorraphy.
A case of atypical Miller Fisher syndrome associated with antiphospholipid antibodies; We report a 56-year-old man with external ophthalmoplegia and ataxic gait following a diarrhea, being diagnosed atypical Miller Fisher syndrome (FS). On admission, he had severe diplopia and bilateral external ophthalmoplegia were observed. The deep tendon reflexes were decreased on the right upper extremity. He could not walk straight and his tandem gait was impaired. Serum IgG anticardiolipin antibody (aCL) and APTT-lupus anticoagulant (LA) were found to be increased. The serum of the patient had low titer of anti-GQ 1 b and anti-GM 1 antibodies. After the first immunoadsorption therapy, his ophthalmoplegia was improved moderately, but peripheral facial palsy appeared. He was treated with immunoadsorption again, then all neurologic symptoms improved and a follow-up study revealed normalized aCL and LA titers. There have been no previous reports of FS associated with antiphospholipid antibody. The low titer of serum anti-GQ1b and anti-GM 1 antibodies in this patient suggests that the antiphospholipid antibodies, such as aCL and LA, may be linked to the pathogenesis of FS.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome: Managing in Primary Health Care; Ramsay Hunt syndrome consists of facial palsy, audiological loss and herpetic lesions at the auricle. It is caused by the reactivation of the varicella-zoster virus. This syndrome has been associated with several risk factors, some of them highly prevalent in the general population, and it often presents audiological or neurological complications. It is worth remembering some clinical, epidemiological and therapeutic aspects of the Ramsay Hunt syndrome, as its diagnosis and treatment could be assumed by the Family Physician in the absence of complications.
Continuous interscalene brachial plexus block for postoperative analgesia following shoulder surgery; Background: Severe postoperative pain is a well-known problem following shoulder surgery. This study evaluates the clinical efficacy of continuous interscalene brachial plexus block, patient-controlled analgesia, and morphine (i.v. and i.m.) for postoperative analgesia in this setting. Methods: Thirty patients, scheduled for acromioplasty during general anesthesia, were randomly allocated to one of three different postoperative pain management groups. Group MO received morphine (5 mg i.m. and 2 mg i.v.) when visual analogue pain score (VAS) >3, group PL received a continuous interscalene brachial plexus block with bupivacaine (1.25 mg kg-1 +0.25 mg kg-1 h-1) and group PCA received patient-controlled analgesia with morphine (bolus 1 mg). Postoperative pain relief was assessed (24 h) by VAS, circulatory and respiratory stress parameters (heart rate, systemic arterial pressure and respiratory rate) and stress metabolites (glucose, lactate, glycerol by abdominal subcutaneous microdialysis). Results: Pain relief in the PL group was effective (VAS <3) and significantly more potent than in groups MO and PCA, except at 16 and 20 h. Lactate was significantly increased in the PL group, glucose was significantly increased in all groups, while glycerol showed a variable pattern. There were no significant stress metabolite differences among groups. VAS showed no statistical correlation with microdialysate, respiratory or circulatory data. Conclusion: Successful continuous interscalene brachial plexus block provides very good pain relief following shoulder surgery and is superior to the other methods studied. However, we were unable to demonstrate a correlation between VAS pain scores and stress indicators in metabolic, circulatory and respiratory parameters.
Blink reflex recovery in facial weakness: An electrophysiologic study of adaptive changes; Objective: To study the electrophysiologic effects of unilateral facial weakness on the excitability of the neuronal circuitry underlying blink reflex, and to localize the site of changes in blink reflex excitability that occur after facial weakness. Background: Eyelid kinematic studies suggest that adaptive modification of the blink reflex occurs after facial weakness. Such adaptations generally optimize eye closure. A report of blepharospasm following Bell's palsy suggests that dysfunctional adaptive changes can also occur. Methods: Blink reflex recovery was evaluated with paired stimulation of the supraorbital nerve at different interstimulus intervals. Comparisons were made between normal control subjects and patients with Bell's palsy who either recovered facial strength or who had persistent weakness. Results: Blink reflex recovery was enhanced in patients with residual weakness but not in patients who recovered facial strength. Facial muscles on weak and unaffected sides showed enhancement. In patients with residual weakness, earlier blink reflex recovery occurred when stimulating the supraorbital nerve on the weak side. Sensory thresholds were symmetric. Conclusion: Enhancement of blink reflex recovery is dependent on ongoing facial weakness. Faster recovery when stimulating the supraorbital nerve on the paretic side suggests that sensitization may be lateralized, and suggests a role for abnormal afferent input in maintaining sensitization. Interneurons in the blink reflex pathway are the best candidates for the locus of this plasticity.
80 cases of peripheral facial paralysis treated by acupuncture with vibrating shallow insertion.; Eighty cases of peripheral facial paralysis were treated by acupuncture with vibrating shallow insertion. The total effective rate was 98.75% and cure rate 88.75%. There was no significant difference in therapeutic effect as compared with the conventional electroacupuncture method (P > 0.5), suggesting that shallow puncture by vibratings can also yield satisfactory therapeutic results.
Facial nerve palsy: Surgical treatment; A review of the surgical treatment for facial nerve palsy is presented. The facial nerve can be damaged during surgery at the cerebellopontine angle, petrous bone, and parotid areas. Facial nerve palsy due to traumatic or infective-inflammatory causes is less frequent. Electromyelography and computerized tomography scans are useful diagnostic tools. Intraoperative electrophysiologic monitoring is important to preserve the anatomic integrity of the facial nerve. Intraoperative injuries of the facial nerve can be repaired immediately by direct approximation of the nerve stumps or by nerve graft interposition. The nerve stumps can be fixed using 10-0 nylon sutures or fibrin glue or both. When the central stump of the facial nerve is lost, a second operation using a donor nerve (e.g., the hypoglossus) should be performed as early as possible (weeks), and in any case within 6 months, but not later than 12 months. Inveterated facial nerve palsy may be treated using muscle transfers and other procedures for palpebral function recovery and prevention of corneal damage. Recent facial nerve palsy may be treated with excellent functional results; inveterated facial nerve palsy may improve with palliative procedures.
Endoscopically assisted facial suspension for treatment of facial palsy; Static suspension remains an option for certain patients with facial paralysis. Endoscopically assisted facial suspension obviates the need for a counter-incision at the oral commissure to distally inset the fascia lata graft as described in the standard technique. The endoscopic technique is simple, allows secure placement of perioral fascial strips, and can be performed as an outpatient.
Anxiety, optimism and symptom reporting following surgery for acoustic neuroma; In this study, a sample of 141 patients operated on for acoustic neuroma tumor were followed-up. The patients completed questionnaires on residual symptoms, hearing problems, anxiety, and optimism. Postoperative facial function was assessed by the treating physician. Multiple regression analyses showed that anxiety, age, and facial function were associated with symptom reporting. Anxiety was also related to hearing problems. Optimism was not associated with either symptoms or hearing problems. Results on the Beck Anxiety Inventory showed that relatively few patients had a moderate degree of anxiety.
Facial palsy in a patient with leptospirosis: Causal or accidental; Facial palsy, one of the most common neurological syndromes, has many causes. This is the first report of a patient with leptospirosis who developed facial palsy. The lesion responded to treatment with doxycycline hyclate.
Long-term prognosis of profound facial nerve paralysis secondary to acoustic neuroma resection; The long-term prognosis of profound facial nerve paralysis was reviewed in 107 patients who, despite preserved nerve continuity, showed no facial movement after acoustic neuroma resection. Spontaneous recovery occurred in 77 patients. However, there was no apparent recovery in 30 patients. Twenty-two of these patients underwent hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis 7-33 months after tumor resection. When spontaneous recovery occurred, the first sign of remission was observed between 3 and 4 months after surgery in nearly half of the patients. Such a sign did not appear after 12 months. The recovery of facial movement deteriorated depending on how long remission onset was delayed. However, the quality of facial movement in patients with such delayed remission was still identical or better than that in those after hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis. These results showed that hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis should be performed approximately 1 year after tumor resection if no sign of remission has been observed by then.
Acute necrotizing otitis media in an infant: A case report; Acute necrotizing otitis media (ANOM), an uncommon but severe form of bacterial otitis media, frequently causes distressing sequelae if not properly diagnosed and treated. A four-month-old female infant initially became ill with intermittent fever, followed by left facial nerve paralysis and left otorrhea four days later. Microscopic examination of the left ear revealed congestion and swelling of the external ear canal, perforation of the eardrum and erosions on the malleus. Culture of pus from the otic lesion grew Pseudomonas aeruginosa. The patient's condition did not improve despite systemic administration of antibiotics; thus, surgical intervention was arranged. During the operation, near-total perforation of the eardrum, a dislodged incus, cholesteatoma-like matrix around the stapes, and granulation tissue occupying the middle ear and mastoid cavities were noted. Radical mastoidectomy was conducted and pathologic examination of the surgical specimen disclosed necrotic changes in both soft and bony tissues. The patient recovered soon after surgery. Her fever subsided one day after surgery and the patient was discharged in a stable condition 12 days later. However, she still had left facial nerve paralysis six months later.
Small-field fractionated radiotherapy with or without stereotactic boost for vestibular schwannoma; Purpose: To assess the efficacy and toxicity of small-field fractionated radiotherapy with or without stereotactic boost (SB) for vestibular schwannomas. Methods and materials: Thirty-nine patients with vestibular schwannoma were treated with irradiation between March 1991 and February 1996. Extra-meatal tumor diameters were under 30 mm. Thirty-three patients received small-field fractionated radiotherapy followed by SB. Basic dose schedule was 44 Gy in 22 fractions over 5 1/2 weeks plus 4 Gy in one session. Six patients received small-field fractionated radiotherapy only (40-44 Gy in 20-22 fractions over 5-5 1/2 weeks or 36 Gy in 20 fractions over 5 weeks).dash;p > Results: Follow-up ranged from 6 to 69 months (median, 24 months). Tumors decreased in size in 13 cases (33%), were unchanged in 25 (64%), and increased in one (3%). The actuarial 2-year tumor control rate was 97%. Fifteen patients had useful hearing (Gardner-Robertson class 1-2) and 25 patients had testable hearing (class 1-4) before irradiation. The 2-year actuarial rates of useful hearing preservation (free of deterioration from class 1-2 to class 3-5) were 78%. The 2-year actuarial rates of any testable hearing preservation (free of deterioration from class 1-4 to class 5) were 96%. No permanent facial and trigeminal neuropathy developed after irradiation. The 2-year actuarial incidences of facial and trigeminal neuropathies were 8% and 16%, respectively. Conclusions: Small-field fractionated radiotherapy with or without SB provides excellent short-term local control and a relatively low incidence of complications for vestibular schwannoma, although further follow-up is necessary to evaluate the long- term results.
Herpes zoster and its complications in Italy: An observational survey; Objectives: to estimate the rate of Herpes zoster and its complications in Italy. Methods: this is an observational, retrospective study carried out by Dermatologists, Geriatric Doctors and General Practitioners. Details on demography, clinical and therapeutic aspects were reported on record forms. The rate of Herpes zoster was only calculated for patients aged 15 years or more, attending General Practitioners because this was the only group where the number of patients at risk was known. The hypothesis that the rate of complications depends on sex, age and number of affected dermatomes was explored through univariate (Chi-square tests) and multivariate (logistic regression) analysis. Results: the number of cases of Herpoes zoster examined by General Practitioners was 4.1 persons aged 15 years or more/1000/year. Usually only one dermatome was affected, most frequently the thoracic one. Overall the rate of complications was 26.1%. The rate of complications is significantly higher (P = 0.001) in patients with two or more affected dermatomes, it is positively correlated to age while difference by sex is not significant (P = 0.297). Practically all patients received treatment for their disease. Conclusions: this is the first epidemiological study on Herpes zoster that has been conducted in Italy. It indicates that annually there are about 200,000 people aged 15 years and over suffering from Herpes zoster in Italy with a considerable number of cases of post herpetic neuralgia.
The application of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene in the treatment of facial depression with facial nerve palsy; OBJECTIVE: In order to investigate the effect of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (e-PT-FE) in repair of facial depression. METHODS: From February 1997 to July 1998. The e-PTFE was used as a filling and suspending material for facial depression and facial nerve palsy in 6 cases. They were followed up for 2-16 months. RESULTS: After filling of the facial depression, the deformed side of the face became symmetrical to that of contralateral side, and those following the suspending technique using this material the affected eyelids could close completely and the oral corners were symmetrical in its static status. CONCLUSION: The expanded PTFE was a safe, biocompatible and easily applied material, especially served as a filling or suspending material in the repair of facial depression with facial nerve palsy.
Clinic analysis of surgical treatment for benign parotid tumour 55 cases; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between 3 kinds of surgical methods and the postoperative recurrence and complication of patients with the benign parotid tumours. METHOD: The records of benign parotid tumours cases (55 patients), who were treated in 1987-1997 at our hospital, were retrospectively analysed. The operative methods as follows: local excision (20 patients), superficial parotidectomy (28 patients), total parotidectomy (7 patients), facial nerve was anatomied during operation for 35 patients. RESULT: The rate of tumour recurrence, partial facial nerve paralysis, parotid gland fistula and Frey's syndroms after operation were 14.6% (8/55), 14.6% (8/55), 7.3% (4/55) and 7.3% (4/55) respectively. CONCLUSION: The operation of superficial parotidectomy or total parotidectomy should be perfromed for benign parotid tumour cases, facial nerve should be anatomied during operation, for reducing tumour recurrence and facial nerve paralysis.
The facial nerve: Current trends in diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation; Facial paralysis is a potentially devastating disorder with numerous implications. Multiple entities must be considered in its etiology, and recent advances in microbiology, radiographic imaging, electrodiagnostic testing, and microsurgery have provided great insight into the pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of the facial nerve. Recent DNA PCR testing has shed new insight into the potential cause for Bell's palsy. This article focuses on the evaluation, differential diagnosis, medical treatment, and rehabilitation of facial nerve pathology with primary emphasis on facial paralysis. Surgical management is also discussed, including reanimation of the paralyzed face.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome--differential diagnosis, pathogenesis and therapy; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is caused by infection of the geniculate ganglion of the seventh cranial nerve by varicella-zoster virus. A case in an 82-year-old woman is described. She presented with oral lesions, right facial palsy and an eruption and pain in her right ear. Oral examination revealed small circumscribed erosions on the right anterior two-thirds of the tongue, with loss of taste. There were also lesions on her right palate. Early diagnosis and treatment are important as immediate treatment is more likely to prevent irreversible complications affecting the facial and other cranial nerves involved.
Hairy cell leukaemia in a patient presenting with malignant otitis externa; Malignant otitis externa is an uncommon, but serious condition occurring usually in elderly diabetic or immunosuppressed patients. Hairy Cell Leukaemia is a rare, B cell lymphoproliferative disorder which causes pancytopaenia with morbidity and mortality most commonly due to opportunistic infection. A case of malignant otitis externa where Hairy Cell Leukaemia may be a predisposing factor is presented.
Auditory and facial nerve dysfunction in patients with hemifacial microsomia; Background: Hemifacial microsomia (HFM) is a common craniofacial disorder characterized by a wide spectrum of anomalies, including conductive hearing loss due to external and middle ear deformities. However, the prevalence of sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL) as well as facial nerve dysfunction is underappreciated. Objective: To determine the frequency of auditory and facial nerve dysfunction and its relationship to more severe forms of bilateral HFM. Design: Retrospective medical record review to characterize the clinical severity of HFM and the prevalence and nature of the associated auditory and facial nerve dysfunction. Selling: Center for Craniofacial Anomalies at the University of California, San Francisco, Medical Center. Patients: Ninety-nine pediatric patients with HFM evaluated at the University of California, San Francisco, Medical Center. Main Outcome Measures: The prevalence of SNHL and facial nerve dysfunction in this patient population and any associations between these 2 characteristics. Results: Hearing loss was present in 74 (75%) of 99 patients, with a conductive component in 73 patients. Sensorineural hearing loss was present in 11 patients (11%), with mixed hearing loss in most patients. Fourteen patients required rehabilitation with auditory amplification. Nearly a quarter of the patients (22 [22%] of 99) had facial nerve dysfunction, but only 1 patient had facial palsy on the same side as the SNHL. There was a statistically significant association between having auricular abnormalities and conductive hearing loss or SNHL (P = .30 and .80, respectively). However, there was no statistically significant association between bilateral HFM and the occurrence of either SNHL or facial paralysis, nor was there an association between auditory and facial nerve dysfunction. Conclusions: Sensorineural hearing loss and facial nerve dysfunction are common in HFM. These findings have important implications in the treatment of patients with HFM.
Two cases of facial neurinoma successfully treated with gamma knife radiosurgery; Two cases of facial neurinoma successfully treated with gamma knife radiosurgery are reported. Case 1, a 33-year-old female, developed a right- sided hemifacial spasm about five years ago. Then she suffered gradual progression of right-sided facial palsy, dysgeusia and reduction of lacrimation, but she had no hearing disturbance. T1-weighted MRI with gadolinium DTPA showed a well-circumscribed tumor at the geniculate ganglion extending to the middle cranial fossa. The tumor was treated with gamma knife radiosurgery which reduced its size, but didn't reduce the patient's facial palsy. Case 2, a 36-year-old female, presented with fluctuating facial palsy and sensorineural hearing loss lasting for fourteen years. T1-weighted enhanced MRI showed a well-enhanced tumor at the CP angle extending to the middle cranial fossa. The tumor was treated with gamma knife radiosurgery, which caused central tumor necrosis, but didn't reduce the tumor size. Meanwhile the patient's facial palsy improved. Gamma knife radiosurgery is apparently effective against facial neurinomas without producing serious complications such as complete facial palsy and hearing loss. Our study indicates that gamma knife radiosurgery is a useful therapeutic alternative for facial neurinomas.
Knowing from experience of surgical treatment to 27 cases of facial nerve injures; OBJECTIVE: In order to investigate the elements which affect operative treatment effect to patients with facial nerve injuries. METHOD: 27 postoperative cases with facial nerve injures were analyzed. RESULT: The results showed that the effect of treatments was more satisfactory when age was younger, the timing of operation was earlier, operative approach was right, facial nerve injury was mild, or lesion position was lower. The effect of postoperation reached House I-II degree in 21 patients (21/27), House III-IV degree in 6 patients. CONCLUSION: According to different causes of facial nerve injuries, the keys to efficient treatment are confirming of injury range, selecting of operative approach, probing into damages completely in case of missing lesion.
Neurological lesions of sarcoidosis; OBJECTIVE: Study the incidence, clinical features, prognosis and diagnostic and therapeutic strategies in neurological lesions of sarcoidosis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The 207 cases of sarcoidosis followed at the Grenoble University Hospital between 1992 and 1998 were identified. After collecting data, the cases with neurological signs related to sarcoidosis were selected. RESULTS: Sixteen patients (7.7%) had neurosarcoidosis. Ten had central nervous system involvement, with 5 reaching the hypothalamus and pituitary glands, 2 cases of meningoencephalitis, 2 pseudotumoral lesions, and 1 bitemporal lesion. Six had peripheral nervous system involvement, 3 had facial palsies and 3 had neuropathies. Laboratory tests were not contributive to diagnosis. Ten magnetic resonance imaging series were pathological out of 11 performed. Three central nervous system biopsies were obtained. Corticosteroid therapy was the most frequent treatment. For hypothalamic and pituitary dysfunction, the only treatment was substitutive hormone therapy. The course was favorable in 11 cases, stable in 4 cases. Symptoms worsened despite treatment in only 1 case. CONCLUSION: The incidence of neurosarcoidosis may be much higher than is generally realized. The association of suggestive MRI signs, and clinical and laboratory findings evoke the diagnosis. Brain biopsy remains necessary for the pseudotumoral forms and the primitive neurological forms.
Endoscope-assisted fixation of mandibular condylar process fractures; Purpose: Reduction and plate osteosynthesis of condylar fractures often require a wide extraoral approach with the risk of aesthetic impairment and possible facial nerve palsy. To avoid complications, the purpose of this pilot study was to use an endoscopic device for the treatment of condylar fractures also allowing for endoscopically assisted plate application. Patients and Methods: Seven condylar fractures were operated under endoscopic control. In three patients, a newly developed device for endoscopically controlled plate application was clinically tested. The new device and the application technique is described in detail. Results: In two of three cases using this approach, fracture healing was achieved with the condyle in the anatomically correct position. In the third case the plate had to be removed early because of insufficient screw fixation. Conclusion: This technique may be helpful to further minimize surgical trauma in head and neck fracture treatment. The newly developed plate application device may also be used to approach other regions of the skull eg, the skull base, the zygoma, or the orbit.
Bilateral middle ear squamous cell carcinoma and clinical review of an additional 5 cases of middle ear carcinomas; We reported a retrospective review of the clinical records for a 64 year old male patient with bilateral middle ear squamous cell carcinoma (MESCC), and for the five other patients with MESCC treated at our institution during the last 20 years. The patient with bilateral MESCC has survived and remained tumor free for more than 1.5 years after extended radical resection of the secondary tumor combined with intra-arterial and systemic chemotherapy, radiotherapy and immunotherapy. Four patients with unilateral MESCC were treated with multidisciplinary treatment (induction chemotherapy, surgery and radiotherapy), and the remaining patient was treated with radiotherapy and mastoidectomy. Five of the six patients are alive with no evidence of disease. The patient treated with radiotherapy and radical mastoidectomy died of local recurrence 3 years after diagnosis. We suggest that MESCC should be considered when refractory granulation, long-standing otorrhea, otalgia and facial paralysis are observed. Multidisciplinary treatment, including intra- arterial chemotherapy and en bloc resection of the temporal tumor is useful for the treatment of MESCC and will improve the prognosis of patients with this disease.
Peripheral facial palsy: Etiology, diagnosis and treatment; Treatment options for peripheral facial palsy (PFP) are an often discussed problem in neurologic practice. Following a short description of the complex anatomy of the seventh cranial nerve we therefore review possible etiologies in the context of leading clinical signs, with idiopathic PFP or Bell's palsy (BP) being most frequent. A rather typical clinical course of BP allows to focus differential diagnostic workup predominantly on the rapid identification of treatable infections such as with Herpes tester or Borrelia burgdorferi. Neuroimaging studies are needed only in case of trauma, with slowly developing PFP or in the presence of associated signs and symptoms. As BP is characterized by an overall high rate of spontaneous recovery, major emphasis has to be put on avoiding complications by protecting the eye. Meta-analysis of four randomized controlled studies suggests a marginal benefit of steroids concerning eventual achievement of complete recovery. Beneficial effects of a combination of acyclovir and prednisone have also been claimed. While such therapies may be considered in patients with a presumptive bad prognosis, more general recommendations on medical treatment of BP will have to await further trials.
Facial nerve palsy in an infant with hemophilia A; A 5-month-old infant with hitherto undiagnosed hemophilia A, who developed a unilateral lower motor neurone type of facial palsy, is described. A high-resolution CT scan confirmed the nerve palsy to be a consequence of a hemotympanum. The patient recovered completely in 7-10 days after therapy with factor VIII concentrate.
Management and long-term follow-up of infants with total colonic aganglionosis; Background/Purpose: Although the Survival rate for the infants with total colonic aganglionosis (TCA) has improved significantly, problems with the surgical management continue and the long-term consequences for growth and continence are poorly documented. The aim of this study was to review the experience in the management of 48 patients over a 17-year period (1980 to 1996). Methods: The medical records of all patients were analyzed with particular emphasis on the number and type of surgical procedures, the attainment of anorectal continence, number of stools per day, and physical development. Results: There were 30 boys and 18 girls. Three (6%) patients died: one of sepsis, one of associated major congenital cardiac anomaly, and one of Moebius syndrome and brain stem dysfunction. Forty-one patients (85%) went on to undergo a pull-through procedure: 38 Duhamel with 13 having Martin modification and three with Soave procedure. inappropriate surgery (47 procedures) were carried out in 19 (40%) patients before the definitive diagnosis; only four of these infants were admitted primarily to our unit. Thirteen patients had a stoma in aganglionic intestine. An ileostomy was closed in six infants before the diagnosis was established, and six had a previous 'negative' laparotomy. Long-term follow-up was possible in 27 patients, of whom 19 (70%) required a total of 39 additional procedures. Ten patients underwent a total of 16 anal dilatations and six underwent sphincterotomy. A permanent stoma was necessary in six patients (two with Down's Syndrome). Two patients with Martin modification required resection of the side-to-side anastomosis for intractable diarrhea. The number of the stools per day decreased yearly. Fecal incontinence was common at the 5-year follow up (82%). However, at 10 and 15 years, the rate of incontinence decreased to 57% and 33%, respectively. The proportion of patients below the second percentile for body weight were 25% at 5 years; 20% at 10 years, and 63% at 15 years of age. The equivalent Statistics for body height were 15%, 0%, and 23%, respectively. Conclusions: Patients with TCA tend to undergo multiple procedures. Anorectal function improves gradually overtime. There are no advantages of the Martin modification. In the long-term follow-up over half of the patients are below the second percentile for weight and one quarter are below the second percentile for height. Careful long-term follow- up is necessary for the patients with TCA.
Primary intracranial squamous cell carcinoma; A 50-year-old female presented with primary intracranial squamous call carcinoma (SCC) at the right cerebellopontine angle manifesting as right facial nerve paresis. She had undergone gross total removal of a right cerebellopontine angle epidermoid cyst 10 years before and had done well until recently. Magnetic resonance imaging showed a heterogeneous tumor with markedly enhanced irregular margin. Subtotal removal of the tumor was achieved. Histological examination showed moderately differentiated SCC. After surgery, she underwent chemotherapy and gamma radiosurgery. She is now well 5 years after the diagnosis of SCC.
Facial palsy after glomus jugulare tumour embolization; Facial palsy after pre-operative embolization of glomus tumours is a rare complication. In our case, complete facial palsy occurred within four hours after embolization with polyvinyl alcohol foam. Three days later, embolization material was found in the perineural vessels of the facial nerve in its mastoidal segment. Six months after complete tumour removal, facial decompression with perineural incision, and steroid therapy, facial function recovered completely. In cases of embolization of both stylomastoid and branches of the middle meningeal artery with resorbable material, temporary facial palsy can occur.
Association of misoprostol, Moebius syndrome and congenital central alveolar hypoventilation; We report a case showing the association of Moebius syndrome, the use of misoprostol during pregnancy and the development of central congenital alveolar hypoventilation. Pathophysiological aspects of these three diseases are discussed and also the unfavorable prognosis of this association.
Delayed facial palsy after tympanomastoid surgery; Objectives: The purpose of this report is to provide data on the incidence of delayed facial palsy (DFP) after tympanomastoid surgery, compare incidence among various otologic and neurotologic procedures, and discuss the possible etiology. Study Design: The study design was a retrospective case review. Setting: The study was conducted at a tertiary referral center. Patients: The records of 486 patients with normal facial function before tympanomastoid surgery were reviewed. Intervention: Patients underwent tympanomastoid surgery. Outcome Measures: Delayed facial palsy was defined as facial palsy occurring more than 72 hours after surgery. Results: Seven of 486 (1.4%) patients had DFP after tympanomastoid surgery. In two patients, the DFP was caused by a postoperative wound infection. Facial palsy in the other five patients likely was caused by viral reactivation. Conclusions: Published data for otologic surgery suggest a rising incidence of DFP with increased manipulation of the sensory branches of the facial nerve. Viral reactivation is postulated to be an important contributing mechanism in the development of DFP. A number of viruses could potentially cause this phenomenon, but observations in this study implicate the varicella zoster virus. Patients with a history of viral reactivation may be at greater risk for development of this complication.
Biphasic course of Miller-Fisher syndrome related to treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin. Case report; This study report a case of a patient with severe Miller-Fisher syndrome (tetraparetic and cranial nerves disturbances), that was treated with intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) at the dose of 0.35 g/kg/day. There was neurologic improvement, followed by clinical deterioration one week later. A second course of IVIg was given with definitive improvement. The authors review the literature. Conclusions are that IVIg has similar results than plasma exchange and that is important a closely observation during the first weeks after IVIg treatment.
Diagnostic and therapy of lyme disease in childhood recommendation of german society of paediatric infectiology; Lyme borreliosis is the most frequent tickborn disease of man in the Northern hemisphere. A variety of systems may be involved. The most frequent manifestations in childhood include erythema migrans, meningitis, cranial nerve palsy and arthritis. Erythema migrans usually is easily recognised and determination of antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi should not be performed. Childhood neuroborreliosis is characterised mostly by aseptic meningitis with or without cranial nerve palsy, in most cases facial palsy. Basic CSF findings often show a combined evidence of lymphocytic pleocytosis, IgM- class dominance in intrathecal humoral immun response, and blood-CSF barrier dysfunction. Calculation of the Borrelia burgdorferi specific antibody index (according to Reiber) proved to be the most sensitive method for detecting intrathecal synthesis of specific antibodies. Lyme arthritis presents initially as episodic oligoarthritis, mostly involving the knee joint, and may turn into chronic monoarthritis of the knee; usually high titers of IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi are found. The rarer manifestations encephalomyelitis, chronic arthritis, carditis and inflammatory eye disease may be difficult to diagnosis due to clinical ambiguity and problems in the interpretation of serological results. Antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi found by sensitive Elisa must always be confirmed by immunoblot analysis, but sometimes immunoblot analysis is more sensitive than Elisa. Treatment is by antibiotics, amoxicillin or doxyciclin for erythema migrans, and i.v. third generation cephalosporins for all other manifestations. Even after successful antibiotic therapy, antibodies may persist for months and years and no further antibiotic treatment is necessary in the absence of attributable clinical manifestations. The differentiation between a persisting immune response and a persisting infection therefore has to be based upon the clinical symptoms, non-specific laboratory data and the development of the antibody titers.
Insulin-like growth factor I improves renal function in patients with end-stage chronic renal failure; There is no pharmacological treatment to increase the glomerular filtration rate in end-stage renal disease (ESRD). The administration of 100 μg/kg of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) I twice a day to patients with ESRD increases inulin clearance. However, its effect is short-lived and IGF- I has major side effects when given this way. To assess whether the use of a lower intermittent dose of IGF-I would effect sustained improved function with tolerable side effects we performed 1) a prospective open-labeled 24- day trial in which we enrolled five patients and 2) a 31-day randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial in which we enrolled 10 patients. Patients with ESRD [creatinine clearance of <15 ml · min-1 · (1.73 m2)-1] and scheduled to initiate renal replacement therapy received subcutaneous IGF-I, 50 μg · kg-1 · day-1, or vehicle. Treatment with IGF I resulted in significantly increased glomerular filtration rates (inulin clearances) during the 3rd and 4th wk of therapy in both prospective and double-blinded studies. Vehicle had no effect. No patient required discontinuation of drug secondary to side effects. We conclude that IGF-I effects sustained improvement of renal function (clearances comparable to those generally achieved by dialysis) in patients with ESRD and is well tolerated.
Clinical and electrophysiological investigation of facial nerve function after hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis; Background: The functional and cosmetic results after hypoglossal- facial nerve anastomosis (HFA) have primarily been described using a subjective grading system of good, fair, or poor. To obtain more objective results, the postoperative mimic function was investigated using a combination of clinical and electrophysiological methods. Methods: A total of 29 patients with hypoglossal-facial anastomosis were evaluated using a standardized questionnaire and the Stennert's paralysis index as clinical scoring system and electroneurography (NMG/ENoG) and electromyography (EMG) as electrophysiological assessments. Results: Twenty-six of 29 patients (89 %) judged their own facial function as very good or good, and three as poor. Under resting tone conditions, no patient showed a difference between palpebral fissures (> 3 mm), an ectropium, a substantial loss of nasolabial fold, or a drop of angulus oris (> 3 mm). With attempted movement, the lid closure was complete in 76% of patients, and the cornea was lid-covered in 100%. Sixty-seven percent of the patients were able to whistle. The second upper incisor was visible (full width) in 19%. No patient could frown sufficiently or expose the upper and lower canine teeth. The mean Stennert's score decreased from 9 to 4 after surgery. The relative amplitudes of the NMGs were increased in patients with low clinical indices. Patients with a complete eye closure showed a higher density of EMG patterns in their orbicularis oculi muscles. No significant differences for clinical or electrophysiological parameters could be observed based on age, sex, or time point of operation. Conclusion: Combining the Stennert's paralysis index with NMG and EMG allows a more objective assessment of functional and cosmetic results after HFA.
The use of low-dose histamine therapy in otolaryngology; Low-dose histamine therapy has been prescribed by otolaryngologists primarily to treat Bell's palsy, vestibular disorders, vascular headache, Miniere's attacks, and urticaria vasculitis. The scientific explanations for the usefulness of this once-empiric treatment are becoming more apparent. Two methods of establishing the appropriate dosages have emerged: the empiric, optimum-dosage approach and the objective, endpoint-titration approach. In this article, the author describes and recommends the latter approach. The author also reports on a 100-patient retrospective clinical study that revealed that the objective, endpoint-titration approach was effective in treating 80% of patients. In light of such success and the ease and economy of this treatment, low-dose histamine therapy appears to be a valuable clinical tool.
Facial palsy in Heerfordt's syndrome: Electrophysiological localization of the lesion; Heerfordt's syndrome is characterized by fever, uveitis, swelling of the parotid gland, and facial nerve palsy and represents a variety of neurosarcoidosis. Since the first description of the syndrome, discussion about the lesion site has been controversial and has included the assumption of direct nerve compression by parotid gland swelling or a lesion within the facial canal in light of observations of accompanying taste disturbance. We report on a 26-year-old man with typical Heerfordt's syndrome who developed bilateral facial nerve palsy. Electrical and magnetic stimulation of the whole facial motor path provided strong evidence for a pathological process that: (i) began in the cerebellopontine angle; (ii) spread distally into the facial canal; and (iii) could be characterized by proximal demyelination. The patient recovered completely within 6 weeks under immunosuppressive therapy with steroids.
Bell's palsy: An update on causes, recognition, therapy; Idiopathic facial paralysis is believed to be caused by a virally mediated cranial neuritis. Minimum diagnostic criteria include paralysis or paresis of all muscle groups on one side of the face, sudden onset, and absence of CNS disease; the diagnosis is made after other causes of acute peripheral palsy have been excluded. Variable manifestations include otalgia, hyperacusis, decreased tearing, dysgeusia, facial or retroauricular pain, and other cranial neuropathies. Audiometric examination (but usually not CT or MRI) is indicated for all patients. Corticosteroid and acyclovir therapy are given routinely; most patients recover completely with or without treatment.
Botulinum toxin a therapy in sialorrhoea; In patients with bulbar paralysis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, M. Parkinson, infantile brain damage, and complete facial denervation, severe sialorrhoea and drooling, where oral medical treatment fails, botulinum toxin A injection of the parotid glands cah provide an alternative. Preliminary results of eight patients are reported. Patients with complete facial denervation need contralateral injections because of the atrophy of the homolateral parotid gland.
Surgical complications of cochlear implantation: A report of three cases and their clinical features; The most common complications of cochlear implantation are flap necrosis, compressed or improperly placed electrodes, and facial nerve injury, paresis, or stimulation. We report on three recent complications experienced at our institution: 1) a flap ischemia and partial-thickness necrosis without infection or device exposure, 2) facial nerve stimulation, which was managed with a new programming technique, and 3) a postimplant cholesteatoma in a patient with chronic eustachian tube dysfunction that required reoperation and explantation. We discuss the pathophysioIogy, likely etiology, and recommendations for management of these complications.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Case report; The Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome (MRS) is the simultaneous appearance of a furrowed tongue, a soft tissue hypertrophy of the face or lips, a peripheral facial nerve palsy. The etiopathology remains unknown. The histology gives a major help for the diagnosis, either by eliminating all other causes of 'thick lips' or by showing either non specific inflammatory granulomas or tuberculoid type granulomas. Treatments based on medication don't seem to be efficient. Intralesional injections of steroids show variable results. The plastic surgery can only be applied to the lesions of the lips and is only efficient for a longer time if it is preceded and followed by a systemic corticotherapy. Before appealing to the plastic surgeon, it seems wise to try cyclines, non steroid antiinflammatory drugs, clofazimine ... and to wait. In some case a wait and see policy is a good alternative. The lesions may resolve spontaneously. What follows is a synopsis of what has already been written on the subject, beginning with the observation of an 18 years old patient who consulted for 'thick lips' and presented a Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome.
Hemifacial spasm: Clinical findings and treatment; Hemifacial spasm (HFS) is a peripherally induced movement disorder characterized by involuntary, unilateral, intermittent, irregular, tonic or clonic contractions of muscles innervated by the ipsilateral facial nerve. We reviewed the clinical features and response to different treatments in 158 patients (61% women) with HFS evaluated at our Movement Disorders Clinic. The mean age at onset was 48.5 ± 14.1 years (range: 15-87) and the mean duration of symptoms was 11.4 ± 8.5 (range: 0.5-53) years. The left side was affected in 56% instances; 5 patients had bilateral HFS. The lower lid was the most common site of the initial involvement followed by cheek and perioral region. Involuntary eye closure which interfered with vision and social embarrassment were the most common complaints. HFS was associated with trigeminal neuralgia in 5.1% of the cases and 5.7% had prior history of Bell's palsy. Although vascular abnormalities, facial nerve injury, and intracranial tumor were responsible for symptoms in some patients, most patients had no apparent etiology. Botulinum toxin type A (BTX-A) injections, used in 110 patients, provided marked to moderate improvement in 95% of patients. Seven of the 25 (28%) patients who had microvascular decompression reported permanent complications and the HFS recurred in 5 (20%). Although occasionally troublesome, HFS is generally a benign disorder that can be treated effectively with either BTX-A or microvascular decompression.
>Late< paresis of the facial nerve caused by traumatic brain injury; We report on a patient who developed a severe peripheral facial paresis 16 days after a closed traumatic brain injury including longitudinal fracture of the petrous bone. Symptoms regressed partially within two weeks without neurosurgical treatment. As other causes of peripheral facial paresis could be excluded, local edema or disturbances of arterious or venous circulation were supposed to be the pathogenetical causes of paresis. Our case report confirms the assumption of a favourable prognosis of >>late<< peripheral facial paresis treated conservatively.
Pathogenesis of neuroborreliosis - Lessons from a monkey model; The diagnosis of human LNB can be difficult, because its major clinical manifestations - meningitis, facial plasty, radiculitis, and neuritis - are non-specific and the characteristic skin lesion is usually absent at the time of neurological involvement. Thus, CSF assays are often used in diagnosis. Culture of CSF is rarely performed because it has a low yield and requires special culture medium. PCR of the CSF identified spirochetal DNA in clinical specimens with greater sensitivity, but it suffers from a number of disadvantages. Measurement of specific antibody in the CSF also has its limitations. The role of available assays for LNB has not been studied carefully in a comparative investigation. The recent development of the humane primate (NHP) model of LNB allowes us to address this need in a faithful model of human LNB. We compared PCR and culture in their ability to detect spirochetal presence in the CSF and brain tissue of infected NHPs, and related these measures of infection to the development of anti-B. burgdorferi antibody. We also tested a bioassay, the mouse infectivity test (MIT), in this model. Using these four assays (PCR, culture, MIT, and CSF Ab) at least one assay for spirochetal presence in CSFs from NHPs was positive in 87% of CSFs tested during early infection in the CNS. Detection of spirochetal presence of PCR, MIT, and culture in the CSF was inversely related to the concomitant presence of anti-B. burgdorferi antibody intrathecally. The performance of any particular test was associated with the strength of the host immune response. In early CNS infection, when anti-B. burgdorferi antibody had not yet appeared, or in immunocompromised hosts, the MIT compared favorably to culture and PCR in infected NHPs; antibody in the CSF was the most useful assay in immunocompetent NHPs. This is the first study demonstrating that a bioassay using inoculation of mice, the mouse infectivity test (MIT), has potential as a useful adjunct in the diagnosis of LNB. The MIT for LNB was modeled after the rabbit infectivity test or RIT, which is considered the 'gold standard' for the diagnosis of the related CNS infection, neurosyphilis, and felt to be very sensitive and specific. The presence of specific anti-B. burgdorferi antibody in the CSF is the most widely used assay for Lyme neuroborreliosis. In the immunocompetent NHPs in our study it was a very successful assay for detection of CNS invasion. However, it is frequently false-negative, especially early in the course of the infection, or if there is transient immunosuppression. Transient suppression of the anti-B. burgdorferi immune response in the human could occur in instances of co-infection, i.e. simultaneous transmission via the tick of another pathogen other than B. burgdorferi. Thus, mild immunosuppression as accomplished in our NHPs with corticosteroids was designed to mimic conditions in the human host which allow B. burgdorferi in the natural state to gain a firm foothold in the central nervous system in the 10-15% of B. burgdorferi-infected patients who develop clinically symptomatic nervous system disease. This study is the first to compare utility of available diagnostic techniques in LNB in which necropsy proved presence of infection in the CNS. None of the assays was ideal for all conditions, and the utility of the assay was associated with the host immune status. The differences in the responses of immunocompromised and immunocompetent NHPs in this study were striking. In immunocompetent NHPs the window of opportunity for CNS invasion prior to the development of CSF antibody was brief, and the chance of detection of spirochete low by any of the three techniques used (i.e. culture, PCR, or MIT); in this group, measurement of CSF antibody was generally diagnostic. In immunocompromised NHPs, intrathecal antibody production was delayed, and this helpful diagnostic assay was false-negative; diagnosis required more labor-intensive assays such as PCR, culture, and MIT during weeks 3.5 to 9.5 after infection. It is likely that had the experiment been allowed to proceed longer in the immunosuppressed NHPs, antibody would have eventually been produced intrathecally. The clinical relevance of the data on comparison of diagnostic assays is clear. The appearance of anti-B. burgdorferi antibody in the CSF may be delayed especially when there is interference with the anti-B. burgdorferi immune response. In these circumstances, or for a short time early in CNS invasion in immunocompetent individuals, the measurement of anti-B. burgdorferi antibody in the CSF may be negative; under these circumstances the likelihood of detecting spirochete by PCR, culture, or MIT is at its highest. Conversely, detecting spirochetal presence by culture, PCR, or MIT will be least likely to be successful when anti-B. burgdorferi antibody is present.
Treatment of herpes zoster by oral acyclovir administration; The author evaluated the therapeutic effect of oral and intravenous administration of acyclovir - Herpesin - LACHEMA based on comparison of the mean time interval between the onset of manifestation and drying up of the herpetic skin eruption in a group of 145 patients treated in 1996-1997 at the Clinic for infectious Diseases of the Brno Faculty Hospital. The group comprised 49 men and 96 women, age 16-92 years. Herpes was most frequently located in the intercostal region (43.3%), followed by HZ ophthalmicus (22.1%). Complications which included most frequently skin dissemination's were recorded in 36.5% of the patients. Complications were encountered most frequently in HZ oticus (63.6%), least frequently in HZ intercostalis (30.2%). There were relatively fewer patients where the period of hospitalisation and persistence of local pain persisted for more than three weeks among those treated by the tablet form of Herpesin. This fact must not be overestimated as Herpesin injections were used more frequently in patients with a more severe course of the disease. Despite this the therapeutic results of both forms of Herpesin administration can be considered comparable. Early administration of Herpesin proved to be a very important factor which had an impact on the therapeutic effect, similarly as the size of the daily dose administered by the oral route. On older, less heavy immunocompetent subjects with a mild to medium severe course of HZ the author considers five-day administration of Herpesin tablets - 5x 400 to 5x 600 mg - as the optimal procedure.
Acute otitis media etiopathogeny and treatment; The article essentially describes the etiopathogenic factors and the adopted therapeutic proceeding. Only the clinical elements, useful for the choice of the treatment, will be discussed.
Bilateral Bell's palsy in a pregnant woman.; Bell's palsy is a peripheral facial palsy of unknown etiology. During pregnancy, there is an increased incidence of idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy). Nevertheless, bilateral facial paralysis in pregnant woman is a rare phenomenon with only a few case reports in medical literature. We report on a patient with bilateral facial paralysis in pregnancy, with a review of the literature and possible etiologic factors. The patient was treated conservatively and the left facial palsy resolved completely, whereas on the right side there was a residual lesion of facial function. The etiology, treatment and prognosis of Bell's palsy in pregnancy remain controversial.
Transient ocular complications following an inferior alveolar nerve block: Report of a case; Temporary complications following an inferior alveolar nerve block are reported. A 31-year-old female patient consulted our hospital with pain in lower right third molar. Her medical history was arrhythmia (paroxymal tachycardia). Drug therapy had been used and her preoperative ECG was within the normal range. A right inferior alveolar nerve block was performed by using 2% lidocaine with no epinephrine. Within 5 minutes, the patient complained of not being able to close her right eye and pain. Protection against drying may be accomplished by simply closing the eye and covering the eye with wet gauze. Fifteen minutes after injection, the patient became able to close her eye, and the blink reflex appeared to be normal. The symptoms observed in this case seemed to be caused by the direct action of the local anesthetic on the facial nerve. The relationship between the parotid gland and the facial nerve (Fig. 1) may play an important role in understanding the cause of this facial paralysis. The cause of facial nerve within the substance of the parotid grand is interest. In the parotid grand, the facial nerve trunk divides into two divisions. Upper division of facial nerve are R temporalis and R zygomaticus. Lower division are R buccalis and R marginalis mandibulae and R colli. If the needle inject too deeply, penetrate the parotid grand. Once in the parotid grand, the anesthetic may diffuse readily and come in contact with the upper division of facial nerve and result in the symptoms. When such cases do occur, the patient should be reassured, comforted, and made to understand that the symptoms will generally disappear in an hour or less. It is important to protect the conjunctiva from drying.
The illness known as "twisted mouth" among the Nêhinaw (Cree).; This paper is based on interviews with two individuals who talked about their experiences with a condition known as "twisted mouth." While the biomedical label of Bell's palsy is often applied to such cases, the appropriateness of this label is not explored here. Rather, the focus is on how Nêhinaw (Cree) cultural understandings frame the experience of and response to illness, even when biomedical practitioners were consulted. The interviews were carried out by the first author using the Nêhinaw language as much as possible. Subtle linguistic clues within the interviews point to the pervasiveness of Nêhinaw cultural understandings.
Intratemporal complications of acute otitis media in infants and children; We reviewed our experience with 100 children admitted to Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh between 1980 and 1995 with an intratemporal complication of acute otitis media. Seventy-two patients were treated for acute mastoiditis. Of these 72 children, 54 (75.0%) were treated conservatively with broad-spectrum intravenous antibiotics and myringotomy. Eighteen (25.0%) required mastoidectomy for treatment of a subperiosteal or Bezold's abscess or cholesteatoma, or because of poor response to conservative therapy. Twenty-two children presented with facial paralysis, complete in 5 (22.7%) and incomplete in 17 (77.3%). Eighteen (81.8%) were treated conservatively, but four required mastoid surgery. Nineteen patients had adequate follow-up; of these, 15 recovered normal facial function but 4 were left with partial paralysis. Three patients presented with serous labyrinthitis and recovered completely with conservative therapy. Of the two patients who presented with suppurative labyrinthitis, one was treated conservatively, but the other required tympanomastoidectomy with cochleotomy; both patients had permanent, profound sensorineural hearing loss in the affected ear. Four patients presented with acute petrositis, and in all four it resolved with mastoidectomy. In the antibiotic era, intratemporal complications of acute otitis media still occur in otherwise healthy children, often after inadequate treatment of acute otitis media.
Facial nerve monitoring in parotid surgery: The standard of care?; Recent reports have suggested that the incidence of permanent facial nerve paralysis or paresis after surgery for benign parotid tumors is between 3% and 5%. The intraoperative use of nerve-integrity monitors has been advocated to reduce the incidence of facial nerve paralysis. The purpose of this study was to compare postoperative facial nerve function after monitored and unmonitored parotid surgical procedures. The charts of 69 consecutive patients with parotid lesions who underwent surgery from 1987 to 1996 were retrospectively surveyed. Sixteen high-risk patients were excluded from the study. The study group consisted of 53 patients (33 unmonitored and 20 monitored) who underwent lateral parotidectomy for mobile tumors of the superficial lobe of the parotid gland. No patient demonstrated permanent facial paralysis. In 9 patients (17%), transient nerve paralysis developed: 5 (15%) of the 33 patients who underwent lateral parotidectomy without the use of a nerve-integrity monitor and 4 (20%) of the 20 patients who underwent lateral parotidectomy with the use of a nerve-integrity monitor. Nerve- integrity monitoring is optional for mobile parotid tumors of the superficial lobe.
Vestibular schwannoma management. Part II. Failed radiosurgery and the role of delayed microsurgery; Object. The indications, operative findings, and outcomes of vestibular schwannoma microsurgery are controversial when it is performed after stereotactic radiosurgery. To address these issues, the authors reviewed the experience at two academic medical centers. Methods. During a 10-year interval, 452 patients with unilateral vestibular schwannomas underwent gamma knife radiosurgery. Thirteen patients (2.9%) underwent delayed microsurgery at a median of 27 months (range 7-72 months) after they had undergone radiosurgery. Six of the 13 patients had undergone one or more microsurgical procedures before they underwent radiosurgery. The indications for surgery were tumor enlargement with stable symptoms in five patients, tumor enlargement with new or increased symptoms in five patients, and increased symptoms without evidence of tumor growth in three patients. Gross-total resection was achieved in seven patients and near-gross-total resection in four patients. The surgery was described as more difficult than that typically performed for schwannoma in eight patients, no different in four patients, and easier in one patient. At the last follow-up evaluation, three patients had normal or near-normal facial function, three patients had moderate facial dysfunction, and seven had facial palsies. Three patients were incapable of caring for themselves, and one patient died of progression of a malignant triton tumor. Conclusions. Failed radiosurgery in cases of vestibular schwannoma was rare. No clear relationship was demonstrated between the use of radiosurgery and the subsequent ease or difficulty of delayed microsurgery. Because some patients have temporary enlargement of their tumor after radiosurgery, the need for surgical resection after radiosurgery should be reviewed with the neurosurgeon who performed the radiosurgery and should be delayed until sustained tumor growth is confirmed. A subtotal tumor resection should be considered for patients who require surgical resection of their tumor after vestibular schwannoma radiosurgery.
Congenital aural atresia: Stability of surgical results; Objectives/Hypothesis: To compare early (<1 y) and longer-term (1.0-7.5 y; mean follow-up, 2.8 y) hearing results following surgery for congenital aural atresia and to analyze revision cases for cause of failure, time of occurrence, and outcome. Study Design: Retro-spective study of 55 consecutive patients (59 ears) undergoing surgery during an 11-year period for congenital aural atresia. Methods: The best speech reception threshold (SRT) during the first postoperative year was compared with the most recent SRT beyond the first postoperative year. The complication rate and long-term hearing results (>1 y) for initial and revision surgeries were compared. Results: In the early postoperative period, an SRT of ≤25 dB was achieved in 60% and an SRT of ≤30 dB in 70%. With longer follow-up (mean, 2.8 y), 46% of patients maintained an SRT ≤25 dB. Revision surgery was necessary in approximately one third of patients. Longer-term hearing results following initial surgery only or after revision surgery showed an SRT ≤25 dB in 53% and an SRT ≤30 dB in 64%. For primary and revisions surgeries the incidence of temporary facial paralysis was 1.5% and for significant hearing loss, 3.0%. Conclusions: Some degradation in hearing does occur as patients are followed beyond the first postoperative year. Revision surgery will be necessary in approximately one third of cases. With revisions, an SRT ≤25 dB can be expected in half of cases and an SRT ≤30 dB in two thirds of cases. The ability to provide these hearing results supports this surgery in unilateral cases.
Gamma knife radiosurgery for trigeminal neuralgia: Results and expectations; Background: Trigeminal neuralgia is a disabling pain syndrome responsive to both medical and surgical therapies. Stereotactic radiosurgery using the gamma knife can be used to inactivate a specified volume in the brain by cross firing 201 photon beams. We evaluated pain relief and treatment morbidity after trigeminal neuralgia radiosurgery. Methods: All evaluable patients (n = 106) had medically or surgically refractory trigeminal neuralgia. A single 4-mm isocenter of radiation was focused on the proximal trigeminal nerve just anterior to the pons. For follow-up an independent physician who was unaware of treatment parameters contacted all patients. Results: After radiosurgery, 64 patients (60%) became free of pain and required no medical therapy (excellent result), 18 (17%) had a 50% to 90% reduction (good result) in pain severity or frequency (some still used medications), and 9 (9%) had slight improvement. At last follow-up (median, 18 months; range, 6-48 months), 77% of patients maintained significant relief (good plus excellent results). Only 6 (10%) of 64 patients who initially attained complete relief had some recurrent pain. Radiosurgery dose (70-90 Gy), age, surgical history, or facial sensory loss did not correlate with pain relief. Poorer results were found in patients with multiple sclerosis. Twelve patients developed new or increased facial paresthesias after radiosurgery (10%). No patient developed anesthesia dolorosa. There was no other procedural morbidity. Conclusions: Gamma knife radiosurgery is a minimally invasive technique to treat trigeminal neuralgia. It is associated with a low risk of facial paresthesias, an approximate 80% rate of significant pain relief, and a low recurrence rate in patients who initially attain complete relief. Longer-term evaluations are warranted.
The effects of high-dose steroid therapy on sudden deafness; The effect of high-dose steroid therapy on sudden deafness were investigated in 19 cases. A daily intravenous administration dose of hydrocortisone sodium succinate was tapered from 800mg to 200mg as follows; 800mg, 800mg, 600mg, 600mg, 400mg, 400mg, 300mg, and 200mg. Another 19 cases, the control group, were treated with intravenous application of prednisolone, tapered from 50mg to 10mg in 10-mg steps and each dose applied for 3 days. There were no significant differences in the effect on hearing between the two groups as measured by three different analyses: criteria proposed by the Committee on Sudden Deafness of the Japan Health Ministry; magnitudes of improvement of mean thresholds at five frequencies from 250Hz to 4kHz in affected side; and the ratio of the magnitudes of improvement of mean thresholds in affected side to magnitudes of difference between the initial mean thresholds in affected side and those in contralateral side. These findings suggest that high-dose steroid therapy for sudden deafness is not so effective as it is for idiopathic facial palsy. This may be due to the difference in the mechanisms of development between the two conditions. No critical side effects were observed in our study, which would argue for the safety of our method of high-dose steroid therapy for routine clinical use. It might be advisable to conduct additional clinical studies to determine the effect of high-dose steroid therapy for sudden deafness, because our study was conducted on a small number of patients and was not double-blind or randomized.
Unilateral trigeminal and facial nerve palsies associated with epidural analgesia in labour; Purpose: To report a rare complication related to epidural analgesia for obstetrics: the association of unilateral trigeminal and facial nerve palsies in a patient with the clinical syndrome of intracranial hypotension. Clinical features: A 38-yr-old woman was admitted in pre-term labour (at 35 wk gestation). She was receiving 40 mg methadone po daily for opioid addiction. Epidural analgesia for labour was established with 9 ml bupivacaine 0.25%. The patient underwent normal vaginal delivery of a 2500 g female infant. She developed post-dural puncture headache (PDPH) on the third postpartum day which was managed by palliative measures: bed rest (patient's position of choice), increased hydration (water: 3 litres po per day), lysine acetyl salicylate (5.4 g po per day) and caffeine (600 mg po per day). She developed paraesthesiae and numbness of the right side of the face one day after the onset of PDPH and unilateral facial nerve palsy two days later. There was no evidence of dural puncture and no cause was found. Treatment of the nerve palsies with epidural blood patch or epidural dextran 40 was not considered to be indicated. Headache disappeared on the 10th postpartum day and trigeminal palsy regressed. At the time of discharge, on the 17th postpartum day, neurological examination showed minimal facial assimetry. The patient refused further exploration and follow-up. Conclusion: Post delivery trigeminal and facial nerve palsy in a 38 yr old woman recovered spontaneously with conservative therapy.
Mycotic keratitis caused by Bipolaris species - Report of two cases; Nonocular Bipolaris infection usually occurs in immunocompromised patients. Corneal infections with Bipolaris have rarely been reported. A review of the literature shows that corneal infections caused by Bipolaris species occurred mainly in immunocompetent hosts. Here, we report two cases of Bipolaris keratitis refractory to medical treatment. Case 1, a 64-year-old man, had liver cirrhosis and hepatoma associated with systemic immunocompromization. The keratitis presented with an elevated plaque in the peripheral cornea. The lesion responded poorly to antifungal agents. Initially, after vigorous debridement of the plaque, there was some clinical improvement. However, the patient also had a superimposed pseudomonal infection. He was treated with antifungal and antibacterial medication, and the lesion responded successfully with the sequela of corneal leukoma. Case 2, a 41-year-old female, had facial palsy with lagophthalmos. A central corneal ulcer with necrotizing pattern and hypopyon was noted. Despite intensive treatment with antifungal agents for 2 weeks, there was no evidence of improvement. A therapeutic penetrating keratoplasty was done due to uncontrollable infection. Following these treatment modalities, she preserved ocular integrity and had useful vision.
Early experience of stereotactic irradiation for acoustic tumors; We have treated ten patients with acoustic tumors by stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS). Out of ten patients, three had tumor regrowth 10 to 27 months after treatment. We suspect that relatively high regrowth rate comes from high incidence of post-operative residual tumors among the irradiated cases. We need to make efforts to decrease regrowth and side effects like facial nerve palsy. From 1997, we started stereotactic radiotherapy (SRT) that is expected to have advantage in radiation biology and no significant side effects have been experienced so far.
Permanent wear lenses for persons operated on for acoustic neuroma; Acoustic neuroma is a relatively rare complaint. The ocular complications arise in cases of injury to a facial nerve or to the intermediary Wrisberg nerve. The result is problems of ocular dryness and corneal complications with damage to the epithelium and endothelium. In cases of both permanent and temporary facial paralysis, the permanent wearing of soft lenses is a very poor indication. In these cases, a permanent hard lens with a high Dk level should be used as a therapeutic lens. Even in the absence of facial paralysis, in a significant number of cases where there has been injury to the intermediary Wrisberg nerve, a dry eye and corneal fragility demande great caution on the part of the patient may be observed.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare entity and is, in its complete presentation, characterized by the association of recurrent orofacial swelling, peripheral facial palsy and plicated tongue. Clinical diagnosis of incomplete forms, frequently described, is based on major and minor features, currently accepted by numerous clinicians. For most investigators, Miescher's granulomatous macrocheilitis is a monosymptomatic form of the affection. Histopathological findings reveal non-caseating epithelioid cell granulomas, with sometimes perivascular pathognomonic arrangement, which typically shows an obliterant epithelioid lymphangitis. The etiology of the disorder is unknown; a possible association with Crohn's disease has been proposed. Local or general corticosteroids therapy is usually proposed possibly with a cheiloplastic procedure.
Analysis of speech disorders in acute pseudobulbar palsy: A longitudinal study of a patient with lingual paralysis; The ability of acoustic analysis to detect slight acoustic differences confirms the usefulness of this method in evaluating the extent of impairment, as well as its value in prognosis. Speech therapy should reinforce the slight contrast detected by the spectrum analysis. The case of a pseudobulbar palsy patient merits description and attention for two main reasons: the paralysis is limited to the lingual function and recovery is complete. Such pseudo-opercular syndromes without any other motor deficits have better prognosis than usual pontine infarcts.
Labirinth diseases; Principal clinical aspects of labirinth diseases are reported, with special atention to the clinic management of patients with dizziness, listing more common clinical entity, semmiological methods, complementary exams and ways of treatment.
Facial reanimation after temporal bone fracture; Fracture of the temporal bone is usually associated with skull injury and the patient is initially seen in the emergency room. As a result the diagnosis of facial paralysis may be delayed. The aim of this study is to emphasize the importance of early diagnosis and treatment of facial paralysis in such cases. Between 1990 and 1996, sixteen patients with facial paralysis due to temporal bone fracture were operated on within one month of trauma. The surgical technique was selected on the basis of the location of fallopian canal involvement and the patients hearing status. Six patients had grade VI, 7 had grade V and 3 had grade IV facial weakness preoperatively. Twelve patients had serviceable hearing. 9 of them underwent facial decompression through the transmastoid approach and 3 were operated on via the middle fossa approach. Four patients with unserviceable hearing had the operation through the translabyrinthine route. Postoperatively, 15 out of sixteen patients gained normal facial function while one had grade III facial weakness. Severe grade and sudden onset facial paralysis after temporal bone fracture should be surgically corrected as early as possible. The site of involvement of the facial canal and patient's hearing status should be considered in deciding the type of surgery to be applied.
Gold weigths for the treatment of lagophthalmos caused by facial paralysis; Paralysis of the orbicularis oculi muscle in patients with facial palsy can originate serious functional and esthetic problems. The implantation of a gold weight in the upper eyelid is one of the many surgical techniques that have been described for the correction of lagophthalmos in these patients. In this article we review the literature and present our experience with gold weight implantation for eyelid reanimation in patients with facial palsy. This procedure is technically simple to perform, produces good functional and cosmetic results, has a relatively low complication rate and is reversible should facial function return.
Bilateral peripheral facial paralysis and Guillain-Barre syndrome; The Guillain-Barre syndrome is a polyneuropathy of acute onset that initially tends to produce motor damage of the lower limbs, albumin- cytological dissociation in cerebrospinal fluid and electrophysiological findings suggestive of demyelination. This entity produces a wide variety of symptoms, including damage to the facial nerve in as many as half of all episodes, which means that this syndrome should be considered in the differential diagnosis of facial palsy, particularly bilateral and synchronous cases. In a review of six cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome in which bilateral facial palsy occurred at some point, a history of immediate infection was confirmed in five, mainly related to Herpesvirinae and Campylobacter. One case began with bilateral palsy, whereas palsy appeared almost simultaneously with the rest of the symptoms in the other cases. High protein levels without cells in cerebrospinal fluid and electrophysiological patterns of slow facial nerve conduction were confirmed in every patient. Treatment with intravenous immunoglobulins resolved all episodes in less than six months. We conclude by reiterating the need for awareness of this syndrome in every case of peripheral VIIth nerve palsy, especially bilateral cases, although the associated symptoms were not very useful, if at all useful.
An adult case of peripheral facial nerve palsy following acute cerebellitis associated with high antibody titers against varicella-zoster virus; Here we report a case of acute cerebellitis, in which the patient developed right peripheral facial palsy during the recovery phase of cerebellar ataxia. A 67-year-old man developed truncal and limb ataxia following a fever, general fatigue and anorexia. He was diagnosed to have acute cerebellitis. While the ataxia symptoms were improving without any treatment, right peripheral facial nerve palsy developed and an MRI revealed an enhancement of the right facial nerve proximal to the geniculate ganglion. After treatment with acyclovir and corticosteroids, his facial nerve palsy and ataxia both gradually improved. There has been no previous report of an adult case who developed peripheral facial nerve palsy during the recovery phase of acute cerebellitis. This case indicates that a wide spectrum of neurological complications may develop in association with a varicella- zoster virus infection.
Use of an immunotherapeutic vaccine to treat a life-threatening human arteritic infection caused by Pythium insidiosum; A 14-year-old Thai boy presented because of a history of headache, mandibular swelling, and facial nerve palsy. A microorganism identified as Pythium insidiosum was cultured from the mandibular abscesses. Despite treatment with amphotericin B, iodides, ketoconazole, and surgery, the infection progressed. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) of the neck revealed an aneurysm in the external carotid artery. The aneurysm was removed. MRA performed later showed stenosis of the internal carotid artery. Immunotherapy was recommended as a last resort. One hundred microliters of the P. insidiosum vaccine was subcutaneously injected into the patient's left shoulder, and 14 days later a similar dose was administered. Four weeks following the first vaccination, the patient's headache had disappeared, the facial swellings had dramatically diminished, the cervical lymph node had shrunk, and the proximal left internal carotid artery stenosis had significantly improved. One year after the vaccinations, the boy was considered clinically cured.
Pontocerebellar angle meningiomas: Considerations on 38 operated patients; A review of 38 patients operated for meningioma of the pontocerebellar angle on Neurosurgical Division of Varese Regional Hospital is carried out to elucidate the problems of this surgical approach. Meningiomas were divided into little (4 patients), medium (14 patients) and large (20 patients). Neurological symptoms and signs were related to wideness and to dural origin of the neoplasm. In all patients surgical approach was the suboccipital retromastoid route performed in sitting position with head moderately flexed. Surgical extirpation was demonstrated to be Simpson grade 1-2 in 30 patients and to be Simpson 3-4 in 8 patients. Three patients dead postoperatively. In the follow up 76.3% of patients had a good result. The surgical approach, the relationship between surgical extirpation and tumoral firmness and the pre- postoperative deficits of facial nerve are debated.
Idiopathic facial nerve palsy in children; The incidence of idiopathic facial palsy in children is 2.7 to 10.1 per 100,000. Sexes are equally represented. Mean age in children is 12 years. Family history is positive in 8% to 10% of patients. Spontaneous recovery is expected within 4 to 10 weeks in 95% to 96% of children. Five percent may be left with some permanent facial muscle weakness and synkinesis. A short course of prednisone (2 mg/kg per day) is recommended.
Short-term corticosteroid therapy in non malignant diseases; Introduction. - As short-term corticosteroid therapy is widely used in clinical practice, it is important to determine its precise indications and limits of use. Current knowledge and key points. - Duration of short-term corticosteroid therapy is arbitrarily considered to be up to 21 days. Antiinflammatory, antiproliferative or analgesic actions represent the main pharmacological features of steroids. They are related to the interactions of steroids with cytokines and immune cells. Results of randomized double-blind and uncontrolled clinical studies were included in this review. Furthermore, clearly demonstrated results that were obtained more particularly in neurology, otorhinolaryngology, pneumology, infectious diseases, rheumatologic and traumatic processes are summarized. Future prospects and projects. - Indications for short-term corticosteroid therapy are well established. However, further clinical studies are required, as current prescription of cortisteroid is still empirical in the management of most diseases.
Hypoglossal-facial anastomosis in complete unilateral facial palsy; Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis is a popular technique for the treatment of unilateral complete facial palsy when restoration of the continuity of the facial nerve by grafting or repair is not possible. Thirteen cases of complete facial palsy treated with hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis between 1984 and 1995 are reviewed. In 11 patients good facial symmetry at rest was restored. All patients achieved voluntary facial movements to varying degrees by learned changes in placement of the tongue. Hemi-atrophy of the tongue was eventually noted in all cases, being marked in 2. However, no patient described subjective difficulty with speech or swallowing. Twelve of the 13 patients expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the procedure.
Neurological complications of 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy: Case report and review of the literature; Neurological complications of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) chemotherapy are uncommon events. The two patients presented demonstrate two manifestations of 5-FU neurotoxicity, namely a cerebellar syndrome in association with global motor weakness and bulbar palsy, and a bilateral third cranial (oculomotor) nerve palsy. Both highlight the rapid onset and severity of these unusual side effects but also emphasize that, unlike paraneoplastic syndromes or central nervous system involvement by tumour, complete spontaneous recovery is a potential outcome.
Neck dissection in the treatment of cancer of major salivary glands; The treatment of the neck nodes in salivary gland tumors has changed considerably in the last two decades. The current thinking and the rationale for it are discussed in detail in this article.
Clinical evaluation in isolated hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism (Kallmann syndrome); Objective: To describe the clinical features, laboratory investigation and treatment of Kallmann syndrome. Design: A retrospective study of patients treated in the Endocrine Clinic of the Royal Children's Hospital and St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne, between 1984 and 1996. Results: Eleven males and 5 females with Kallmann syndrome are described. Their ages at presentation ranged from one week to 21 years. Presenting symptoms were micropenis, small testes, anosmia and delayed puberty. Fifty-six percent (9/16) had a family history of either anosmia or infertility. The features of Kallmann syndrome are variable. We have described unilateral renal aplasia, coloboma of iris, deafness, midline anomalies, oculomotor apraxia and Moebius anomalad as features that were associated with Kallmann syndrome in our group of subjects. One patient diagnosed as having X-linked Kallmann syndrome has previously been shown to have a specific mutation in an intronic sequence adjacent to exon 6. Most patients showed low serum levels of basal gonadotrophins, testosterone or oestrogen, and had a poor response to LHRH stimulation, but two patients showed a pubertal response to LHRH stimulation, and may have a variant form of Kallmann syndrome. Treatment given to these patients included exogenous testosterone or oestrogen for induction of puberty, with appropriate pubertal progress occurring in each patient. Conclusion: The manifestations of Kallmann syndrome vary, depending upon the degree of LHRH deficiency. Therapy should combine exogenous sex hormone replacement and psychological support, with long-term follow-up to ensure maintenance of normal sexual function, normal bone mass and psychosocial outcome, with fertility induction when indicated.
Masseteric nerve: A possible donor for facial nerve anastomosis?; In the medical treatment of facial nerve paralysis a large number of different techniques have been developed to restore the function of the facial nerve. These include (a) the ipsilateral nerve grafting (e.g., partial hypoglossal-facial, spinal accessory-facial, partial glossopharyngeal- facial), (b) crossfacial nerve grafting and (c) temporal muscle flaps or even free muscle transfers. None of these techniques uses the masseteric nerve as a graft for reconstruction of the facial nerve. This preliminary report deals with the anatomical basis, which could lead to a new technique. The masseteric nerve leaves the infratemporal fossa through the mandibular notch, accompanied by the masseteric artery. At this level the nerve consists in nine of 36 cases studied of only one branch (25.0%), in 17 cases of two branches (47.0%), in nine cases of three (25.0%), and in the remaining case of four branches (2.8%). There are three main reasons for considering the masseteric nerve as a possible donor for at least the orbicular branch of the facial nerve: (1) The approach to the mandibular notch is quite simple; (2) since the nerve consists of two or more branches in 75.0% of the cases, severe dysfunction of the masseter muscle should not occur; (3) if there is complete denervation of the masseter muscle, its function may be taken over by the temporalis muscle.
Miliary tuberculosis in children: A clinical review; Miliary tuberculosis infection in childhood remains a significant health problem in developing countries. To characterize the clinical features of the disease, symptoms, signs and laboratory findings, associated infections and outcomes of the 23 children (14 M, 9 F) with miliary tuberculosis admitted to the Dicle University Hospital, Diyarbakir, Turkey from 1990 to 1997 were analysed. Mean age of the patients was 3.7 y ranging between 6 months and 11 y. All but 3 patients were below 6 y of age, and 5 of the patients were under 1 y of age. All of the children had not received BCG vaccination except for 1 who was immunized after the age of 5 y. Only 6 children had a positive reaction to 5 TU tuberculin test at admission to hospital. Eight of the 23 subjects were infected in the family, and all were nonHIV infected cases. All of the children mere diagnosed clinically and by a miliary infiltrate visible on chest roentgenogram. Five cases had positive culture results for Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Duration of onset of symptoms prior to admission ranged between 15 d and 8 months with a mean of 58 d. The most frequently seen symptoms and clinical findings were fever in 17 cases, rales in 14, loss of appetite and weight in 10 and hepatosplenomegaly in 9 cases. Two cases had prior measles infection and 1 of the patients presented facial paralysis. Seven cases had also tuberculous meningitis. The outcome in general was good, with mortality in 2 cases.
Rapid recovery of a child with Guillain-Barré syndrome using intravenous immunoglobulins.; The purpose of this article is to acknowledge the success of using intravenous immunoglobulins in children with Guillain-Barré syndrome and to review the literature. A 17-year-old African-American young lady with Guillain-Barré syndrome of 11-days duration underwent intravenous immunoglobulin treatment. Within 6 days, the patient was ambulating and was showing significant signs of improvement. The use of intravenous immunoglobulins in children with Guillain-Barré syndrome has been reported in only a few instances.
Efficacy of early plasmapheresis in Bickerstaff's encephalitis.; Double filtration plasmapheresis (DFPP) was performed in a patient with Bickerstaff's brainstem encephalitis (BBE) in its early phase. He was a 27-year-old male patient suffering from diplopia, facial palsy and drowsiness following upper respiratory tract infection, and had high titers of immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies against ganglioside NeuAc(alpha)2-8NeuAc(alpha)2-3Gal(beta)1-3GalNAc(beta)1-4(NeuAc(al pha)2-8NeuAc(alpha)2-3)Gal(beta)1-4Glc(beta)1-1'Cer (GQ1b) in the serum. DFPP effected immediate improvement of his drowsiness, supporting the diagnosis of BBE. Our observations suggest that DFPP during the early phase of BBE efficiently prevents the progression of consciousness disturbances.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in a diabetic boy.; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) consists of recurrent edema of the lips, intermittent facial palsy and furrowed tongue. This is the classic triad which defines the syndrome, although it is accepted that the presence of two manifestations or one with a granulomatous cheilitis in the biopsy, are sufficient to make the diagnosis. The case of a 15 year-old diabetic boy is presented. He had a persistent edema of the upper lip of one-year duration, which started abruptly without any clear etiologic correlation. He was treated with antihistaminics and corticosteroids without improvement but with diabetic imbalance. The complementary examinations were normal and the biopsy was compatible with granulomatous cheilitis. Despite the low incidence and the fact that there is no specific treatment, MRS has to be considered as a diagnostic possibility in a patient with recurrent edema although not necessarily having the complete triad.
Posteroinferior cerebellar artery aneurysms: Surgical results for 38 patients; OBJECTIVE: Posteroinferior cerebellar artery aneurysms have an incidence of approximately 0.49%. Reports in the literature are sparse concerning outcomes in this patient population. We report our results for 38 consecutive patients who were treated during the last 6.5 years. METHODS: All patients (n = 38) with posteroinferior cerebellar artery aneurysms that were surgically treated at Zale-Lipshy University Hospital between January 1990 and May 1997 were retrospectively reviewed. Data were collected and analyzed relating to demographics, condition at presentation, lesion characteristics, associated medical problems, postsurgical complications, and outcome. RESULTS: Sixty- six percent of the patients (n = 25) experienced neurological sequelae, which included symptomatic vasospasm, hydrocephalus, dysarthria, paresis, diplopia, ataxia, and facial paralysis. Many, however, showed significant improvement during their hospitalization and during the course of the ensuing year. Seventy-four percent of the patients had a Glasgow Outcome Scale score of 1 or 2 at the time of discharge, 91% at 6 months after surgery, and 89% at 1 year after surgery. CONCLUSION: This review summarizes the presentations and outcomes of 38 consecutive surgical cases during a 6.5-year period and concludes that posteroinferior cerebellar artery aneurysms are not benign entities. The study does, however, also demonstrate that patients have significant recuperative potential after the treatment of these lesions.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome treated by methylprednisolone; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an uncommon disorder of uncertain etiology. Different therapeutic regimens have been attempted but with limited success. We report a 24-year-old woman with recurrent facial and lip swelling, lingua plicata, and peripheral facial-nerve palsy who benefited from a short course of high-dose IV methylprednisolone.
Management of post-traumatic facial paralysis. A rationale with the experience of 85 cases; Objective. - To review patient selection and factors affecting the decision for surgical or non-surgical management of patients with trauma- induced facial nerve palsy. Study design: Retrospective review of 85 consecutive cases occurring over a 6-year period. Methods. - Between 1984 and 1990, 85 cases of facial nerve palsy following trauma were treated. Patient assessment included clinical, audiological, radiological and EMG examinations. Depending on test results, patients were either given medical treatment or underwent total facial nerve decompression surgery. Results. - Recovery was achieved in all 33 medically treated patients. Among the 52 surgically-treated patients (61.2 %), 47 had immediate facial nerve palsy at admission (90.4 %). Onset of facial palsy was delayed in 5 others, including 3 for whom the delay to onset was unknown. Surgical accesses used were the midle fossa and transmastoidal (60 %), translabyrinthine (11 %), and pure transmastoidal (29 %) routes depending on hearing loss, location of fracture line and general patient condition. Lesions were predominantly found in the geniculate ganglion area. A nerve gap was found in only 13.5 % of the cases. Two years post-operatively, 92.3 % of the patients had grade I-III recovery. No grade V or VI cases were observed. Discussion and conclusion. - The rarity of severe nerve lesions encountered in surgically-treated patients raises the question of better candidate selection for surgery. At present, imaging techniques, particularly radiology, can help to choose the best indication. Immediate total facial palsy associated with a clear-cut fracture going through the Fallopian canal is perhaps the only case requiring surgery. When the delay of onset is unknown, an EMG indicating a total denervation process is the decisive argument.
Delayed facial weakness after microvascular decompression of cranial nerve VII; BACKGROUND: Retromastoid craniectomy and microvascular decompression of cranial nerve VII for hemifacial spasm is a well accepted and effective treatment. Risks of the operation relate to the surgical approach in general and to the seventh nerve in particular. Delayed facial weakness is an unusual and little-described complication of the procedure. The purpose of this review is to describe this complication and the characteristics of the patients so affected. METHODS: Between 1972 and 1996, 985 patients have undergone microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm. During this time, 28 patients (2.8%) undergoing decompression of the facial nerve and 1 patient undergoing decompression of the cochlear nerve for tinnitus developed delayed facial palsy. RESULTS: The weakness was at least a House Grade III or worse and was complete in 11 of the patients. The time to occurrence averaged 12 days, with a tight range of 7 to 16 days. There were no factors such as duration of symptoms, intraoperative findings, or preoperative botulinum injections that were predictive of this postoperative weakness. In all patients there was almost complete recovery (House Grade I or II). CONCLUSIONS: Delayed facial weakness after MVD of CN VII can occur in up to 3% of cases. The onset of weakness after operation is consistent in its timing, occurring on average 12 days after the procedure. Although the etiology of this complication is uncertain, the palsy spontaneously resolves with a good or excellent outcome.
Diagnosis and treatment of Ramsay Hunt syndrome (a report of 39 cases); Thirty-nine cases with Ramsay Hunt syndrome were presented, in which 23 cases were firmly diagnosed early, and others were misdiagnosed to be Bell's palsy in 9 cases, sudden sensorineural hearing loss in 5, herpes zoster pharyngitis in 1 and acute suppurative otitis media in 1, respectively. All patients were treated with prednisone or dexamethasone for 3 weeks. The results of treatment were as follows: complete recovery in 27 cases, residual facial paralysis in 12 patients, in which 11 had sensorineural hearing loss. We concluded that: 1. When patients present idiopathic facial paralysis associated with objective sensorineural hearing loss, Hunt syndrome should be suspected even in the absence of vesicles. 2. Treatment with steroid and antiviral agent is needed. There is no significant difference in the effects between oral and intravenous steroid therapy. 3. The poor prognosis may relate with severe facial paralysis accompanying severe hearing loss. 4. Acoustic stapedius reflex in patients with mild or no hearing loss is useful for defining the involved sites and evaluating the prognosis.
Facial nerve palsy: Which flap? Microsurgical, anatomical, and functional considerations; In the microsurgical therapy of facial nerve palsy, the muscles most frequently utilized have been gracilis, latissimus dorsi, and pectoralis minor, this depending upon surgeons' personal experience. However, at the moment no satisfactory comparison studies are available; this work is a comparative study of the three most often used cadaver-derived muscles in surgical therapy of facial nerve palsy. The potential use of gracilis, latissimus dorsi, and pectoralis minor as free flaps has been assessed by analyzing their microsurgical, anatomical and functional parameters. Suitability has been evaluated by scoring each parameter from 0 to 3 (unsatisfactory, satisfactory, good, and excellent respectively). The results may provide the surgeon who undertakes this kind of technique with a useful data comparison.
Paediatric facial paralysis caused by Lyme borreliosis: A prospective and retrospective analysis; The incidence of Lyme borreliosis (LB) was studied prospectively in 49 children ( < 17 years of age) with 50 episodes of acute FP. In addition, 43 children with a history of FP (average follow-up of 5.2 y) were studied retrospectively for the outcome of FP and for the symptoms and signs of late LB. In the prospective study, 17 (34%) patients with FP proved to have acute LB. They all received antibiotic treatment and their FP had a favourable outcome. In the retrospective study the patients had had FP before the diagnostic tests for LB were available. Thus, none of the 43 patients had been diagnosed to have, or treated for, LB. The outcome of their FP had generally been favourable. None of them had any signs of late LB at the follow-up visit. Our results indicate that LB is a frequent cause of acute paediatric FP in an endemic area. In addition our data suggests that FP caused by LB in children has a favourable prognosis, even when left untreated.
Facial reanimation for chronic facial paralysis; Chronic facial paralysis is a devastating functional and cosmetic deformity that can physically, socially, and emotionally isolate the affected person from the rest of society. Current efforts in the restoration of facial nerve function focus on nerve regeneration, new ways to grade and evaluate pre- and postoperative facial nerve status, adjunct methods for fine-tuning postoperative results, and refinements of long-established surgical procedures.
Cochlear implantation in patients with chronic otitis: Indications for subtotal petrosectomy and obliteration of the middle ear; Normally, active chronic suppurative otitis media is regarded as a contra indication for cochlear implantation. In case of a radical cavity after surgical treatment for cholesteatoma, the electrode covered by the epithelial lining of the mastoid will likely become exposed or extruded. Under these circumstances we suggest the subtotal petrosectomy, obliteration of the middle ear cleft with abdominal fat, and the blindsac closure of the external ear canal before cochlear implantation. Fourteen patients with chronic otitis media were successfully implanted with an intra-cochlear multichannel cochlear implant. After an average follow-up of 28 months a temporary facial palsy in one patient and an insufficient closure of a retroauricu]ar fistula over the mastoid cavity in two cases were observed as postoperative complications. One patient with a tumefactive inflammatory pseudotumor developed a massive inflammation in the implanted ear 2 months after surgery which could not be controlled by conservative treatment. The implant had to be removed and after administration of cyclophosphamide she could be successfully reimplanted 7 months later. Implantation of a foreign body in a potentially infected space which communicates with the endocranium means a surgical challenge which can be managed by obliteration of the middle ear. In case of massive inflammation we prefer a two-stage procedure.
Clinical observation of therapeutic effects botulin A on 118 hemifacial spasm patients; Objective. To explore the cause of hemifacial spasm (HFS) and evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of botulin A. Methods. 118 HFS patients were studied on therapeutic efficacy of multifocal facial injections with botulin A. Symptomatic alleviations after the injection were graded in comparison with the symptoms at the pretreatment stage. Electromyography (EMG) was performed in 36 patients and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) in 12 patients at random. Results. Following the treatment, 94% of the patients were relieved of symptoms, but 87% of the patients relapsed about half a year later. EMG was performed in 36 patients with the presence of spontaneous action potentials. MRA was performed in 12 patients, demonstrating the aberrances of the vertebral artery, the posterior inferior cerebellar artery or the anterior inferior cerebellar artery, with certain compressions of the involved facial nerves in 11 cases. Conclusions. The vascular compression of the involved facial nerves might be identified as the more likely cause of HFS. Therapeutic efficacy of botulin A usually lasted no longer than six months. Substantially, the botulin A injections could serve as a kind of easy and useful symptomatic treatment.
Temporal bone fractures: Analysis of 220 cases; Background: Temporal bone fractures are not uncommonly encountered in the patients with head injuries at the emergent service. Methods: A retrospective study of 220 patients with temporal bone fractures over a 4- year period at National Cheng Kung University Hospital was done. The study was to examine the incidence of complications resulting from temporal bone fractures and to analyze the outcomes of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) otorrhea and facial paralysis. Results: The most common cause of a temporal bone fracture was traffic accident. Pertinent physical findings were hemotympanum, bloody otorrhea, tympanic membrane rupture, and CSF otorrhea. CSF otorrhea was found in 5 patients (2%). Except that one patient died shortly after arrival due to severe head injury, the CSF otorrhea recovered spontaneously without complication in others. Facial paralysis was found in 31 patients (13%). Those with delayed-onset and incomplete facial paralysis had good recovery. However, recovery in those with immediate-onset or complete facial paralysis was poor. Hearing test showed prevalent sensorineural damage in those patients with sensorineural and mixed type hearing loss. Conclusions: All cases with CSF otorrhea recovered with conservative treatment. Recovery in those with immediate-onset or complete facial paralysis was poor so that early surgical intervention may be indicated. Furthermore, trauma of the inner ear and auditory nerve resulted in hearing impairment is not negligible in patients with temporal bone fracture.
Efficacy of gold weight implants in facial nerve palsy: Quantitative alterations in blinking; Deficient eyelid closure is a major visual threat to patients with unresolved facial nerve palsy. Gold weight implants assisted eyelid closure in patients with paresis of the orbicularis oculi, ameliorating patient complaints of dry eye, excessive tearing, and corneal epithelial breakdown. We used dynamic measures to assess the efficacy of upper eyelid gold weight implantation surgery for facial nerve palsy. The search coil technique was used to record spontaneous blinks bilaterally in six patients, before and after unilateral gold weight implantations into the upper eyelid in severe facial nerve palsy. In uncomplicated facial nerve palsy, the amplitude of blink down-phases for the paretic eyelid was 28.6 ± 5.7% of the amplitude of the contralateral, normal eyelid. Following corrective surgery, closure of the paretic eyelid improved to 42.6 ± 7.5% (P < 0.05). There was not a commensurate increase in the peak velocity of blink down-phases, suggesting that gold weight effects are mediated by a passive improvement in blink dynamics.
One-stage transfer of the latissimus dorsi muscle for reanimation of a paralyzed face: A new alternative; The two-stage method combining neurovascular free-muscle transfer with cross-face nerve grafting is now a widely accepted procedure for dynamic smile reconstruction in cases with long established unilateral facial paralysis. Although the results are promising, the two operations, about 1 year apart, exert an economic burden on the patients and require a lengthy period before obtaining results. Sequelae such as hypoesthesia, paresthesia, and conspicuous scar on the donor leg for harvesting a sural nerve graft also cannot be disregarded. To overcome such drawbacks of the two-stage method, we report a refined technique utilizing one-stage microvascular free transfer of the latissimus dorsi muscle. Its thoracodorsal nerve is crossed through the upper lip and sutured to the contralateral intact facial nerve branches. Reinnervation of the transferred muscle is established at a mean of 7 months postoperatively, which is faster than that of the two-stage method. In our present series with 24 patients, 21 patients (more than 87 percent) believed that their results were excellent or satisfactory, which also compares well with the results of the two-stage method combining free-muscle transfer with cross-face nerve graft.
Mobius syndrome: Classification and grading system; Mobius syndrome is characterized by facial abnormalities, but the limbs, chest wall, spine, and soft tissues also can be involved. There is no system for categorizing the various anomalies, grading phenotypic severity, designing treatment protocols, or assessing therapeutic results. This is a retrospective analysis of 27 patients with Mobius syndrome seen in our craniofacial unit from 1980 to 1994. We categorized and graded the cranial nerve deficits and diverse musculoskeletal abnormalities of the face, upper and lower limbs, and trunk. The first letter for each of five potentially involved structures, i.e., cranial nerve, lower limb, upper limb, face, and thorax, formed the acronym CLUFT. The structural and/or functional deficits for each component were graded on a scale of 0 to 3. Complete facial nerve paralysis was documented in 11 patients and paresis in 16. Facial nerve paralysis was bilaterally symmetric in 17 of 26 patients. Sixth nerve paralysis was present in 23 of 27 patients; other cranial nerves were affected in 8 of 27 patients. Lower limbs were involved in 10 of 27 patients and upper limbs in 7 of 27 patients. Facial structures were affected in 17 of 27 patients (e.g., microtia, micrognathia, and microphthalmia), and chest wall deformities were found in 8 of 27 patients (e.g., scoliosis, hypoplasia of the breast, pectoral muscles, and scapula). We noted that microtia primarily involved second pharyngeal arch-derived structures. The CLUFT system permits categorization and comparison of Mobius patients for phenotypic and management outcome studies. Documentation of the widespread structural anomalies suggests that pathogenesis involves vascular disruption; a detailed prenatal history is indicated.
Intra-operative monitoring in acoustic neuroma surgery; Intra-operative neurophysiologic monitoring (IOM) is rapidly evolving as an important adjunct during acoustic neuroma surgery to reduce the incidence of neurologic deficits. Monitoring alerts the surgeon to ongoing changes in neural function. The benefit of facial nerve monitoring in reducing the incidence of facial palsy during acoustic tumor resection appears clear and is now recommended by the National Institutes of Health (Consensus Development Conference on Acoustic Neuroma, 1991). Auditory monitoring is not as effective as facial monitoring but hearing preservation can be enhanced particularly if used with facial monitoring because the latter alerts the surgeon to traumatic manipulations that may affect both facial and cochlear nerves. Monitoring is not a replacement for surgical experience. 'Poor monitoring is worse than no monitoring'.
Rapid diagnosis of varicella zoster virus infection in acute facial palsy; Patients with zoster sine herpete and Ramsay Hunt syndrome without pathognomonic vesicles at the initial visit are often misdiagnosed with Bell's palsy and treated without antiviral agents. With PCR, we found that varicella zoster virus genomes were frequently detectable in auricular skin exudate from patients with zoster sine herpete or Ramsay Hunt syndrome before the appearance of vesicles.
Squamous cell carcinoma of temporal bone: an analysis of long-term treatment results in 33 patients; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the long-term results in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the temporal bone and treated by of mastoidectomy combined with perioperative radiation therapy. METHODS: Thirty-three patients with squamous cell carcinoma invading the temporal bone were reviewed retrospectively. According to the tumor extent, the patients were staged into three subgroups, 3 with lesions confined to the auditory canal(Group I), 17 with involvement of the middle ear or mastoid(Group II) and 13 with more extensive disease(Group III). Two patients were treated by surgery, 11 by irradiation and the remaining 20 by the combined surgery and perioperative radiotherapy. The surgical procedures included sleeve resection for group I patients, mastoidectomy for all other patients except one who had subtotal temporal bone resection. The radiation doses were in the range of 3,500 to 10,000 cGy, with an average dose of 6,560 cGy. RESULTS: The 5-year survival rate for the whole series was 51.7% by the life table analysis. The estimated 5-year survival rates for 3 subgroups were 100%, 68.8%, and 19.6%, respectively (P = 0.012). Radiation alone had a 28.7% survival rate and combined therapy 59.6% (P = 0.80). For patients treated with planned combined therapy, the actual 5-year survival rates were 72.7% (8/11) for Group II and 12.5% (1/8) for Group III (P = 0.02). Twelve patients died of local recurrence (10 cases), cervical metastases(1 case) and liver metastases (1 case) with 67.0% (8/12) succumbed to their diseases within two years. Complications included osteonecrosis (n = 1), osteitis (n = 3), radiation dermatitis (n = 2), facial palsy (n = 2), and delayed healing (n = 2). CONCLUSION: The 5-year survival rates in patients with mastoidectomy with removal of gross tumor, combined with planned perioperative irradiation therapy, are similar or higher than those from literature. This protocol can be used in patients with squamous cell carcinoma confined to the middle ear or the mastoid.
Acute mastoidectomy in a Danish county from 1977 to 1996 with focus on the bacteriology; To evaluate if the nature of acute mastoiditis (AM) treated surgically has changed during the last 20 years (1977-1996), the data from patients undergoing acute mastoidectomy were examined retrospectively. Cases with cholesteatomas and intracranial complications were excluded, while 79 patients (48% male) with a median age of 16 months were included. There was a history of infectious middle ear disease in 37% and the mean duration from onset of symptoms to admission was 9 days. The well-being was affected in 46 and 82% had fever. Purulent middle ear effusion was recognized in 92%. A subperiosteal abscess in 66% of the ears peroperatively. Specimens yielded growth of pathogens in 58%, predominantly gram positive bacteria, fully or partially sensitive to penicillin. Antimicrobial treatment before admittance masked or reduced more symptoms significantly. The patients from the last 10- year-period had less frequently acute otitis media in their history, shorter duration of hospitalization, and more frequently haemolytic Streptococcus group A. Conclusively, AM affects especially infants without previous middle ear disease. The clinical picture has become more subtle in time, probably due to antibiotics, and concomitantly the bacteriological pattern has changed.
Immunologic aspects of facial nerve paralysis induced by herpes simplex virus infection in mice; The immunologic aspects of facial nerve paralysis due to herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) infection were investigated in a mouse model system. Half of the 4- to 5-week-old mice developed facial nerve paralysis, whereas none of the 6-week-old mice died or developed facial nerve paralysis on inoculation with HSV-1. Six-week-old mice showed significantly higher titers of anti-HSV-1 neutralizing antibody than did 4-week-old animals. Passive transfer of either anti-HSV-1 antibody or HSV-1-immunized splenic T cells into 4-week-old mice 3 hours after HSV-1 inoculation prevented development of facial nerve paralysis and death, whereas such transfers 48 or 96 hours after HSV-1 inoculation did not prevent or exacerbate facial nerve paralysis. These results demonstrate that the age and the immunologic potency of mice are closely related to the pathogenesis of facial nerve paralysis. That facial nerve paralysis developed even in 6-week-old mice whose T-cell function was suppressed with anti-CD3 antibody suggests that virus-induced cellular demyelination is unlikely as a cause of facial nerve paralysis in this animal model.
RAMSAY-HUNT syndrome in childhood; We report about an eleven-year-old boy suffering from facial nerve palsy. He presented with sudden otalgia, headache and herpetic vesicles in the right auricle. The magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan showed a high concentration of the applied contrast agent in the region of the facial and auditory nerves. The cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) showed signs of inflammation; lymphocytic pleocytosis, activated lymphocytic cell forms and intrathecal immunglobuline synthesis. We identified the disease as one form of Varicella-Zoster virus infection, better known as Zoster oticus. Also known as the RAMSAY-HUNT syndrome, the disease is very rarely described during childhood. The treatment today is intravenous injection of Acyclovir. In our case we saw a nearly complete recovery.
Localized complications from local anesthesia.; The inherent safety of local anesthetics allows practitioners to use them frequently with the confidence that adverse events are rare. Nevertheless, complications can occur. The aim of this article is to briefly review the localized adverse events that may result from local anesthetic administration. Descriptions of each complication will be followed by suggestions for prevention and management. In spite of a dentist's conscientious practice, many of these complications cannot always be prevented.
Traumatic facial paralysis; Early diagnosis and appropriate treatment of traumatic facial nerve paralysis can lead to a favorable result. The prognosis or facial nerve recovery depends upon early identification of facial nerve injury, localization of the site of injury, treatment of the affected site and close follow-up examinations. Intratemporal injuries occur as a result of longitudinal temporal bone fractures, often affecting the perigeniculate region. In transverse temporal bone fractures the site of injury may be the labyrinthine, internal auditory canal, or segments. Depending on the time of onset and degree of paralysis, surgery may or may not be indicated. Facial nerve recovery from an extratemporal injury also depends on early diagnosis and repair.
Merkel cell carcinoma of the external auditory canal invading the intracranial compartment; Purpose: To report an unusual case of an intracranial extension of Merkel cell carcinoma originating in the external ear canal and causing neurological deficits. Case Report: An 86-year-old woman, with a 16-month history of an external auditory canal mass, presented with hemiparesis, facial paralysis, and obtundation. Radiographic images showed an intracranial mass extending into the petrous bone. Method: The patient had a craniotomy for intracranial tumor resection with concurrent mastoidectomy for facial nerve decompression and obtundation and hemiparesis were resolved. Residual tumor was subsequently treated with adjuvant radiation therapy, and facial nerve function consequently improved. Conclusion: Merkel cell tumors rarely invade the intracranial compartments. Residual tumor and neurological deficits may respond to adjuvant radiation therapy.
Current approaches in the diagnosis and management of idiopathic facial paresis; Although acute idiopathic facial paresis is often laballed 'Bell's palsy', historical studies show that Nicolaus Anton Friedreich (1761-1836) from Wurzburg was the first physician to describe the typical symptoms of the disorder in 1797, approximately 24 years prior to the paper published by Sir Charles Bell. Diagnostics has now improved to the extent that acute idiopathic facial palsy can more frequently be assigned to etiologies caused by inflammatory disorders. Herpes simplex virus type I and Borrelia burgdorferi are particularly relevant. Underestimation of the degree of paresis is, particularly in children, a drawback of the clinical examination. 'Incomplete eyelid closure' is not a reliable indicator of remaining nerve function. For this reason complete electromyography (EMG) is recommended in all cases of severe facial paresis. Since electroneurography does not reliably reflect the degree of denervation present, needle EMG is preferred. The therapy of the facial palsy of unclear etiology is still not well defined. Nevertheless, we recommend that a combined treatment should be used early, at least in patients with disfiguring pareses. Combinations may consist of cortisone, virostatic agents and hemorrheologic substances and possibly antibiotics. Surgical decompression of the facial nerve remains controversial, since positive surgical results lack statistical support. Individual instructions for facial exercises, massage and muscle relaxation can support rehabilitation and possibly reduce the production of pathological synkinesia. Electrical stimulation should not be used. There are a number of possibilities available to reduce the effects of misdirected reinnervation, especially the use of botulinum-A-toxin. However, intensive diagnosis and therapy in the early phase of paresis are decisive in obtaining a favorable outcome. Further refinements in rehabilitation and comparative multicenter controlled studies are still required for future improvements in affected patients.
Basal cell adenocarcinoma of the parotid gland: A rare tumor entity. Case report and review of the literature; Basal cell adenocarcinoma is a rare entity that was first defined as a malignant salivary gland tumor in 1991. We present another case report and discuss pathology, pathogenesis, differential diagnosis, therapy and prognosis on the basis of currently available literature. Although histomorphologic features of the tumors are similar to basal cell adenomas, proof of an infiltrative and destructive growth is essential for diagnosis. Adenoid cystic carcinoma and basaloid squamous carcinoma must also be considered in any differential diagnosis. Tumor development within a pre- existing basal cell adenoma and de novo development are discussed. Most of the tumors appear to be benign clinically. Facial pain is rare and facial nerve palsy was noted in only one case. Metastases have occurred in less than 10% of patients, with only one involving the lung. Due to their biologic behavior and prognosis, basal cell adenocarcinomas should be classified as low-grade carcinomas. The therapy of choice is parotidectomy with preservation of the facial nerve. Neck dissection has to be added in cases with cervical metastases. Radiation is advisable in patients with recurrent disease. Since there is a nearly 30% local recurrence rate, intensive follow- up is necessary.
Necrotizing otitis externa, otitis media, peripheral facial paralysis, and brain abscess in a thalassemic child after allogeneic BMT; Severe infection is one of the major complications in the early and late post-bone marrow transplantation period. The authors report a thalassemic child who developed necrotizing otitis externa and otitis media, a very rare complication after bone marrow transplantation, and then peripheral facial nerve paralysis and brain abscess in the early period of bone marrow transplantation despite antibacterial and antifungal prophylaxis. Necrotizing otitis media is characterized by necrosis and sloughing of considerable areas in the middle ear and adjacent tissues and is an unusual disorder because of today's antibiotics. Granulocytopenia and background ear tissue exposed to previous repeated otitis media attacks may be the predisposing factors in this case. The authors conclude that the children with previous histories of recurrent otitis media should be prepared and monitored very carefully during bone marrow transplantation because of the risk of necrotizing otitis media, especially in the granulocytopenic period.
Clinical model for autologous myoblast therapy; The purpose of this study was to determine if stable facial paresis of the frontalis muscle represents a model for autologous myoblast therapy. It was hypothesized that stable facial paresis of the frontalis muscle can be quantitatively differentiated from the motion of normal and completely paralyzed frontalis muscles, respectively. The Maximal Static Response Assay of Facial Nerve Function was used to quantitate maximal excursion of the skin overlying the frontalis muscle, as indicated by eyebrow raise, in a group of normal individuals and a group of patients with clinically defined complete hemifacial paralysis. For patients in each group, a ratio of weak sided brow motion to strong sided brow motion (brow motion ratio) was calculated. Brow motion ratios of normal individuals were significantly different than those of patients with complete hemifacial paralysis. Importantly, a wide range of brow motion ratios exists between these two groups. This range was defined to quantitatively represent hemifacial brow paresis: normal brow motion ratio, 0.87 ± 0.12; complete paralysis brow motion ratio, 0.20 ± 0.098; range of hemifacial brow paresis brow motion ratios, 0.30-0.75. Stable paresis of the frontalis muscle can be defined quantitatively and differentiated from normal facial motion and complete facial paralysis. It, therefore, may represent an improved human model for proof of principle testing of autologous myoblast therapy.
Parotid warthin's tumor with false-negative radionuclide scanning - Case report; Warthin's tumor, a slow-growing, well-capsulated discrete salivary tumor, occurs most often in parotid gland because of its unique pathogenesis during embryogenetic period. Its occurrence is less than that of mixed tumor only and accounts for about 2-10% of benign neoplasm in parotid gland. Technetium, a radionuclide material, is well up-took by this tumor with high specificity and showing hot area. Thus, the radionuclide scanning is useful as a preoperative evaluating tool. In January 1997, we experienced a 35- year-old man with left infra-auricular mass for 3 years. He came to us because of its rapid growing. Local examination revealed a parotid tail tumor with mild tenderness. There was no infection sign or facial palsy. Radionuclide scanning showed a 'cold pattern' over the tumor area. Superficial parotidectomy including the tumor was performed. However, the histopathology revealed Warthin's tumor. Due to the unusually negative radionuclide scanning, the specialty, diagnosis and treatment of this patient were discussed.
Surgical experience of C2 glomus jugulare tumor - Case report; Personal experience in technical difficulties encountered during the operation of a patient with a C2 glomus jugulare and a coexistent caroticum tumor is described. The 25-year-old woman with left pulsatile tinnitus and hearing loss for 3 years had developed facial paralysis and headache for one month before coming to our clinic. CT and MRI examinations disclosed a tumor involving the vertical portion of the carotid canal in the temporal bone. After preoperative embolization, the glomus jugulare was subtotally removed through Fisch's type A infra-temporal approach. The temporal carotid canal was not completely exposed during the operation. Difficulty to identify the caroticum-compressed internal carotid artery in the neck may hinder upward dissection and exposure. Consequently adequate lowering-down of the anterior bony wall of the external auditory canal is important for the management of such cases.
Neuronal and non-neuronal responses to axonal injury of the facial nerve in the main facial nucleus; 1. The purpose of the present study is to provide an anatomical description of axonal injury induced changes in the motoneurons and surrounding glial cells in the facial motor nucleus (FMN). From 1 week to 10 weeks after surgical injury of the central or peripheral portion of the facial nerve (FN) responses of FMN to injury were investigated. Immunoreactive astrocytes were labeled with anti-glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP), revealing a pattern of anisomorphic fibrous gliosis in the damaged FMN, and synaptic displacement from the motoneurons - this process is known as synaptic stripping - was observed with anti-synaptophysin immunocytochemistry. 2. Surgical crush of the FN in the peripheral nervous system (PNS) resulted in complete facial paralysis, but the cell number of the facial motoneurons did not decrease after the lesion. Synaptic stripping and astrocytic activation continued to increase up to 3 weeks after surgery, and returned to normal condition after improvement of the facial paralysis. Axotomy of the FN in the central nervous system (CNS) induced significant loss of motoneurons in the FMN at 4 weeks after injury. Synaptic stripping and astrocytic activation were more sensitive and prolonged after CNS lesion than PNS lesion. Our findings suggest that CNS axotomy of the FN is a potentially valuable new model of motoneuronal death and time-dependent response to traumatic brain injury. 3. After FN injury, some animals received intraperitoneal injections of glucocorticoid (prednisolone). One week after nerve injury, the effects of glucocorticoid on the retrograde reactions were examined. Synaptic stripping and astrocytic activation induced by axonal injury were apparently inhibited in cases with glucocorticoid treatment. These results suggest that glucocorticoid might directly affect neuronal degeneration and/or regeneration, in addition to the anti-inflammatory effect at the lesion site.
Melkersson-rosenthal syndrome clinical features and a suggested diagnostic grading system; The case history of a patient with orofacial oedema is presented, together with the findings on extensive investigation. A diagnosis of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) was made. This case demonstrated the difficulties in diagnosis in monosymptomatic cases, and the importance of further investigation (EMG). MRS is a rare condition with a triad of symptoms: orofacial oedema, facial palsy, and plicated or 'scrotal' tongue. The pathogenesis is unknown. The vital prognosis is good. Treatment has not been specific. It relies on local (intra-lesional) and systemic steroids, and elective eyelid surgery. Clofamizine has proved an effective alternative treatment.
Intraparenchymal clear cell meningioma of the brainstem in a 2-year-old child: Case report and literature review; We report an unusual case of an intraparenchymal clear cell meningioma of the brainstem, occurring in a 22-month-old girl. She presented with bulbar dysfunction and a right hemiparesis due to an intrinsic tumor of the medulla, which was confirmed by radiologic imaging to be focal and with an exophytic component. At surgery, a partial resection was achieved and no dural attachment was found. Pathologic examination revealed a clear cell meningioma. In reviewing the literature, there have been fewer than 20 reported cases of clear cell meningioma, none of which were intraparenchymal, involved the brainstem or occurred in such a young patient. The pathologic findings, treatment options and present understanding of this tumor are discussed.
Psychological distress: Linking impairment with disability in facial neuromotor disorders; The relationship between facial neuromotor system impairment, disability, and psychological adjustment is not well understood. This study was designed to explore the relation between impairment and disability and the impact of psychological adjustment on the relation for individuals with disorders of the facial neuromotor system. We studied outpatients (n = 48; mean age, 49.0; SD = 16.3; range, 18 to 84 years) with a facial neuromotor disorder and acute or chronic facial paralysis. Measures of impairment (Facial Motion Assay, House-Brackmann scale, and Facial Grading System), disability (Facial Disability Index, physical and social well-being subscales), and psychological adjustment (Beck Anxiety Inventory, Beck Depression Inventory) were administered. Bivariate correlations between impairment and disability measures indicated impairment was positively correlated with physical and social disability (r = 0.44, p < 0.01; r = 0.39, p < 0.05, respectively). Stepwise regression analysis to predict disability indicated physical disability was predicted by impairment and the interaction of impairment and psychological distress (R2 = 0.425; F = 12.57; df = 2, 34; p = 0.002). Psychological distress, and not impairment and the interaction of impairment and distress, was the single predictor of social disability (R2 = 0.274; F = 13.23; df= 1, 35; p = 0.001). Psychological distress was a moderator of the relation between impairment and physical disability and a mediator of the relation between Impairment and social disability for individuals with facial neuromotor disorders. Assessment and interventions targeted for psychological distress in addition to interventions targeted for impairments appear warranted to effectively reduce the disability associated with facial neuromotor disorders.
A proposal for basic management of HIV disease in West Africa: Use of clinical staging and haemogram data; Our objective was to propose a strategy to screen HIV-infected African people for biological immunodeficiency easily. In a cross-sectional study, we analysed the patterns of diseases and of CD4 counts among 266 HIV-infected adults. peripheral facial paralysis and chronic cutaneo-mucous diseases were the earlier B-stage diseases. Pulmonary tuberculosis was close to B-stage diseases, and chronic diarrhoea was borderline between B and C stages. Cachexia was the most frequent C-stage symptom (47.8%). Ninety per cent of CDC-C stage people had CD4 counts below 350/μl, whereas only 75% had CD4 counts below 200/μl. Regression analysis identified the lymphocyte count, clinical stage and platelet count as predictors of CD4 count below 350/μl. A simple score (lymphocyte count ≤2500/μl and clinical stage ≤B) is proposed to determine this CD4 threshold (positive predictive value: 83%) and to determine those patients needing treatment to prevent wasting and opportunistic infections.
Metastasis of uterine leiomyosarcoma in the middle ear (temporal bone). About a case; Purpose: To present a case of a woman diagnosed of uterine leiomyosarcoma with middle ear metastasis. Material and methods: A 56-year- old woman with initial presentation of chronic serous otitis media who developed a peripheral facial paralysis. After a careful study, the origin of the otitis was found as secondary to a middle ear metastasis from a uterine leiomyosarcoma. Results: The case is described standing out the peculiar natural history with an aggressive evolution, and the brilliant response to the administered chemotherapy protocol. Conclusions: The authors make a review of the medical literature and the etiologic characteristics of the temporal bone space occupant lesions, confirming the exceptionally of a middle ear metastasis due to uterine leiomyosarcoma.
Can the addition of moxibustion during acupuncture therapy improve recovery from Bell's palsy?; This study involved clinical observation of 60 cases of Bell's palsy (peripheral facial paralysis) treated with both acupuncture alone (Group A) and acupuncture combined with moxibustion (Group B). Treatment was effective in all subjects in both groups. Of the cured subjects in Groups A and B, 66.7% (14/21) and 80.8% (21/26), respectively, required 20 days or less to achieve complete recovery. Therefore, among the subjects rated as cured, fewer treatments were needed and earlier recovery was experienced by the group that received moxibustion.
Intrauterine infection and the risk of cerebral palsy in very low-birthweight infants; Very low-birthweight infants constitute more than one-quarter of all new cases of cerebral palsy. We performed a ease-control study of associations between antenatal maternal infection and cerebral palsy in very low-birthweight infants. Cases and controls were selected from a cohort of 1238 consecutive infants who: (1) had birthweights between 500 and 1500 g and no major congenital anomaly; (2) were born 1 January 1986 to 31 December 1993 to a mother residing in 1 of 17 counties in northwest North Carolina; and (3) were delivered at the only tertiary obstetric referral centre in those same 17 counties. A total of 984 of these infants (79%) survived to 1 year of age (adjusted for degree of prematurity) and were scheduled for a multidisciplinary examination; 815 (83%) came as scheduled. Excluding two cases attributable to post-neonatal events, 62 cases of cerebral palsy were identified. Controls were the two infants, without cerebral palsy, born closest in time to each case. Medical records were reviewed by a nurse who was not aware of which subjects were cases. Among possible markers of intra-amniotic infection, those associated most strongly with cerebral palsy were chorioamnionitis diagnosed by an obstetrician (odds ratio [OR] adjusted for gestational age [95% confidence limits] = 2.6 [1.0, 6.51), antepartum maternal temperature > 37.8°C (OR = 2.6 [1.1, 6.0]), uterine tenderness (OR =2.6 [0.8, 9.3]), maternal receipt of antibiotics (OR = 2.2 [1.0, 4.7]) and neonatal sepsis in the first week of life (OR = 2.9 [0.9, 8.9]). All of these associations were stronger for diplegia than the other clinical subtypes of cerebral palsy. The association with chorioamnionitis and spastic diplegia persisted when adjusted for maternal magnesium sulphate receipt, maternal betamethasone receipt, method of delivery (vaginal vs. abdominal), acidosis on the neonate's initial arterial blood gas, systolic blood pressure < 30mmHg and the diagnosis of major neonatal neurosonographic abnormality.
Ear damage in Ramsay-Hunt syndrome; We have realized an audiological study of four cases of Ramsay-Hunt syndrome establishing the evolution and topographical diagnostic of auditive damage. The terapeutic posibilities are discussed.
Temporal bone fractures mechanisms, findings and post-traumatic treatment; Traumatic head injuries are the principal cause of death and physical disability in young people. Sometimes a base of the skull fracture is produced, wounding the temporal bone structures in the 50% of patients. So that, can be observed some clinical findings and complications for each type of fracture e, wich must be treated, surgically or conservatively, by the otorhinolaryngologist in cooperation with neurosurgeons and other specialists. The clinical diagnosis will be confirmed with computerized tomography. The consequences of the temporal bone fractures includes: hearing loss, vestibular dysfunction and facial nerve injury.
Hemorrhage from an intrapetrous carotid artery aneurysm occurring after myringotomy; Aneurysms of the temporal part of the carotid artery are unusually rare. The literature contains only a few previous reports dealing with hemorrhage from such malformations. In the present case massive bleeding occurred from a right-sided intrapetrous aneurysm after myringotomy, which was performed as treatment for bilateral secretory otitis media. Due to the absence of any specific symptoms and the masking effect of middle ear glue preoperative identification of the aneurysm was not possible. Subsequent angiography showed the large fusiform extension of the intrapetrous aneurysm as well as multiple intracranial aneurysms. Leakage from the aneurism was closed definitively with muscle, fascia lata and a gelatin-resorcin-formalin-glue (Cardial®). In order to apply the tissue patch the hypotympanic site of the aneurism was exposed using a posterior otosurgical approach. Due to extensive intracranial collateralization to the vertebral arteries bleeding persisted even after ligation of both carotid arteries. Temporary cardiac asystole was then induced to allow safe closure of the aneurysm. Following surgery the patient sustained loss of hearing in her ear and a partial peripheral facial palsy.
Botulinum toxin injection effective for post-peripheral facial nerve palsy synkinesis; Facial synkinesis is an involuntary activation of muscles innervated by the zygomatic or mandibular branche of the facial nerve in conjunction with voluntary activation of the other branch. It appears frequently after recovery from peripheral facial nerve paralysis. We report 10 patients with facial synkinesis following Bell's palsy with a mean duration of synkinesis of 7 ± 4 years before treatment with periorbital injections of Botulinum toxin type A. 9 had marked subjective and objective improvement starting a few days after injection and lasting 4-9 months. The results suggest a useful treatment option for post-Bell's palsy facial synkinesis with Botulinum toxin type A.
Clinical characteristics of myasthenia gravis in the elderly patients; Objective: To study the clinical characteristics of myasthenia gravis (MG) in the elderly patients. Methods: The patients with MG were divided into three groups based on the onset of disease, which were juvenile MG (≤14 years), adult MG (15 ~ 59 years) and senile MG (≤60 years). The χ2 test was employed to evaluate the difference of clinical manifestations between above groups. Results: (1) There were more male patients than female ones in the senile MG group. (2) The bulbar muscular involvement as the first symptom was more frequently mistakenly diagnosed as a cerebrovascular disease in the senile MG group than in the other groups. (3) MG was seen to be associated in more patients with thymoma, but less with the other autoimmune diseases. (4) The mortality rate was higher in the senile MG group, but less patients with senile MG died of myasthenia crisis. Conclusion: The senile MG had its own clinical characteristics. With the important information of the clinical manifestation available, it may facilitate the diagnosis and therapy in the elderly patients with MG.
Biotin-responsive basal ganglia disease: A novel entity; We describe a novel, biotin-responsive basal ganglia disease in 10 patients. At onset, it appears as a subacute encephalopathy, with confusion, dysarthria and dysphagia with occasional supranuclear facial nerve palsy or external ophthalmoplegia, and progresses to severe cogwheel rigidity, dystonia and quadriparesis. These symptoms disappear within a few days if biotin (5-10 mg/kg/day) is administered, and there are no neurological sequelae. They reappear within 1 month if biotin is discontinued. Patients diagnosed late, or who have had repeated episodes, suffer from residual symptoms such as paraparesis, mild mental retardation or dystonia. The numerous biochemical studies of intermediary metabolism, like the autoimmune and toxicological studies, enzyme assays including biotinidase, carboxylase and lysosomal activities, and bacterial and viral studies were all normal. The aetiology may be related to a defect in the transporter of biotin across the blood-brain barrier. The only consistent radiological abnormality was central necrosis of the head of the caudate bilaterally and complete, or partial, involvement of the putamen on brain MRI. This was present during the initial acute encephalopathy and remained unchanged during followup of 3-10 years. Although its aetiology is unknown, it is important to recognize this disease, since its symptoms may be reversed and the progression of its clinical course prevented simply by providing biotin.
Short-course of interferon-β for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C: A multicenter trial for evaluating host immunological parameters; Host immunological parameters have not been evaluated in the response to IFN-β treatment for chronic hepatitis C. In this study, two different treatment regimens of IFN-β for chronic hepatitis C were evaluated and serum hepatitis C virus RNA levels were quantified by multicyclic reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. In addition, two host immunological parameters were assayed during treatment. One hundred and fifteen patients with chronic hepatitis C received 6 million units of IFN-β daily for 6 weeks or daily for 2 weeks, followed by twice a week for 14 weeks (total 16 weeks) intravenously. The efficacy of treatment was significantly correlated with initial viral load, which was confirmed by multivariate analysis. No correlation was noted between response to therapy and host immunological parameters. These findings suggest that initial hepatitis C virus levels are one of the important factors in determining the response to IFN-β.
Botulinum toxin treatment of synkinesia and hyperlacrimation after facial palsy; Objectives - To investigate the effects of injection of botulinum toxin type A (BTX A) into the orbicularis oculi muscle and lacrimal gland in patients with aberrant regeneration after facial palsy (facial synkinesias and hyperlacrimation). Methods - The effect of the toxin injection (on average 75 mouse units of BTX A) into the orbicularis oculi muscle on facial synkinesias was assessed on a five point (0 to 4) scale in 10 patients with aberrant regeneration of facial nerve fibres after a peripheral facial nerve palsy. Six patients underwent a videographic control, which was assessed by a blinded independent investigator. In two patients with hyperlacrimation an extra dose of botulinum toxin (on average 20 mouse units BTX A) was injected into the lacrimal gland and the effect was assessed using the Schirmer test and on a three point scale. Results - Botulinum toxin type A had a good to excellent (grades 3 and 4) effect over an average of six months after 91% of injections. In 9% the injections had a moderate (grade 2) effect. Patients with hyperlacrimation showed a nearly complete recovery. There were no systemic side effects but focal side effects due to a temporary weakness of the orbicularis oculi muscle were not uncommon. Conclusions - Botulinum toxin type A is the treatment of choice in motor and autonomic effects of aberrant regeneration of facial nerve after a peripheral palsy. The required dose is similar to or slightly lower than the dose usually recommended for hemifacial spasm.
Otologic management in children with the CHARGE association; Objectives: To characterize otologic management of two patient groups, those with the CHARGE association and those not strictly labeled as CHARGE but with several features of the disorder (CHARGE-like), in order to determine: (1) the clinical validity and utility of managing CHARGE-like children in a similar manner to patients with the strictly defined CHARGE association, (2) the progression and prognosis of hearing loss and (3) the identification of factors that may predict the degree of hearing loss. Design: Case series. Setting: Tertiary care urban children's hospital. Patients: 37 children, 22 in the CHARGE group and 15 in the CHARGE-like group. Interventions: Otorhinolaryngologic and audiologic management. Main outcome measures: otorhinolaryngologic and audio logic evaluation. Results: All patients required otologic and/or audiologic care. Bilateral heating loss was found in 32 patients (86%) and unilateral hearing loss in five patients (14%) when hearing was assessed in the absence of otitis media. Among the 32 patients with bilateral hearing loss, 31 (97%) were able to be fit with useful hearing aids. External ear anomalies were present in 25/37 (68%) patients, and middle ear and ossicular anomalies were identified in four cases (4/37, 11%). 36/37(97%) patients required surgical management of otitis media. Three patients (3/37, 8%) exhibited radiographic evidence of inner ear deformity. Facial nerve dysfunction was noted in the records of 14/37 (38%) patients. No statistically significant difference was found when CHARGE and CHARGE-like patients were compared for degree of hearing loss (P = 0.5964), type of hearing loss (P = 0.2657), worsening of hearing level (P = 0.7908), or anomalies of the external ear (P = 0.6921), ossicles (P = 0.7908), inner ear (P = 0.7908) or facial nerve (P = 0.6409). Patients with external ear anomalies did not exhibit statistically different degrees (P = 0.3125) or types (P = 0.1515) of hearing loss from patients without auricular anomalies. The presence of facial nerve anomaly correlated significantly (P = 0.0021) with profound hearing loss. Conclusions: Children who are CHARGE-like may be may be considered equivalent in terms of otologic and audiologic management to children strictly defined as CHARGE patients. These children all require otologic care due to the high prevalence of middle ear disease and the underlying permanent hearing loss that is both stable and aidable. The degree of hearing loss cannot be predicted by external ear morphology, but may be predicted by facial nerve palsy.
Malignant lymphoma of the internal auditory meatus - A case report; A 70-year-old women presented with dizziness, hearing impairment in the left side and left facial palsy. MRI-Gd revealed a homogeneously enhanced mass of 1 cm in size in the left internal acoustic meatus. But the mass was growing up to 3 cm and invaded to the leptomenix for three months. Mental status was decling. Diagnosis of B-cell lymphoma was made on the basis of positive CSF cytology. We performed chemotherapy but the patient died.
Bell's palsy in the primary care setting: a case study.; Bell's palsy is an acute unilateral paralysis of the facial muscles innervated by the seventh cranial nerve. Although the etiology of Bell's palsy is unknown, it is thought to result from edema, entrapment, or inflammation of the seventh cranial nerve. A history of recent viral infection--especially herpes simplex--diabetes mellitus, pregnancy, or hypertension are all common risk factors that may precede the onset. This article reviews assessment findings, differential diagnoses, and the treatment of Bell's palsy, which is considered a diagnosis of exclusion. A 10-day course of oral corticosteroids is the recommended therapy for lessening its course and severity in some populations. Recent research recommends the addition of acyclovir for 10 days, suggesting a herpetic viral etiology. Close follow-up is imperative to prevent corneal injury and to monitor worsening of symptoms. Although most patients recover within 1 to 6 months, incomplete recovery may be seen in severe or recurrent cases. Indications for referral are discussed. A case study is presented to illustrate the findings in this interesting disease.
Bilateral facial nerve palsy: Four case reports; Bilateral facial nerve palsy is relatively uncommon and may occur in association with a variety of neurological, infectious, neoplastic or degenerative disorders. Presentation is made of 4 cases of bilateral facial diplegia due to a refractory anemia with excess of blasts, a Lyme disease and a tuberculoid leprosy. In one of these patients the cause of bilateral seventh-nerve palsy was unknown (Bell's palsy). Facial palsy returned to normal after treatment with steroids in 3 patients. The patient with myelodysplastic syndrome did not show any improvement and died 6 months after diagnosis.
Validation of a treatment-based classification system for individuals with facial neuromotor disorders; Background and Purpose. A method for linking treatments to signs and symptoms of facial neuromotor disorders is needed. We describe the construct validation of a treatment-based classification system for facial neuromotor disorders. Subjects and Methods. Based on physical signs and symptoms, 148 patients (mean age=48.9 years, SD=16.1, range=20-93) were assigned to treatment-based categories. The pattern of impairment and disability was compared with clinical expectations. Results. The distribution of impairment and disability scores demonstrated the expected signs and symptoms of the treatment-based categories. Confirmatory principal-components factor analysis indicated 4 factors, corresponding to the treatment-based categories; the factor loadings confirmed the presence of the key sign or symptom characteristic of the categories. Conclusion and Discussion. Classifying facial neuromotor disorders into treatment-based categories appears to be a valid method for categorizing patients with specific impairments or disabilities and may be useful in linking treatments to outcomes.
Neuropsychiatric manifestations of Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a multisystem illness that may affect the central nervous system and subsequently produce mild to severe psychiatric disorders. Physicians who treat patient with Lyme disease need to be aware of its neuropsychiatric symptoms, which may emerge months to years after the initial infection. Prompt diagnosis and effective treatment are needed to avoid the debilitating and possibly irreversible mental illness associated with the neurologic involvement of this spirochetal infection. The author reviews the neuropsychiatric manifestations of Lyme disease and provides diagnostic and therapeutic approaches for the management of the central nervous system disease that may cause them.
Acute mastoiditis and its complications. A problem still with us; Although it is generally accepted that acute mastoiditis is an uncommon disease, there is evidence that it may be on the increase, although serious complications are still relatively frequent. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the causes and the clinical course of 24 cases of acute mastoiditis treated over a 10-year period. Eighteen cases were the sequel of acute otitis media, while six cases developed as a complication of cholesteatoma. There were nine cases with intratemporal complications: eight subperiosteal abscesses and one facial nerve paralysis. Two more patients had intracranial complications: a cerebellar abscess and meningitis. Ten patients recovered with conservative therapy consisting of intravenous antimicrobial therapy, combined with myringotomy in some cases. Fourteen patients were treated surgically by cortical (n = 8) or modified radical mastoidectomy (n = 6). All patients recovered following treatment. The paper discusses the different approaches used in the management of this disorder.
Malignant oncocytoma of the parotid gland: Case report and review of the literature; We report the case of a 93 year old female patient with a malignant oncocytoma of the parotid gland. Only 32 of these cases have been reported in the world literature so far. Our patient suffered from a 8 x 7 x 6 cm large tumor of the left parotid gland and had a complete facial nerve paralysis. Due to the patient's age and her poor general condition, treatment was intended for palliation only and consisted of total parotidectomy. The patient died nine months later without evidence of recurrent disease. Analysis of the world literature reveals that treatment should consist of surgical tumor removal and neck dissection. The benefit of radiotherapy remains unclear. The 5-year survival is poor due to metastatic disease.
Intestinal pseudoobstruction in acute Lyme disease: A case report; We report here a case of acute Lyme disease in a 61-yr-old man who developed a facial nerve paralysis and a relentless intestinal pseudoobstruction 2 wk after the initial prodrome. Both the facial nerve paralysis and pseudoobstruction persisted for a month until the patient sought medical attention. Both lesions resolved only after treatment for Lyme disease was initiated. The temporal association of the pseudoobstruction with the somatic cranial neuropathy and the response of both to specific therapy for Lyme disease suggest that the former was likely the result of a reversible autonomic neuropathy or dysfunction.
Use of misoprostol during pregnancy and Mobius' syndrome in infants; Background Patients with upper gastrointestinal ulceration may be treated with misoprostol, but it is not recommended for pregnant women because it may stimulate uterine contractions and cause vaginal bleeding and miscarriage. Recent data from Brazil, where misoprostol is used orally and vaginally as an abortifacient, have suggested a relation between the use of misoprostol by women in an unsuccessful attempt to terminate pregnancy and Mobius' syndrome (congenital facial paralysis) in their infants. Methods We compared the frequency of misoprostol use during the first trimester by mothers of infants in whom MObius' syndrome was diagnosed and mothers of infants with neural-tube defects in Brazil. All diagnoses in infants were made between January 16, 1990, and May 31, 1996, by clinical geneticists at seven hospitals who also interviewed the mothers and recorded information about the administration of misoprostol, among other data. Results We identified 96 infants with MObius' syndrome and matched them with 96 infants with neural-tube defects. The mean age at the time of the diagnosis of Mobius' syndrome was 16 months (range, 0.5 to 78), and the diagnosis of neural-tube defects was made within 1 week of birth in most cases. Among the mothers of the 96 infants with MObius' syndrome, 47 (49 percent) had used misoprostol in the first trimester of pregnancy, as compared with 3 (3 percent) of the mothers of the 96 infants with neural-tube defects (odds ratio, 29.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 11.6 to 76.0). Twenty of the mothers of the infants with MObius' syndrome had taken misoprostol only orally (odds ratio, 38.8; 95 percent confidence interval, 9.5 to 159.4), 20 had taken misoprostol both orally and vaginally, 3 had taken the drug vaginally, and 4 did not report how they took the drug. Conclusions Attempted abortion with misoprostol is associated with an increased risk of Mobius' syndrome in infants.
Treatment of Bells's palsy with prostaglandin E1; The advantage of combination therapy using prednisolone and prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) was evaluated in 35 patients with Bell's palsy. Complete recovery was achieved in all 15 patients treated with prednisolone- PGE1. Conversely, complete recovery was achieved in 17 patients out of 20 treated with prednisolone alone. The cumulative cure rate at 4 weeks, 2 months, and 6 months after onset of facial palsy was consistently higher in the prednisolone-PGE1 group than in the prednisolone alone group. Progression of facial after onset was also slower and milder in prednisolone- PGE1 group than that of in the prednisolone alone group. These results suggest that administration of PGE1 prevents Waller's degeneration of the facial nerve by increasing blood flow to the nerve, and consequently improving the outcome in cases of Bell's facial palsy. PGE1 was thought to be potentially beneficial for patients in whom the use of steroids is restricted due to underlying diseases such as diabetes mellitus, peptic ulcer, osteoporosis or infection.
Prognostic value of facial nerve latency and blink reflex in Bell's palsy; Twenty six patients of Bell's palsy, 16 men and 10 women, with the mean age of 27 ± 0.2 years were enrolled for the study. An equal number of age and sex matched normal healthy individuals formed the control group. Clinical assessment and electrophysiological tests like facial nerve latency (FNL), blink reflex (BR), and peripheral nerve conduction studies were done to assess the prognostic value of these electrophysiological tests early in the disease. Clinical severity of weakness in the first week correlated positively with the outcome at 8 weeks. The mean FNL did not bear prognostic relation to the outcome, it being significantly prolonged in both partial and full recovery groups. BR proved to be of prognostic value. Though the amplitudes of various components of BR were low in all patients, significant prolongation of latencies was seen only among those with partial recovery. Nerve conduction studies of peripheral nerves were normal in all the patients. Clinical examination and early blink reflex abnormalities are of prognostic value in Bell's palsy patients.
A case of facial diplegia associated with herpes simplex reactivation; Facial nerve palsy is the commonest cranial neuropathy affecting 40/100,000 people in the Western World but is idiopathic in 50-70% of cases. This report describes a case of recurrent facial nerve palsy in association with herpes simplex virus (HSV) reactivation. HSV may be a major cause of racial nerve palsy. Further research is required to clarify this issue in order that targeted treatment strategies can be developed for this common problem.
Normal reading despite limited eye movements.; Many investigators have demonstrated that poor readers exhibit abnormal eye movements during reading. An association between defective vergence, accommodation, and poor reading skills has also been noted by some investigators. Children who are poor readers have been subjected to therapeutic interventions on the basis of the assumption that improving their eye movements, as part of a multifaceted program of "vision therapy," will yield commensurate improvement in reading performance. This approach has been controversial, and other authors have expressed opposing views. We report the ophthalmologic and reading assessments of two children with Möbius' syndrome who were average to above-average readers despite essentially absent horizontal eye movements.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome associated with eosinophilic pneumonia; A 66-year-old woman was admitted to the hospital because of dry coughing. Ten days before admission, the patient had suffered from facial palsy accompanying otic zoster infection (Ramsay Hunt syndrome). Acyclovir was given, and during the two weeks after admission, the facial palsy resolved completely. The dry coughing worsened, and marked eosinophilia developed (1.930/mm3). A chest roentgenogram and a computed tomogram revealed wandering non-segmental infiltration in the left lung field. Examination of a specimen obtained by transbronchial lung biopsy revealed moderate eosinophilic infiltration into thickened alveolar septa and alveolar spaces. An elevated CD 4/CD 8 ratio (4.12) and a high level of eosinophilic cationic protein (8.730 micrograms/l) were found in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid. Eosinophilic pneumonia was diagnosed. The patients condition improved without medication within one month after the onset of the dry coughing. Laboratory results revealed no parasitic or mycotic infection, and both an acyclovir skin test and a lymphocyte stimulation test were negative, which suggested that the pneumonia had been induced by an allergic reaction to unknown antigens resulting from Th 1/Th 2 imbalance after reactivation of varicella-zoster virus latent in sensory ganglia.
Neurovascular free muscle transfer combined with cross-face nerve grafting for the treatment of facial paralysis in children; Microneurovascular free muscle transfer is fast becoming a standardized procedure in the treatment of established or long-standing facial paralysis. However, there is no general agreement as to whether muscle transfer should be employed for children who still are growing. A patient's natural growth may influence or disturb reproduction of a smile, or a child may not be able to collaborate with postoperative rehabilitation sufficiently well to obtain a satisfactory result. One may hesitate to employ the procedure for children aged under 10 out of fear of its technical difficulties. To investigate the influence of age, the results experienced by 23 patients under the age of 15 who underwent free muscle transfer combined with cross-face nerve grafting were compared with those of adult patients. The treatment employed was a two- stage operation consisting of cross-face nerve grafting and subsequent free muscle transfer.
Treating recurrence of parotid benign pleomorphic adenomas; Treatment for recurrence after surgical removal of parotid benign pleomorphic adenoma (PBPA) has not been well defined and is often followed by further recurrence. Surgery is overwhelmingly the most common approach. The risk of facial nerve injury is greater at reoperation since the nerve is less well defined. The value of radiation therapy (RT) has not been determined and incurs with it the risk of possible late occurrence of malignancy or nerve damage. The charts of patients with recurrent PBPA treated consecutively by a single surgeon from 1965 to 1993 were reviewed. All patients had a histopathologically verified diagnosis of PBPA both at the time of primary and subsequent surgeries. Follow-up was obtained from clinical charts and correspondence communication. Recurrence curves were generated using the Kaplan-Meier method. Thirty-nine patients with recurrent PBPA (36 referred and 3 treated primarily at Mayo) were evaluated. The patients were classified according to the type of surgery: 14 patients had previously undergone some form of parotidectomy or had only resection of the tumor for recurrence, and 25 patients underwent parotidectomy since this had not been performed primarily. The mean age in the two groups was 49 and 50 years respectively. The mean follow-up was 10 years after the recurrence treatment. The mean time between initial resection and recurrence in the two groups was 14 and 15 years. The mean time between the recurrence treatment and a second recurrence was 7.5 years. Nine patients had RT in addition to the local resection. Of this group 3 patients (33%) developed another recurrence. Five patients had local resection only, and of this group 1 patient (20%) developed another recurrence. Of the group that had superficial parotidectomy, 3 patients had additional RT and one of these patients (33%) developed another recurrence. Twenty-two patients had superficial parotidectomy only, and of this group 3 patients (14%) developed another recurrence. Only 2 of the 39 patients had complications. One patient developed Frey's syndrome after superficial parotidectomy and I patient developed facial paralysis after RT. As in other series, the number of patients is inadequate to allow for firm conclusions. However, it appears that when previous parotidectomy has been performed, simple excision with a margin of surrounding tissue would seem appropriate. Parotidectomy should be carried out if not performed previously. In simple excision after previous parotidectomy, there is a greater risk to the facial nerve because of difficulty in distinguishing the facial nerve from surrounding scar tissue. Our preference is to use general anesthesia so that branches of the nerve are not paralyzed and stimulation of the nerve aids in safe dissection. The value of RT is still indeterminate.
Diagnosis of Stroke by the Nonneurologist a validation study; Background and Purpose - The first medical contact of an acute stroke victim is often a nonneurologist. Validation of stroke diagnosis made by these medical doctors is poorly known. The present study seeks to validate the stroke diagnoses made by general practitioners (GPs) and hospital emergency service physicians (ESPs). Methods - Validation through direct interview and examination by a neurologist was performed for diagnoses of stroke made by GPs in patients under their care and doctors working at the emergency departments of 3 hospitals. Results - Validation of the GP diagnosis was confirmed in 44 cases (85%); 3 patients (6%) had transient ischemic attacks and 5 (9%) suffered from noncerebrovascular disorders. Validation of the ESP diagnosis was confirmed in 169 patients (91%); 16 (9%) had a noncerebrovascular diagnosis. Overall, the most frequent conditions misdiagnosed as stroke were neurological in nature (cerebral tumor, 3; subdural hematoma, 1; seizure, 1; benign paroxysmal postural vertigo, 1; peripheral facial palsy, 2; psychiatric condition, 6; and other medical disorders, 7). Conclusions - In the majority of cases, nonneurologists (either GPs or ESPs) can make a correct diagnosis of acute stroke. Treatment of acute stroke with drugs that do not cause serious side effects can be started before evaluation by a neurologist and CT scan.
Evaluating facial paralysis. Expensive diagnostic tests are often unnecessary; In most cases, the cause of facial paralysis can be determined on the basis of the clinical evaluation, and expensive diagnostic tests can be avoided. Because Bell's palsy is not always the cause, physicians need to be able to identify critical findings on history and physical examination that indicate an alternative diagnosis. Once identified, these findings can lead to a specific and directed evaluation.
Isolated voluntary facial paresis due to pontine ischemia; We describe a patient with isolated voluntary facial paresis due to a unilateral lacunar lesion in the contralateral mediodorsal middle base of the pons. Transcranial magnetic stimulation confirmed the involvement of supranuclear corticofacial tract fibers and sparing of the corticolingual and corticospinal connections. This observation demonstrates that the fibers conveying voluntary orofacial activation descend mediodorsally at the level of the middle pons and that the fibers conveying emotional activation may be assumed to converge below this level.
Local excision of the parotid gland in the treatment of Warthin's tumour; The results of local excision of Warthin's tumour in the parotid gland (n = 61) (resection of the tumour together with surrounding normal gland and associated lymph nodes) were compared with those of superficial parotidectomy (n = 88) for incidence of recurrence, duration of operation, and degree of facial deformity. A subgroup of patients in each group were tested for gustatory sweating (iodine starch test) and parotid function (quantitative scintigraphy). Local excision had the following advantages over superficial parotidectomy: shorter operating time, less risk of facial nerve damage, less facial deformity, lower incidence of Frey's syndrome, and better preservation of the function of the parotid gland.
Objective scaling of facial nerve function based on area lysis (OSCAR); An objective scaling of facial nerve function based on area analysis (OSCAR) was developed using the variations of luminance produced by changes of facial expression. The presented method of scaling facial motions has the advantage of being continuous, objective, and reproducible. It is fast and simple to use.
Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring (IFNM) predicts facial nerve outcome after resection of vestibular schwannoma; Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring (IFNM) is a suitable technique for intraoperative facial nerve identification and dissection, especially in large vestibular schwannomas (VS) (acoustic neuroma). To evaluate its feasibility for estimating functional nerve outcome after VS resection 60 patients underwent surgery using IFNM. Out of this group the last 40 patients were included in a prospective study evaluating the prognostic value of various IFNM parameters (proximal and distal absolute EMG amplitude, stimulation threshold, and proximal-to-distal amplitude ratio) for prediction of initial postoperative facial nerve function and recovery of function. Stimulation threshold and absolute EMG amplitude proximally at the brain stem were both predictive for postoperative nerve function. Good initial facial nerve outcome (modified House Brackmann grading, mHB°I and °II) was found in 15/16 patients with a proximal EMG amplitude greater than 800 μV and in 19/22 patients with proximal stimulation threshold less than 0.3 mA. Sixteen of 16 patients with proximal stimulation threshold equal to or greater than 0.3 mA had moderate-to-severe facial palsy (mHB°III or worse). Six of six patients without evokable proximal amplitude initially had insufficient nerve function (mHB°IV). Intraoperative decrease of the proximal amplitude was associated with an unfavourable outcome, whereas distal amplitudes usually stayed unchanged. Mean distal EMG amplitudes were also found to be decreased with poor nerve function, which may mean that the tumour had already affected the nerve. A proximal amplitude of 300 μV or less and a proximal-to-distal amplitude ratio below 1:3 were found in the absence of functional recovery in 6/8 (75%) and 5/6 (83%) patients with initial mHB°IV, respectively. Two patients with initial mHB°IV improved to mHB°III despite intraoperative evidence of missing functional nerve integrity. Therefore, functional recovery cannot be predicted by IFNM in all cases of anatomical nerve preservation. We conclude that a minimum follow-up period of 1 year may still be advisable even in certain patients without evidence of intraoperative functional nerve integrity.
Tuberculous otitis media complicated with Bezold's abscess - Case report; Tuberculous Otitis Media is a treatable disease of low incidence. However, early detection is difficult because the symptoms and signs are usually nonspecific. The diagnosis thus depends on a high index of suspicion of this disease, and histological examination of the pathological tissue is necessary in making it correct. Chemotherapy is enough but surgery should be added if complicated with acute mastoiditis, suspected cholesteatoma, facial palsy, labyrinthitis, fistula formation, or extension of the infection into the central nervous system. In this paper we reported a 45-year-old male, who had tuberculous otitis media complicated with Bezold's abscess. Initially modified radical mastoidectomy and drainage of the neck absces were performed. Postoperatively anti-tuberculous chemotherapy was givern for six months. The ear and the neck lesion healed without further complication.
Bell's palsy; The etiology of acute idiopathic peripheral facial palsy (Bell's palsy) remains to be clarified. Methods of the treatment of Bell's palsy currently advocated include observation alone, steroids, surgical decompression, and antiviral agents. The use of steroids in Bell's palsy was first proposed in a case report by Rothendler (1951). Since then, steroids has become the most common treatment for the Bell's palsy. However, there has been some controversy over steroids treatment. Surgical therapy has been even more controversial. Stennert (1981) reported excellent cure rates (96%) for Bell's palsy treated with high doses of steroids. Several reports supported the effectiveness of high dose steroids treatment. In this paper, it is advocated that use of high dose steroids is the first choice treatment for severe Bell's palsy.
A modified surgical technique in the treatment of facial nerve palsies; The ophthalmic complications associated with facial nerve palsy present a challenging problem to the treating ophthalmologist. Over the last hundred years, a wide variety of techniques have been used to rehabilitate patients with facial nerve palsy. Each of these techniques is associated with unique complications. We describe a significantly modified surgical technique for the rehabilitation of patients with facial nerve palsy that has not, to our knowledge, previously appeared in the literature.
Lyme disease with facial nerve palsy: Rapid diagnosis using a nested polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis; A 64-year-old woman with Lyme disease and manifesting facial nerve palsy had been bitten by a tick on the left frontal scalp 4 weeks previously. Erythema migrans appeared on the left forehead, accompanied by left facial paralysis. Nested polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis (nested PCR-RFLP) was performed on DNA extracted from a skin biopsy of the erythema on the left forehead. Borrelia flagellin gene DNA was detected and its RFLP pattern indicated that the organism was B. garinii. Five weeks later, B. garinii was isolated by conventional culture from the erythematous skin lesion, but not from the cerebrospinal fluid. After treatment with ceftriaxone intravenously for 10 days and oral administration of minocycline for 7 days, both the erythema and facial nerve palsy improved significantly. Nested PCR and culture taken after the lesion subsided, using skin samples obtained from a site adjacent to the original biopsy, were both negative. We suggest that nested PCR-RFLP analysis might be useful for the rapid diagnosis of Lyme disease and for evaluating therapy.
Bilateral facial palsy caused by bilateral masked mastoiditis; Acquired simultaneous bilateral facial palsy caused by bilateral masked mastoiditis in a 25-month-old girl is reported. After the administration of antibiotics for 10 days for treatment of bilateral acute otitis media, overt signs of otitis media diminished as bilateral facial palsy ensued. For diagnosis of masked mastoiditis, brain magnetic resonance imaging was of significant value in our case. The findings in this case suggest that masked mastoiditis should be considered as a cause of bilateral facial palsy, as well as unilateral facial palsy.
Use of the disposable stapler to insure proper fixation of a transferred muscle in treatment of facial paralysis; The authors introduce the use of a disposable stapler to create a stable muscle end in transferring a free neurovascular muscle segment for the treatment of facial paralysis. This procedure allows the firm fixation of the fragile soft end of a muscle transferred to the nasolabial region of a paralyzed face, and avoids adhesion and tethering of the muscle end to the skin, which may result in inaccurate positioning of a newly-created nasolabial fold and an asymmetrical smile. Transection and hemostasis at both ends of the harvested muscle segment also can be achieved simultaneously. Although the disposable stapler incurs additional cost, it can greatly improve the result of a free neurovascular muscle transfer for the treatment of facial paralysis, as well as simplify harvesting of the muscle segment. No complications and problems have been encountered in stapling the muscle.
Antinuclear antibody negative systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as bilateral facial paralysis; Cranial neuropathy, and particularly facial palsy, is a rare occurrence in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). We describe a 16-year- old female who developed bilateral facial palsy concomitant with cutaneous bullous eruption, alopecia, mucosal ulcers, arthritis, lymphadenopathy, parotid enlargement, and proteinuria. The lack of positive antinuclear antibody (ANA) at presentation obscured the diagnosis. Her followup course clarified the diagnosis of SLE. We believe this is the first report of ANA negative SLE presenting as bilateral facial palsy.
An abnormality of facial nerve conduction velocity distribution (FNCVD) in Bell's palsy patients; We studied bilateral facial nerve conduction velocity distribution (FNCVD) of 8 Bell's palsy patients in their paretic and recovered state and unilateral FNCVD of 13 normal control using collision method. Dual supramaximal stimuli were adapted to marginalis mandibulae branch of facial nerve and compound muscle action potential (CMAP) was recorded from the surface of mentalis muscles. Peak of FNCVD in normal control was present at 22-23m/sec. In Bell's palsy patients, there was no significant change in FNCVD either at paretic or recovery state. Peak of involved side FNCVD of Bell's palsy patient was almost normal but its amplitude was low. However, in healthy side of Bell's palsy patient, peak of FNCVD was present at 18- 19m/sec. This finding shows that facial nerve diameter distribution in the healthy side of Bell's palsy patient has smaller peak than that of normal control.
A clinical algorithm for the management of facial nerve palsy from an oculoplastic perspective; Background/Aims. Facial nerve palsy can be a sight-threatening complication. We have developed a flow diagram to aid in the management of these patients so that conceal complications may be avoided. This involves the recognition of a facial palsy and institution of treatment as guided by the flow chart. Method. Fifty-six patients suffered a facial nerve palsy following acoustic neuroma surgery. All received regular topical ocular lubrication, followed by either botulinum toxin A (BTXA)-induced ptosis (if conceal exposure developed despite conservative treatment) or definitive eyelid surgery. Results. Twenty-one patients required regular lubrication only. Of these patients treated for corneal exposure, 20 received BTXA with good resulting corneal cover. Unfortunately, 9 of these suffered diplopia, although in 4 this resolved quickly. Twenty-four patients underwent a total of 64 eyelid procedures including levator recession, lateral tarsorraphy, lateral canthal sling, medial canthoplasty and gold weight insertion. All patients had good corneal cover post-operatively and were cosmetically improved. Of the 56 patients with a facial nerve palsy, 7 presented with a corneal epithelial defect or an infected conceal ulcer. These all responded to treatment with BTXA, topical antibiotics and/or lubrication, and eyelid surgery. Conclusions. Post-operative facial palsy may result in a significant ophthalmic workload. Although a proportion of patients with a facial nerve palsy manage well with regular lubrication, additional help with eyelid closure, either in the way of BTXA-induced ptosis in the short term or definitive eyelid surgery in the long term, is often required. Eyelid surgery seems to be the mainstay of treatment, for both function and cosmesis, with many patients requiring a combination of procedures.
Extrapontine myelinolysis caused by electrolyte imbalance during the management of suprasellar germ cell tumors: Report of two cases; Extrapontine myelinolysis (EPM) is caused by marked fluctuation of the serum electrolyte level. Patients with suprasellar germ cell tumors frequently present with diabetes insipidus, which is often aggravated by administration of steroid hormone. In addition, cisplatin-based chemotherapy is sometimes accompanied by marked serum electrolyte fluctuation because it needs massive hydration to prevent renal damage. Two children with suprasellar germ cell tumors in whom EPM developed secondary to profound hyponatremia and was rapidly corrected are described. The central pons was spared in both cases. Clinically the children showed transient neurological deficits including confusion, pseudobulbar palsy, and deterioration of consciousness. MRI demonstrated bilateral symmetrical, high-signal-intensity (HSI) lesions on T2-weighted images (T2WI) at the basal ganglia and adjacent cerebral cortex. Follow-up T1WI a few months later revealed newly developed HSI lesions in the basal ganglia. The patients gradually improved, but the neurological deficits did not completely disappear. During the perioperative management of suprasellar germ cell tumors. EPM should be considered when a patient has a significant electrolyte imbalance and neurological deficits, especially confusion and pseudobulbar palsy.
Contribution of parotid gland ultrasonography to the diagnosis of Lyme's disease in patients with facial palsy; Uni- or bilateral facial palsy is the most common neurologic manifestation of Lyme's disease and can occur as the first or only symptom. Early treatment avoids progression to the third stage of Lyme's disease. Two cases of Lyme's disease with facial palsy and lymphocytic meningitis in children aged 6 and 10 years, respectively, are reported. In both patients, ultrasonography of the neck demonstrated enlarged lymph nodes in the parotid glands and posterior neck, which were not felt on palpation. Ultrasonography of the parotid gland can help to make the diagnosis of Lyme's disease in children with acquired nontrauma-related facial palsy.
Lyme borreliosis; Lyme borreliosis in childhood is a tick-borne disease that includes a variety of clinical symptoms in different organs. Most frequently dermatological manifestations such as erythema migrans and borrelial lymphocytoma are observed. Uni- or bilateral peripheral facial palsy and meningitis with lymphocytic pleocytosis represent typical symptoms of neuroborreliosis. Lyme arthritis occurs as an acute or chronic manifestation that should only be diagnosed after careful consideration of other causes of arthritis in childhood. After clinical and/or laboratory diagnosis of Lyme borreliosis, systemic antibiotic treatment should be initiated. Oral treatment with amoxicillin can be recommended for the treatment of erythema migrans and borrelial lymphocytoma. In contrast, the intravenous administration of 3rd generation cephalosporins is indicated for all generalized manifestations including facial palsy, meningitis, arthritis or involvement of other organ systems. Lyme borreliosis in childhood is characterized by a good prognosis. At the present time, many efforts are given to the development of vaccines using subunits of the different genospecies of Borrelia burgdorferi. First clinical trials with Lyme borreliosis vaccines have been started.
Neuroborreliosis during relapsing fever: Review of the clinical manifestations, pathology, and treatment of infections in humans and experimental animals; The spirochetal disease relapsing fever is caused by different Borrelia species. Relapsing fever is well recognized as an infection of the blood, but little is known about its predilection for the nervous system and the eyes. To investigate neurological and ocular involvement during relapsing fever, we reviewed the clinical manifestations, pathology, and treatment of relapsing fever of humans and experimental animals. The results indicate that Borrelia turicatae and Borrelia duttonii, the agents of tick-borne relapsing fever in southwestern North America and sub-Saharan Africa, respectively, cause neurological involvement as often as Borrelia burgdorferi in Lyme disease. Evidence of this is the frequent occurrence of lymphocytic meningitis and peripheral facial palsy in human disease; the identification of spirochetes in the brain and other nervous tissues of humans, animals, and arthropod vectors; and the persistence of brain infection after treatment with antibiotics that do not readily penetrate the blood-brain barrier.
Listeria monocytogenes rhomboencephalitis with cranial-nerve palsies: a case report.; Listeria monocytogenes rhomboencephalitis is an uncommon complication of L. monocytogenes meningitis. It presents in a typical biphasic pattern characterized by a non-specific prodromal period followed by any combination of asymmetrical, cranial-nerve palsies; cerebellar signs; hemiparesis or hypesthesia; and diminished consciousness. The survival rate is greater than 70% when appropriate antibiotic therapy is initiated early. However, approximately 60 percent of the survivors develop neurological sequelae. We present the case of a 33-year-old woman who developed L. monocytogenes meningitis with subsequent rhomboencephalitis and cranial-nerve palsie, and review the literature on this syndrome.
Facial paralysis. Neuro-muscular reconstruction techniques; Several surgical procedures have been proposed through the years for the treatment of facial paralysis. The multiplicity and diversity of techniques portray the complexity and challenge represented by this pathology. Two basic dynamic options are available: -Reconstruction of nerve continuity through direct micro suture, with interposition grafts or nerve transpositions. -Regional muscular transposition, most often using the temporalis. Facial reanimation with the temporalis transfer has withstood the test of time and still is a reference technique. In a few weeks, good results can be obtained with a single and rather simple surgical procedure. Functional free flaps have been used with increasing frequency in the last two decades, most often combining a cross-facial nerve graft followed by a gracilis free flap nine months later. With this method there is a potential for restoration of spontaneous facial mimetic function. Apparently there is a limit in microsurgical technique and expertise beyond which there is no clear improvement in nerve regeneration. Current research is now actively studying and identifying nerve growth factors and pharmacological agents that might have an important and complementary role in the near future.
Development of facial palsy during immunoadsorption plasmapheresis in Miller Fisher syndrome: A clinical report of two cases; Immunoadsorption plasmapheresis (IAP) using a tryptophan linked gel column has been shown to effectively remove serum IgG anti-GQ1b antibody which may contribute to the pathogenesis of Miller Fisher syndrome. Two patients are reported on with Miller Fisher syndrome, who developed bilateral facial palsy during IAP using a tryptophan column, while ophthalmoplegia, ataxia, and, areflexia were improving. In these patients, the titre of anti-GQ1b antibodies was reduced. The IAP using a tryptophan column has a beneficial effect on Miller Fisher syndrome but may not inhibit the development of facial palsy. The mechanism of such a dissociated effect of IAP on Miller Fisher syndrome is discussed.
Facial nerve paralysis during pregnancy; We have been confronted in our centre with numerous cases of Bell's palsy in the pregnant patient. The aetiology of this lesion is discussed. A typical case is exposed.
Treatment of idiopathic facial paralysis; Current drug treatment of Bell's palsy often consists of prednisone for patients with a complete paralysis. Since it was demonstrated that herpes simplex plays a role in the pathogenesis of Bell's palsy, antiviral therapy may become the treatment of choice. Six randomized controlled trials comparing prednisone with placebo have been performed: four of them did not conform to the criteria for good clinical trials. The remaining two trials did not demonstrate therapeutic efficacy of prednisone. A recently published randomized controlled trial comparing prednisone and acyclovir with prednisone and placebo showed a statistically significant and clinically important superiority of the combination therapy. This trial, however, also had methodological flaws and its results should be interpreted with caution. In our opinion, further evidence is needed before acyclovir should be given routinely to patients with Bell's palsy.
Blood coagulation activity during microsurgery; The authors investigated blood coagulation activity in patients who underwent microsurgery. Hemostatic parameters were measured in 9 patients (10 operations) who were undergoing free tissue transfers. These parameters included prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), fibrinopeptide A (FPA), prothrombin fragment 1 + 2 (F1 + 2), and thrombin- antithrombin complex (TAT). The flap totally necrosed owing to vasospasm in 1 patient with osteomyelitis of the heel, and the FPA, F1 + 2, and TAT values significantly increased. Reexploration was required because of flap cyanosis in 1 patient with a hemangioma on the wrist, and the F1 + 2 and TAT values increased during the salvage procedure. These molecular markers could be important in indicating hypercoagulable state sensitivity, and they serve as a warning of possible vascular compromise to a surgeon.
Rate and extent of early axonal degeneration of the human facial nerve; Electrophysiologic and histologic studies on a severed human facial nerve have shown that 1) response to stimulation by electroneuronography was lost on the sixth day following injury, 2) wallerian degeneration progressed in a nonuniform 'front,' leaving some of the distal stump axons still viable and responsive to intraoperative stimulation 2 days following injury, and 3) the extent of proximal retrograde degeneration was far greater than to the next node of Ranvier. These findings are discussed in light of the current knowledge regarding peripheral nerve degeneration, and explanations are suggested.
A case of Wegener's granulomatosis complicated by diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.; Wegener's granulomatosis is a distinct form of necrotizing granulomatous vasculitis which usually affects the kidneys and the upper and lower respiratory tracts. Unusual manifestations have also been reported, and these include colitis, urethritis and diabetes insipidus. We describe a case of Wegener's granulomatosis which presented with rapidly progressive renal insufficiency, sudden deafness, red eye, facial palsy, and complicated by uncommon manifestations that were diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Surgical treatment of pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland. Apropos of 192 cases; Tumors of the salivary glands are exceptional, representing approximately 2% of head and neck tumors. The parotid gland is most often involved, at a frequency reaching 80%. Histology examination generally shows a pleomorphous adenoma. The choice of a surgical technique best adapted to curative treatment depends on the type of tumor and is widely debated. Our management strategy is based on simultaneous histology examination and superficial parotidectomy. Several pre and intra-operative factors determine the need for resection. We verified our strategy with a retrospective study.
Corneal ulcer associated with deposits of norfloxacin; PURPOSE: To report a case of corneal ulcer associated with deposits of norfloxacin. METHOD: Case report. A 40-year-old man with right trigeminal and facial nerve palsies and decreased tear secretion developed a corneal ulcer with white deposits in the right eye. The deposits were removed and analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: High-performance liquid chromatography results disclosed that the deposits on the corneal surface had the same retention time as norfloxacin. The patient discontinued norfloxacin ophthalmic solution and recovered successfully. CONCLUSION: Clinicians should be aware that frequent applications of topical norfloxacin in patients with decreased tear secretion may result in deposition of the drug on the cornea.
Clinical manifestations of mutations in the neurofibromatosis type 2 gene in vestibular schwannomas (acoustic neuromas); Vestibular schwannomas (acoustic neuromas) continue to cause significant facial nerve and hearing morbidity, despite marked improvement in diagnosis and treatment. Mutation of a tumor-suppressor gene on human chromosome 22 has been found to be associated with vestibular schwannoma formation. The central hypothesis of this study is that specific mutations in the neurofibromatosis type 2 (NF2) gene may produce specific clinical characteristics or phenotypic expressions. The purposes of this investigation are: 1. to determine what proportion of vestibular schwannomas from patients with spontaneous unilateral and familial bilateral schwannomas have mutations present within the NF2 gene; 2. to determine whether specific types of mutations are associated with a specific clinical manifestation of this disease; and 3. to further define the relationship between newly discovered mutations within the NF2 tumor-suppressor gene and possible clinical applications of this knowledge to advance diagnosis and treatment of patients with NF2 and spontaneous vestibular schwannomas. DNA from 61 schwannomas (29 unilateral vestibular schwannomas and 32 from patients with bilateral vestibular schwannomas [NF2]) were examined, and 33 unique mutations were identified. Significant differences were found in the frequency, distribution, and type of mutation between the NF2 schwannomas and the spontaneous vestibular schwannomas. Three clinical subtypes of NF2 were identified. In tumors from 28 patients, no mutations were identified. Of the 33 mutations identified in the NF2 gene, 30 were likely to result in loss of tumor-suppressor function from protein truncation; however, three milder mutations termed missense mutations were associated with milder clinical manifestations of the disease and had a slower estimated growth rate. Variable clinical presentation in patients whose tumors had severe or truncating types of mutations suggest that factors in addition to the mutation class are likely to be responsible for a portion of the clinical expression of disease. New diagnostic options are now available for NF2 that will improve the likelihood of hearing and facial nerve preservation and ultimately have significant impact on the management of vestibular schwannomas.
Surgical outcomes of paediatric cochlear implantation: The hospital for sick children's experience; Objective: Cochlear implantation in children represents a special challenge for the otologist because of such as skull dimensions and postimplantation temporal bone growth. As implant programs accrue increasing numbers of surgical factors relating to outcomes can be analyzed. Method: A retrospective study was performed of all children receiving a cochlear implant from January 1990 through May 1997 at The Hospital for Sick Children (HSC). The surgical procedure as well as the complications encountered examined. Fifty two children, 28 females (54%) and 24 males (46%) were implanted. Results: Overall, the average age at time of implantation was 7.0 years (range, 1.9-17.3 yr). The presumed cause of was acquired in five children (10%) and congenital in the remaining 47 patients (90%). A recognized syndrome was associated with the hearing loss in only three patients. There were two minor complications (3.8%) and two major complications (3.8%) with an overall complication rate of 7.6%. There were no episodes of device or electrode migration. Two surgical innovations are also discussed: 1) a new periosteal flap design which decreases device mobility, and 2) a new technique for electrode fixation (NED's knot). Conclusion: The HSC experience represents the largest paediatric cochlear implant series in Canada. The findings indicate that the procedure is safe and is associated with infrequent morbidity.
Obstetric anesthesia for fifteen women with myasthenia gravis; OBJECTIVES. To report our experience in managing anesthesia during obstetric delivery of women with myasthenia gravis (MG) and to review the anesthetic technique of choice for vaginal or cesarean delivery in such cases. PATIENTS AND METHODS. Fifteen pregnancies in 12 patients were recorded between 1980 and 1996; 14 cases were documented. Disease course during pregnancy, delivery and postpartum, the course of pregnancy, the presence of severe neonatal myasthenia and anesthetic treatment during vaginal or cesarean delivery were analyzed. RESULTS. Improvement in MG was observed in 6 cases. No change was seen in 4 patients and 3 worsened. In one woman generalized MG debuted 15 days after delivery. Two neonates were premature and a third suffered severe neonatal myasthenia. Six vaginal deliveries were aided by forceps; 8 deliveries were by cesarean and 1 fetus was aborted. Lumbar epidural anesthesia was employed in 73.33% (5 vaginal deliveries and 6 cesareans) and general anesthesia in 26.66% (1 abortion, 1 vaginal delivery and 2 cesareans). CONCLUSIONS. Continuous lumbar epidural anesthesia is the technique of choice for vaginal as well as cesarean deliveries. The combination of opioids and local anesthetics is considered particularly beneficial for patients, as it allows the motor blockade to be decreased. General anesthesia is only indicated when there is bulbar involvement. Short-acting non depolarizing agents, among them atracurium Besilate, are the muscle relaxants of choice. Succinylcholine is contraindicated. Thanks to current optimization of anesthetic and recovery techniques and administration of non depolarizing muscle relaxants with neuromuscular monitoring, the prognosis for pregnant MG patients has improved considerably.
Nervous system Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a multisystem infectious disease caused by tick-borne spirochetes of the Borrelia burgdorferi group. The disease occurs primarily in specific areas of North America, Europe and Asia, reflecting the distribution of the hard-shelled lxodes ticks that are required for disease transmission. Diagnosis of this infection can be somewhat problematic, although in clinically appropriate settings, serologic testing can be highly useful, particularly if Western blots are used to confirm borderline or positive results. The organism has several specific organotropisms- involvement of the heart, joints and nervous system being particularly common. The nervous system can be involved in one or more ways. Early in infection, patients tend to get a lymphocytic meningitis, cranial neuritis (particularly the facial nerves) or a painful radiculitis. Rarely, an encephalomyelitis can occur. In patients with more protracted and indolent involvement, a more disseminated mononeuropathy multiplex may occur, or a mild, non-focal alteration of cognitive function and memory, i.e. an encephalopathy. In patients with central nervous system involvement, the most sensitive diagnostic test is the demonstration of intrathecal production of anti-Borrelia burgdorferi antibody. Culture, polymerase chain reaction and other techniques appear to be less specific. In most instances, the disease is quite responsive to antimicrobial therapy. Oral treatment with doxycycline has been shown to be effective in meningitis. In more serious cases two to four week courses of parenteral ceffriaxone or cefotaxime are effective in the vast majority of patients.
The clarion multi-strategy cochlear implant surgical technique, complications, and results: A single institutional experience; Objective: This study aimed to review a single institution's experience with Clarion Multi-Strategy Cochlear Implant with respect to surgical technique, surgical complications, and rehabilitative outcome. Study Design: This study was a review of patients implanted with the Clarion Multi-Strategy Cochlear Implant. Setting: The setting was a tertiary referral center with care delivered in the inpatient and outpatient environment. Patients: The first 37 patients were implanted under an Investigational Device Exemption as part of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clinical trial of the Clarion implant. Subsequent patients were implanted after the device received FDA approval. Patients met the following criteria for implantation: 18 years of age or older, psychological and emotional stability, profound postlingual deafness without evidence of middle ear disease, one cochlea at least partially patent, and marginal or no benefit from conventional hearing aids. Intervention: Patients received implantation with the Clarion Multi-Strategy Cochlear Implant. Main Outcome Measures: Measured were presence or absence of surgical complications and auditory performance with open- and closed-set word and sentence recognition testing. Results: A total of 47 patients have been implanted. Three patients have suffered complications: two cases of delayed-onset facial palsy both resolved with steroid therapy and one case of internal cochlear stimulator migration required refixation. Significant improvement in speech understanding has been seen in the majority of patients who were implanted within the first 6 months of device use. Specifically, at 6 months, scores on CID (Central Institute for the Deaf) sentences (implant alone) improved from a preoperative mean of 9% to a mean of 72%, and scores on the NU-6 (Northwestern University) monosyllabic word test increased from a preoperative mean of 3% (range, 0-20%) to a mean of 32% (range, 0-70%). More than two thirds (68%) of the adults were able to understand at least 50% of sentences over the telephone, and half were able to understand at least 75% of the sentence material. Conclusions: The authors' institutional experience with the Clarion Multi-Strategy Cochlear Implant shows minimal surgical morbidity and significant improvement on all open-set test measures of sentence and word recognition.
The isolated paresis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve: Clinical appearance, causes, diagnosis, and therapy. An overview; Background: Disorders of lower lip in facial expression are mostly caused by functional impairment of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve. In a typical case, active exposure of the incisors of the mandible is not possible and the lip appears distorted towards the healthy side. The most frequent cause of a lesion of the marginal mandibular branch is iatrogenic injury during operations in the mandibular or parotid region. Differential diagnosis: Functional disorders of the platysma, congenital hypoplasia or aplasia of the lower lip muscles, and defective healing following facial palsy may lead to a similar disorder which, however, must be differentiated from an isolated paralysis of the marginal mandibular branch. Treatment: In addition to inactivation of the nerve branch on the opposite side, several surgical procedures have been described to achieve not only aesthetic, but also functional rehabilitation of lower lip expression. The present review gives an overview on the causes, clinical appearance, diagnosis, differential diagnosis, and therapy of unilateral isolated paresis of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve.
Lacrimal testing with 0.25% fluorescein benoxinate (Fluress); Purpose. A modified Jones test was used to determine if multiple drops of 0.25% fluorescein/benoxinate (Fluress) could replace one drop of 2% sodium fluorescein for Jones testing. Results. In Group I, one drop of 2% sodium fluorescein passed faster than three drops of 0.25% Fluress (P=0.024). In Group II, no statistical difference was noted using one drop of 2% sodium fluorescein or six drops of 0.25% Fluress (P=0.2787). Conclusions. Six drops of fluorescein/benoxinate instilled over five minutes may be used for modifoed Jones testing. Individuals less than 50 years of age appear to have more rapid lacrimal transit times.
Charge association: An update and review for the primary pediatrician; CHARGE association is a nonrandom pattern of congenital anomalies that occurs together more frequently than one would expect on the basis of chance. This common multiple anomaly condition has an estimated prevalence of 1:10,000. The number of children diagnosed with CHARGE association is increasing, owing presumably to greater awareness of this condition and advances in the care of complex, chronically ill children, resulting in improved survival and outcome. This review of CHARGE association presents diagnostic criteria that may define a concise, recognizable syndrome with a single pathogenetic basis. This review also summarizes our current understanding of the management for this complex and chronic multiple congenital anomaly condition and discusses the pathogenetic basis for this condition.
Treatment of benign parotid gland tumors: Individually adapted or standardized radical surgery?; Background: Several authors demand emphatically that the minimal operative procedure in benign parotid gland tumors has to be a superficial parotidectomy. Material: Of a consecutive series of 372 patients with benign parotid tumors treated in our department between 1973-1996 81% of the patients could be followed up 1-24 years. In 10.9% a total parotidectomy was performed, in 16% a lateral parotidectomy and in 73.1% a simple extirpation of the tumor (often taking away a small margin of surrounding parotid parenchyma). The operating microscope and microsurgical techniques were used in all of these operations. Results: Of all the followed-up patients 2.3% developed a recurrence. There were no recurrences of cystadenolymphomas or of rare types of adenomas. Recurrences of primary treated pleomorphic adenomas occurred in 3.0%. In recurrent pleomorphic adenomas a further recurrence could be seen in 7.4% of the cases. The over-all incidence of permanent facial nerve weakness was 2.1%: 0.7% after extirpation, 3.3% after lateral parotidectomy and 9.7% after total parotidectomy. We observed in 6.3% a gustatory sweating. Conclusion: Our data prove that with simple extirpation similar results compared to lateral parotidectomy can be achieved concerning recurrence, function of the facial nerve and the Frey's syndrome. We suggest a surgical management adapted to the extent, the size and the location of the parotid gland tumors. In our opinion lateral or total parotidectomy should be reserved for tumors of larger amount or deep located tumors.
Parotid and submandibular sialadenitis treated by salivary gland excision; Background: The purpose of the present study was to compare and contrast the clinicopathological features and treatment outcome of chronic sialadenitis involving the parotid and submandibular glands, among patients who were treated by excision of the affected gland. Methods: In a series of 88 patients treated over an 8-year period, 47 had parotid sialadenitis and 41 had submandibular sialadenitis. In the parotid group, 63% of patients were symptomatic for longer than 6 months compared with 27% in the submandibular group. Calculi were implicated in the disease process in 24% of patients with parotid sialadenitis, compared with 73% of patients with submandibular disease. Results: Patients with parotid sialadenitis had superficial (n = 14) or near-total parotidectomy (n = 35), while those with submandibular sialadenitis underwent total gland excision. Complications occurred twice as frequently in the parotidectomy group. The rate of temporary facial nerve weakness was 29% after parotidectomy while marginal mandibular nerve dysfunction occurred after 12% of submandibular excisions. Both procedures were highly effective in permanently relieving the symptoms of sialadenitis. Conclusions: Parotid sialadenitis is infrequently associated with stones and tends to run a longer course before surgical intervention is necessary. Submandibular sialadenitis usually presents earlier, is secondary to calculi and requires early intervention.
Effect of corrective make-up training on patients with facial nerve paralysis; Two women who suffered from facial nerve paralysis following surgical resection of a posterior fossa tumor were instructed by an expert beautician in the application of make-up to correct their facial imbalances. The results of a personality assessment administered before and after instruction showed positive changes including reductions in depression and feelings of inferiority. Postoperative restoration of normal facial appearance and recovery of physiologic function are related and important concerns to patients. It is noteworthy that daily use of simple low-cost make-up techniques can significantly reduce the 'psychological load' of patients with facial paralysis during the recovery period.
Effects of Sai-rei-to in the treatment of facial nerve paralysis; Sai-rei-to is believed to have steroid-like properties, and is often used to reduce the amount of steroids prescribed to patients. In facial nerve paralysis, steroids are often used to reduce the amount of edema in the area of the damaged nerve. We have noted Sai-rei-to's steroid-like properties, and thus investigated whether recovery from facial nerve paralysis can be explained when this drugs is used in combination with steroid during periods when the dosage of the steroid is being reduced. Moreover, we administered Sai-rei-to to those patients unable to receive steroids due to complications in order to assess whether it can produce effects similar to steroids. In patients with facial nerve paralysis, we provided a regular intravenous drip and administered the steroids orally, and then used Tsumura Sai-rei-to in combination during those periods of steroid reduction. This regimen increased the rate of improvement from the paralysis. We also gave Sairei-to to patients suffering from steroid-related complications during the course of their treatment, and observed remarkable improvements thereafter.
An unusual clinical course of Wegener's granulomatosis; Background: Wegener's granulomatosis is an immunepathogenic disease of unknown origin. The histopathological picture shows granulomatous inflammation with epitheloid cells, granulomas, and general vasculitis. The diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis is made on the basis of the clinical picture, serum cANCA, and histologic examination of biopsies. Patient: We present the case of a 57-year-old white male patient who was admitted to our ENT Hospital with a six weeks' history of otalgia and incomplete ipsilateral facial palsy since the day before admission. The patient had clinical features of acute otitis media without signs of mastoiditis. Despite a ten days' course of intravenous antibiotic treatment, the intensity of facial palsy progressed and the general condition of the patient worsened. A mastoidectomy and decompression of the facial nerve were performed, demonstrating sclerosis of the mastoid cells. Three weeks after release from the hospital, the patient was admitted again with recurrent fever, cephalea, loss of weight, and arthritic pain. There were no signs of recurrent otitis media or mastoiditis, and sigmoid sinus thrombosis was ruled out. Even under aggressive, intravenous antibiotic treatment the general physical condition continued to worsen; septic temperatures and signs of beginning renal failure occurred. The patient was transferred to the ICU with the diagnosis of sepsis of unknown origin. There bloodtests were positive for cANCA, which is highly specific for Wegener's granulomatosis. Under therapy with cyclophosphamide and IV corticosteroid, the patient recovered within 14 days. Conclusion: The lack of symptoms in the upper respiratory tract in our patient was unusual, indicating that in patients with recurrent otitis media, facial palsy, mastoiditis, or external otitis Wegener's granulomatosis should be ruled out as differential diagnosis.
Electrical and magnetic stimulation techniques for the diagnosis of facial nerve palsy and hemifacial spasm; Electro-physiological tests are mainly performed for prognostic purposes in patients with facial nerve palsies. Most facial nerve lesions are located intracranially. Therefore, electrical stylomastoidal stimulation provides normal results until Wallerian degeneration has occurred. The technique of magnetic stimulation allows non-invasive examination of the entire facial nerve and contributes substantially to the early differential diagnosis of facial palsies. Bell's palsy patients typically show a unilateral local hypoexcitability of the facial nerve to canalicular magnetic stimulation. Normal canalicular excitability and/or subclinical involvement of the contralateral side are not compatible with Bell's palsy. In this case further examinations (e.g. lumbar puncture, magnet resonance imaging) have to be performed. Blink reflex studies also supply pathological results from the beginning of the palsy, however, do not allow location of the lesion. Therefore, blink reflex studies are not helpful in the differential diagnosis of facial nerve palsies. In patients with hemifacial spasm the blink reflex shows a synkinetic response in the mentalis muscle indicating lateral spread of impulses to other fibers in the facial nerve. Selective stimulation of facial nerve branches (e.g. zygomatic and mandibular branch) reveal pathognomonic findings in hemifacial spasm by bidirectional transmission of antidromic impulses between the two branches resulting in delayed (ephaptic) responses.
Otitis media: Pathogenesis and medical sequelae; Eustachian tube abnormalities are a primary determinant of otitis media. Other determinants include vital infections and local and systemic immune deficiencies, which predispose to superimposed bacterial disease. Local infection induces inflammation, which can be exacerbated by the presence of antibiotics. The degree of inflammation determines the extent of damage and the oedema and histological damage correlate with the white blood cell count and not the bacterial count. Local sequelae include recurrent or persistent acute otitis media, recurrent or chronic otitis media with effusion and chronic suppurative otitis media. Other local sequelae include occasional perforation of the tympanic membrane, sensorineural hearing loss, acute serous labyrinthitis, and facial palsy, which can occur associated with the course of the facial nerve across the middle ear. Acute otitis media can lead to persistent loss of a significant amount of sensorineural hearing after treatment and resolution of the effusion. Damage is usually very mild or nonexistent in the speech frequency ranges, but detectable if high frequency audiometry is performed. Studies in otitis media with effusion have shown a mild association between its presence and speech and language development in children under the age of 4 years. But also in older children, there is a continued association between otitis media with effusion, affecting expressive language development, reading skills and behavior. Therefore physicians have a major responsibility in managing otitis media.
Recurrent benign parotid tumours: The lesson not learnt yet?; Background: To study the behaviour of recurrent benign parotid tumours, recurrence characteristics and problems faced with the removal of these lesions. Methods: We reviewed the charts of the work of a single surgeon between 1971 and 1996. Results: There were 24 patients (13 women, 11 men) with a mean age of 44 years at re-operation. Mean follow-up period was 10 years (range 1-22 years). There were 21 recurrent pleomorphic adenomas, two monomorphic adenomas and one patient with recurrent oncocytoma. Nine patients had solitary recurrence with a mean size of 14 mm, 15 patients had multiple recurrences with a mean size of 8 mm. There was malignant transformation of a previously benign lump in one patient. Three patients presented with a second or third recurrence. Overall facial nerve paralysis was 53% (38% temporary and 15% permanent). Frey's syndrome occurred in four patients (17%). Conclusions: Recurrent benign parotid tumours are uncommon if superficial parotidectomy (SP) is the performed initially; recurrence rates are between 0-4%. The recurrences are usually slow growing and require lengthy follow- up. Pre-operative diagnosis of a lump in the region of previous excision is useful in treatment planning. Malignant transformation in previous benign lump should be considered and fine needle aspiration biopsy may help in diagnosis. Facial nerve injury is more likely if the tumour is deep, in multiple sites or involves extensive scar tissue. Radiotherapy is controversial, it should be considered if there has been tumour spillage following re-operation.
An autopsy case of Wegener's granulomatosis with pachymeningitis; A 61-year-old woman presented with high fever, headache and left facial palsy with diplopia. Histopathological examination of the biosied specimens taken from nasal mucosa and kidney revealed a granulomatous angiitis with giant cell infiltration. Ga-DTPA-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a thickening of dura mater in the middle cranial fossa and tentorium cerebelli. The observed left facial and occulomotor palsy was considered to be caused by pachymeningitis associated with Wegener's granulomatosis (WG). Cyclophosphamide combined with prednisolone effectively improved the symptoms. However, the patient died of acute interstitial pneumonitis, presumably caused by cyclophosphamide. The pathohistology obtained in the autopsy revealed a fibrous thickening of the dura mater in the left meningen with a segmental scarring of the arteries and a necrotizing arteritis in the kidney.
Communicating hydrocephalus secondary to diffuse meningeal spread of Wegener's granulomatosis: Case report and literature review; OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: We present a very unusual case of diffuse spread of Wegener's granulomatosis causing hydrocephalus. CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 53-year-old man presented in 1985 with bilateral middle ear infections requiring myringotomies. During the next 18 months, he went on to develop a left Bell's palsy. The patient then began to develop recurrent occipital headaches along with left sixth and seventh nerve palsies and a green nasal discharge requiring hospitalization. Workup included magnetic resonance imaging showing pronounced enhancement of the tentorium and meninges in the occipital region with normal ventricle size. An x-ray of the chest showed multiple pulmonary nodules. A regimen of prednisone and cyclophosphamide was initiated. The patient did well for 2 years until he again developed middle ear infections and headache. Serial lumbar punctures showed increased pressures. A circulating antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody was positive. Cyclophosphamide was administered, with acetazolamide added for treatment of the elevated intracranial pressure. The patient stabilized for another 2 years but then presented in 1994 with recurrent headache, bilateral papilledema, and mild left arm and right leg weakness. A lumbar puncture was performed with an opening pressure of 52 cm H2O. Computed tomography of the head revealed moderate enlargement of the lateral third and fourth ventricles, consistent with communicating hydrocephalus. INTERVENTION: A right frontal ventriculoperitoneal shunt was placed. A leptomeningeal biopsy performed at the side of catheter placement (far away from any meningeal enhancement revealed by magnetic resonance imaging) showed chronic meningitis and multinucleated giant cells. Cyclophosphamide therapy was begun again. The patient has not experienced recurrence of headache, cranial nerve deficits, or papilledema for more than 3 years. CONCLUSION: This is the first reported case of diffuse involvement of the meninges from Wegener's granulomatosis. Fortunately, this patient responded well to shunting and sustained medical management. Although rare, Wegener's granulomatosis should be included in the differential diagnosis of chronic aseptic meningitis, communicating hydrocephalus, and papilledema.
Analysis of the treatment of facial paralysis by hypoglosso-facial anastomosis based on 25 cases; Hypoglosso-facial anastomosis (HFA) is an already old alternative for the surgical treatment of facial paralysis. 25 patients, 17 men and 8 women, with complete facial paralysis were operated according to this technique, 6 to 12 months after onset of the paralysis. Based on analysis of the results, the authors describe the advantages and disadvantages of this technique. The advantages are: facial symmetry at rest, protection of the cornea, voluntary movements of facial muscles. The disadvantages are, paralysis and atrophy of one side of the tongue, absence of expression of emotional and involuntary states on one half of the face, synkinesia, disorders of mastication. Disorders of deglutition improve with time. In this series of 25 patients, the authors never observed eyelid movements independent of movements of the labial commissure. By comparing these advantages and disadvantages, the authors consider that HFA should no longer be proposed for the treatment of facial paralysis. In the current state of microsurgery, if the facial nerve cannot be repaired by direct suture or graft, the authors recommend revascularized, reinnervated muscle transfer onto the facial nerve of the healthy side.
Cerebello-thalamo-cerebral Diaschisis: A Case Report; This reports positron emission tomography and [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose (PET-FDG) in a 69-year-old woman who underwent resection of the left cerebellar hemisphere for an acoustic neurinoma 17 years earlier. Functional impairment in cerebral cortical and subcortical structures was evaluated by studying the level of glucose metabolic activity at rest. Relative glucose metabolism was reduced in the prefrontal cortex contralateral to t he cerebellar lesion. Contralateral thalamic metabolism was reduced significantly. The results suggest that this phenomenon of "crossed cerebello-thalamo-cerebral diaschisis" is related to a funct ional depression of the cerebello-thalamo-cortical pathway.
Herpes zoster oticus; Herpes zoster oticus, caused by Varicella-Zoster virus, is one of the causes of facial palsy. The appearance of a varicelliform rash, facial palsy, and otalgia are paramount in its diagnosis. A retrospective study of 29 patients with herpes zoster oticus that received therapy at our department from July 1988 to June 1996 was carried out. The clinical symptoms, disease course, treatment and prognosis were discussed. The mean age of these patients was 50 years old. Besides, six of these patients were debilitated due to chronic systemic diseases. Otalgia and auricular vesicles were the first and second most commonly reported symptom in these patients. The seventh and eighth pairs of cranial nerve are more apt to be invaded. There was no certain sequence in the onset of vesicles and facial palsy. After the therapy with Acyclovir and steroid, most of the symptoms were ameliorated. No postherpetic neuralgia was noted during follow up. Unsatisfactorily, the recovery rate of facial palsy was only noted in half of cases presented. From this study, a poorer prognosis could be predicted when facial plasy is the first onset symptom and sign.
Effect of acupuncture based acupuncture-herbal drug therapy on 186 cases of peripheral facial paralysis; 186 patients suffering from peripheral facial paralysis were treated principally with acupuncture, at the same time Chinese herbal drugs were given orally in some severe cases. According to the basic theories of traditional Chinese medicine peripheral. Facial paralysis is divided into three types, namely, the deficiency of both qi and blood with exopathic wind, the deficiency of liver-yin and kidney-yin with exopathic wind, and blood- heart type. Each of the types was treated principally with acupuncture, at the same time vitamin B1 and B12 were given intramuscularly: and in addition to it herbal decoctum was given orally in severe cases. Results showed that 169 cases (90.86%) recovered completely, and the therapy seemed to be effective in 13 cases (6.98%), while 4 cases (2.15%) just showed improvement in the condition. The total effective rate of the theory, is 100%.
Chondroblastoma of the temporal bone. Apropos of a case; A case of temporal bone chrondroblastoma is reported. The presenting symptom was a serious otitis. The finding on physical examination was partial facial palsy. The tumor was removed through a middle fossa approach. Chondroblastoma is a rare tumor that represents 1% of all primary bone tumors. In the temporal bone only 34 cases have been reported. The histologic diagnostic should be difficult. Radical excision is suggested regarding its tendency to recur.
A prognostic value of of stapedius reflex and accommodation coefficient in patients with Bell's palsy; At 25 patients with Bell's palsy every 7 days stapedius reflex (SR), accommodation coefficient as well as improvement of mimical facial movements were examined. At 5 patients SR was noticed before treatment, at 13 after 14 days, at 4 after 21 and at 3 after 28 days since disease beginning. There was significant correlation between return SR and improvement of mimical facial movements, but there wasn't correlation between SR and accommodation coefficient.
Observation on electromyogram changes in 93 cases of peripheral facial paralysis treated by point-through-point acupuncture.; Bioelectricity of the affected muscles at acute stage, recovery stage and sequel state in 93 cases of peripheral facial paralysis was observed with EMG. Pathological potential or motor potential was found to be reduced to varying degrees in all the affected muscles. After treatment by point-through-point acupuncture, myodynamia recovered fairly rapidly, EMG showed obvious changes, pathological potential decreased, and the normal motor unit potential increased remarkably. Comparative analysis of EMG before and after acupuncture indicated that point-through-point acupuncture had an obvious therapeutic effect on the disease. It was also very significant that EMG was used in diagnosing various stages of peripheral facial paralysis, evaluation of prognosis and guidance in clinical treatment.
Analyses of neuro-otological complications after radiosurgery for acoustic neurinomas; Purpose: To find out the optimum treatment parameters and the proper indications for treatment of acoustic neurinomas, univariate and multivariate actuarial analyses of neuro-otological complications after stereotactic radiosurgery for acoustic neurinomas were performed. Methods and Materials: The subjects were 46 patients with acoustic neurinomas who underwent unilateral radiosurgery between June 1990 and June 1994 and were followed up at the University of Tokyo. Age ranged from 13 to 77 years (median, 54 years). Tumor diameter ranged from 0 to 25 mm (mean. 12 mm) at the cerebellopontine angle and from 2 to 15 mm (mean, 8.3 mm) in the internal auditory meatus. Maximum tumor doses ranged from 20 to 40 Gy (mean, 31.4 Gy), and peripheral doses from 12 to 25 Gy (mean. 16.8 Gy). One to eight isocenters were used (mean, 3.2). Median follow-up was 39 months. Eight events concerning neuro-otological complications were chosen, and the potential risk factors for them were analyzed by the actuarial analyses (univariate and multivariate). The events examined include hearing loss, vestibular function loss, facial palsy, and trigeminal nerve dysfunction. In order to point out potential risk factors for neuro-otological complications, univariate analyses were performed using both the Wilcoxon test and the log rank test, and multivariate analyses were performed with the Cox proportional hazards model. Variables nominated as potential risk factors were 1) demographic variables such as patient age and sex, 2) tumor dimensions, 3) treatment variables such as tumor doses and number of isocenters, and 4) pretreatment hearing levels. A variable with significant p-values (p < 0.05) in two or more of the three actuarial analyses (two univariate and one multivariate) was considered a possible risk factor. Results: The possible variables that increase the risk for each event analyzed were: neurofibromatosis type II (NF2) and the number of isocenters for total hearing loss; experience of prior operation, the tumor diameter in the internal auditory meatus, and NF2 for hearing threshold elevation; peripheral tumor dose for vestibular function loss; patient age or midporus transverse tumor diameter (the two variables were correlated), and the number of isocenters for facial palsy; and the number of isocenters for trigeminal neuropathy. Conclusion: NF2 and the tumor diameter were the common risk factors for hearing loss in previous studies and ours. For the 5th/7th nerve dysfunction, the tumor diameter was the common risk factor. The risk of using more isocenters remains controversial. The difference in risk factors for hearing impairment and vestibular function loss suggests different mechanisms for the two. Further studies with larger populations and longer follow-up periods are required in order to draw conclusions on the risk factors in radiosurgery.
Complications of gold weight eyelid implants for treatment of fifth and seventh nerve paralysis; Complications occurred in six patients after gold weights were implanted into the upper eyelid tissues for fifth and seventh nerve palsies. These complications included implant infection without extrusion (in one patient); entropion with trichiasis and presumed inflammatory reaction to the gold weight material (in one patient); upper eyelid distortion and poor eyelid contour with corneal ulceration and scarring (in one patient); significant residual lagophthalmos with exposure keratitis (in one patient); and blepharoptosis obscuring the pupillary access (in two patients). Resolution of the complications required 1. implant removal in four of six patients without reinsertion of a second weight, 2. recession of the retractors of the upper eyelids with medial and lateral canthoplasty (in four patients), and 3. permanent tarsorrhaphy (in one patient). The authors conclude that complications may be minimized by careful preoperative determination of the optimum implant size, weight, and placement within the eyelid as well as meticulous attention to the surgical technique of implantation. The use of other eyelid protective procedures is often necessary to augment corneal protection especially in patients with combined fifth and seventh cranial nerve palsies. Endogenous implant infection without extrusion of the gold weight may be distinguished from presumed inflammation due to gold allergy by clinical response to antibiotics in the former and requirements of steroids or removal of the implant in the latter.
Clinical picture and therapy of Lyme borreliosis; Lyme borreliosis is caused by the spirochaete Borrelia burgdorferi and is transmitted by ticks. The disease most frequently affects the skin, the central and peripheral nerve system, the heart and the joints. Three clinical stages can be distinguished: The main clinical feature of stage I is the erythema migrans. Stage II is characterized by a disseminated infection of the nerve system often with meningoradiculoneuritis (Bannwarth's syndrome) and facial palsy and of the heart and the musculoskeletal system with arthralgia and myalgia. Stage III of Lyme borreliosis can occur months to years after infection and affects the skin with acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans or large joints, especially the knees with chronic Lyme arthritis. Involvement of both central and peripheral nerve system may also persist in stage III. In stage I, Lyme borreliosis is commonly treated with oral antibiotics such as doxycycline, minocycline, amoxycillin, cefuroxime, ceftriaxone and azithromycin; disseminated infection in stage II and the late stage III may require i.m. treatment with ceftriaxone or intravenous treatment with ceftriaxone, cefotaxime of penicillin G.
Rehabilitation of peripheral paralysis of the facial nerve: History and current state; The Authors underline the importance of physical therapy in the treatment of the cranial VII nerve paralysis, although carelessly neglected in the last few years. After reporting the etiopathogenetic aspects, the clinical pattern and the instrumental investigations which may be helpful for prognosis and therapy purposes, they analyze the different treatments which, based on their own multiannual experience, still maintain their actual effectiveness.
Glomus jugulare tumors with intracranial involvement: Clinical features and experience on microsurgical excision with preoperative embolization; Glomus jugulare tumors derived from the jugular bulb which may extend along the jugular vein to the intracranial space or into the middle ear. Clinically, it may present as middle ear syndrome such as otalgia, hearing impairment or presented as jugular foramen syndrome. There are 6 cases of glomus juguare tumors with intracranial involvement at National Taiwan University Hospital since 1984. These patients consist of four males and two females. All had middle ear syndrome such as pulsatile tinnitus and hearing impairment. Four (67 %) had typical jugular foramen syndrome. The initial presentation was hearing impairment, hoarseness, otorrhea, facial palsy, neck mass and diplopia. Three of the six patients received surgical removal of the tumor and preoperative embolization There was no additional postoperative neurological deficits except one had worsen immediately lower cranial nerves deficits but recovered after a few months. All these 3 cases lead a tumor free life.
Head and neck pain; This paper has discussed the peripheral and central mechanisms of the various neuropathic orofacial pain conditions. To make an accurate diagnosis of head and neck pain and render treatment, all organ systems need to be considered and evaluated. Peripheral and central sensitization have been discussed as they relate to neuropathic pain. It is suggested that treatment of these disorders be problem oriented, addressing both peripheral and central mechanism if present. A discussion was presented of peripheral sensitization with a rationale for peripheral interventions. The CN neuropathies were discussed with differential diagnostic criteria and treatment strategies. Neuropathic pain that does not respond to topical or local agents is more profoundly centralized. These conditions will need to be treated with centrally acting agents. In addition, if there is no response to medications, sympathetic involvement needs to be ruled out with sympathetic ganglion blockade.
Malignant tumours of the parotid gland: A 12-year review; Malignant parotid tumours are uncommon and present a significant management challenge. Fifty-one such patients (25 male, 26 female, median age 64 years) operated on in the Newcastle Plastic Surgery Unit between 1983 and 1994 were retrospectively evaluated. Preoperative investigations included FNA cytology (n = 20), and for staging CT and/or MRI scans (n = 21). Of the 35 primary tumours 32 were epithelial and three lymphomatous. Metastatic tumours were squamous cell carcinoma (7), melanoma (6), renal cell carcinoma (2) and sebaceous carcinoma (1). FNA cytology correctly diagnosed malignancy with an 88% sensitivity (false negatives = 2). A total or radical parotidectomy was required in 60% of patients, the rest undergoing superficial parotidectomy. In continuity neck dissection was undertaken in 23 (45%) cases. Postparotidectomy reconstruction included 10 free, 3 myocutaneous, and 4 local transposition/rotation flaps. Thirty-seven patients (73%) received postoperative radiotherapy. Seventy-two per cent of patients are alive after a mean follow-up of 42 months. The crude 5- and 10-year survival rates were 68% and 49% respectively while the loco-regional control rate (Kaplan-Meier method) at 10 years was 79%. Fifteen patients (30%) have permanent facial palsy. It is concluded that radical surgery with appropriate reconstruction followed by planned postoperative adjuvant radiotherapy gives effective control of malignant parotid tumours.
Contemporary state of surgical treatment of facial nerve paresis. Preliminary experience with new procedures; Treatment of paresis of the facial nerve is a serious problem which has advanced greatly during the past three decades. The possibilities of surgical treatment are very extensive - from excisions, implantations of springs and weights, to passive and active supports, muscle transposition, transposition and suture of regional nerves to nervous and muscular transplants. The authors demonstrate their experience with transposition of the temporal muscle and methods of transplants of nervous grafts taken from the sural nerve and in the second stage transplants of a portion of the m. latissimus dorsi or m. serratus ant. in five patients. According to the authors the problem is that patients come for reconstruction operations after long time intervals and sometimes already after several operations. The most suitable surgical procedure must be selected on a strictly individual basis with regard to various mentioned criteria.
A case of five episodes of cranial nerve palsy in a diabetic patient during a ten-year period; A 63-year-old male with diabetes mellitus had 4 episodes of diabetic ophthalmoplegia and 1 episode of facial nerve palsy during a 10-year period. Most attacks were accompanied by frontal headache and the abducens and oculomotor nerves were most often affected. Ophthalmoplegia and facial nerve palsy improved within 6 months without any specific treatment. The episodes of cranial nerve palsy in this case seemed to have no close relationship to the patient's control of blood sugar level, but they were associated with other diabetic neuropathies such as disorders of the autonomic and peripheral nervous systems. Reports of diabetic patients with recurrent cranial nerve palsy, such as was seen in this case, are rare.
A parasomnia overlap disorder involving sleepwalking, sleep terrors, and REM sleep behavior disorder in 33 polysomnographically confirmed cases; A series of 33 patients with combined (injurious) sleepwalking, sleep terrors, and rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (viz. 'parasomnia overlap disorder') was gathered over an 8-year period. Patients underwent clinical and polysomnographic evaluations. Mean age was 34 ± 14 (SD) years; mean age of parasomnia onset was 15 ± 16 years (range 1-66); 70% (n = 23) were males. An idiopathic subgroup (n = 22) had a significantly earlier mean age of parasomnia onset (9 ± 7 years) than a symptomatic subgroup (n = 11) (27 ± 23 years, p = 0.002), whose parasomnia began with either of the following: neurologic disorders, n = 6 [congenital Mobius syndrome, narcolepsy, multiple sclerosis, brain tumor (and treatment), brain trauma, indeterminate disorder (exaggerated startle response/atypical cataplexy)]; nocturnal paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, n = 1; posttraumatic stress disorder/major depression, n = 1; chronic ethanol/amphetamine abuse and withdrawal, n = 1; or mixed disorders (schizophrenia, brain trauma, substance abuse), n = 2. The rate of DSM-III-R (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, 3rd edition, revised) Axis I psychiatric disorders was not elevated; group scores on various psychometric tests were not elevated. Forty-five percent (n = 15) had previously received psychologic or psychiatric therapy for their parasomnia, without benefit. Treatment outcome was available for n = 20 patients; 90% (n = 18) had substantial parasomnia control with bedtime clonazepam (n = 13), alprazolam and/or carbamazepine (n = 4), or self- hypnosis (n = 1). Thus, 'parasomnia overlap disorder' is a treatable condition that emerges in various clinical settings and can be understood within the context of current knowledge on parasomnias and motor control/dyscontrol during sleep.
External lidloading for the therapy of lagophthalmos; The implantation of gold weights into the upper eyelid ('lid-loading') has been proved to be effective in the therapy of facial palsy. On 14 patients with unilateral facial palsy skin-toned tantalum weights, that were fixed external to the upper eyelid, were used for the treatment of lagophthalmus ('external lid-loading'). An existing exposure keratitis could be improved in all cases, respectively the development was avoided from the beginning. The major problem for the patients was the difficult handling of the adhesive strips as well as the fixation of the weights in case of existing dermatochalasis. This new technique is suitable for reversible facial palsies (Bell's palsies), also in addition to the local therapy with drops and ointments. The difficult application of the adhesive strips is in need of improvement, this led to an earlier ending of the therapy especially of older patients.
Early corticoid treatment of idiopathic facial palsy (Bell); Idiopathic facial palsy (IFP) (Bell's palsy) is the commonest cause of acute facial paralysis. Perhaps because of its unknown origin, a wide range of treatments are used. Controversy exists as to whether the disorder should be left to run its natural course or treated with steroids. The effect of early steroid treatment on the evolution of IFP was evaluated in the Ear, Nose, and Throat Service of the University Hospital of Alicante (Spain) with a prospective protocol from September 1991 to January 1992. The therapeutic protocol for all patients (47 patients) was an intramuscular injection of 60 mg prednisone in the Emergency Room followed by a course of oral steroids (deflazacort) that was gradually tape-red-off. The average duration of IFP before presentation in the Emergency Department was 1.30.9 days. Clinical improvement was observed on day 149 and a complete cure by day 3026. Full recovery of facial motor function without sequelae occurred in 95.6% of patients. Age, the intensity of paralysis, and a history of hypertension and diabetes had a negative influence on the course of IFP. These results support early steroid treatment for IFP.
A case of pulmonary sarcoidosis mimicking relapse of pulmonary tuberculosis; A 61-year-old woman was suspected of relapse of pulmonary tuberculosis. A chest X-ray film taken at a regular health check-up suggested relapse of pulmonary tuberculosis in a 61-year-old woman. Chest X-ray revealed irregular shadow with calcification in the upper lobe of the left lung and pulmonary tuberculosis was initially diagnosed a despite a negative reaction for acid- fast bacilli on examination of her sputum and bronchial lavage. Chest CT revealed thickened bronchi and blood vessels and nodules in the lung field. Transbronchial by biopsy failed to reveal caseating epithelioid cell granulomas transbronchial lung biopsy. Past history of facial palsy, uveitis, high plasma levels of angiotensin-converting enzyme (31.6IU/L), and abnormal HRCT levels. Bronchoalveolar lavage analysis revealed an increase in lymphocytes and a CD4/CD8 ratio of 8. 67. Sarcoidosis was diagnosed after a liver biopsy. This appears that HRCT findings are useful in the diagnosis of pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Temporal bono trauma and imaging; Fractures of the temporal bone result from direct trauma to the temporal bone or occur as one component of a severe craniocerebral injury. Complications of temporal trauma are hemotympanon, facial nerve paralysis, conductive or sensorineur hearing loss, and leakage of cerebrospinal fluid. Early recognition and an appropiate therapy may improve or prevent permanent deficits related to such complications. Only 20-30% of temporal bone fractures can be visualized by plain films (7). CT has displaced plain radiography in the investigation of the otological trauma because subtle bony details are best evaluated by CT which even can be reformatted in multiple projections, regardless of the original plane of scanning. Associated epidural, subdural, and intracerebral hemorrhagic lesions are better defined by MRI.
Therapeutic profile of outpatient radiosurgery with the gamma knife system. Part 2: First clinical experiences; Gamma Knife radiosurgery (GKRS) was applied in 500 consecutive treatments for 445 patients within 2 years. Indications were arterio-venous malformations (93 patients), schwannomas of cranial nerves (75 patients), meningiomas (79 patients; 73 of the tumors involving the skull base), pituitary adenomas (40 patients), craniopharyngiomas (13 cases), gliomas (13 cases), rare indications (12 cases), and brain metastases (126 patients). In arterio-venous malformations two complications were observed whereas two other patients underwent surgery due to intracranial hemorrhage in the latent period after Gkrs. In all cases follow-up with Mri showed evidence of an active obliteration process. Out of 24 patients with a follow-up over 1 year, angiography revealed complete obliteration in 9 patients so far. A partial obliteration was evidenced by Mri in 15 cases. In benign tumors (meningiomas and vestibular schwannomas) tumor control rates of 88% and 89% were achieved, respectively. Treatment related side effects were mild and rare; no facial palsy occured after primary Gamma Knife treatment. Gkrs was particularly effective in inoperable skull base meningiomas. Cerebral metastases were controlled in 89.5% by a single Gamma Knife treatment. The mean survival period was 11.8 months. In patients receiving a single Gamma Knife treatment the mean survival time was 9.1 months. For patients undergoing multiple (up to 5) sessions of GKRS (because of new tumors) the mean survival period was 17.2 months. MRI showed evidence of adverse radiation reactions in 10/124 patients (8.1%) which were symptomatic in 3 patients (0.8%). The results obtained in patients with cerebral metastases emphasize that GKRS alone is as effective as the combined treatment of these lesions by surgery and fractionated radiotherapy. Our results demonstrated an attractively high therapeutic gain factor of Gamma Knife treatment in key indications of radiosurgery.
Biofeedback treatment in neurological and head diseases - Literature survey; The authors had made literature survey in data-base Medline 56, Embase 74, Biosis Preview 70 under the key-words 'biofeedback, controlled study'. From the 215 papers judged was these ones, which are dealing with procedures in neurological diseases and headache. Promising results was achieved by the using of biofeedback in the treatment of patients after stroke, in children with cerebral palsy, in migraine, in patient with vetebrogenic headache. Indication as paraplegy, torticollis, neurogenic bladder in multiple sclerosis, facial paresis and carpal tunnel syndrome was judged very rare a the therapeutic results was not satisfactory. Positive study about application in epilepsy requires further follow-up, in spite of reliable effects in the headache treatment by the cervical muscles spasms remains the significance of increased muscle tone in pathogenesis of this clinical picture ambiguous. Although mechanisms of biofeedback affect in the treatment are various, this form of therapy is unambiguous part of somatic medicine.
Neurological disorders in pregnancy; Pregnant women can present with a wide variety of neurological conditions. Patient data from 1 January 1985 through 31 December 1994 for all deliveries at the Tsan Yuk and Queen Mary hospitals were reviewed to determine the local frequency of various neurological conditions during pregnancy. Conditions including epilepsy, eclampsia, facial nerve palsy, pituitary tumour, cerebrovascular disorders, myasthenia gravis, multiple sclerosis, and non-pituitary intracranial tumours were encountered, in descending order of frequency. The limitations of this retrospective analysis are acknowledged. This paper reviews the current concepts of these conditions and outlines appropriate management.
Modified gold implants in the management of the lagophthalmos of facial palsy; PURPOSE: We determined the efficacy of modified gold weight implantation in a series of patients with keratitis and lagophthalmos following seventh nerve damage. The results of modified gold weight implantation for lagophthalmos were assessed after a mean follow-up of 20 months. Cosmetic appearance, physical comfort and complications were evaluated. METHODS: Implantation of gold implants was performed in 18 patients with poor eyelid closure secondary to facial nerve palsy. All 18 patients had corneal and cosmetic problems. Conservative therapy failed and recovery of the seventh nerve was not expected. RESULTS: The observation time was 6-28 months. Tolerance was excellent, no complications such as infection or extrusion were noted. All patients are doing well, no additive therapy such as artificial tears, eye drops or ointments is necessary. The cornea is well protected, no complications such as keratitis, conjunctivitis or corneal ulcer have occurred. CONCLUSION: After weighing the advantages and disadvantages of these modified gold implants, this appears to be a good method for treating lagophthalmos.
Orthodontic band-retained prostheses for restoration of the paralyzed face; Prostheses can be used to augment the facial contours of patients with facial paralysis. These prostheses offer the advantages of restoring fullness and proper contour to the cheek, preventing trauma to the buccal mucosa during mastication, and stretching the cheek, which may indirectly improve oral hygiene in the buccal sulcus area. Most of the prostheses currently in use for augmenting the facial contour in patients with facial paralysis are removable partial denture type prostheses. To be successful these prostheses require permanent alterations of the teeth in the form of guiding planes, rest preparations, and undercuts and patient compliance. This article describes the technique of fabricating prostheses that are retained on the teeth by orthodontic bands to augment the facial contour of patients with facial paralysis. This type of prosthesis eliminates problems with patient compliance and does not require permanent alteration of the teeth. The prosthesis offers the advantages of improved facial contour and prevention of lip and cheek biting. These prostheses are also inexpensive and easy to fabricate.
Treating facial paralysis by Yinao Tongluo Qianzheng Tang associated with auricular-plaster therapy; Forty-four cases of facial paralysis were treated by Yinao Tongluo Qianzheng Tang, traditional chinese medicine recipe proved by ourselves, associated with auricular-plaster therapy using the seed of Vaccaria segetails. The result demonstrated that the method was simple to do, short course of treatment, rapid curative effect. No side-effect and toxic action were found. The total effective rate was 95.45%. The efficiency was quite significant in 38 of 44 patients.
Prognostic factors in intraoperative facial nerve monitoring for acoustic neuroma; Objectives: To determine the predictive value of intraoperative threshold stimulus for facial nerve outcome and the prevalence and prognostic value of persistent trains of activity and frequent spontaneous or mechanically induced contractions during acoustic neuroma surgery. Study design: Prospective recording and subsequent review of facial nerve activity. Setting: Tertiary referral centre. Patients and Methods: Consecutive patients undergoing acoustic neuroma surgery. Intraoperative facial nerve activity was digitised and stored on a personal computer for future analysis. Operative events were flagged. Recordings were available in 27 patients. Main Outcome Measures: Frequent mechanically induced contractions (< 20), prolonged trains of facial nerve activity (total time > 199 seconds), and facial nerve brainstem stimulus threshold were correlated with facial nerve outcome. Results: A brainstem stimulus threshold > 0.1 mA was significantly associated with intermediate or poor facial nerve function (House-Brackmann grade > 2) on the sixth postoperative day, at 1 month and 6 months. Patients with normal or near-normal facial function on the first day and a threshold of > 0.1 mA were significantly more likely to develop a delayed facial nerve palsy. Frequent contractions were noted in 74% of patients and persistent train activity in 59%. Neither was predictive of facial nerve outcome. Conclusions: An elevated brainstem threshold is helpful in predicting delayed facial nerve palsy and suboptimal facial nerve outcome. Persistent train activity and frequent contractions, do not have major prognostic significance.
Cerebellar pontine angle ependymoma in infants; We discuss the surgical approach used for and outcome in 11 infants (≤3 years) who were treated at our institution for ependymomas arising in the cerebellar-pontine (C-P) angle. The median age of the group was 19 months (range: 6-26 months). Of these 11 patients, the initial surgery for 8 was performed at our center and achieved a gross total resection (GTR) in 4 patients and a subtotal resection (STR) in the remaining 4. The 3 patients who had tumor debulking performed elsewhere were subsequently referred to our institution and had definitive surgery after receiving 3-4 courses of chemotherapy; one of these children had a GTR, whereas the remaining 2 had an STR. During the immediate postoperative period, 9 patients had cranial nerve deficits that necessitated placement of a tracheostomy and a gastrostomy feeding tube; these were discontinued in 6 of the 9 patients as the deficits resolved. The majority of the permanent cranial nerve deficits involved the sixth and seventh cranial nerves. Of the 11 patients, 4 have died (progressive disease, n = 1; accidental death, n = 2; withdrawal of life support, n = 1); the remaining 7 patients are alive, with a median follow-up of 37 months (range: 20-73 months). Aggressive surgical resection for tumors arising in the C-P region is associated with postoperative deficits, which resolve over time with appropriate supportive care. This approach may increase the number of children in whom GTR is achieved, thereby potentially increasing the cure rate for these patients.
A case of extracranial vertebral artery dissection with spontaneous recovery: Diagnosis and follow-up by duplex and color Doppler; A 47-year-old women developed an acute vestibular syndrome with a peripheral facial palsy not associated with any trauma. Magnetic resonance imaging showed an ischemic lesion in the territory of the posterior inferior cerebellar artery. Color Doppler ultrasonography detected an occlusion of the right vertebral artery and dissection of the artery was confirmed by a subsequent angiography. During follow-up Duplex-Doppler allowed a non- invasive monitoring of recanalization of the occluded artery.
Tumor recurrence and facial nerve injuries following parotid neoplasms surgery. Survey of 89 treated cases; Eighty-nine cases of parotid neoplasms (77 benign and 12 malignant tumors) observed between 1978 and 1994 are reported. The incidence of facial nerve injuries and tumor recurrence with regard to histology and type of surgical resection is evaluated. Thirty minor excisions (atypical resections, enucleations), 44 superficial parotid lobectomies, 11 total parotidectomies with preservation of the facial nerve and 3 radical total parotidectomies with sacrifice of the facial nerve were performed. Postoperative morbidity, including salivary fistulas (0-4.5%), hematomas (0-9%) and Frey's syndrome (0-33%), was not significantly related to type of surgical resection. Results. Transitory facial nerve paralysis (healed within 6 months) was more frequent after total parotidectomy (54%) than after minor excision (17%) or superficial lobectomy (18%), (χ2 2 x 3 = 7.568; p < 0.023). Permanent facial nerve paralysis (lasting more than 6 months) was more common after total parotidectomy (18%) than after superficial lobeotomy (0%) or minor excision (3%), (χ2 2 x 3 = 8.549, p < 0.014). This is partly due to total parotidectomy performed for recurrent tumors in 4 cases out of 11. No permanent facial nerve paralysis was observed in 7 patiens in which total parotidectomy was the initial treatment of neoplasm. Permanent facial nerve paralysis was much more frequent when resection was performed for recurtent tumors (29% vs 1.3%), (Fisher's test: p < 0.027). Incidence of transitory and permanent facial nerve paralysis observed after minor excision or superficial lobectomy was not significantly different. On the other hand, benign tumors recurrence was more common after minor excision (9%) than after superficial lobectomy (0%). In particular, mixed tumors showed recurrence more often after minor excision than after superficial lobectomy (respectively: 6.7% and 0%). Conclusions. The conclusions is drawn that superficial lobectomy is the best treatment of all benign parotid neoplasms, because it implies a low risk of facial nerve injury and a better radicality. Tumor recurrence was the main factor conditioning risk of facial nerve injury.
Poststreptococcal vasculitis with cutaneous and central nervous system involvement; Background: Poststreptococcal vasculitis involving the central nervous system (CNS) is rarely seen. Objective: An unusual case of vasculitis of the CNS induced by a streptococcal infection is reported. Methods: A MEDLINE search was done, and an additional case is reported. Results: Behavioural changes with neurologic symptoms and brain lesions, presented on computerized tomography (CT) study were diagnostic of CNS involvement by vasculitis, induced by poststreptococcal infection. Conclusion: Poststreptococcal vasculitis involving the CNS is a rare event, but this possibility should be considered when a patient with cutaneous vasculitis develops behavioural changes or neurologic symptoms.
Neuroborreliosis: Clinical case report; We report a case of a 28 years old woman who, in August 1993, presented with right facial palsy, deficit of the right 6th cranial nerve, sensitive loss in the territory of the right first trigeminal branch and in the right arm, mild aphasia nominum, signs of cerebellar involvement. Cranial MRI was performed, and we suspected a possible demyelinative disease; this hypothesis was not confirmed by VEP and cerebrospinal fluid analysis. Then, we looked for antiborrelia antibodies, which resulted positive in two consecutive samples. The patient was treated with Doxacicline (100 mg X2/die), and fast clinical recovery was obtained: we therefore diagnosed Neuroborreliosis with Central Nervous System involvement.
Do the complications of mastoid surgery differ from those of the disease?; During mastoid surgery there is a risk to the facial nerve and hearing but at present it is unclear how substantial this risk is. This information is necessary for adequate informed consent to be given, as consent requires information about both the potential risks of the surgery as well as the risks of leaving the disease untreated. The aim of this study is to establish the risks of mastoid surgery and the incidence of complications as a consequence of mastoid disease. The records of all patients undergoing mastoidectomy between 1985 and 1994 were reviewed for preoperative and intra-operative complications. Preoperatively there were 21 (2%) facial nerve palsies, 67 (6.5%) dead ears and 58 (5.7%) intracranial complications of the mastoid disease. If this risk is extrapolated for the population of the Western Cape over a 40-year period (average expected life-span after presentation), the risk of developing a serious complication (facial palsy, dead ear or intracranial) from mastoid disease during this period was 3.8%. The incidence of intraoperative iatrogenic facial nerve palsy was 1.7% (n = 17) and of dead ear was 1.7% (n = 17). Although the comparative risk of developing a severe complication from untreated disease was similar to the risks of surgery (facial palsy, dead ear), the number (58) of intracranial life-threatening preoperative complications presenting in the 10-year period reviewed was significant. These figures provide a base from which otologists can inform patients about the possible risk of mastoid surgery as well as allowing these risks to be compared with the risks of leaving the disease untreated.
Pneumococcal acute otitis media in children; The purpose of this study was to discuss the main characteristics of pneumococcal acute otitis media (AOM) in children and the antimicrobial resistance of the strains that were isolated from ear cultures during one year (1-10-95 to 30-9-96). There were 113 cases during this period, 11 of which required hospitalization. The cultures were performed with conventional methods and the antibiotic susceptibility with Kirby-Bauer method and MIC (with E-test) for penicillin (additionally to oxacillin disk testing). Thirteen isolates were found intermediately (11,5%) and 5 highly resistant (4,4%) to penicillin. The children with resistant strains were mostly under 18 months old. The resistance rates to other antimicrobials was: cefaclor 5,3%, erythromycin 9,7%, cotrimoxazole 8,8%, clindamycin 3,5%, tetracycline 8%, chloramphenicol 1,8%, vancomycin, rifampicin and cefotaxime 0%. The predominating serogroups/serotypes of the resistant to penicillin strains were the 19, 9, 23, 6 and 14 and of the susceptible strains were the 19, 14, 3, 6 and 9. The complications that were noticed were: ear-drum perforation (84 children), mastoiditis (4), facial nerve paresis (1), bacteremia and septic arthritis (2). Conclusions: The S. pneumoniae isolates from AOM in children show reduced sensitivity to penicillin in a high proportion. The serotypes of the resistant strains are included in the vaccine which is now available, but its efficacy is poor for children aged under 2 years and to immunocompromised ones.
MALT-lymphoma of the parotid gland: Surgery or radiation?; Background: The lymphoma which derives from mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) is a subtype of non-Hodgkin lymphomas. Methods: We describe a patient who was initially diagnosed as suffering from Sjogren syndrome. Because of the development of a bilateral monstrous swelling of her parotid glands, she underwent complete parotidectomy on her right side and was irradiated on the left side after receiving the final diagnosis. On this basis, it is possible to compare surgery and radiation therapy in the same patient. Results: The advantages of surgery are complete resection of the tumor and the absence of xerostomia and mucositis caused by irradiation. Radiotherapy produces neither a scar nor an indentation in the parotid region. Since more than 2 years, there is no recurrence of disease on both sides. Conclusion: Patients with bilateral swelling of the parotid gland and suspicion of a MALT lymphoma should receive an open biopsy with facial nerve monitoring and consecutive irradiation.
Neurological manifestation of arterial gas embolism following standard altitude chamber flight: A case report; In the course of a decompression at flight level 280 (28,000 ft) in an altitude chamber flight, a 45-yr-old cabin air traffic controller developed sudden numbness in his left upper and lower extremities and, soon after, complete paralysis in the left side, dysarthria and left facial palsy. A presumptive diagnosis of arterial gas embolism (AGE) was made and hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBO) was given after airevac of the patient to the closest compression facility. Complete resolution of the symptoms was obtained after treatment Table VI-A (extended), plus 3 consecutive HBO treatments (90 min of Oxygen at 2.0 ATA). AGE is a rare event in the course of regular altitude chamber flight and diagnosis should be done in the context of the barometric pressure changes and an acute cerebral vascular injury. Risk factors and follow-up diagnostic procedures are discussed.
The use of electroacupuncture for the management of unilateral traumatic facial paralysis in the horse: Preliminary report; Based on favorable experiences with acupuncture for the treatment of facial palsy in humans, a clinical trial using electroacupuncture was carried out over a 3-year period involving 12 horses with unilateral facial paralysis of traumatic origin. The inclusion of a control group was not possible because all owners sought treatment with acupuncture for their horses. Treatments were administered every other day by applying 150 to 300mV at 125Hz to eight acupuncture points per treatment. The number of treatments required to achieve full recovery in all horses was approximately 13. No statistically significant correlation between the severity of the facial paralysis and the number of treatments needed for full recovery was found. No adverse effects were observed. Use of this technique is proposed for large- scale clinical trials.
Refinement in the rehabilitation of the paralyzed face using botulinum toxin; A number of surgical procedures exist to improve facial symmetry for patients with facial paralysis. Whereas static symmetry is often improved, dynamic asymmetry frequently persists because of the imbalance of complex coordinated movements of facial expression. The paralyzed face is often distorted by the excessive pull of the normal contralateral face during emotional expression. This study reports an expanded clinical indication for botulinum toxin in patients with unilateral facial paralysis. Ten patients with facial paralysis and markedly asymmetric smiles were treated with botulinum toxin A injections into the contralateral zygomaticus major, levators labil superioris and angulii aris, or risorius muscles. Eight of the 10 patients noted improvement in the symmetry of their smiles and underwent repeat injections. The onset and duration of effect averaged 5.9 days and 3 months, respectively. Botulinum toxin therapy provides a safe and efficacious modality for refining the appearance of the paralyzed face during mimetic activity.
Hemifacial spasm: Endoscopic vascular decompression; Sixty patients with primitive hemifacial spasm were treated by means of a minimally invasive retrosigmoid approach in which endoscopic and microsurgical procedures were combined. Intraoperative endoscopic examination of the cerebellopontine angle showed that for 56 of the patients vessel- nerve conflict was the cause of hemifacial spasm. The most common offending vessel was the posterior inferior cerebellar artery (39 patients), next was the vertebral artery (23 patients), and last was the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (16 patients). Nineteen of the patients had multiple offending vascular loops. In one patient, another cause of hemifacial spasm was an epidermoid tumor of the cerebellopontine angle. For three patients, it was not possible to determine the exact cause of the facial disorder. Follow- up information was reviewed for 54 of 60 patients; the mean follow-up period was 14 months. Fifty of the patients were in the vessel-nerve conflict group. Forty of the 50 were free of symptoms, and four had marked improvement. The overall success rate was 88%, and there was minimal morbidity (no facial palsy, two cases of severe hearing loss).
EMG biofeedback in peripheral facial nerve palsy rehabilitation; Background. The authors analyzed the efficacy of BFB-EMG in facial palsy rehabilitation. Methods. Twenty patients affected by peripheral facial Bell's palsy underwent to a clinic evaluation with a muscular test in ten muscular districts (score ranging from 0 to 3), a neurophysiological study, a video recording. Treatment with BFB-EMG began at least after five months the onset of palsy; it was oriented to improve facial muscle recruitment and to control synkinesias between orbicular oculi and zygomaticus muscles. Results and conclusion. Results of investigation showed: 1) an efficacy of BFB-EMG in recovery of performance in paralyzed facial muscle; 2) a good voluntary control on synkinesias.
The role of facial nerve conduction studies and electromyography in predicting the outcome of Bell's palsy; Many electrophysiological tests have been used to determine prognosis and extent of recovery in Bell's palsy but the reliability and sensitivity of the different parameters used is still controversial. We performed bilateral percutaneous facial nerve conduction studies, and volitional needle electromyography on 23 patients within 10-14 days post onset of their Bell's palsy. The following parameters were assessed: denervation and recruitment of the frontalis and orbicularis oris muscles, latency of the compound muscle action potential (CMAP), and CMAP amplitude ratio. The patients were re-examined 6 months later and their recovery graded according to the House-Brackman classification. The CMAP amplitude ratio and the recruitment scores of the frontalis and orbicularis oris muscles were the only parameters to reliably predict outcome (p = 0.016, 0.007 and 0.036, respectively). All patients with a CMAP amplitude ratio above 10% had a complete recovery. Since Bell's palsy is probably caused by herpes simplex virus, the active disease process is completed within 10-14 days; therefore, facial nerve conduction studies and electromyography at that time are appropriate to predict prognosis.
Surgical treatment of the facial nerve in facial paralysis; The primary indication for facial nerve surgery is facial nerve paralysis. Most commonly, the cause of the paralysis is inflammation owing to idiopathic or infectious conditions. Primary or secondary facial nerve tumor and trauma follow. Inflammation of the nerve leads to the cycle of entrapment, ischemia, and degeneration. The most common surgical procedure for facial nerve paralysis is facial nerve decompression. Decompression of the intratemporal facial nerve is performed in selected cases of Bell's palsy, by far the most common inflammatory etiology of facial nerve paralysis, followed less frequently by acute and chronic otitis media. The middle fossa craniotomy approach is the only procedure that allows meatal facial nerve decompression and hearing preservation in all cases. Traumatic facial nerve paralysis may require facial nerve exploration, decompression, and/or repair. In neurotology, the most common reason for traumatic paralysis is temporal bone fracture, either as a result of blunt or penetrating injury. The management of the facial paralysis in primary or secondary tumors of the facial nerve is dictated by tumor histology and extent.
Surgical rehabilitation of facial nerve paralysis; Facial nerve paralysis is a rare and often temporary complication of otologic and neuro-otologic surgery. Associated ocular complications must be avoided to prevent visual loss. When reanastomosis or grafting of the facial nerve is not possible, the VII-XII anastomosis offers reliable reinnervation of the distal facial nerve. For patients whose paralysis has been present for many years, the temporalis muscle transfer provides excellent results. This approach has been proven to give reproducible, aesthetic results. This approach has been proven to give reproducible, aesthetic results with the fewest number of operations.
Neuromuscular retraining for facial paralysis; Neuromuscular retraining is an effective method for rehabilitating facial musculature in patients with facial paralysis. This nonsurgical theraphy has demonstrated improved functional outcomes and is an important adjunct to surgical treatment for restoring facial movement. Treatment begins with an intensive clinical evaluation and incorporates appropriate sensory feedback techniques into a patient-specific, comprehensive, home theraphy program. This article discuss appropriate patients, timelines for referral, and basic treatment practises of facial neuromuscular retraining for restoring function and expression to the highest level possible.
Facial nerve enhancement on gadolinium-DTPA in a case with neurosarcoidosis.; In a case of neurosarcoidosis with bilateral facial nerve palsy and hydrocephalus, contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) study and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) activities in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were valuable for the diagnosis and the follow up. Facial nerve lesions were demonstrated on gadolinium-DTPA enhanced MRI. The disappearance of enhancement was concomitant with the amelioration of facial nerve palsy after corticosteroid therapy.
Osteosynthesis of subcondylar fractures using a rectangular 3-dimensional stabilization plate; The current international opinion for the treatment of displaced subcondylar fractures has become more aggressive after the rediscovery of the submandibular incision and the creation of new fixation material. We report 19 patients with displaced subcondylar fractures who were treated with reinforced rectangular plates. The pure titanium plates are slightly concave and measure 13 by 9 mm. We evaluated dental articulation, mouth opening, propulsion and duction and observed rapid recovery of mandibular kinetics and mandibular function. Use of this plate is a major progress in the treatment of fractures of the condyle.
Medical management of Bell's palsy; Bell's palsy or idiopathic facial palsy continues to be an enigmatic condition. The differential diagnosis and medical management of Bell's palsy are important considerations in management of the afflicted patient.
Medical, surgical, and technical complications with the COMBI-40; We present the first report on complications of cochlear implantation with the COMBI-40 (Med-el, Innsbruck, Austria). Between January 1995 and May 1996 325 devices had been implanted by 58 different surgeons. Complications were reported with the help of standardized complication report form. The overall rate of complications was 4.6%. Most common problems were flap necrosis and incorrect positioning of the electrode. No technical failures occured. The incidence of complications was lower than those reported by other authors.
Persistent facial swelling of unclear etiology. Differential diagnostic possibilities; A 54-year old, obese woman suffered from massive symmetrical swelling of the face, especially of the upper and lower eyelids. Initially the swelling occurred intermittently, but after 2 years it was permanent and progressive markedly limiting her visual fields. Neither laboratory findings nor imaging procedures provided any firm evidence of an underlying cardiac, renal or endocrinological disease. There was no suggestion of a storage disease. Skin biopsy showed foam cells and granulomatous inflammation, so the patient was tentatively diagnosed as having a monosymptomatic Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome. Eyelid surgery was performed to improve her visual fields. Treatment with clofazimine 100 mg daily was initiated. Regular follow-up visits over 7 months revealed no evidence of recurrence. The patient died a sudden cardiac death a few months later. The relatives refused an autopsy. The definite cause of her facial swelling remains unclear as we discuss the differential diagnostic possibilities.
Facial palsy in kawasaki syndrome; Facial nerve palsy, a very rare complication of Kawasaki syndrome, has been reported in only 25 patients. We treated a 12-week-old boy with bilateral coronary artery aneurysms due to Kawasaki syndrome who developed marked unilateral peripheral facial nerve palsy on day 36 of illness. None of the 25 previously reported patients with this complication were treated with immunoglobulin; they required 7 to 90 days to recover. In our patient, treatment with this agent was associated with complete resolution of facial nerve palsy within 36 hours. Review of prior cases demonstrates that children with Kawasaki-associated facial nerve palsy have more than twice the risk for coronary artery aneurysm (52% vs <25%) as that of children who do not develop this neurological complication. Unexplained facial nerve paralysis in young children with a prolonged febrile illness should provoke consideration of Kawasaki syndrome and of echocardiography to exclude coronary artery aneurysms. Although facial palsy appears likely to resolve in all patients that survive the acute phase of Kawasaki syndrome, treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin appears to considerably shorten the time to full recovery and provides an important clue to the mechanisms of neurological injury in this illness.
A case of acute inflammatory demyelinating neuropathy associated with autoimmune-type chronic active hepatitis; We presented a case of acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy associated with autoimmune chronic active hepatitis (AI-CAH). This is the third case report of neuropathy in AI-CAH. A 64-year-old male with chronic liver dysfunction was admitted to the hospital because of high fever, distal weakness and sensory disturbance of all extremities, bilateral facial weakness and dysphagia. On neurologic examination, there was bilateral weakness of the upper and lower facial muscles, bulbar palsy and severe distal weakness of all extremities. The deep tendon reflexes were absent and the sensation of touch, pinprick, temperature, and vibration was impaired bilaterally symmetrically in all extremities. Serum biochemistry revealed hyperproteinemia, hypergammaglobulinemia and elevated liver enzymes. Rheumatoid factor, antinuclear antibody, anti-smooth muscle antibody were positive. Serological tests for hepatitis B surface antigen and its antibody, hepatitis B core antibody, and hepatitis C antibody were all negative. Serum anti-GM1, anti-GD1b, anti-GQ1b and anti-MAG antibodies were negative. Liver biopsy findings were consistent with AI-CAH with marked lymphocytic infiltration in the portal tracts. Albuminocytologic dissociation was noted in CSF. Motorconduction velocity of the median, ulnar and facial nerves were markedly reduced with temporal dispersion. No motor response was evoked in the lower extremities. Needle electromyography revealed denervation and reinnervation potentials in the arm and leg. The sural nerve biopsy showed segmental de- and re-myelination and deposition of IgG components in endoneurium. Neurological symptoms and liver dysfunction improved with corticosteroid treatment. In this case, hypergammaglobulinemia associated with an exacerbation of AI-CAH may be responsible for the acute inflammatory demyelinating neuropathy through an unknown autoimmune mechanism.
Inflammatory diseases of the ear.; The inflammatory diseases of external and middle ear are one of the commonest conditions encountered by the pediatric physician. Inner ear inflammations are less common and need special and urgent attention. Special management in each case requires detailed history, examination, necessary investigations and appropriate referral to otolaryngologist when necessary. The article is aimed to help formulate a plan in managing the inflammatory conditions of ear. Otalgia constitutes the most prominent of the symptoms in external and middle ear inflammations whereas vertigo, tinnitus and sensory hearing loss form the symptom complex for inner ear infections. It is necessary to understand the basic pathophysiology of the inflammatory condition to be able to institute a targetted treatment. The audiometry impedance studies, microbiology of discharge and occasionally ABR and CT scan from the mainstay of investigative workup. The treatment is specific and based on the precise diagnosis. It often requires the help of an otolaryngologist. Decisions may have to be made with regards to the need for any surgical intervention particularly in acute otitis media, an external canal abscess or an acute mastoiditis. A case of chronic otitis media with facial palsy or vertigo (labyrinthitis being a possibility) needs urgent intervention.
Early stroke recognition: Developing an Out-of-hospital NIH Stroke Scale; Objective: To develop an abbreviated and practical neurologic scale that could assist emergency medical services or triage personnel in identifying patients with stroke. Methods: A prospective, observational, cohort study was performed at university-based EDs. Participants were 74 patients treated in a thrombolytic stroke trial and 225 consecutive non-stroke patients evaluated during 4 random 12-hour shifts in the ED. Scores on the NIH Stroke Scale were obtained for all patients by physicians. Items of this scale were modified and recoded to a binomial (normal or abnormal) scale. Serial univariate analyses using X2 were performed to rank items. Recursive partitioning was then performed to develop the decision rule for predicting the presence of stroke. Results: Three items identified 100% of patients with stroke: facial palsy, motor arm, and dysarthria. An Abbreviated NIH Stroke Scale based on these items had a sensitivity of 100% and a specificity of 92%. A proposed Out-of-hospital NIH Stroke Scale consisting of facial palsy, motor arm, and a combination of dysarthria and best language items (abnormal speech) had a sensitivity of 100% and a specificity of 88%. Conclusion: Using the derivation data set, a proposed Out-of-hospital NIH Stroke Scale had a high sensitivity and specificity for identifying patients with stroke when performed by physicians in this group of 299 ED patients. Prospective studies of other health care professionals using the scale in the out-of-hospital arena are needed.
Cochlear implants in children: What constitutes a complication?; The surgeon must ultimately accept the responsibility for any complications that occur as the result of a cochlear implant. Listening to the cochlear implant team members and responding to their needs may enhance the child's progress. Surgical complications, (i.e., skinflap problems, infection, and facial paralysis) are indeed infrequent, but nonsurgical problems are not. Surgical and nonsurgical experiences were reviewed in 55 children. Ages ranged from 23 months to 18 years at the time of cochlear implantation, which occurred from 1984 to 1995. There were no surgical complications. However, the most common surgical obstacle was ossification, which was present in 40% and undetected by computed tomographic scanning in 16.3% of children. Ossification occurred at the round window and scala tympani in 32.7% and involved the cochlea more extensively in 7.3% of children. In only one child was the cochlea entirely ossified. There were, however, many nonsurgical problems that were viewed as complications in patient management. The single most important complication was device failure. This occurred in 10.9% (5/46) of children with the Cochlear Corporation multichannel implant. Head banging and other temper tantrums, parental interference with rehabilitation, socioeconomic factors, poor compliance by the family unit, equipment problems, educational deficiencies, and impatience with habilitative training were some of the other problems.
A case of right cranial polyneuropathy following the onset of herpetic eruptions associated with severe pain on the left cranial and cervical regions; We describe a case presenting herpetic eruptions and pain in the left cranial and cervical regions, followed by right cranial polyneuropathy. The patient, a 66-yr-old male, developed a diphasic syndrome which was first characterized by herpetic eruptions on the whole of his left cranial and cervical regions with severe pain and left facial nerve palsy. Two weeks later, right multiple cranial nerve palsies of III, V, and VII and an increase in CSF protein appeared in a second phase. Neuroimaging technique (MRI) did not provide any evidence of brain involvement. The immediate use of steroid therapy led to improvement of the symptoms of cranial polyneuropathy. The clinical course suggests that reactivation of a latent herpes simplex virus may have been the etiologic cause of the cranial polyneuropathy. Steroid therapy should be applied to the treatment of cranial polyneuropathy in patients showing a similar pattern to this case.
Bilateral acoustic neurofibromas - Report of two cases; We experienced 2 cases of bilateral acoustic neurofibromas with presentation of sudden sensorineural hearing loss. One patient received conservative treatment and died 6 months later. The other patient received surgical excision for right side tumor. There was no tumor recurrence after 3.5-year follow up, but right total deafness and facial palsy resulted postoperatively. Radiosurgery was performed on the left side tumor, and hearing as well as life quality was maintained in spite of persistence of tumor mass.
Bilateral posteroventral pallidotomy in advanced Parkinson's disease in three patients; In this report, we describe the effect of staged bilateral posteroventral pallidotomy in three patients with advanced Parkinson's disease who were all of the young-onset type. Two patients had developed response fluctuations after the use of levodopa, with severe hypokinesia, painful dystonia, and rigidity in the 'off' phase and violent dyskinesias in the 'on' phase. One patient, in a continuous hypokinetic rigid state, was totally unresponsive to dopaminergic medication. All were at Hoehn and Yahr stage 5 in the 'off' phase before surgery. After surgery, the hypokinetic state was reversed and dyskinesias were abolished in all patients. Hoehn and Yahr stages were 3 in the 'off' phase postoperatively. Overall functional improvement was marked and lasting after follow-up for 7, 12, and 13 months, respectively. Complications were visual field deficit and transient central facial paresis, both in the same patient. Bilateral posteroventral pallidotomy can ameliorate response fluctuations, hypokinesia, rigidity, and painful dystonia in advanced Parkinson's disease.
An anatomical study of the motor distribution of the mandibular nerve for a masseteric-facial anastomosis to restore facial function; On account of the complex anatomy at the base of skull, surgery here may result in post operative cranial n. deficits. Facial palsy is often feared and its effects upon the patient's psychological and emotional well-being can be catastrophic. The modest results and the side effects of the facio-hypoglossal anastomosis used for facial rehabilitation have led us to consider an anastomosis between a motor branch of the trigeminal n. and the facial n. Dissection has allowed us to demonstrate that the masseteric n. offers the characteristics and the relationships which should make such an anastomosis feasible.
Systemic lupus erythematosus associated with transverse myelitis and Parkinsonian symptoms; A 31-year old woman developed transverse myelitis after 10 years remission since she was first diagnosed as systemic lupus erythematosus. Although pulse methyl prednisolone resolved her myelitis, Parkinson-like symptoms developed subsequently after reduction of steroid. Treatments including apheresis did not improve her Parkinson-like symptoms such as rigidity, akinesia, impairment of speech and mask-like facial expression. Levodopa was effective as a symptomatic therapy. Orally administered cyclophosphamide eventually led her to remission and withdrawal from levodopa. Her clinical course and the absence of other possible causes prompted us to conclude that Parkinsonian symptoms as well as transverse myelitis may have developed as manifestations of central nervous system lupus.
Radiation tolerance of the cochlear nerve at the γ-knife in rabbits; Since the first treatment of acoustic neurinoma using the γ-knife by Leksell, a series of cases have been reported with good control rates. However, the most frequent complication is delayed hearing loss which occurs in more than 50% of patients. The purpose of this study was to define a safe dose by analyzing the radiosurgical dose-response relationship and hitstological effects on the normal cochlear nerve in rabbit. The rabbits had computed tomography (CT)-guided stereotactic radiosurgery on their cochlear nerves in the internal auditory canal with a 4 mm collimator focusing of a γ-unit. Maximum doses of 10, 20, 30, 40, 60, 80, 100, 200 and 500 Gy were administered. After the radiosurgery, auditory brain stem responses (ABR) and the behavior of the rabbits were evaluated periodically. At the conclusion, histological investigations were performed. No physiological or histological findings were observed from doses of 30 Gy or below during the 12 month period after the radiosurgery. A dose of 100 Gy caused a severe ABR threshold elevation, vestibular dysfunction and facial palsy. Necrosis and demyelimation of nerves were observed pathologically. In this study we determined that the safe dose to the normal cochlear nerve during radiosurgery was under 40 Gym rabbits, and complications seemed to vary due to individual differences in radiation tolerance.
'Critically ill' polyneuropathy; 'Critically ill' polyneuropathy occurs in patients with artificial respiration. It is more frequent in men than in women. The most frequent underlying diseases, in the course of which CIP was found, were pneumonias, traumas and major surgery. In most cases sepsis and/or multiple organ dysfunction syndrome can be observed. Symmetrical motor polyneuropathy is the typical clinical pattern. In many cases the thoracic muscles are also involved. In some cases facial pareses and ophthalmoplegia may occur. Sensory disturbances are rather rare. The EMG often shows a myopathic pattern in addition to the neuropathic pattern. Morphologically, CIP is an axonal degeneration. The rate of lethality is high. In surviving patients there is a 50% chance of full remission.
Hemifacial spasm resulting from facial nerve compression near the internal acoustic meatus; A 61-year-old female presented with a rare case of hemifacial spasm (HFS) resulting from facial nerve compression near the internal acoustic meatus. She underwent a first surgery for microvascular decompression at the root entry zone of the facial nerve, but this did not achieve resolution of the HFS. During the second surgery, the meatal loop of the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) was found to be the offending artery near the internal acoustic meatus. When the AICA was dissected and separated from the facial nerve, abnormal muscle responses of the mentalis muscle due to electrical stimulation of the zygomatic branch of the facial nerve were abolished. Following surgery the patient was completely free of the HFS.
Clinical outcome of continuous facial nerve monitoring during primary parotidectomy; Objectives: To assess whether continuous facial nerve monitoring during parotidectomy is associated with a lower incidence of facial nerve paresis or paralysis compared with parotidectomy without monitoring and to assess the cost of such monitoring. Design: A retrospective analysis of outcomes for patients who underwent parotidectomy with or without continuous facial nerve monitoring. Setting: University medical center. Patients: Fifty-six patients undergoing parotidectomy in whom continuous electromyographic monitoring was used and 61 patients in whom it was not used. Main Outcome Measures: (1) The incidence of early and persistent facial nerve paresis or paralysis and (2) the cost associated with facial nerve monitoring. Results: Early, unintentional facial weakness was significantly lower in the group monitored by electromyograpy (43.6%) than in the unmonitored group (62.3%) (P=.04). In the subgroup of patients without comorbid conditions or surgeries, early weakness in the monitored group (33.3%) remained statistically lower than the rate of early weakness in the unmonitored group (57.5%) (P=.03). There was no statistical difference in the final facial nerve function or incidence of permanent nerve injury between the groups or subgroups. After multivariate analysis, nonmonitored status (odds ratio [OR], 3.22), advancing age (OR, 1.47 per 10 years), and longer operative times (OR, 1.3 per hour) were the only significant independent predictive variables significantly associated with early postoperative facial weakness. The incremental cost of facial nerve monitoring was $379. Conclusions: The results suggest that continuous electromyographic monitoring of facial muscle during primary parotidectomy reduces the incidence of short-term postoperative facial paresis. Advantages and disadvantages of this technique need to be considered together with the additional costs in deciding whether routine use of continuous monitoring is a useful, cost-effective adjunct to parotid surgery.
Facial nerve function after parotidectomy; Objectives: To analyze the incidence of facial nerve dysfunction following parotidectomy and to correlate this with the extent of parotid gland resection, the pathological diagnosis, and the clinical setting. Design: A review of prospectively collected data from a dedicated computerized head and neck database. Setting: Tertiary care center. Patients: Between 1987 and 1995, 248 patients underwent 259 parotidectomies performed by the same surgeon (C.J.O'B.). Indications were clinical tumor (n=213) or sialadenitis (n=46). There were 235 previously untreated patients and 13 who had undergone a prior operation on that side. Facial nerve function was normal in 242 patients and abnormal before surgery in 6. Cancers accounted for 88 parotidectomies and benign disease accounted for 171. Of 213 clinical tumors, 41 (19%) were situated deep to the plane of the facial nerve. Results: The facial nerve was intentionally sacrificed in 28 of 259 operations (18 total and 10 partial sacrifice). In 230 parotidectomies in which facial nerve function was normal before surgery and the nerve was preserved, the incidence of initial postoperative facial weakness Was 29%. Based on the diagnosis and extent of surgery, rates of facial weakness were 16.5% and 13%, respectively, for benign and malignant tumors located in the superficial lobe and treated with limited superficial parotidectomy; 30% and 34% for sialadenitis treated with complete superficial parotidectomy and near-total parotidectomy, respectively; 31% and 100%, respectively, for benign and malignant lobe tumors treated with near-total parotidectomy; 83% for parotidectomy associated with a neck dissection; and 33% for patients who had previous parotid surgery. Permanent weakness occurred in 13 (5.6%) of 230 patients, but 10 of these 13 had simultaneous neck dissection and facial nerve dysfunction involved only the marginal mandibular branch. Recovery of normal facial movements occurred within 6 months in 46 (68%) of 67 of those with initial weakness. Conclusions: The likelihood of temporary facial weakness correlated with the extent of surgery and was especially influenced by tumor location deep to the plane of the facial nerve, previous parotid surgery, a diagnosis of sialadenitis, and the addition of neck dissection to the parotidectomy. Permanent weakness mainly affected the marginal mandibular branch when neck dissection was included.
Polysomnographic studies in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; We retrospectively reviewed 17 polysomnograms (PSG) in symptomatic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) patients to assess the type and frequency of sleep disordered events and correlated these findings with pulmonary function tests (PFTs), presenting complaints, presence of bulbar dysfunction, and response to bi-level positive airway pressure (PAP) treatment. PSG revealed abnormalities in 16 patients. Complaints of orthopnea, daytime sleepiness (but not morning headaches) and a low negative inspiratory force (NIF) correlated with sleep disruption. However, neither the forced vital capacity (FVC) nor the NIF reliably predicted any specific PSG finding. Twelve of 13 patients treated with bi-level PAP responded favorably. Since the response to bi-level PAP is frequently gratifying, PSG should strongly be considered in ALS patients with suspected sleep disturbances.
The surgical management of recurrent or residual pleomorphic adenomas of the parotid gland. Analysis and results in 40 patients; From 1974 to 1995, 40 patients were treated surgically at the University Hospital Vrije, Universiteit Amsterdam for recurrent or residual pleomorphic adenomas of the parotid gland after previous surgery. The median interval between the initial procedure and surgery for the recurrence was 122 months. Eleven patients had one or more attempts to resect tumor recurrences prior to referral. During reoperation at this institution it was decided to refrain from tumor resection in three patients. Tumor control in two of these patients was achieved using radiotherapy. In the third patient a 'wait-and-see' policy was adopted. The other 37 patients underwent en bloc surgical excisions of their tumor and/or previously incised tissues. Among the 36 patients operated for histopathologically benign disease, 16 received postoperative radiotherapy (to 6500 cGy). None developed a further recurrence, the median follow-up being 106 months. Only one of these patients experienced permanent segmental facial nerve paralysis. Malignant transformation of tumor occurred in two patients. One of these patients died of locoregional disease after surgery and radiotherapy. Radical tumor resection was deferred in the other patient, with tumor control achieved using radiotherapy (7000 cGy). However, since recurrent disease tends to be multifocal in origin, prolonged routine follow-up is required.
Facial nerve palsy following sagittal split mandibular osteotomy: Case report; Sagittal split mandibular osteotomy has become a common maxillofacial surgical procedure, but complications occasionally result. Infraalveolar nerve palsy has frequently been reported, although facial nerve palsy has been reported only 12 times since 1972. We report a case of facial nerve palsy following sagittal split mandibular osteotomy and review the literature. A 19-year-old-man who had cleft lip and palate underwent sagittaI split mandibular osteotomy (modified Obwegeser-Dalpont technique) and genioplasty to correct malocclusion and facial asymmetry. When horizontal osteotomy of the ramus was performed, the chisel hit the parotid grand and came into the proximity of the mastoid process because a retractor slipped from the lateral border of the ramus. Facial nerve palsy of the left side occurred on the first postoperative day. Temporal branch palsy improved slightly 2 weeks after surgery, but buccal branch and marginal mandibular branch palsy remained. Full recovery from facial palsy was observed by 6 months after surgery without treatment. It was suspected that the cause of facial nerve palsy was the direct local myelin damage by the chisel. Therefore the importance of care during surgery is emphasized.
Pediatric facial paralysis - A spirochetal infection with good prognosis?; The aim of the study was to investigate the possible signs of chronic spirochetal infection in 27 children with a history of facial paralysis with onset of symptoms during May-October 1985-1993. These children had not been studied at the time of facial paralysis for possible Lyme borreliosis and none of these children had received antimicrobial therapy at that time. The patients were interviewed with special reference to symptoms and signs of Lyme borreliosis and thereafter examined clinically and with laboratory tests. None of the patients showed signs or symptoms of chronic Lyme borreliosis. One child-now a 14-year old girl-had a 4-fold rise in serum Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies as a sign of a recent infection. According to our prospective studies on pediatric facial paralysis in Finland (over 50% of children presenting with facial paralysis during May-October have Lyme borreliosis), we have a reason to assume that at least some in our study group had a facial paralysis caused by Borrelia burgdorferi infection. The results of our study indicate that facial paralysis has a favorable prognosis and in short-term follow-up the children do not have symptoms or signs of chronic Lyme borreliosis.
Diagnosis and management of neurological sarcoidosis; Background: Neurological involvement is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with sarcoidosis. Detection and management of neurosarcoidosis remains problematic. Our interest in immunosuppressive agents for chronic sarcoidosis has given us experience with various agents for the treatment of sarcoidosis, including cyclophosphamide and methotrexate. Methods: We analyzed all patients with sarcoidosis seen in our clinic during a 10-year period. Evaluation for neurological disease included routine physical examination. Magnetic resonance imaging, cerebral spinal fluid analysis, and neural tissue biopsy were performed where clinically indicated. Patients were treated with corticosteroids, methotrexate, or cyclophosphamide. Results: Neurological disease was identified in 71 of 554 patients with sarcoidosis. Seventh (facial) cranial nerve paralysis was the most common manifestation identified in 39 patients. This included 24 patients with facial nerve palsy as the only manifestation of neurological sarcoidosis in whom complete recovery was seen in all but 1 patient. Forty- eight patients with disease other than facial nerve palsy received corticosteroids or other therapies. Corticosteroids benefited only 14 patients (29%). Methotrexate successfully treated 17 (619%) of 28 patients and cyclophosphamide controlled disease in 9 (90%) of 10 assessable patients. Methotrexate and cyclophosphamide were each associated with a higher response rate than corticosteroids alone (χ2, 14.6; P<.001). Conclusions: Neurological symptoms can be significant manifestations of sarcoidosis. Facial nerve paralysis is a common, but usually self-limited form of disease. Other manifestations are usually chronic and agents other than corticosteroids appear to have increased efficacy with lower morbidity.
Evoked facial nerve EMG and brainstem auditory evoked potential monitoring in cerebellopontine angle tumor resection.; BACKGROUND: The preservation of normal nerve function or identification of nerve route is critical in some surgeries of cerebellopontine angle tumors. Over the last 5 years, intraoperative facial nerve electromyogram (EMG) and brainstem auditory evoked potential (BAEP) were applied for evaluation of facial nerve integrity and brainstem function in patients while undergoing resection of cerebellopontine angle (CPA) tumor. This report represents the retrospective analysis of our results. METHODS: The inhalational anesthesia with 1-1.5% isoflurane in pure O2 was used. Muscle relaxation was maintained with continuous infusion of atracurium. The degree of muscle relaxation was aimed at a T4/T1 ratio of train-of-four response more than 20% of the adductus pollicis upon ulnar nerve stimulation at the wrist. In 236 patients suffering from CPA tumor without facial palsy, the EMG of the mentalis muscle ipisilateral to the tumor was obtained through stimulation of the facial nerve. The stimulation was applied with a nerve finder, which delivered an electrical stimulation of a single 2 mamp direct current. The EMG finding was compared with the clinical result. In 198 patients, BAEP was used to monitor the brainstem function during tumor resection. In case of intact hearing the BAEP was taken ipsilateral to the operation side and in case with total hearing loss contralateral BAEP to operation side was used. For BAEP stimulation, 90 db click sound stimulation with frequency of 11.26 Hz was applied to both ears. BAEP signals were obtained and recorded at the mastoid region of either side in reference to the vertex. The EMG and BAEP signals were recorded and saved to an evoked potential monitor. RESULTS: In facial nerve EMG monitoring, there were two false positive and no false negative tests. Except for the two false positive tests, the postoperative clinical results in the other cases were compatible with the intraoperative facial nerve EMG findings. In BAEP monitoring, there were twenty-eight positive tests. CONCLUSIONS: The low incidence of false negative test suggests that facial nerve EMG is valuable in detection of facial nerve function in CPA tumor resection. Intraoperative BAEP abnormality is possibly useful in identifying postoperative brainstem dysfunction.
Melkersson-Rosenthal's syndrome. Three case reports; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is characterized by facial paralysis, facial edema and lingua plicata. We show three cases: two incompleted cases and a complete one. There aren't neither allergic base, nor family character, nor associating infections. A just case had relation with autoimmune disease. All of them are factors which are relationed with this syndrome. Our cases subsided with glucocorticosteroids, without other alternative therapy (sulfanilamides, metronidazole or clofazimine).
Lyme disease and seventh nerve paralysis in children; Purpose: This study was undertaken to determine the frequency of Lyme disease (LD) as a cause of transient facial nerve palsy (FNP) in children. Acute onset FNP in children has been primarily associated with acute otitis media (AOM). Recently, LD has emerged in regions where the deer-tick vector is present and has been associated with multiple cranial neuropathies. Patients and Methods: Fifty children with transient FNP were evaluated and treated at our institution over a 5.5-year period. Results: The rank of etiologies confirmed LD to now be the most common (50%), followed by AOM (12%), varicella (6%), Herpes zoster (4%), and coxsackievirus (2%). Thirteen children (26%) had idiopathic FNP consistent with Bell's palsy. Conclusion: We conclude that transient FNP in children is most commonly caused by LD for regions with endemic infections caused by Borrelia burgdorferi.
Molecular temporal bone pathology: II. Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus); In 1907 J. Ramsay Hunt suggested that herpes zoster oticus resulted from a geniculate ganglionitis; however, many contemporary authors believe that this disorder represents a neuritis or polycranial neuropathy. Herpes varicella-zoster vital (VZV) DNA was identified, using the polymerase chain re-action, in archival celloidin-embedded temporal bone sections from two patients who clinically had Ramsay Hunt syndrome (herpes zoster oticus). The presence of VZV was confirmed by sequencing the PCR products. These experiments demonstrated that VZV genomic DNA was present in the geniculate ganglion of the side with facial paralysis and cutaneous recrudescence in both patients and in the clinically unaffected side in patient 1. In addition, patient 2 had a sudden hearing loss and was found to have VZV genomic DNA in sections from the affected side containing the spiral ganglion, Scarpa's ganglion, organ of Corti, and macula of the saceale. No VZV genomic DNA was identified in temporal bone sections from five patients with Bell's palsy and ten patients without evidence of otologic disease. In this study, the histopathology of these two cases yielded complementary information regarding the role of VZV in herpes zoster oticus. These data suggest that in patients with Ram-say Hunt syndrome, latent VZV is located in the geniculate ganglia and may be present in the auditory and vestibular primary afferent ganglia in some patients.
Facial nerve paralysis after intratemporal and extratemporal blunt trauma; Definitive facial nerve paralysis by intratemporal and extratemporal blunt injury is uncommon. Facial palsy as a result of closed temporal trauma is assumed to result if a petrous or temporal fracture is produced. Injury of the extratemporal trunk is extremely rare, but peripheral branches can be more easily injured. An exhaustive examination is necessary for an assessment if facial nerve damage is inside its bony canal or if it is severed distal to the stylomastoid foramen. Evaluation of facial muscle tone and motion, tear production, taste distribution, and stapedius muscle function must be evaluated. Electroneurography is mandatory because it is an important prognosis factor. Many prognosis factors must also be considered. Computed tomographic scan is also mandatory for providing localization of temporal fractures. Of 30 patients with facial paralysis registered by us between 1991 to 1996, 5 (17%) blunt trauma was the cause. In 2 of these patients with facial paralysis by extratemporal injury, showing selective facial branch injuries (one in the buccal branch and another in the marginal mandibular branch), recovery was complete and spontaneous. Another patient presented with a definitive selective buccal branch palsy after a complete facial paralysis produced by blunt preauricular injury. Of another 2 patients with facial paralysis by intratemporal injury without fracture, 1 recovered and the other did not. In 4 of the just-mentioned 5 patients, prednisolone was prescribed 1 week after trauma; no patients underwent surgical treatment. In conclusion, an extratemporal blunt trauma can produce a temporary facial palsy or paresis by injury of the main trunk or peripheral facial branch; however, recovery is usually complete. Intratemporal closed trauma with or without temporal fractures can produce a definitive facial nerve paralysis; recovery is uncertain.
Differential diagnosis of facial nerve palsy; Facial nerve palsy is the most frequent neurological presentation of sarcoidosis. It occurs with equal frequency on the right or left side, and equally unilateral or bilateral. When bilateral facial palsy develops in a young adult, sarcoidosis is the most likely cause. In our series of 147 patients with ocular sarcoidosis, facial palsy occurred in 12 per cent and parotid gland enlargement in 10 per cent. Resolution of facial palsy is complete in 80 per cent of patients. It does not recur, unlike orofacial granulomatosis in which facial palsy tends to be recurrent. The differential diagnosis is large (Table I) and needs full investigation ill order to provide a better understanding of the treatment and prognosis. A 7-point scheme of management is set out for the patient with idiopathic facial nerve palsy.
Diagnostic value of cerebrospinal fluid examination in children with peripheral facial palsy and suspected Lyme borreliosis; Our objective was to determine the diagnostic value of CSF examinations in the diagnosis of neuroborreliosis in children with peripheral facial palsy (PFP). Paired serum and CSF samples from 21 children with PFP were investigated for antibody responses to Borrelia burgdorferi antigens using three different ELISA systems and one Western blot assay. Twenty of the children (95%) had detestable immunoglobin (Ig) M or IgG in the acute-phase serum, but discrepancies between serologic assays were noted in 33% for IgM and 22 to 50% for IgG. Intrathecal specific-antibody production was detected in five of the 20 seropositive children (25%). These five patients showed seroconversion in convalescent sera in at least one assay. Similar seroconversion suggesting recent infection with B. burgdorferi was observed in eight of the 10 children (80%) without intrathecal specific-antibody production, from whom convalescent serum samples could be obtained. All patients with intrathecal antibodies or seroconversion had shown lymphocytic pleocytosis in the acute phase of PFP. In the acute phase of PFP the detection of intrathecal production of antibodies to B. burgdorferi allows prompt diagnosis of neuroborreliosis. For patients with lymphocytic pleocytosis but no detectable intrathecal antibodies, analysis of convalescent serum may help to establish this diagnosis.
Multiple sclerosis: A consideration in acute cranial nerve palsies; Objective: This study aimed to heighten the awareness of multiple sclerosis (MS) as a cause of multiple acute cranial nerve palsies. Data Sources: The authors report on a case with audiovestibular and facial nerve deficits as the manifesting symptoms of MS. A literature review of brain stem-presenting clinical features of MS was carried out using key words in a Medline search from 1969 through 1996. In addition, relevant articles from earlier reports were obtained. Conclusion: Brain stem involvement occurs as the presenting feature of MS in up to 15% of cases. Prompt diagnosis and early treatment may reduce morbidity of this common neurologic condition, and a high index of suspicion needs to be maintained to avoid misdiagnosis.
A case of rapidly progressive T cell type malignant lymphoma which started with multiple cranial neuropathy; A 35-year-old man had suffered from recurrent right trigeminal nerve palsy and flaccid paraparesis for about five months. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) showed s marked increase of protein (400mg/dl) and mononuclear cells (146/mm3), but there were no malignant cells. Antibiotic therapy remitted his inguinal and mediastinal lymphnodes swelling, and trigeminal nerve palsy had recovered spontaneously. Then he developed left trigeminal and facial nerve palsy, mononeuropathy multiplex, and cauda equina syndrome. Nerve conduction studies revealed delayed velocity and reduction of amplitude. Enhanced magnetic resonance imaging showed increased signal intensity in bilateral trigeminal nerves, left internal auditory meatus, and meninges of the basal cistern. Also, there were two mass lesions in cauda equina. They were operated by orthopedist, and were not malignant. After that, CSF cells of malignant lymphoma were elevated and revealed T cell type (large cell). Then the patient exacerbated in bulbar palsy and died. When there is lymphnode swelling with multiple neurological deficits, despite remission of lesions and signs, biopsies should be positively pursued early in the patient's clinical course.
Neurosarcoidosis: A personal perspective based on the study of 37 patients; Clinically apparent involvement of the nervous system occurs in a relatively small number of patients with sarcoidosis. The diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis is often difficult and particularly so in patients who lack either pulmonary or systemic manifestations of sarcoidosis. Furthermore, clinical features of neurosarcoidosis are extremely variable. In this series of 37 patients, seen during the last 30 years, cranial nerve palsies occurred in 52%, polyneuritis or polyneuropathy in 24%, meningeal involvement in 24%, muscle disease in 8%, and Guillain-Barre syndrome in 5% of the patients. Other presentations included seizures, brain mass, pituitary/hypothalamic syndrome, and memory loss associated with confusion. The chest radiograph was abnormal in 8 of every 10 patients with neurosarcoidosis. In 18 (85%) of 21 patients, gallium uptake was consistent with the diagnosis of active sarcoidosis. Serum angiotensin-converting enzyme levels were raised in about half of the patients. Cerebrospinal fluid features, including lymphocyte pleocytosis, raised protein levels, and decreased glucose concentration, were of little help. MRI with gadolinium enhancement was the most sensitive diagnostic tool, particularly in patients with meningeal involvement. The ultimate arbiter of the diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis, the presence of noncaseating granulomas in the involved tissue, was not always available. Although corticosteroids are the mainstay of therapy, in this series, 12 patients received chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine. Prognosis of chronic neurosarcoidosis is poor. Six (18%) of 37 patients died of complications related to sarcoidosis.
Dystonic reaction to a phenothiazine presenting as Bell's palsy; An 11-year-old boy presented to the pediatric ED with signs and symptoms of Bell's palsy, which was believed to be a result of otitis media. He subsequently began to list to the left and could not walk erect. Because of a history of prochlorperazine use for vomiting, a diagnosis of a dystonic reaction to a phenothiazine was made, and the patient was treated with intravenous diphenhydramine. All symptoms resolved, including seventh nerve palsy, within 5 minutes of treatment. Medications are often prescribed by physicians for vomiting without caretakers being aware of the side effects. Dystonic reactions can be severe and present with myriad neurologic signs and symptoms.
Facial paralysis: Management in emergency; Most of the facial paralysis are Bell's palsy, but before to select this diagnosis, particularly in emergency, the physician must research other etiologies as viral infection (herpes zoster), meningitis... In case of trauma, the initial grading of the paralysis, the associated lesions and C.T. Scan results, will determinate the opportunity of surgical treatment. In all cases, a particular care will be done for eye protection. If the recovery of the facial function, after weeks, is non-existent, the diagnosis of Bell's palsy will be discuss, and another etiology suspected, like a tumor of the facial nerve.
Acoustic neuroma and the eye; A retrospective survey is presented of the case records of 138 patients who had undergone operative treatment for acoustic neuroma. The nature and incidence of ophthalmic features prior to and following surgery is documented. The study covers 12 years in two regional neurosurgical centres, under the care of six different neurosurgeons, one otolaryngologist and nine ophthalmologists. Of the 138 records examined, 61 patients (44%) required lid surgery of one variety or another. 18 (13%) developed minor superficial exposure keratopathy, 13 (9%) developed corneal opacification or clouding, two had recurrent infective abscesses and four developed optic atrophy. The development of corneal complications strongly correlates with the presence of documented preoperative fifth nerve involvement. Postoperative oculomotor cranial nerve palsies were seen in 10 patients (7%). Ophthalmologists should be involved in the perioperative management of these patients and certainly before irreversible corneal damage has occurred.
Gamma knife radiosurgery for acoustic neurinomas - Part 2: The analysis of functional outcome; Forty-three patients with the unilateral type of acoustic neurinoma treated by gamma knife radiosurgery were evaluated from the viewpoint of functional preservation of cranial nerves and complications. The follow-up period ranged from 22 to 55 months (mean 36 months). The tumors, which ranged in volume from 0.1 to 18.7 ml (mean 4.0 ml), were treated with marginal radiation doses of 9-15 Gy (mean 13.4 Gy) with multiple isocenters (mean 8.7). Functional hearing was preserved in 80% of patients, and actuarial hearing preservation rates were 83% at 1 year, 77% at 2 years, and 77% at 3 years after gamma knife radiosurgery. No factor was found to correlate with hearing deterioration using Cox's proportional hazards regression model. Transient facial and trigeminal neuropathies occurred in 2.3%o and 4.7% of patients, respectively. Ten patients (23%) experienced transient dizziness 3 to 6 months after radiosurgery, but only preradiosurgery canal palsy was found to correlate with this using multiple regression analysis (p=0.02). Three patients developed communicating hydrocephalus, which may have been due to the high cerebrospinal fluid protein concentration (mean 149 mg/dl). Our results show that gamma knife radiosurgery should be considered as alternative therapy for patients with small to medium sized acoustic neurinomas, especially in those with functional hearing, due to the high cranial nerve function preservation rates achieved with this procedure.
Nasal turbinate dislocation caused by nasotracheal intubation; A case of nasal turbinate dislocation secondary to nasotracheal intubation is presented. Although mild epistaxis had occurred in the days following extubation, the complication was not recognized until the patient presented with headache and impairment of nasal breathing 6 months later. Endoscopy revealed the dislocation of the middle turbinate into the nasopharynx. Treatment by resection of the dislodged turbinate resulted in relief of symptoms. Physicians should be aware of the possibility of severe nasal damage following even apparently uncomplicated intubation and obtain consultation by an otorhinolaryngologist after epistaxis or obstructed nasal breathing.
Secondary deformities following mandibular reconstruction; Restoration of secondary deformities following mandible reconstruction is a difficult challenge. Prevention is sometimes possible by careful planning, but frequently these problems are unavoidable. Thoughtful analysis of the deformity and individualized treatment planning are key ingredients of proper management.
Bell's palsy: an update on idiopathic facial paralysis.; Patients with Bell's palsy, or idiopathic facial paralysis, present sporadically in the primary care setting. New evidence implicates reactivated herpes simplex virus (HSV) as the etiologic agent in greater than 70% of cases diagnosed as Bell's palsy. Careful evaluation of the patient with facial paralysis, including history, physical examination, and diagnostic assessment, may mandate the expeditious treatment of facial paralysis to prevent faulty nerve regeneration during the recovery period. Using the results of an objective tool for grading resting facial symmetry, symmetry of voluntary movement, and synkinesis can provide a quantitative measurement for decision making. These data are also useful in documenting progression or regression of the patient's facial paralysis. Administration of acyclovir with prednisone improves the recovery of complete facial functioning following an episode of Bell's palsy. During the acute and convalescent stages, the eye on the affected side must be protected until function is restored to the facial nerve. Residual effects of Bell's palsy lasting more than 6 months may indicate another diagnosis and the need to refer the patient to a specialist.
Intracranial dural arteriovenous fistulae with pial venous drainage: Combined endovascular - Neurosurgical therapy; Background: Intracranial dural arteriovenous fistula with pial venous drainage may present with hemorrhage or focal neurologic deficit and may be difficult to treat. We wish to summarize the therapeutic approaches to these potentially dangerous lesions and to demonstrate how endovascular and neurosurgical therapies may have complimentary roles in their management. Methods: The clinical and radiological records of all patients who presented to our institution with intracranial dural arteriovenous fistula over the last 5 years were reviewed. In those cases demonstrating pial venous drainage, details of presentation, imaging features, endovascular and surgical therapy and outcome were analyzed. Results: We identified 13 patients with these lesions, 7 of whom presented with intracranial hemorrhage. Six patients were treated with embolization alone. Angiographic cure was achieved in 4. There was one complication in this group, a subarachnoid hemorrhage following glue injection. Four patients were treated with embolization followed by surgical occlusion of the pial venous drainage. Angiogmphic care was achieved in all 4. There was one complication in this group, a facial nerve palsy following glue injection. Three patients were treated by surgery alone, with no complications and complete cure in all. Conclusion: Endovascular therapy of intracranial dural arteriovenous fistula may be curative but is often complex and carries definite risks. Neurosurgical ligation of pial draining veins, with pre-operative embolization when safe, may be a relatively more controlled method to achieve complete cure.
Bell's Palsy: Update on causes, recognition, and management; Bell's palsy is an acute, unilateral, lower motor neuron paralysis of the seventh cranial nerve. Principal manifestations are loss of facial expression and of voluntary facial and scalp movement on the affected side, facial numbness, excessive tearing of and inability to dose the ipsilateral eye, and pain behind the ear. Variable manifestations include loss of taste, hyperacusis, and dryness of the ipsilateral eye. Although corticosteroid therapy is given routinely, 80% to 85% of patients with Bell's palsy recover completely without treatment. More recent evidence implicates herpes simplex virus as the chief cause of this disorder; treatment with acyclovir plus corticosteroids may prove beneficial.
Chondrosarcoma of the temporal bone with intractable facial palsy: A case report; A 42 year old woman was complaining of left facial palsy even after kinds of treatment had been performed in other hospitals. Radiological examinations revealed an irregular mass shadow with bony destruction in the left temporal bone. The mass was histologically diagnosed as chondrosar coma. It was removed by skull base surgery with transmastoid approach. Clinical manifestations and treatment methods of the temporal bone chondrosarcoma were discussed.
Salivary duct carcinoma of the parotid gland: A case report; Salivary duct carcinoma is rare and was first described by Kleinsasser in 1968. We present a 59-year old female who complained of right facial paresis associated with parotid gland carcinoma. Total parotidectomy including right facial nerve transection and right supraomohyoid neck dissection was performed. Despite of this operative procedures and postoperative radiotherapy, the patient died of distant metastasis.
Facial palsy and Lyme borreliosis: Long-term follow-up of children with antibiotically untreated 'idiopathic' facial palsy; We report on the follow-up of 28 patients, who were admitted to our hospitals between 1968 and 1984, and who, at that time, were diagnosed as having idiopathic facial palsy. These children were neither tested for Lyme borreliosis (LB) nor did they receive antibiotic treatment. In those days LB was an unfamiliar infection. Today we can assume that approximately 30%-50% of the patients we studied represent actual cases of neuroborreliosis. We, therefore, considered them an appropriate model in studying the spontaneous course of LB in children. The analysis of the questionnaire designed for our study as well as the supplementary clinical and serological reexaminations in some cases provided no evidence that neuroborreliosis led to relevant health disorders in any of the children (follow-up 10 to 26 years, mean 17). The results of our retrospective study led us to conclude that tick-borne facial palsy is relatively benign in children and that neuroborreliosis is insignificantly related to late complications.
Bilateral facial palsy secondary to herpes zoster meningoencephalitis in a HIV-positive woman; Bilateral facial paralysis of diverse infectious aetiologies has been reported in HIV infected patients. We present a patient with bilateral facial palsy most likely due to herpes zoster meningoencephalitis in a patient with neutropenia and who subsequentIy tested HIV-positive.
Surgical management of brain-stem cavernomas; We present a series of seven patients who were operated on for symptomatic brain-stem cavernomas. The following approaches were used: medial suboccipital (N = 4), lateral suboccipital (N = 1), subtemporal- transtentorial (N = 1), and frontal transcortical-transventricular- subchorioidaltrans velum interpositum (N = 1). Intraoperative motor (N = 4) and somatosensory (N = 1) evoked potential monitoring revealed temporary changes in 3 patients. Immediately postoperatively, the following additional deficits were observed in 6 patients: oculomotor nerve paresis (N = 2), abducens nerve paresis (N = 3), facial nerve paresis (N = 2), deafness (N = 1), and increased ataxia (N = 3). One patient died due to septic complications not related to surgery. After a mean observation time of 2 years, 2 patients had improved, 3 were unchanged, and 1 patient deteriorated as compared to his preoperative status. In conclusion, surgical treatment of brain-stem cavernomas, although carrying a significant risk of temporary neurological deterioration is recommended in symptomatic patients in whom the cavernoma seems to reach the surface of the brain-stem. Intraoperative functional topographic mapping and monitoring have proven useful tools lowering the surgical risks in these patients.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension and seventh nerve palsy; Patients with idiopathic intracranial hypertension may occasionally present with coexisting lower motor neuron facial weakness. This study reviews a 6-year experience at Mayo Clinic. The aim of this study was to determine the possible association of idiopathic intracranial hypertension and facial paresis. Two cases were identified. Both fulfilled the modified Dandy's diagnostic criteria for idiopathic intracranial hypertension. Treatment consisted of steroids in one, and emergent optic nerve sheath fenestration in the other. The cranial nerve palsies resolved in both cases.
Quantitative: Analysis of facial motion components: Anatomic and nonanatomic motion in normal persons and in patients with complete facial paralysis; The maximal static response assay of facial motion, described in 1994, enables the simultaneous measurement of multiple facial motions by tracking the positions of specific facial points. While the maximal static response assay provides accurate measurement of facial motion, the analysis of these data lacks the simplicity of a single-number scale such as the House- Brackmann system, a subjective scale traditionally used to classify facial function. The purpose of this study was to develop a simplified numerical index capable of summarizing the data generated by the maximal static response assay in a clinically meaningful way. We also wanted to develop a method whereby only anatomic motion or nonanatomic motion in the paralyzed face could be quantitated. Anatomic motion is the motion of the specific facial points studied by the maximal static response assay that can be attributed solely to the pull of the regional facial muscles that govern the movement of those points. Nonanatomic motion is motion that is secondary to the pull of the unaffected contralateral muscles that is transmitted to the paralyzed hemiface. Thirty-four patients with complete facial paralysis were studied. The maximal static response assay was performed on all patients on presentation to the Facial Nerve Center at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center or after development of complete facial palsy postoperatively. The data from these patients were compared with maximal static response assay data from 26 unaffected controls. The anatomic index of facial motion and the nonanatomic index of facial motion and the nonanatomic index of facial motion were calculated for all study participants. The anatomic index of facial motion measures anatomic facial motion, and the nonanatomic index of facial motion measures nonanatomic facial motion. To calculate the anatomic index of facial motion, the vector magnitudes of the supraorbital, infraorbital, and modiolar motions during brow lift, eye closure, and smile are summed. The anatomic index of facial motion represents a ratio of this sum on the affected side to the corresponding sum on the unaffected side using only anatomic motions. The nonanatomic index of facial motion is a similar ratio using nonanatomic motion only (i.e., motions in directions that cannot be produced by the ipsilateral muscles). The anatomic index of facial motion represents a single number that can be used to asses facial motion. The value of the anatomic index of facial motion for patients with complete facial paralysis is 0.07 ± 0.08. The anatomic index of facial motion for normal individuals is 1.05 ± 0.13 (p < 0.0001, Mann-Whitney rank-sum test). The nonanatomic index of facial motion in normal individual is 0.05 ± 0.08; in patients with complete facial paralysis, it is 0.34 ± 0.32 (p < 0.0001, Mann-Whitney rank-sum test). The nonanatomic index of facial motion in normal individuals is 0.05 ± 0.08; in patients with complete facial paralysis, it is 0.34 ± 0.32 (p < 0.0001, Mann-Whitney rank-sum test). During recovery from complete facial paralysis, the anatomic index of facial motion and the nonanatomic index of facial motion each revert steadily toward normal values. The anatomic index of facial motion and the nonanatomic index of facial motion are single numbers based on the maximal static response assay, which quantitatively, describes anatomic motion and nonanatomic motion in patients with complete facial paralysis. Although patients with complete facial paralysis have motion on the paralyzed hemiface, the motion is primarily nonanatomic. Both indices can be used to track recovery from complete facial paralysis.
Analysis of 100 cases of free-muscle transplantation for facial paralysis; Free-muscle transplantation is the treatment of choice for long-standing facial paralysis. It enables the reconstructive surgeon to restore facial movement and some emotional animation. Despite all technical innovations and 20 years of experience with free-muscle transplantation, the aesthetic and functional outcomes of the surgery are still unpredicatable. The present report reviews 100 free-muscle transplantations to the face by a single surgeon and analyzes various preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative factors in relation to the functional recovery of the muscle transplants. These factors were demographic variables such as age, gender, and etiology as well as intraoperative variables such as choice of muscles, number of nerve coaptations, and ischemia time of the muscle. Additionally, four independent raters not involved in the care of these patients rated standardized preoperative and postoperative videos and judged the functional and aesthetic outcomes. From 1981 to 1993, 93 patients with facial paralysis underwent free-muscle transplantation. A total of 100 muscles were transplanted, since 7 patients received two muscle transplants. There were 33 male and 60 female patients ranging in age from 3 to 57 years, with an average of 22.2 ± 14.9 years. The gracilis muscle was used in 63 cases of free-muscle transplantation, while the pectoralis minor was used in 34 cases. In 2 patients a segment of the rectus abdominis was transferred, and in 1 patient a small segment of the latissimus dorsi was transferred. In 89 patients the onset of muscle function was reported. The range from 6 to 48 weeks postoperatively. The average was 21.6 ± 9.14 weeks after muscle transplantation. The correlations showed a trend to earlier onset of function and higher aesthetic rating in young female patients. The intraoperative ischemia of the free muscle did not correlate with the onset of muscle function. Using a five-step scale of judgments, a higher postoperative rating was seen in 94 percent of the patients, and 80 percent of all patients achieved a moderate or better result.
Facial neuromuscular retraining for oral synkinesis; The purpose of this paper is to describe the outcome of facial neuromuscular retraining for brow to oral and ocular to oral synkinesis in individuals with facial nerve disorders. Fourteen patients with unilateral facial nerve disorders and oral synkinesis who were enrolled in physical therapy for retraining were studied. Synkinesis was measured with quantitative vide facial position analysis prior to the initiation of physical therapy and at regular intervals during retraining. Retraining included surface electromyographic reeducation and a home exercise program of specific facial movements. Twelve of 13 patients with brow to oral synkinesis and 12 of 14 patients with ocular to oral synkinesis reduced their synkinesis with retraining. Patients with a 1-year or greater duration of a facial neuromuscular disorder (excluding patients with unusually marked changes) demonstrated a significant decrease in brow to oral synkinesis and in ocular to oral synkinesis; there was a mean percentage decline in abnormal movement of 60.5 percent (SD = 26.48) and 30.1 percent (SD = 62.57), respectively. We conclude that brow to oral and ocular to oral synkineses associated with partial recovery from facial paralysis were reduced with facial neuromuscular retraining for individuals with facial nerve disorders.
A new technique for hypoglossal-facial nerve repair; Hypoglossal reinnervation of the facial nerve may be required after a proximal facial nerve injury. The classic hypoglossal-facial graft procedure involves transection of the donor hypoglossal nerve, resulting in hemiglottic paralysis that, in association with paralysis of other cranial nerves, may cause speech and swallowing difficulties. Multiple lower cranial nerve palsies in conjunction with facial paralysis, as may occur after procedures such as skull base surgery, contraindicate the use of such techniques. The successful use of XII-VII 'interposition jump grafts' without hemiglossal weakness has been described. However, a prolonged recovery period and weaker facial reanimation have been seen. In order to attain maximum facial reinnervation while preserving hypoglossal function, we have developed a new technique of XII-VII repair. This method involves mobilization of the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve remnant, achieving a single anastomosis with the hypoglossal nerve, which has been partially incised. This technique has been used in three patients to date, with 6 to 11 months follow-up. In all cases facial tone and symmetry have been restored and voluntary facial expression accomplished. The authors conclude that by employing the techniques described highly satisfactory cosmetic and functional results may be expected, without compromising hypoglossal nerve function.
Primary tumours of the facial nerve; Primary tumours of the facial nerve are relatively uncommon and frequently misdiagnosed as a consequence of their subtle and widely variable clinical manifestations. Slowly progressive facial palsy remains the most frequent presenting symptom. Advances in temporal bone imaging using high resolution CT and MRI technologies have led to an increase in preoperative diagnosis. The treatment is complete microsurgical removal at a multidisciplinary centre. The options for facial nerve reconstruction include interposing a cable nerve graft, performing a re-routing procedure of the facial nerve with primary anastomosis, or facial hypoglossal anastomosis. The aim of this paper is to contrast the spectrum of clinical features and radiological findings of these patients and to discuss their management strategies and the facial nerve outcome in relation to a review of the literature.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Case report and review of literature; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare form of hereditary angioedema characterised by a triad of symptoms of which incomplete (oligo- or monosymptomatic) forms have been described, frequently associated with dysreactive diseases or neoplasia. The authors describe the case of a 48-year-old man with an incomplete form which was successfully treated with steroids and, after a careful and detailed revision of the literature on the subject, they make a number of etiopathogenetic, histopathological, clinical and therapeutic comments.
Treatment of frontal sinus osteoma using a craniofacial approach; Osteoma is one of most common benign tumors of the nose and paranasal sinuses, with the frontal sinus being its most frequent location. It may be locally destructive and aggressive with possible intracranial complications. Osteoma of the frontal sinus comprises 57% of all osteomas in the paranasal sinuses. In 1939, Childrey reviewed 3,510 consecutive sinus radiographs taken for any reason and found an incidence of 0.43% of paranasal sinus osteomas. There are many operative approaches for frontal sinus osteomas, such as external frontoethmoidal approach and osteoplastic frontal sinusectomy, both with high recurrence rates. Those traditional operative methods cannot radically eradiate the osteoma grown in the posterior table of the frontal sinus. From July 1991 to June 1992, three patients with symptomatic frontal sinus osteomas were operated by a craniofacial approach. One patient is presented here in detail. A coronal incision is used and is found to be beneficial both in surgical exposure and in reconstruction with a calvarial bone graft. The patient has been followed for 3.5 years without osteoma recurrence.
Dural arteriovenous fistulas including the transverse and sigmoid sinuses: Results of treatment in 30 cases; We report about the treatment and outcome of 30 patients with dural arteriovenous fistulas including the transverse and sigmoid sinuses treated between 1986 and 1995. All patients underwent panangiography for definitive diagnosis. The dAVF were supplied by the external carotid artery system alone (14 patients), both external and internal carotid systems (10 patients) or both anterior and posterior circulation (6 patients). Depending on the venous drainage the fistulas were classified following a modification of Djindjian's description with 18 patients revealing Type I (main sinus with antegrade flow), 5 Type II a (main sinus with reflux into the contralateral sinus), 5 Type II b (cortical veins), 1 Type II a + b (both) and 1 of Type III (direct cortical drainage). Bruit, pulsatile tinnitus and headaches were the most common symptoms. 6 patients presented with intracranial haemorrhage, 4 with progressive neurological deficit or seizures and 3 with dementia. Arterial embolization was performed in all cases except one, where a transvenous approach for balloon occlusion of the transverse sinus was performed. 21 patients were treated by single or repeated embolization alone. Only in 9/21 cases did arterial embolization result in complete occlusion of the fistula. In 12/21 patients incomplete occlusion was achieved. Following embolization 8 patients underwent additional surgery including coagulation of the feeding arteries and arterialized veins, sinus resection and reconstruction of the sinus. Overall, 18 patients were cured, 11 improved and 1 patient was unchanged. There was a total number of 5 complications including transient stroke, transient facial nerve palsy, and a small necrotic skin area following embolization. Venous infarction of the occipital lobe was induced by transvenous occlusion and surgical resection of the transverse sinus in one patient each, respectively. From our results we conclude that the endovascular therapy alone is the treatment of choice in case of Type I fistulas. In dAVF of Type II and III repeated endovascular treatment seems not to be sufficient and additional surgery is necessary.
Nuclear facial palsy in multiple sclerosis: A case report; We encountered an unusual case of isolated subacute nuclear palsy of the facial nerve in a 31-year-old man with a 3-year history of clinically established relapsing form of multiple sclerosis. Typical positive sharp waves and fibrillation potentials in the affected facial muscles detected by means of electromyography showed that the lesion was located in the lower motor neuron. Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the cortex could not evoke normal compound motor unit potentials, however, transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve, which is strongly supposed to depolarize the peripheral nerve in the area of the root exit zone near the internal acoustic meatus, elicited an adequate response. Taking these findings as well as the results of positive magnetic resonance imaging into consideration, we concluded that the clinical symptom was due to a plaque of demyelinization in the nucleus of the facial nerve or in the proximal intramedullary course of facial fibres.
Cervicofacial necrotizing fasciitis: A devastating complication of blepharoplasty; We report a case of cervicofacial necrotizing fasciitis that developed after blepharoplasty, an occurrence that, to our knowledge, has not previously been reported in the medical literature. A patient who presented to our institution 3 days after undergoing blepharoplasty of the upper eyelid was diagnosed as having fulminant fasciitis involving extensive areas of the face, scalp, and neck. We review the case in detail and discuss clinical and radiological clues to diagnosis, surgical and medical management, wound care, and subsequent scar contracture. This case emphasizes the need for individualized, appropriate postoperative care and for an awareness of this rare, potentially fatal complication. Early recognition and aggressive treatment of cervicofacial fasciitis can arrest its rapid progression and prevent devastating sequelae.
Impaired cortico-bulbar tract function in dysarthria due to hemispheric stroke. Functional testing using transcranial magnetic stimulation; We investigated cortico-lingual and cortico-orofacial tract function utilizing transcranial magnetic stimulation in 18 consecutive patients with dysarthria due to hemispheric stroke. Delayed responses (conduction time > mean + 2.5 SD of that of 43 controls) or absent responses were considered abnormal. In all patients, motor-cortex stimulation of the lesion side demonstrated absent (13 patients) or delayed (five patients) responses to the tongue bilaterally (17 patients) or unilaterally (one patient). In 14 patients the contralateral orofacial responses were either absent (13 patients) or delayed (one patient). According to the electrophysiological findings, all lesions revealed by CT or MRI, were located within the pyramidal tract at the lower motor cortex (n = 4), the corona radiata (n = 7), and the genu of the internal capsule (n = 3) or its posterior limb (n = 4). We conclude that interruption of the cortico-bulbar tract fibres to muscles involved in articulation is a frequent cause of dysarthria in hemispheric stroke.
Use of gold weights to correct lagophthalmos in neuromuscular disease; Upper eyelid gold-weight implants are widely used in the correction of lagophthalmos in many neuromuscular conditions, most commonly facial palsy. The paralytic lagophthalmos that occurs in facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) is common and can cause severe ocular complications. It is not usually considered for surgical correction. Upper lid loading with 24K gold implants and reconstructive lower lid surgery in a 64-year-old woman with FSHD corrected eyelid deformity and exposure keratitis. Surgical treatment also markedly improved facial appearance. This treatment may merit wider use in FSHD.
A case of acute monocytic ehrlichiosis with prominent neurologic signs; Human monocytic ehrlichiosis is a recently described tick-borne infection with the rickettsial organism Ehrlichia chaffeensis. We describe a patient with documented E chaffeensis infection and multiple organ system involvement. Prominent neurologic symptoms and signs included severe headache, meningismus, and altered mental status. Additional neurologic findings included unilateral arm weakness and a Bell's palsy. Biopsy of brain and meninges demonstrated an infiltrate of atypical lymphoid cells in the leptomeninges with involvement of blood vessel walls and extension into the Virchow-Robin spaces. Bone marrow biopsy revealed fibrin-ringed granulomas. The patient also developed a nonspecific increase in immunoglobulin production. Host immune response may play a critical role in the pathophysiology of ehrlichiosis.
Rare adverse events associated with oral poliovirus vaccine in Brazil; Oral poliovirus vaccine (OPV) developed by A. Sabin has been effectively used to control poliomyelitis in Brazil, and the last case with the isolation of a wild poliovirus strain occurred in March 1989. Although the vaccine controlled the circulation of wild strains and poliomyelitis cases associated with these strains were not detected during the last eight years, rare cases classified as vaccine-associated paralytic poliomyelitis (VAPP) have been detected. Molecular characterization studies of poliovirus strains isolated from VAPP cases and from healthy contacts have confirmed that the isolates are derived from the Sabin vaccine strains and also detected genomic modifications known or suspected to increase neurovirulence such as mutations and recombination. The molecular characterization of polioviruses isolated during the last eight years from paralysis cases classified as Guillain- Barre (GBS) syndrome and transverse myelitits (TM), and from facial paralysis (FP) cases also confirmed the vaccine origin of the strains and demonstrated mutations known to increase neurovirulence. Analysis of the epidemiologic data of these GBS, TM and FP cases demonstrated that in most of them the last OPV dose was given months or years before the onset of the disease and the isolation of the polioviruses. The temporal association between the isolation of these strains and the GBS, TM and FP suggested that the Sabin vaccine- derived poliovirus strains could also rarely trigger the diseases.
Surgical treatment of traumatic facial paralysis; The paper reviews 27 cases of traumatic facial paralysis undergone surgical treatment. Most of the cases showed injuries to the horizontal and perigeniculate segments of the facial nerve. All cases have been followed up for 6 months to 2 years. Complete recovery occurred in 20 of the cases and partial recovery in 7 cases (II in 2, III in 5). Trans-mastoid/attic approach was used which yielded exposure of the geniculate ganglion and distal part of the labyrinthine segment of the nerve. Indications and surgical approach were discussed.
Sequential muscle biopsy changes in a case of congenital myopathy; Muscle biopsies at age 7 months in a set of dizygotic male twins born floppy showed typical features of congenital fiber-type disproportion (CFTD). One of the twins died at age 1 year due to respiratory complications. The second one subsequently developed facial diplegia and external ophthalmoplegia. He never walked, remained wheelchair bound, and required continuous ventilatory support. He underwent repeat biopsies at ages 2 and 4, which showed many atrophic type 1 muscle fibers containing central nuclei and severe type 2 fiber deficiency compatible with centronuclear myopathy (CNM). Two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of muscle showed decreases of type II myosin light chains 2 and 3, suggestive of histochemical type I fiber deficiency. The progressive nature of morphological changes in one of our patients cannot be explained by maturational arrest. Repeat biopsies in cases of CFTD with rapid clinical deterioration may very well show CNM.
Magnetic and electromagnetic stimulation in the combined treatment of patients with paralysis of the mimetic musculature; The original method of treatment of patients with postoperative paresis of mimic muscles wis offered. The method included the use of two therapeutic factors: magnetotherapy and electromagnetostimulation of peripheral branches of facial nerve. The principles of combined influence of both components were described in detail. Data on functional control of treatment results confirm the reparation of peripheral branches of facial nerve.
Wegener's granulomatosis - Case report with otological manifestation as first symptom; The authors present an infrequent case of Wegener's granulomatosis in which the first symptom was hearing loss on the left side, followed by peripheral facial paralysis on the same side. In a short time, there was involvement of the nose, kidney and lungs. The examination of tissue obtained either from the mastoid, during surgical facial nerve decompression, or from lesions in the nasal turbinates did not make the diagnosis. Histologic examination of two nodes obtained from the right lung has resulted in a Wegener's granulomatosis compatible tissue. After immunosuppressor treatment, the lesions were controlled and the patient clinically improved. This and the follow-up of the patient, during the latest 4,5 years, presenting no recurrence of the lesions, confirm the diagnosis.
Malignant lymphoma of the temporal bone; Malignant lymphoma of the temporal bone is very rare. A 66 year old woman complained of right ear fullness, otalgia, facial palsy, dizziness, dysphagia and hoarseness. The clinical examination revealed a gray and fragile tumor obstructing the right external auditory meatus, and extensive cranial nerve palsies on the right side like Garcin syndrome. CT scan and MRI showed a large soft tissue mass extremely destructing the right temporal bone. Pathological diagnosis was malignant lymphoma (B cell, diffuse large cell, immunoblastic type). A clinical staging work up presented no other source of lymphoma, that corresponded to stage I of the Ann Arbor's classification. So, radiation therapy was done for 50Gy. However, the lymphoma disseminated, though primary tumor partially reduced and resulted in 4 months survival following the treatment.
Passive drainage versus primary closure after total ear canal ablation-lateral bulla osteotomy in dogs: 59 dogs (1985-1995).; OBJECTIVE: Compare passive wound drainage to primary closure of total ear canal ablation-lateral bulla osteotomy (TECA-LBO) in dogs. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of medical records. SAMPLE POPULATION: Fifty-nine dogs with end-stage otitis externa or neoplasia of the external and middle ear. METHODS: Medical records of dogs with TECA-LBO were reviewed. Dogs were divided into postoperative drain and primary closure groups. Statistical analyses were performed to identify differences in data for signalment, preoperative treatment, duration of hospitalization, immediate complications, and long-term complications between groups. RESULTS: No significant differences were detected in signalment, diagnosis, and duration of medical management between groups (P > .05). Duration of hospitalization was greater for dogs in the drain group (P < .05). Immediate postoperative complications occurred in 26 of 59 dogs and included ipsilateral facial palsy, incision swelling, vestibular signs, premature drain removal, and one dog died of aspiration pneumonia. Long-term (> 6 months) complications were identified in 12 of 50 dogs and included dermatitis of the medial aspect of the pinna, chronic fistula formation, and permanent facial paralysis. No association between immediate or long term complications and method of closure was identified. CONCLUSIONS: Primary closure is an acceptable alternative in dogs undergoing TECA-LBO when surgical wound dead space can be managed with meticulous hemostasis, complete debridement of devitalized tissue, and accurate apposition of tissue planes.
Facial asymmetry after vascular pedicled muscle transfer. Additional criterion for evaluating outcome in managing chronic facial paralysis; Today neurotization and muscle transplantation are considered an ideal method of reconstructing the function of the facial nerve and the mimetic muscles in long-established facial palsy. Transplantation of the gracilis muscle as a segmental muscle provides an appropriate size for the face; however, determining the amount of muscle is difficult in order to obtain the desired dynamic and symmetric results. Prompted by the question of an "ideal" transplant size, a retrospective study was undertaken. Since 1991, 11 microneurovascular gracilis muscle transfers have been performed in 10 patients with long-established facial palsy (one patient underwent an additional transfer due to excessive scarring in a severe case of neurofibromatosis). Computed axial tomography scans were performed on six patients using a method for obtaining muscle-volume measurements of corresponding areas in each individual by using bony landmarks for reference. Cross-section area measurements by a digitalized mode were obtained from each scan, determining 20-70 Hounsfield units as appropriate for muscle tissue. Muscle-volume measurements ranged on the transplantation sites between 3.85 and 62 cm3 compared to 1.4 and 22.3 mm3 for the corresponding sites. The increments in muscular tissue by a factor between 2 and 3 are due to an increase in each single scan of the corresponding sides: when comparing the corresponding operated and unoperated sides in each patient, soft-tissue volumes were significantly (P < 0.005) elevated on the operated side. The findings presented in this study demonstrate not only encouraging functional results, but also show significant improvement of facial symmetry at rest. The results of our investigation support those of other authors, who also saw the main difficulty as determining the appropriate graft size. Secondary corrective procedures of the muscle puts the pedicle at risk of vascular and neural damage. Meticulous shaping of the graft and proper fixation and suspension technique cannot be overemphasized.
Cortical reorganization in patients with facial palsy; Possible changes in the organization of the cortex in patients with facial palsy, serving as a model of peripheral motor deefferentation, were investigated by using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and positron emission tomography (PET). With TMS, the size of the area producing muscle- evoked potentials (MEPs) of the abductor pollicis brevis muscle, the sum of MEP amplitudes within this area, and the volume over the mapping area were compared between both hemispheres in 8 patients. With PET, increases in regional cerebral blood flow, measured with the standard H215O2 bolus injection technique, were compared between 6 patients and 6 healthy volunteers during sequential finger opposition. Patients moved the hand ipsilateral to the facial palsy, the control subjects the right hand. Of 9 patients in total, 5 participated in both experiments. With both methods, an enlargement of the hand field contralateral to the facial palsy was found, extending in a lateral direction, into the site of the presumed face area. The PET data showed that the enlargement of the hand field in the somatosensory cortex (SMC) is part of a widespread cortical reorganization, including the ipsilateral SMC and bilateral secondary motor and sensory areas. We report for the first time, using two different noninvasive methods, that peripheral, mere motor deefferentation is a sufficient stimulus for reorganizational changes in the healthy adult human cortex.
Efficacy, stability and predictors of outcome of pallidotomy for Parkinson's disease. Six-month follow-up with additional 1-year observations; We tested the efficacy, stability and predictors of outcome of unilateral pallidotomy used to treat patients with Parkinson's disease inadequately controlled with pharmacotherapy (IP). The surgical procedure was as simple as possible; we used CT rather than MRI, and we omitted microe2ectrode recording. We studied 24 patients with IP; 22 of these patients had drug-induced dyskinesias. There was a significant and stable improvement in all the major parkinsonian motor signs in the OFF (medication) stare on the contralateral side. In the ON (medication) state peak-dose dyskinesias were alleviated on the contralateral side. The only significant and stable change on the ipsilateral side was improvement in dyskinesias less marked than on the contralateral side. The improvement in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale motor scores in the OFF state increased with age. The improvement in total dyskinesia scores occurred irrespective of age, but increased with duration of disease, duration of dyskinesias and baseline severity of dyskinesias. Five patients had transient neurological complications while facial paresis was permanent in one subject. Our results are similar to chose obtained by others who used the time consuming microelectrode recording technique for localization. By simplifying the procedure in the way that we describe, the operation could become available to a greater number of patients.
Meningiomas intrinsic to the geniculate ganglion; Objective: To present the clinical, surgical and histopathological manifestations of meningioma intrinsic to the geniculate ganglion. Study Design: Retrospective study of outcome. Setting: Three private tertiary and one university (otology/neurotology) referral centers. Patients: Six patients with cranial nerve VII paresis underwent magnetic resonance imaging and/or high-resolution computed tomography for subsequently histologically proven intrinsic meningioma of the geniculate ganglion. An additional six cases were identified in the literature. Most patients were female and ranged in age from 5 to 40 years. Intervention: Total tumor removal via middle fossa and mastoid exposures followed by cable graft VII-VII neuroanastomosis. Main Outcome Measure: Meningioma can occur intrinsic to the geniculate ganglion and produces gradual VIIth nerve paresis as its first symptom. Other sites of predilection may occur extrinsically within the temporal bone or along intracranial venous sinuses at sites of arachnoid villi. Results: Hearing was maintained in each patient, and postoperative House-Brackmann grade III-V facial nerve function was achieved. Conclusions: Intrinsic meningiomas of the geniculate ganglion rarely occur. However, this entity should be included in the differential diagnosis of a slowly progressive VIIth nerve paresis, especially in young females. Surgical removal and cable graft VII-VII neuroanastomosis is the treatment of choice. Long-term follow-up should be maintained because of the potential for von Recklinghausen's disease.
Endoscopic repair of a complex midfacial fracture; Inadequate treatment of complex midfacial fractures involving the orbit and zygomatic arch can result in important functional and aesthetic deformity. Accurate repair of fractures at the zygomatic arch and orbital floor has traditionally necessitated coronal scalp and lower eyelid incisions respectively. Complications such as facial nerve injury, alopecia, external scarring, ectropion, and eyelid edema have been associated with these traditionally open surgical techniques. We report an endoscopic-assisted technique of open reduction and rigid fixation of a complex midfacial fracture. The endoscopic-assisted technique facilitated the anatomic repair of associated zygomatic arch and orbital floor fractures. The technique minimized ocular globe manipulation and eliminated the need for coronal scalp and lower eyelid incisions.
Melkersson-rosenthal syndrome a challenge for dermatologists to participate in the field of oral medicine; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a neuro-muco-cutaneous disorder involving remittently both the oro-facial innerration and muco-cutaneous tissues in a pathosis of complex origin characterized by recurrent edema, facial or other palsies, and nerval dysfunctions frequently assoiciated with plicated tongue. Biopsies taken from the edematous tissues often reveal a temporary pattern of moderate epitheloid granulomatous inflammation scattered scarcely within remarkable tissue edema. However, this histological pattern is not a prerequisite for the diagnosis of MRS. The disease usually runs an intermittent and unpredictable course over years or decades and may have, if the edemas involve the tongue or the central nervous system, an ambiguous outcome. Greatly disfiguring oro-facial swellings often result from secondary persistence of the primarily recurrent edemas. A classification on grounds of different 'major' and 'minor signs' of MRS is proposed in the present paper. In recent years, novel therapeutic approaches involving either oral clofazimine or laser beam acupuncture (according to the principles of traditional Chinese medicine) have proven to be successful in some cases of MRS. Dermatology could play a larger role in oral medicine by taking diseases such as MRS into account in studies among specialties dealing with oro- facial pathoses.
Perioperative lesions of the facial nerve: Follow-up investigations using transcranial magnetic stimulation; Peripheral facial palsy can occur after aural surgery and neurosurgery. Routine neurophysiological investigation (utilizing electrical stimulation and the blink reflex) does not allow the direct assessment of the site of a lesion. In the present study transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) was applied in order to evaluate the usefulness of this method for prognosis. Twenty-three patients with postoperative facial pareses (after removals of an acoustic neuroma in 12 patients and parotid tumors in 11) were investigated. Ipsilateral short-latency and contralateral long-latency responses (after cortex stimulation) were elicited. At the first examination (11.7 ± 9 days after onset of the palsy) the components of the blink reflex were absent in all cases. Responses to electrical stimulation were abnormal in 80%. Ipsilateral short-latency responses after TMS could be obtained in 7 patients. Pathological long-latency TMS responses were elicited in 17 patients. Follow-up investigations up to 2 years revealed no prognostic aspects from peripheral electrical stimulation, the blink reflex and the short-latency TMS response. The absence or extent of delay in long-latency responses at first examination was strongly correlated with final clinical outcomes. As improvements of the responses preceded clinical regressions of the paresis, TMS proved to be an important neurophysiological method for an early prognosis of recovery after perioperative lesions of the facial nerve.
A case report of the temporal bone metastasis of lung carcinoma; A 34-year-old man complained of facial nerve palsy in the right side and hearing loss in the right ear. He had been treated with chemotherapy and operation for lung carcinoma. The audiogram showed a profound sensorineural hearing loss in the right ear. No widening of the internal auditory canal was observed by X-ray examination. However MRI revealed a large mass occupying the petroapical region. The right internal auditory canal was enhanced by gadolinium. 99mTc-HMDP scintigram revealed multiple gatherings in the whole body and also at petroapical region. The patient was diagnosed as having a temporal bone metastasis of lung carcinoma. The authors thought that the spread of tumor into the internal auditory canal was caused by meningeal carcinomatosis.
Effects of the change of body position on nasal airflow in patients with Hunt syndrome; Hunt syndrome is believed a virus disease of herpes zoster oticus in the facial nerve including the geniculate ganglion. The great superficial petrosal nerve separates from the facial nerve at the geniculate ganglion and distributes in the nasal mucosa. The effects on the nasal airflow resistance was studied on postural change from sitting to supine position of the patients with Hunt syndrome by means of anterior rhninometry. Four out of 5 patients with Hunt syndrome showed the increase of the nasal airflow resistance in the ipsilateral nasal airway to the side of facial paralysis with Hunt syndrome.
Hyperbaric oxygen as a therapy of Bell's palsy.; The purpose of this study was to compare the therapeutic effects of hyperbaric oxygen (HBO2) to the effects of prednisone treatment in 79 subjects with Bell's palsy. Patients were randomly assigned either to the HBO2-treated group (n = 42) or to the prednisone-treated group (n = 37). The HBO2 group was exposed to 2.8 atm abs of 100% oxygen for 60 min, twice a day, 5 days a week and was given a placebo orally. The prednisone group was exposed to 2.8 atm abs of 7% O2 (equivalent to 21% O2 in air at normal pressure) following the same schedule as the HBO2 group; prednisone was given orally (total of 450 mg in 8 days). Subjects from both groups were treated in the hyperbaric chamber for up to 30 sessions or to complete recovery, and were followed up for 9 mo. At the end of the follow-up period, 95.2% of subjects treated with HBO2, and 75.7% of subjects treated with prednisone recovered completely. The average time to complete the recovery in the HBO2 group was 22 days as opposed to 34.4 days in the control group (P < 0.001). In the HBO2-treated group, at the beginning, the altered nerve excitability test (NET) was abnormal in five subjects; three of them had normal NET by the end of the follow-up period. In the prednisone group the NET was abnormal in nine subjects at the beginning and they had not recovered by the end of the follow-up (P < 0.05). Our results suggest that HBO2 is more effective than prednisone in treatment of Bell's palsy.
Physiological and perceptual features of dysarthria in Moebius syndrome: directions for treatment.; The functioning of the major subsystems of the speech production apparatus of a 12 year old female with Moebius syndrome was investigated using a battery of perceptual and physiological instrumental measures. Perceptual tests administered included: The Assessment of Intelligibility of Dysarthric Speech; the Frenchay Dysarthria Assessment; and a perceptual analysis of a speech sample based on a reading of the Grandfather Passage. Instrumental procedures included: spirometric and kinematic analysis of speech breathing; electroglottographic and aerodynamic evaluation of laryngeal function; nasometric assessment of velopharyngeal function; and evaluation of lip and tongue function using a variety of strain-gauge and pressure transducers. Consistent with the pathophysiological basis of Moebius syndrome, the major dysfunctions of the speech production mechanism were found at the level of the articulatory valve. Somewhat unexpectedly, however, impaired function was also identified at the level of the velopharyngeal and laryngeal valves by both the perceptual and instrumental assessments and at the level of the respiratory system by the physiological analysis alone. The results are discussed with reference to the neurological basis and clinical features of Moebius syndrome. The implications of the findings for the treatment of congenital dysarthria associated with Moebius syndrome are also discussed. The advantage of instrumental analysis over perceptual assessments in defining treatment goals for children with congenital dysarthria is highlighted.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: review of the literature and case report of a 10-year misdiagnosis.; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is classically described as a triad of orofacial swelling, facial palsy, and fissured tongue. More often this syndrome presents in its oligosymptomatic forms. Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome may not be as rare as suspected but rather a syndrome that often goes undiagnosed. Presented is the case of a mentally challenged man who was eventually diagnosed with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome only after being misdiagnosed and incorrectly treated for an odontogenic infection for more than a decade.
Management of 1000 vestibular schwannomas (acoustic neuromas): The facial nerve - Preservation and restitution of function; OBJECTIVE: Although the rate of reported facial nerve preservation after surgery for vestibular schwannomas continuously increases, facial nerve paresis or paralysis is a frequent postsurgical sequelae of major concern. The major goal of this study was to define criteria for the right indication, timing, and type of therapy for patients with palsies despite anatomic nerve continuity and those with loss of anatomic continuity. METHODS: One thousand vestibular schwannomas were surgically treated at the Department of Neurosurgery at Nordstadt Hospital from 1978 to 1993. Of 979 cases of complete removal and 21 cases of deliberately partial removal, the facial nerve was anatomically preserved in 929 cases (93%). The rate of preservation is increasing, as is evidenced in the most recent cases, and preservation is supported by special electrophysiological monitoring. The facial nerve was anatomically severed in 60 cases (6%). It was anatomically lost in previous operations that were performed elsewhere in 11 cases (1%). In case of nerve discontinuity (42 cases), immediate nerve reconstruction by one of three available intracranial procedures (within the cerebellopontine angle, intracranial-intratemporal, intracranial-extracranial) was performed in the same surgical setting. In case of loss of the proximal facial nerve stump at the brain stem, early reanimation by combination with the hypoglossal nerve was achieved in most patients within weeks after tumor surgery. In a few patients with anatomic nerve continuity but absence of reinnervation for 10 to 12 months, a hypoglossal-facial combination was applied. All the patients with partial or with complete palsies were treated in a special follow-up program of regular controls and of modulation of physiotherapeutic treatment every 3 to 6 months. RESULTS: In intracranial nerve reconstruction at the cerebellopontine angle, 61 to 70% of patients regained complete eye closure and an overall result equivalent to House-Brackmann Grade 3. Hypoglossal- facial reanimation led to Grade 3 in 79%. The duration between the onset of paralysis and the reconstructive procedure is decisive for the quality of the outcome. These data are discussed in view of other treatment options and certain parameters influencing outcome. CONCLUSIONS: This management contains three major principles as follows: 1) preservation of facial nerve continuity in function by the aid of intraoperative monitoring, 2) early nerve reconstruction in case of lost continuity, and 3) scheduled follow-up program for all patients with incomplete or complete palsies.
Management of vestibular schwannomas (acoustic neuromas): Auditory and facial nerve function after resection of 120 vestibular schwannomas in patients with neurofibromatosis 2; OBJECTIVE: Vestibular schwannomas (VSs) affect young patients with Neurofibromatosis 2 (NF-2) and cause very serious problems for hearing, facial expression, and brain stem function. Our objective was to determine a therapy concept for the right timing and indication of neurosurgical therapy. METHODS: In 1000 consecutive VS resections, 120 tumors in 82 patients with NF-2 were surgically treated by the same surgeon (MS) at the Department of Neurosurgery at Nordstadt Hospital from 1978 to 1093. The mean age of the patients was 27.5 years. Sixty tumors were surgically treated in 41 male patients, and 60 tumors were surgically treated in 41 female patients. Bilateral tumor resection was performed in 38 patients (76 operations, after previous partial surgery in 15 cases elsewhere), and unilateral operations were performed in 44 patients, 5 of whom had undergone ipsi- or contralateral surgery that was performed elsewhere. The operative and clinical findings are evaluated and compared with the data of patients without NF-2. RESULTS: In 105 cases, complete tumor resections were achieved. In 15 cases, deliberate subtotal resections were performed. These were for brain stem decompression in 4 cases and for hearing preservation in the last hearing ear in 11 cases, with successful preservation in 8 of the 11. Pre- and postoperative hearing rates were higher in male than in female patients (70% in male versus 65% in female patients before surgery and 40.5 versus 31%, respectively, after surgery). Hearing was preserved in 29 of 81 ears (36%). The rate of preservation was 24% in cases of large tumors and 57% in cases of small tumors (<30 mm). Twenty-one of 82 patients (26%) were bilaterally deaf before surgery. Twenty-five patients had uni- or bilateral hearing after surgery (i.e., 41% of those with preoperative hearing or 30.5% of the whole group). Anatomic facial nerve preservation was achieved in 85%. The facial nerve was reconstructed intracranially at the cerebellopontine angle by sural grafting in 17 cases and by hypoglossal-facial reanimation in 5. Two deaths occurred 1 and 3 months postsurgically as a result of malignant tumor growth with brain stem dysfunction and respiratory problems. In summary, for patients with NF- 2, the presentation ages are lower, tumor progression is faster, the chances of anatomic and functional nerve preservation are lower, the chances of good outcomes are best when surgery is performed early and when there is good preoperative hearing function, and the danger of sudden hearing loss is higher. The chances and danger often differ from side to side among individual patients. CONCLUSION: The indication and the timing of tumor resections are in some respects different from normal VS handling and are dependent on the tumor extension and related necessity of brain stem decompression and on the auditory function. As an optimal goal, completeness of resection with functional cochlear nerve preservation is formulated, and as an acceptable compromise, subtotal microsurgical resection with functional cochlear nerve preservation in the last hearing ear is suggested.
Moebius syndrome and central respiratory dysfunction; Two infants, 18 months and 4 months of age, who were born with bilateral VI and VII nerve palsy (Moebius syndrome) experienced central respiratory failure requiring persistent ventilation. The computed tomography scan showed small brainstem tegmental calcifications. These findings suggest intrauterine brainstem necrosis including the respiratory center and poor prognosis for independent respiration.
A case of guillain-barre syndrome with bulbar palsy and a high titer of anti-GT1a antibody; We report a rare case of Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) in a patient with anti-GT1a antibody. A 42-year-old man was admitted with dysphagia, dysarthria and weakness in his neck and both upper limbs. Serial electrophysiological studies suggested that the predominant process was demyelination of the motor nerves. Thin-layer chromatography with immunostaining revealed that his serum IgG reacted strongly with GT1a and weakly with GQ1b. He recovered rapidly with plasmapheresis. These findings suggest that anti-GT1a IgG antibody might play an important role in the pathogenesis of bulbar palsy in GBS.
Treatment of Ramsay Hunt syndrome with acyclovir-prednisone: Significance of early diagnosis and treatment; Although the antiviral agent acyclovir is currently used for the treatment of Ramsay Hunt syndrome, its effects on facial nerve and hearing recovery remain controversial. We retrospectively analyzed the effects of acyclovir-prednisone treatment in 80 Ramsay Hunt patients. Of 28 patients for whom treatment was begun within 3 days of the onset of facial paralysis, the recovery from paralysis was complete in 21 (75%). By comparison, of 23 patients for whom treatment was begun more than 7 days after onset, recovery from facial paralysis was complete in only 7 (30%). A significant difference in facial nerve recovery was found between these groups. Early administration of acyclovir-prednisone was proved to reduce nerve degeneration by nerve excitability testing. Hearing recovery also tended to be better in patients with early treatment. There was no significant difference in facial nerve outcome between intravenous and oral acyclovir treatment.
Possible role of neurointerventional techniques in the diagnosis of hemifacial spasm; We used neurointerventional techniques to conduct a functional investigation of the artery responsible for hemifacial spasm in a 48-year- old woman. Insertion of a microcatheter into the posterior inferior cerebellar artery stopped the hemifacial spasm immediately and completely. The artery was verified intraoperatively as the vessel compressing the root exit zone of the facial nerve.
Cranial polyneuropathy--Ramsay Hunt's syndrome: case report and discussion.; Ramsay Hunt's syndrome is an infectious cranial polyneuropathy caused by varicella zoster, the herpetic virus that also causes chickenpox and shingles. Its symptoms include facial paralysis, ear pain, and an auricular rash. Oral lesions are also present in most cases. This syndrome can affect any cranial nerve and usually affects multiple nerves, causing central, cervical, and peripheral effects. This article reports the case of a 35-year-old white female who was treated by the oral surgery service of a large urban hospital, after first reporting to the emergency clinic. Her reported symptoms of unilateral left-side facial paralysis, auricular pain, and trigeminal hyperesthesia were confirmed by clinical examination. An initial short low-dose steroid regimen was unsuccessful. A second daily dosage of 50 mg of prednisone was successful in 21 days. No permanent sequelae were evident or reported after treatment.
Management of acoustic neuroma in the elderly population; Objective: Ongoing controversy regarding the optimal treatment of acoustic neuromas in the elderly population has prompted us to examine the our experience in order to arrive at a treatment algorithm. Study Design: Retrospective case review Setting: Tertiary referral center. Patients: The records of 48 elderly patients ranging from age 70 to 90 years with acoustic tumors were reviewed. Interventions: In 34 cases, tumor size was followed through serial imaging for a mean 28.5 months (range 5-108 months). Eight of these patients subsequently required surgery for significant tumor growth. An additional 12 patients were managed surgically from the time of diagnosis. Main Outcome Measure: The natural history of acoustic neuromas in the elderly population. Results: The mean tumor growth rate for the watched group was 0.29 cm/y. Fifteen patients demonstrated no growth whereas accelerated growth was noted in eight cases. Ten patients with tumors confined to the internal auditory canal demonstrated an average growth rate of only 0.06 cm/y over a mean interval of 38 months. For the surgically treated group, the mean tumor size at the time of resection was 2.8 cm. Resection was described as complete in 17 cases and near-total in three cases. Perioperative complication rates and facial nerve results were comparable to our figures for all age groups. There was one perioperative death. Conclusions: Elderly patients with small acoustic neuromas should be offered a trial of observation. When significant tumor growth, size, or neurologic deterioration are demonstrated, early surgical intervention is required to avoid complications associated with the removal of larger tumors.
Impaired interferon production by leukocytes from patients with bell palsy and lack of findings suggestive for a systemic viral involvement; Hypothesis: This study aimed to test the hypothesis that viral and other microbial infections cause Bell palsy and to use the interferon (IFN) α/β-induced MxA protein as an indicator of systemic viral infection. Background: Bell palsy has been previously associated with several viral infections. Recently, after this study was completed, herpes simplex virus DNA was detected in the endoneurial fluid of some patients with Bell palsy Methods: Serum and blood mononuclear cells were obtained from 30 patients with Bell palsy and 12 control subjects. The sera were tested for antibodies to 21 microbes. Mononuclear cells were assayed for (a) MxA protein using immunoblotting and (b) capacity to produce IFN in short-term culture after stimulation with influenza A virus. Results: No significant differences were seen in serum antibodies or MxA protein between the patients and controls. The geometric mean of leukocyte IFN production in the convalescent phase of Bell palsy patients was higher than in the acute phase but remained still at significantly lower levels as compared with the control group (p < 0.05). In three patients there was no detectable IFN production. Conclusions: These results provide no evidence for a systemic viral involvement in Bell palsy, but the observed decreased IFN-producing capacity at the onset of Bell palsy could be a sign of transient immunosuppression or of an abnormal frequency of leukocyte subpopulations in the disease.
Facial nerve palsy in Lyme disease: Evaluation of clinical diagnostic criteria; Objective: Lyme disease must be included in the differential diagnosis of acute facial paralysis in endemic areas. When facial nerve palsy occurs as an isolated finding, the diagnosis of Lyme disease may not be readily apparent. The goal of the present study was to evaluate the frequency with which Lyme disease could be diagnosed based on clinical symptoms alone. Study Design and Setting: This was a retrospective chart review conducted at a tertiary hospital on Long Island, New York, an area endemic for Lyme disease. Patients: The study population was composed of 50 patients with facial nerve palsy who were seropositive for Lyme disease (or had Lyme disease otherwise clinically proven). Main Outcome Measures: Clinical data were initially used to classify patients as having definite, probable, or possible Lyme disease, using the surveillance criteria of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Results: In the majority of cases, the diagnosis of Lyme disease could not be made from clinical data alone. Specific findings, such as erythema migrans and meningoencephalitis, occurred only inconsistently, and serologic or cerebrospinal fluid tests were usually necessary to establish the diagnosis. Intrathecal antibody production was found in a high proportion of patients. Conclusions: In endemic areas, Lyme disease should be suspected as a cause of acute facial nerve palsy even in the absence of other clinical symptoms. Cerebrospinal fluid serology is helpful in confirming the diagnosis and planning therapy. Central nervous system infection may be common in Lyme disease facial nerve palsy.
Lyme disease in children; Neurologic manifestations of Lyme disease are common in children, among whom the incidence of Lyme disease is higher than among adults. Cranioneuropathies, in particular palsy of the facial nerve, occur in approximately 3-5% of children with Lyme disease, followed in frequency by meningitis (1% of symptomatic children). Children with only non-specific symptoms such as headache, arthralgia or fatigue commonly are misdiagnosed as having Lyme disease. Although such non-specific symptoms often accompany more specific signs and symptoms (e.g., erythema migrans, arthritis) in children with Lyme disease, very rarely are non-specific symptoms the sole manifestation of Lyme disease. A number of carefully conducted follow-up studies have indicated that the prognosis is excellent for children with Lyme disease who have been treated with standard antimicrobial regimens.
Treatment and prevention of Lyme disease, with emphasis on antimicrobial therapy for neuroborreliosis and vaccination; Antibiotic therapy is recommended for all forms of neuroborreliosis. Although stage 2 neuroborreliosis will usually resolve without any treatment, antibiotic therapy has been associated with faster resolution of symptoms and may prevent additional non-neurologic disease manifestations. Ceftriaxone is the most convenient parenteral agent for stage 2 and 3 neuroborreliosis because of its once-daily dosage. Available data indicate that a 2-4-week treatment course is adequate for most patients. Patients with isolated seventh nerve palsy may be treated with an oral agent (for example, doxycycline). Recombinant outer surface protein A of Borrelia burgdorferi is a highly protective immunogen for prevention of Lyme disease in experimental animals. Humoral immunity is sufficient for protection. A recombinant OspA vaccine has been licensed for prevention of Lyme disease in dogs. Licensure of an OspA vaccine for humans will depend on a critical analysis of the results of recently completed efficacy studies.
A case of gustatory rhinorrhoea; The authors describe a case of gustatory rhinorrhoea that appeared one year after skull trauma with delayed facial palsy. Traumatic interruption and abnormal regrowth of salivary parasympathetic fibers is hypothesized. In order to explain the pathogenesis of this syndrome an anatomical review of the transpetrosal nerves is included. A review of the literature is also presented.
Differential diagnosis and treatment of facial palsy; We review differential diagnosis and therapy of facial palsy. The most common disease is Bell's palsy, the cause of which is unknown. Facial paralysis may also occur in acute polyradiculoneuritis (Guillain-Barre syndrome). Further differential diagnoses include infectious causes, tumours, granulomas, toxic and vascular lesions. Therapy of Bell's palsy includes protection of the eye and administration of glucocorticosteroids, which are thought to decrease swelling of the nerve in its tight canal. Unfortunately, well-designed controlled studies are not available. More than 80% of patients recover within a few weeks. Early denervation is an unfavourable prognostic sign and may result in aberrant reinnervation.
Multiple cranial nerve dysfunction after uncomplicated neurovascular decompression for hemifacial spasm; Multiple cranial nerve dysfunction was developed 8 day after uncomplicated neurovascular decompression for hemifacial spasm. Ipsilateral multiple cranial nerve dysfunction including facial hypesthesia, incomplete facial palsy, loss of gustatory sensation, ear fullness, incomplete recurrent nerve palsy, and dysphagia were identified, but there were no signs of auricular herpes zoster. Mechanical minor trauma would initiate reactivation of varicella-zoster virus in the geniculate ganglion of the facial nerve in this case. Recovery of all cranial nerve palsies was obtained by conservative treatment within one or two months.
Isolated facial nerve palsy from metastasis to the temporal bone: Report of two cases and a review of the literature; Isolated facial nerve paralysis is rarely the result of metastasis. We describe two cases (the fourth and fifth cases ever documented) with facial nerve palsy secondary to metastatic adenocarcinoma to the temporal bone. We also review the pathogenesis and presentation of facial nerve paralysis from metastasis and discuss a possible treatment strategy.
Reliability of disposable intraoperative facial nerve stimulators; Facial nerve injury is one major morbidity of surgery performed along the course of this nerve. Surgeons frequently employ stimulators to identify and protect the nerve. Both disposable devices as well as larger, reusable stimulators are available. Despite their common use, relatively little documentation exists regarding the safety and reliability of these devices. We tested the electrical output of the four disposable, single-use motor nerve stimulators that are marketed in the United States. We found that each produced consistent stimulus output over time. One stimulator slightly exceeded the manufacturer's listed output while three devices produced significantly less voltage and current than specified by the manufacturer.
Conservative or radical treatment of keratocysts: A retrospective review; The paper reports our experience in the treatment of keratocysts and make recommendations for treatment in the form of a retrospective study. Thirty-eight patients with 52 keratocysts out of a total of 318 patients with 351 odontogenic cysts who presented between 1984 and 1992 were analysed. Outcome was measured by recurrence and there were three recurrences (6%) which compares favourably with published reports in which figures of up to 62% have been quoted. Based on the experience of others as well as our own series we recommend that small cysts near the alveolar process should be treated by simple excision, but large invasive cysts near the base of the skull should be treated by radical resection leaving a margin of normal tissue around the specimen. If any variables are discovered that can reliably indicate prognosis we may be able to revise these recommendations.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve side-to-end anastomosis for preservation of hypoglossal function: Results of delayed treatment with a new technique; This report describes a new surgical technique to improve the results of conventional hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis that does not necessitate the use of nerve grafts or hemihypoglossal nerve splitting. Using this technique, the mastoid process is partially resected to pen the stylomastoid foramen and the descending portion of the facial nerve in the mastoid cavity is exposed by drilling to the level of the external genu and then sectioning its most proximal portion. The hypoglossal nerve beneath the internal jugular vein is exposed at the level of the axis and dissected as proximally as possible. One-half of the hypoglossal nerve is transected: use of less than one-half of the hypoglossal nerve is adequate for approximation to the distal stump of the atrophic facial nerve. The nerve endings, the proximally cut end of the hypoglossal nerve, and the distal stump of the facial nerve are approximated and anastomosed without tension. This technique was used in four patients with long-standing facial paralysis (greater than 24 months), and it provided satisfactory facial reanimation, with no evidence of hemitongue atrophy or dysfunction. Because it completely preserves glossal function, the hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis described here constitutes a successful approach in patients with long-standing facial paralysis who do not wish to have tongue function compromised.
Cortico-bulbar fibers to orofacial muscles: Recordings with enoral surface electrodes; A new recording technique was developed to eliminate current problems on recording transcranial evoked facial muscle responses. A fork-shaped device equipped with 2 pairs of Ag/AgCl-electrodes was inserted enorally at the buccinator muscle level. Advantages offered by this method comprise clearly defined negative deflection of the compound muscle action potential, lack of relevant volume conduction from adjacent muscles, reliability of amplitude criteria, absence of interfering stimulus artifacts, easy achievement of preactivation, and noninvasive recording by surface electrodes. In 43 healthy subjects transcranial magnetic stimulation evoked contralateral responses at a mean latency and mean amplitude of 10.3 ± 1.1 ms and 1.6 ± 1.1 mV, respectively on the right side of the face and of 9.9 ± 1.0 ms and 1.6 ± 1.1 mV, on the left side of the face. Ipsilateral cortical evoked responses were observed in 29 and 25 subjects (left and right side of the face) at a mean latency and amplitude of 10.7 ± 2.5 ms and 0.8 ± 0.5mV, respectively on the left side of face and of 11.9 ± 3.2 ms and 1.1 ± 1.2 mV, on the right side of face. No responses were obtained in 2 and 4 subjects (left and right side of the face), and could not be assessed due to simultaneous facial nerve stimulation in 12 and 14 subjects (left and right side of the face).
Diagnosis and treatment of facial palsy; The topographic diagnosis of facial nerve lesions is based on the symptoms that accompany paralysis, allowing lesions to be located in the protuberance, pontocerebellar angle, facial channel or trajectory distal to the stylomastoid foramen. Most cases of peripheral facial palsy have no apparent cause (idiopathic, or Bell's, peripheral facial palsy). However, facial palsy can sometimes be a manifestation of neuroborreliosis, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, HIV infection or neurinoma. Neurophysiologic studies complement physical examination to establish a prognosis; after the fifth day axonal degeneration related to incomplete recovery can be recognized. Magnetic resonance identifies nerve lesions but is useful only in atypical cases. Prednisone 1 mg/kg over 5 days, with gradual weaning, is the most widely accepted treatment for Bell's palsy. Acyclovir is indicated in Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. Early surgical decompression in cases with poor prognosis is not generally considered beneficial. Cases of permanent facial palsy have serious consequences, particularly because facial expression is altered.
Experience with cerebellopontine angle epidermoids; OBJECTIVE: Cerebellopontine angle (CPA) epidermoids, although of benign nature, are of considerable neurosurgical interest because of their close proximity and adherence to the cranial nerves and the brain stem. We describe our experience and attempt to correlate the final outcomes with the extent of surgical removal. METHODS: Twenty-five consecutive patients with CPA epidermoids that were surgically treated were reviewed, and the final outcomes were assessed. RESULTS: Thirteen patients had trigeminal neuralgia. In 7 of the 13 patients, trigeminal neuralgia was the only presenting feature. The epidermoid was confined to the CPA in each of 6 patients, and in each of 18, it had varying degrees of supratentorial extension. One patient had a predominant supratentorial epidermoid with extension to the CPA. The lesions were totally excised in 12 patients. Near-total removal was accomplished in eight patients, and in the remaining five, partial removal was accomplished. Transient worsening of the cranial nerve functions occurred in 11 patients, probably as a result of aggressive dissection of the capsule from the cranial nerves. In 9 of the 11 patients, the cranial nerve functions improved by the time of discharge. All of the patients who had trigeminal neuralgia were relieved of their symptoms. Eighteen patients were followed up for a mean period of 42 months, and none had symptoms of recurrence. CONCLUSION: Aggressive surgical removal results in transient but significant cranial nerve dysfunction in the postoperative period. A conservative approach is indicated for patients in whom the capsule is adherent to the brain stem and the cranial nerves.
Endovascular management of hemorrhage in patients with head and neck cancer; Objective: To present selective endovascular embolization as a therapeutic alternative to surgical ligation in the management of hemorrhage in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Design: Retrospective chart review of patients with head and neck cancer and significant hemorrhage who were treated with selective endovascular embolization. Setting: A university medical center. Patients: A total of 12 patients, aged 26 to 72 years, with 13 episodes of hemorrhage were treated at Oregon Health Sciences University, Portland, between November 1991 and January 1996. Intervention: All patients underwent angiography with selective endovascular embolization at the interventional radiology suite using a combination of endovascular balloons, platinum coils, and microparticles. Outcome Measures: All charts were reviewed for diagnosis, treatment, factors that may have contributed to hemorrhage, bleeding site, therapeutic measures, control of hemorrhage, postembolization course, complications, and number of hospital days. Results: The cause of the bleeding was tumor in 5 patients, pharyngocutaneous fistula in 4 patients, radiation necrosis in 3 patients, and postoperative complication in 1 patient. Bleeding arose from the common carotid artery in 4 patients, external carotid artery and its branches in 8 patients, and internal jugular vein in 1 patient. Hemorrhage was successfully controlled in all patients; a permanent left-sided hemiplegia and facial weakness developed in 1 patient. There were no recurrences of hemorrhage. All patients were discharged from the hospital. Conclusion: Angiography with selective embolization is a safe and effective alternative to surgical ligation for control of hemorrhage in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Restoration of function in the paralyzed rabbit orbicularis oculi muscle by direct functional electrical stimulation; Restoration of the ability to blink and protect the eye in the patient with facial paralysis remains a challenge. Although many treatments exist, no one approach corrects all the deficits associated with the loss of orbicularis oculi function. In this study, the author investigated the feasibility of restoring function by direct electrical stimulation of the paralyzed orbicularis oculi muscle in the rabbit model. Using a pacing device developed by the author, functional restoration of a normal-appearing blink was produced throughout 30 days of continuous pacing in six rabbits with transected facial nerves. Histologic evaluations of the paced tissues demonstrated no evidence of detrimental effects attributable to the electrical stimulation. The findings of this study support the feasibility of employing direct electrical stimulation to restore the function of paralyzed orbicularis oculi muscles. Potential applications may also exist in other areas in which peripheral denervation creates functional impairment.
Vascular loops of the internal auditory canal: A diagnostic dilemma; Objective: To describe clinical and radiographic characteristics of vascular loops occupying the internal auditory canal. Study Design and Setting: A retrospective review of patients with lesions initially suggestive of neoplasm, such as acoustic neuroma, who were subsequently found to have vascular compression of the facial and/or cochleovestibular nerves. The symptoms suggestive of this retrocochlear pathology, including vertigo, tinnitus, hearing loss, hemifacial spasm, and facial paralysis, were assessed. Subsequent evaluation with MRI revealed findings suggestive of intracannalicular neoplasm in three patients. Main Outcome Measures: Vascular loops within the cerebellopontine angle have been reported to approach the facial and cochleovestibular nerves at the level of the porus acousticus or within the internal auditory canal in ~65% of postmortem specimens. Although presumably the majority of individuals are asymptomatic, several cases are presented where vascular loop compression created symptoms and radiographic findings suggestive of neoplasm. Results: Within this study, two patients underwent surgical exploration for expected neoplasm and were subsequently found to have pathology secondary to vascular loop compression. A third patient avoided surgical exploration due to radiographic confirmation with angiography. Conclusions: Although skepticism exists regarding true pathology occurring secondary to vascular loop compression, histologic confirmation of neural compression injury secondary to a vascular loop is presented. Further, diagnostic parameters and treatment are presented as well.
Tuberculous otitis media - A case report; Tuberculosis of the middle ear is a rare disease. Due to a change in the typical clinical signs in recent years and the fact that the index of suspicion is low, there is frequently a considerable delay prior to diagnosis. This can lead to irreversible complications. A case of tuberculous otitis media is reported, re-emphasising the fact that this entity must be considered in the differential diagnosis of persistent suppurative otitis media.
Facial nerve palsy in mastoid surgery; The risk of facial nerve injury during mastoid surgery has decreased substantially since the advent of the microscope and the otological drill. However, the facial nerve remains at risk during mastoid surgery with the present day incidence suggested to be one per cent. Despite the severity of this complication there are no recent studies that accurately quantify the incidence or discuss its management. The aims of this study were to identify the risk of facial nerve injury for both the specialist as well as the trainee specialist and to review a management protocol for this complication. During the 10-year period from 1985 to 1994, 1024 consecutive mastoidectomies were reviewed. A total of 17 palsies was identified, seven were complete and 10 were incomplete. Of the seven complete palsies, four patients had decompression only and recovered to House Brackmann Grade 2 or better while three patients had decompression and grafting, of these, two were available for follow-up and recovered to House Brackmann Grade 4 only. All the partial palsies, barring one lost to follow-up, who were treated conservatively with pack removal, toilet and topical therapy recovered to House Brackmann Grade 2 or better. A management protocol followed for the above patients is presented and the results analysed. Specific operations and manoeuvres which may put the facial nerve at risk intra-operatively are also discussed.
Diagnosis and treatment of facial palsy; The topographic diagnosis of facial nerve lesions is based on the symptoms that accompany paralysis, allowing lesions to be located in the protuberance, pontocerebellar angle, facial channel or trajectory distal to the stylomastoid foramen. Most cases of peripheral facial palsy have no apparent cause (idiopathic, or Bell's, peripheral facial palsy). However, facial palsy can sometimes be a manifestation of neuroborreliosis, multiple sclerosis, diabetes, HIV infection or neurinoma. Neurophysiologic studies complement physical examination to establish a prognosis; after the fifth day axonal degeneration related to incomplete recovery can be recognized. Magnetic resonance identifies nerve lesions but is useful only in atypical cases. Prednisone 1 mg/kg over 5 days, with gradual weaning, is the most widely accepted treatment for Bell's palsy. Acyclovir is indicated in Ramsay-Hunt syndrome. Early surgical decompression in cases with poor prognosis is not generally considered beneficial. Cases of permanent facial palsy have serious consequences, particularly because facial expression is altered.
Central nervous system complications of acute tonsillitis; Acute tonsillitis is a common infection of early childhood which may even run a self-limiting course without antibiotic therapy in some cases. Complications are encountered infrequently and rarely assume a life-threatening propensity. Central nervous system involvement has not to our knowledge been described in association with tonsillitis without local abscess formation. We describe three cases in which acute tonsillitis/peritonsillitis was complicated by major central neurological sequelae. The neurological complications encountered in young previously healthy adults were: facial palsy and hemiplegia; superior sagittal sinus thrombosis with communicating hydrocephalus and papilloedema; Guillain Barre syndrome and facial palsy. The pathogenesis and management is discussed. All patients made satisfactory recoveries, though with minor residual neurological disabilities.
Nimodipine-accelerated hypoglossal sprouting prevents the postoperative hyperinnervation of target muscles after hypoglossal-facial anastomosis in the rat; Hypoglossal-facial anastomosis (HFA), used for the treatment of facial palsy, was performed in adult Wistar rats. For 7-224 days post operation (DPO), half of the animals were kept on standard laboratory food and half received food pellets containing 1000 ppm of the Ca2+ channel blocker nimodipine. The postoperative neurotization of facial muscles in these two groups was traced by comparing numbers of all retrogradely labeled neurons after injection of HRP into the whiskerpad muscles. In unoperated animals, injection of HRP labeled 1254 ± 54 neurons. Immediately after HFA, this number dropped to zero. The treatment with nimodipine yielded two beneficial effects. (1) In the early phase of regeneration (until 28 DPO), it accelerated the sprouting of hypoglossal axons into the facial periphery; (2) In the final phase, it suppressed the axonal sprouting from both, hypoglossal and facial stumps. In this way nimodipine fully prevented the postoperative hyperinnervation, i.e. the projection of more hypoglossal plus facial motoneurons to the whiskerpad muscles than under normal conditions.
Eye, ear, nose, and throat; Patients present to the emergency department with a number of eye, ear, nose, and throat (ENT) problems. This article updates some very common problems; identifies a few pearls on nasal foreign body removal, ophthalmologic medication, and epistaxis; and reviews a few pitfalls in identifying malignancies and sore throats.
Less common oral lesions associated with HIV infection: Prevalence and classification; This paper deals with a number of group II and III lesions, ie lesions definitely but less commonly, and lesions possibly associated with HIV infection, respectively. Salivary gland disease includes dry mouth and/or swelling of major salivary glands, often as a part of CD8-lymphocytosis syndrome. Xerostomia occurs commonly (2-10%) in HIV-infected individuals. Enlargement of the major salivary glands occurs frequently (19%) among HIV- infected children, but rarely among adults (0.8%). The major salivary glands show lymphoepithelial lesions or cysts histopathologically. Hyperpigmentation of the oral mucosa was found in 2.2% of 1710 HIV+ individuals in seven studies. The hyperpigmentation has been ascribed to a number of medicaments, and possibly to HIV. The prevalence of pigmentation is not significantly higher among HIV+ than HIV individuals. Thrombocytopenia frequently occurs in HIV infection. Oral petechiae were reported in 2% of 1121 HIV+ in five studies. Human papilloma virus (HPV) infection occurred in 1.1% of 989 HIV+ in seven studies. Drug reactions (white lichenoid lesions, ulceration, toxic epidermal necrolysis) have been reported in a number of cases, not allowing prevalence figures. However certain drugs, notably Foscarnet, Interferon and 2,3-dideoxycytidine, may frequently cause oral ulcerations. Oral neurologic manifestations such as peripheral facial paralysis and sensory neuropathy have been reported in a few cases or series only.
Translabyrinthine vestibular schwannoma surgery: Postoperative tinnitus and cochlear nerve integrity; Cochlear neurectomy as a surgical treatment for tinnitus is known to be only partially successful in many conditions. Translabyrinthine surgery for acoustic neuromas may be performed using a dissection technique which preserves an 'anterior curtain' which helps to protect the facial nerve. The cochlear nerve may be retained within this tissue though it can be cut during the dissection. To assess whether its integrity affects tinnitus the video recordings of 117 patients undergoing this operation were reviewed to grade the likelihood of the cochlear nerve having been retained intact. A postal questionnaire, with a response rate of 83%, was used to assess tinnitus. Patients who had a probable or definite nerve section had significantly lower postoperative tinnitus severity. The same relationship was found when patients were matched for turnout size and preoperative tinnitus. This procedure could act as a model for the effect of cochlear neurectomy on tinnitus associated with acoustic neuromas in a prospective trial.
'Lid loading' for lagophthalmos: 6 years' experience; Background: The procedures for prophylaxis and treatment of keratopathy following facial palsy with lagophthalmos are unsatisfying from the functional point of view. Patients and methods: Three years ago we created a 'lid-dynamic' procedure and applied it to 46 patients with Bell's palsy or before implantation of a gold lid weight. Fixation of lead weights of 0.8-2.0 g to the upper lid by a foil adhesive on both sides (Tesafix), can lead to restoration of lid closure. Within 6 years we implanted 24-caratgold weights into the upper lid in 72 patients. Results: In all cases lid function was markedly improved; all patients appreciated the procedure. The lead weights were well tolerated. In 27% of the operative cases we observed a slight underdosage, in 10% a slight overdosage. Conclusion: Lid loading is a simple and effective method for functional and cosmetical rehabilitation of patients with lagophthalmos. Despite the dependence upon gravity, the procedure can be recommended for all cases of facial palsy.
Indications for the temporalis muscle flap in plastic reconstructive head and neck surgery; Background: In reconstructive plastic surgery, the temporalis muscle has proven to be a reliable and versatile flap for a wide field of indications. The temporalis muscle is a flat, fanshaped muscle with a generous blood supply and innervation from the trigeminal nerve. Methods and results: Based on our own experiences in a total of 25 cases (12 cases involving muscle transposition for mouth reanimation, six cases involving stabilisation of a duraplasty including protecting the internal carotid artery in one case, four cases involving reconstruction of the orbital floor or the base of the skull, and three cases involving recontouring the lateral face) and a review of the literature we give an up-to-date overview of the different indications for the temporalis muscle flap. These include: a) treatment of facial nerve paralysis, b) recontouring of the lateral face, c) reconstruction of skull base, orbita, and oropharynx, d) stabilization of duraplasty, e) protection of internal carotid artery, f) in temporomandibular joint surgery, and g) for obliteration in ear surgery. Conclusion: Because of the wide range of indications, the temporalis muscle flap remains a versatile and important tool in plastic reconstructive surgery.
Prognostication of Bell's palsy using transcranial magnetic stimulation; Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) provides a method to noninvasive excitation of the facial nerve in its intracranial segment close to the internal acoustic meatus. Thus, the site of facial nerve activation with TMS is proximal to or within the site of the lesion in Bell's palsy. To evaluate the prognostic capability of TMS in unilateral Bell's palsy we examined 137 patients with this method, and compared the results with electroneuronography (ENoG). Within 0-4 days from the onset of palsy, the patients with elicitable TMS responses recovered better than those in whom TMS responses were not elicitable. If TMS was performed 5-9 days or 10-28 days after the onset of palsy, it did not provide any prognostic information. Based on amplitude side-to-side differences, ENoG did not contribute prognostic information during the first 9 days from the onset of palsy. Later on, 10-28 days after the onset of palsy, ENoG showed an increased capability to discriminate the patients with poor prognosis. Thus, elicitable facial motor response with TMS predicts good prognosis of Bell's palsy at an early stage whereas poor response with ENoG predicts less favorable prognosis at a later stage.
MRI findings of VIIth cranial nerve involvement in sarcoidosis; Right facial nerve palsy in a 58-year-old woman was due to sarcoidosis demonstrated by Gd-DTPA enhanced MRI. Abnormal enhancement of the right VIIth cranial nerve in the distal internal acoustic canal was seen on MRI. The enhancing lesion was smaller after 1 month of prednisolone 50 mg day-1. This is the first report on facial nerve involvement in neurosarcoidosis examined by Gd-DTPA enhanced MRI. The use of Gd-DTPA enhanced MRI with thin slicing, e.g. 3 mm slice thickness and 1 mm interslice gap, is effective in detecting small extramedullary lesions.
Peripheral facial nerve palsy: Differential diagnosis on the basis of electrical and magnetic stimulation techniques and therapeutic management; The role of electrophysiological tests in the differential diagnosis of unilateral peripheral facial nerve palsies is reviewed. In Bell's palsy the anatomical relations (greater petrosal nerve, stapedius nerve, chorda tympani nerve) can not be used to locate the site of lesion within the facial canal, and disturbance of taste may also be observed in pontine lesions. To differentiate between different etiologies of facial nerve palsies (e.g. Bell's palsy, Lyme disease, Gulllain-Barre-syndrome, nuclear palsies) motor neurography of the facial nerve including magnetic stimulation is very helpful. The technique of electrical stylomastoidal, magnetic canalicular, and magnetic cortical stimulation is described. Characteristic findings in facial nerve palsies of different etiologies are presented. Magnetic stimulation techniques serve primarily for diagnostic purposes while electrical stylomastoidal stimulation remains the most reliable method to evaluate the prognosis of a peripheral facial nerve palsy. Finally, different therapeutic approaches are discussed.
The role of surgery in tuberculous mastoiditis: Appropriate chemotherapy is not always enough; We present a case of tuberculous otitis media in which a facial palsy occurred after the start of appropriate chemotherapy. To our knowledge this circumstance has not been described previously. It has been argued that radical surgery is completely unnecessary if chemotherapy is commenced early in the disease. We would suggest that this is not always the case, and would advocate a more measured approach.
Pretarsal platinum implants in the treatment of facial nerve paresis induced lagophthalmos; Upper lid closure in facial nerve paresis induced lagophthalmos is often improved by implantation of gold weights. However, the tolerability of gold implants has not always met expectations. We therefore investigated whether results could be improved by implantation of well-tolerated platinum implants. Patients and methods: Three patients with lagophthalmos received pretarsal platinum-iridium implants in the upper lid. The implants were primary in two patients and secondary in one. In this patient, the previous gold implant had led to marked swelling and redness of the upper lid 6 weeks after surgery. The platinum implants were prefabricated with a radius of 20 mm and weighed between 1.3 and 1.4 g. During implantation, they were individually contoured to fit lid-curvature and attached pretarsally with non-resorbable thread. Results: Postoperatively, the upper lid of all three patients could be closed completely. The implants healed without irritation. No lid swelling occurred during 2- to 6-month follow-up. Because platinum- iridium alloys have a higher specific gravity (Ptlr 90/10=21.65 g/cm3) than gold (18.43 g/cm3), they can attain equal weight at smaller size. Conclusions: Our first results show that platinum implants are a feasible alternative to gold implants in treating lagophthalmos due to better biocompatibility and higher specific gravity.
Gold weight implants for early eyelid rehabilitation in facial nerve palsy; Background: Upper-lid gold weight insertions in patients with long- standing facial palsy allow closure of the eye through an increased gravitational pull on the relaxed eyelid and complete opening without restriction of the peripheral visual field. Material and methods: Between 1990 and 1995, 45 patients underwent eyelid rehabilitation for facial nerve paralysis at the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. Their charts and outcomes were reviewed retrospectively. Twelve patients were followed prospectively at the University Hospital Zurich since December 1995. Results: One gold weight extruded twice in one patient. Delayed infections 1-3 months after surgery occurred in 6.6% and could be treated without removal of the gold weight. Tarsorrhaphies were necessary in 11%. Overall one third of all patients had their gold weight removed during this 5-year observation period. They all had return of their facial movements and did not require further lid loading. All prospectively evaluated patients had a marked improvement of their dry eye symptoms and a better quality of life. Conclusion: The analysis of 57 patients indicates, that gold weight insertions are a simple, reliable, reversible and successful technique for early rehabilitation of the paralyzed eyelid, often combined with lower lid shortening procedures. We favor early implantation in patients with severe facial nerve injury, concomitant Vth nerve palsy, inadequate patient compliance, in patients with one eye only or with disturbing dry eye symptoms.
Granulomatous cheilitis: A study of six cases; OBJECTIVE: Granulomatous cheilitis (GC) is a very rare disorder of unknown etiology. Clinically, GC is characterised by recurrent swelling of the labial tissues, which may be followed by a permanent enlargement. Histologically, the typical form of GC is characterised by the formation of scattered aggregates of non-caseating granulomas. GC is the most frequent sign of orofacial granulomatosis, a disorder under which also encompasses sarcoidosis, Crohn's disease, atypical tuberculosis, Anderson-Fabry disease, possibly some allergic reactions, and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS). Some consider GC as an oligosymptomatic or monosymptomatic form of MRS. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In this study we examined the clinical records of six patients presenting with GC which were examined and treated in the Department of Oral Medicine and Pathology of the Dental School of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki (Greece) during a 16-year period. In five of six patients a persistent swelling of the lower lip was recorded, one of whom also developed swelling in the upper lip. In one case the swelling was present in both lips and in another the GC was the only clinical ending, while in the other five cases it was accompanied by at least one other feature of MRS. In five cases, the histological picture revealed non-caseating granulomas. RESULTS: The treatment with the intralesional infusion of corticosteroids in three cases and the oral administration of corticosteroids in two cases was successful. One of the patients refused to be treated. This patient also presented later with permanent swelling of the upper lip.
Carcinoma of the prostate: Brain stem metastasis as the only site of spread; Aims and background: Metastasis to the brain from prostate carcinoma is a rare event; it is reported in less than 4% of postmortem examinations. The prevalence of cases detected antemortem is even smaller, and the prevalence of brain stem metastasis as the only site of metastasis has been reported in only two other cases. Method: The authors present a third such case. Results: A 55-year-old man, treated for an adenocarcinoma of the prostate (prostatectomy and radiotherapy), started to complain of facial expression disturbances and headaches 2 years later. Physicial examination showed a left VII cranial nerve palsy. MRI showed an enhancing mass in the ports. Total body CT was negative. The patient was treated with a course of whole-brain and brain stem radiotherapy following stereotactic biopsy. Four months after radiotherapy, the neurological symptoms had disappeared and the patient died of a myocardial infarct. The systemic disease was still clinically silent. Conclusion: Our case involved only brain stem metastasis, probably implicating Batson's direct route of the paravertebral venous pathway.
Basilar branch disease presenting with progressive pure motor stroke; Objectives - Isolated infarcts of the pons cause well definable neurological syndromes with distinct pathomechanism, clinical course and prognosis. Patients and results - We report 8 cases suffering from a pure motor hemiparesis that was severely progressive within the 1st 3 days and unresponsive to aspirin. A relatively good recovery was observed in all patients, however, stroke recurrence occurred in 2 cases within 3 months and resulted in pseudobulbar paralysis and tetraparesis. MRI displayed unilateral (n=6) and bilateral (n=2) ventromedial pontine infarctions (VPI). Angiographic evaluation (n=4) or color Duplex examination (n=4) revealed atherosclerotic lesions but no basilar artery occlusion. Conclusion - Although VPI due to basilar branch disease may clinically mimic a classical lacunar syndrome, it is related to a particular pathogenetic mechanism different from microangiopathy or embolism. In contrast to the MRI feature of lacunes, VPI typically extend to the basal surface of the pons. The progressive pattern, ending up in a relative uniform clinical picture, is probably caused by propagating thrombosis.
Transient facial palsy in sphenoidal electrode placement; Purpose: Sphenoidal electrode (SE) insertion can cause pain, for which local anesthesia with lidocaine or intravenous administration of fentanyl has been advocated by different epilepsy treatment centers. Transient facial palsies have been observed after SE insertion. Their frequency of occurrence, distribution, and duration have not been well characterized, however. We hypothesized that this complication is due to the effect of local anesthesia on the peripheral branches of the seventh cranial nerve. To test this hypothesis, we compared the incidence and characteristics of facial palsy during SE insertions performed with either local anesthesia or after intravenous fentanyl administration. Methods: We performed a retrospective study in two patient groups. Group A consisted of 25 patients aged 28 ± 8.2 years who underwent a prolonged video-EEG (VEEG) monitoring study with SE after subcutaneous infusion of 1% lidocaine in the insertion area. Group B included 25 patients aged 30.1 ± 8.9 years whose SE were inserted after intravenous administration of 100-200 μg fentanyl. Blood pressure (BP) was monitored every 3-5 min throughout the procedure. Results: Five patients (20%) from group A had a transient facial palsy; in 4, it was complete and in 1 it was partial; 1 patient had a bilateral facial palsy. Paresis lasted 1-7 min (mean 3.2 min). In all patients, the recovery was complete. None of the patients in group B had complications (p = 0.025, Fisher's exact test). Conclusions: Transient facial palsy is a relatively frequent complication of SE insertion when SE are placed under local anesthesia; patients should be forewarned of its possible occurrence.
IgM antibody against sulfated glucuronyl paragloboside in a case of Guillain-Barre syndrome; High-titer IgM antibody against sulfated glucuronyl paragloboside (SGPG) was detected in a case of Guillain-Barre syndrome. The patient recovered rapidly by the treatment with double filtration plasmapheresis and the anti- SGPG antibody was not detected on the 40th day of illness. Facial nerve palsy, however, lasted until the 6th month of illness. Anti-SGPG antibody might have the important role in the pathologic mechanisms of Guillain-Barre syndrome in this case.
Treatment of facial palsy by EMG biofeedback technique - Muscle relaxation technique; The EMG feedback technique was used for re-eduction of damaged functions in subjects with facial palsy. Therapeutic results were observed during 5 weeks in 14 patients with facial palsy and compared to those obtained in a control group treated by a conventional rehabilitation method. The efficacy of EMG feedback therapy was statistically proved by measurable EMG parameters: amplitude of motor unit potentials and conduction velocity. During 24 sessions, 12 patients made a considerable improvement in the amplitude of motor unit potentials. The innervation pattern and the ability to sustain contraction improved in all patients. Also, the conduction velocity increased and the frequency of unwanted movements decreased in the patients with synkinesis. This study helped in pointing to an objective method far the control of clinical improvement in subjects with facial palsy.
Recommendations for pediatric physical therapists: Making clinical decisions for children with cerebral palsy; Although we are beginning to explore and understand important characteristics of clinical decision making in physical therapy, a notable gap exists between the conceptual framework we have developed and clinical practice. In an effort to bridge this gap, we extend various recommendations that may assist clinicians to become more competent in making sound decisions. We propose conditions under which the conceptual framework may be generalized. Our recommendations are founded upon the examination of decision making processes of nine therapists representing male and female clinicians who worked at five different sites. In these studies therapists provided services for 18 children with diplegia and one with double hemiplegia. We propose decision-making strategies for inexperienced, experienced, and intermediate level therapists. A list of questions are provided to help therapists make clinical decisions in five areas: psychosocial sensitivity, movement scripts, treatment planning, procedural changes, and self- monitoring.
Facial injuries from a bear bite: A case report; The authors report the case of a 77-year-old male with multiple injuries of the face and hand as a result of bear bites. He presented a puncture wound of the oral cavity, and lacerations of the face, as well as maxillary and metacarpal bone fractures. The wounds were washed with saline, after which antibiotic therapy was provided. The metacarpal bone fracture was set and fixed by wiring. As for his facial wounds, since bits of skin had been torn away, facial nerve injuries were suspected but could not be immediately verified. All wounds healed without infection, but slight facial palsy and a sensory dullness of the left mandible were the squelae, of this incident. In cases of facial injuries from an animal bite, it is important that infection, be prevented, so that such wounds should be thoroughly washed, given debridement, if needed, and antibiotic therapy.
A familial disorder with duodenal atresia and tetralogy of fallot; We report on two sibs with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) and duodenal atresia (DA). The first child, a 6-year-old girl, had a right facial palsy in addition to the TOF and DA. Her brother, age 10 months, was born with bilateral microtia without facial palsy. The children are the product of an apparently non-consanguineous union between clinically normal parents. The pertinent family history includes a paternal aunt with TOF and a cleft lip and palate who died in childhood and another paternal aunt with a supernumerary thumb. This family has anomalies found in several syndromes, but does not meet the diagnostic criteria for any of them. The genetic basis for this condition remains unknown, but the pattern of inheritance is likely either autospinal recessive, or autosomal dominant with variable expression and reduced penetrance. The pathogenesis is unknown, but either a disturbance in neural crest cell migration or familial predisposition to vascular disruption might explain this pattern of malformations.
Moebius syndrome: therapeutic proposals from 2 cases; Moebius syndrome is a congenital bilateral palsy of the sixth and seventh cranial nerves. It results a total absence of facial expression and a severe strabismus. Social life is greatly disturbed. Other anomalies may be associated, especially other cranial palsies and Poland syndrome. The etiology of this syndrome isn't clearly established. Stem necrosis secondary to a vascular deficiency is often admitted. We report two observations. We emphasize the importance of a complete maxillo-facial treatment including maxillo-mandibular anomaly. Both patient underwent orthognathic surgery. The first one for class II and the second for class III anomaly. One patient underwent a facial reanimation by temporal muscle transfer. Orthognathic surgery must be realized prior to facial reanimation. A correction of the strabismus is possible. Moebius syndrome is a rare (200 observations) but very severe malformation. Maxillofacial surgery is able to improve the morphological and relational aspect of Moebius syndrome.
A glomus tumour involving the base of the skull.; The glomus tumours can invade considerable areas of the base of the skull with no presenting symptoms or if any they can hardly be guiding. The diagnosis in most of the cases is made 5 to 8 years after the onset of the disease. Operative treatment may be efficient, but depends on the operability of the case. In our case of an inoperable glomus tumour involving the middle and posterior cranial fossae, tinnitus appeared as an initial symptom. A week later peripheral facial palsy developed. On the 15th day the patient's deglutition was impaired. At the end of the fifth month bleeding from the ear appeared. Otoscopy of the outer ear showed an irregular, granular formation in the anterior quadrants. The biopsy proved alveolar paraganglioma. The size of the tumour was evaluated with computerized tomography with and without contrast medium and digital subtraction angiography. We report the case because of the long latent asymptomatic course of the disease with penetration in the skull base. The first symptoms, manifested at the inoperable stage, was suggestive of involvement of the middle and inner ear.
A report of 164 cases of Bell's palsy; In order to research the relationship between various methods of treatment and their prognosis on Bell's palsy, 164 cases of Bell's Palsy were reviewed. According to the results of ENoG test, 164 cases were divided into three groups A, B1 and B2. Group A: the paretic side ENoG loss was less than 90%, group B1: the ENoG loss was more than 90% and without surgical decompression of facial nerve, group B2: the ENoG loss was more than 90% and with surgical decompression. All of the patients had follow up for 1-3 years or even longer after onset. The grades of recovery of facial function were evaluated by modified classification system as originally proposed by Portmann. The facial function of 77 cases of group A were recovered satisfactorily except 3 patients, the average points were 19.22 +/- 1.18. The average points of group B1 (41 cases) and B2 46 cases were 14.4 +/- 3.49 and 15.4 +/- 2.08 respectively. Comparing the results with group B1, B2 and A, there was no statistical significant difference (P > 0.05) between group B1 and B2, but the results of group A were statistically significant better than group B1 and B2 (P < 0.01). The prognosis of Bell's palsy might mainly depend on the degree of degeneration of facial nerve. A satisfactory recovery can be expected when ENoG test loss was less than 90%. If ENoG loss was more than 90%, neither surgical decompression nor steroids therapy could change the prognosis statistically.
Patterns of facial nerve synkinesis; Facial nerve synkinesis is an extremely distressing sequela of facial paralysis, and its prevention and treatment are less than adequate. Improved therapeutic interventions await better understanding of its pathogenesis. In this study, 11 patients with synkinesis and 11 normal control subjects were quantitatively assessed using a new computer-assisted, motion-sensitive system. Two additional, informative cases presenting at the completion of the study are also briefly reported. The observed synkinetic patterns appear predictable and nonrandom. In addition, these observations tend to raise doubts that the aberrant fiber regeneration hypothesis is the sole explanation of synkinesis. They further implicate facial nuclear hyperexcitability as an explanation in at least some cases of synkinesis. Understanding these patterns enhances clinical detection and evaluation and may lead to a better knowledge of the fundamental pathophysiology of synkinesis and its prevention.
The clinical problem of Bell's palsy: With steroids effective?; A general practitioner can expect to see a case of Bell's palsy once every two years. Though uncommon, it has aroused controversy over its definition, its aetiology, and the best treatment. Although the majority of cases of this dramatic but usually self-limiting condition are seen in primary care, most of the literature comes from hospital studies. The evidence from four randomized controlled studies shows marginal benefit for steroids with a Mantel-Haenzel odd's ratio of 1.63 (95% CI 1.01 to 2.64); but, because of doubt about the methodology in some of the studies, this result must be interpreted with caution.
Clinical significance of the tumour capsule in the treatment of parotid pleomorphic adenomas; The propensity of pleomorphic adenomas to recur is generally attributed to the biological nature of the tumour, and surgery close to the capsule is perceived as undesirable. At the Christie Hospital, Manchester, between 1947 and 1992, 475 tumours arising within the superficial portion of the parotid gland were treated by two surgical techniques: extracapsdar dissection (380 patients) and superficial parotidectomy (95). Recurrence rates were 2 per cent in each group (median follow-up 12.5 years). Contact of the tumour with the facial nerve was recorded in 51 per cent of patients. There was no difference between the treatment groups in the incidence of permanent facial nerve injury (2 versus 1 per cent respectively). This study demonstrates that dissection in close proximity to the tumour is possible without inducing recurrence and that in practice the microinvasion of the capsule by tumour buds has limited clinical significance.
Relevance of electrophysiological methods in the evaluation of peripheral facial palsy; In patients with peripheral facial palsy (Bell's palsy) electrophysiological methods provide useful information to evaluate the location and degree of the lesion, the prognosis and the effectiveness of drug therapies. In addition, they may help in differentiation of idiopathic and symptomatic forms of peripheral facial palsy.
The use of steroid therapy for Bell's palsy; a proposal; Based on the pathophysiology of Bell's palsy, Stennert employed a high dose of steroid plus low-molecular weight dextran, and reported a high cure rate. This report was undertaken to evaluate the effects of intermittent corticosteroid pulse therapy on Bell's palsy. Sixteen patients with Bell's palsy who had complete facial paralysis were enrolled. The treatment performed was intermittent corticosteroid pulse therapy, given between January 1993 and May 1995. In our intermittent corticosteroid pulse therapy protocol, methylprednisolone sodium succinate, low-molecular weight dextran, ATP and vitamins were also used in combination. The cure rate of this therapy was 87.5%, and no side effects were observed during the treatment. Therefore, this therapy was considered to be very effective in curing Bell's palsy.
Laser decompression of the facial nerve; Laser decompression of the facial nerve is an experimental approach to evaluating the parameters for laser usage at a nerve-bone interface. This article summarizes the anatomic considerations and indications for facial nerve decompression, and the advantages and disadvantages of laser decompression of the facial nerve. Preliminary studies using the Vanderbilt free electron laser are described, and future directions for research are outlined.
Adult pneumococcal meningitis complicated by cerebral infarction: A case report; We describe a 36-year-old man with pneumococcal meningitis who suddenly showed a left central type facial palsy and left hemiparesis. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a low intensity area in the posterior limb and genu of the right internal capsule to caudate nucleus in T1-weighted images and a high intensity area in T2-weighted images. We surmised vasculitis as the cause of cerebral infarction, because steroid treatment was effective.
Massive nerve root enlargement in chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy; Objective - To report three patients with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) presenting with symptoms suggestive of cervical (one patient) and lumbar root disease. Methods - Nerve conduction studies, EMG, and nerve biopsy were carried out, having found the nerve roots to be very enlarged on MRI, CT myelography, and at surgery. Results - Clinically, peripheral nerve thickening was slight or absent. Subsequently one patient developed facial nerve hypertrophy. This was mistaken for an inner ear tumour and biopsied, with consequent facial palsy. Neurophysiological tests suggested a demyelinating polyneuropathy. Sural nerve biopsy showed in all cases some loss of myelinated fibres, inflammatory cell infiltration, and a few onion bulbs. Hypertrophic changes were much more prominent on posterior nerve root biopsy in one patient: many fibres were surrounded by several layers of Schwann cell cytoplasm. There was an excellent response to steroids in two patients but not in the third (most advanced) patient, who has benefited only marginally from intravenous immunoglobulin therapy. Conclusions - MRI of the cauda equina may be a useful adjunct in the diagnosis of CIDP.
Management of the neck in parotid carcinoma; BACKGROUND: Management of the clinically negative neck remains a controversial issue in patients with carcinoma of the parotid gland. Our treatment policy has always been conservative, reserving lymphadenectomy for selected patients. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated 121 patients with malignant tumors of the parotid gland who received their definitive treatment at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center between 1966 and 1988. RESULTS: A total of 35 neck dissections (ND) were performed, 14 of which involved removal of clinically positive nodes (radical in 10, modified in 2, and limited in 3). Twenty-one patients had an elective lymphadenectomy (radical in 14, modified in 2, and limited in 4), usually because of ominous histology or high T stage. In addition to histologically positive regional lymph nodes, facial nerve paralysis, gender, and advanced stage, the decision to perform a ND, whether elective or therapeutic, was significantly predictive of decreased survival (P <0.001). In the majority of patients (86, or 65%), the neck was observed rather than treated electively, with no impact on overall survival. Only 4 of 121 patients developed neck recurrence following treatment, including 3 who had neck dissection as part of their initial management. CONCLUSIONS: These data support our policy of reserving elective ND only for those histologic diagnoses that carry the highest risk of nodal metastases, as well as for selected patients whose primary tumor resection might be facilitated by lymphadenectomy.
An analysis of the treatment of 114 patients with recurrent pleomorphic adenomas of the parotid gland; BACKGROUND: Nerve preserving surgery is widely recommended for recurrent parotid pleomorphic adenomas though the risk of further relapse may be high. Adjuvant radiotherapy may improve control but its exact role requires clarification. METHODS: A series of 114 patients with first recurrences treated between 1952 and 1992 is reviewed. Treatment modality was either surgery alone (SG; n = 63) or surgery with radiotherapy (SG + RT; n = 51). Results were determined with respect to long-term tumor control (K-M life- tables) and facial nerve function. RESULTS: The rate to second recurrence was 15% (17/114), median follow-up 14 years. There were no cases of malgnant degeneration. Multinodular recurrences treated by SG were at particular high risk of relapse, but control was significantly improved with adjuvant radiotherapy (SG versus SG = RT; 43% versus 4% at 15 years, P = 0.008). In contrast, no difference was demonstrated in the uninodular tumor group (SG versus SG = RT; 15% versus 13% at 15 years, P = 0.9). The incidence of permanent facial nerve injury was 15%. CONCLUSIONS: This study emphasizes the distinction between multinodular and uninodular recurrences; the former is at high risk of relapse and benefits from adjuvant radiotherapy whereas solitary tumors may be adequately treated by surgery alone.
Indications for obliteration of the middle ear cleft in cochlear implantation; Background: Cochlear implants have gained worldwide acceptance as a reliable method of rehabilitation of profoundly hearing-impaired patients. Due to thorough patient selection major postoperative complications rarely occur and are flap related in most cases. Deafness can develop during chronic suppurative otitis media, either coincidentally or secondary to the medical treatment; normally this condition is regarded as a contraindication for cochlear implantation. In cases with a mastoid cavity after surgical treatment for cholesteatoma, the electrode covered only by the epithelial lining will likely become exposed or extruded. Therefore we suggest the obliteration of the middle ear cleft with abdominal fat and the blindsac closure of the external ear canal before cochlear implantation in these conditions. Patients: The average age of our 12 patients was 48 years, whereas the youngest was 2 1/4 years of age. Due to chronic inflammatory ear disease, 11 patients had a mastoid cavity on both ears. Eight patients had a cholesteatoma, the chronic bone destroying process in the temporal bone of two female patients was considered as a fibroinflammatory pseudotumor. The child had a congenital deafness in both ears with a Mondini dysplasia in CT scan. She had already developed two episodes of pneumococcal meningitis which was caused by a defect in the stapes footplate through which a liquor-filled cystic sac herniated in the middle ear. Because of a massive liquorrhoea after opening of the sac, we decided to obliterate the middle ear cleft after successful insertion of the electrode array. Results: All active electrodes of 10 Nucleus implants (Cochlear) and two Clarion devices (Advanced Bionics Corp.) were successfully inserted in the cochlea of the 12 patients. After an average follow-up of 15 months, a temporary facial palsy in one patient and an insufficient closure of a retroauricular fistula over the mastoid cavity in two cases were observed as postoperative complications. One patient with a fibroinflammatory pseudotumor developed a massive inflammatory reaction in the implanted ear two months after cochlear implantation, which could not be controlled by conservative treatment. The implant had to be removed and local conditions settled after administration of immunosuppressive treatment with cyclophosphamide. The patient received a new implant seven months ago. Conclusions: Implantation of a foreign body in a potentially infected space which communicates intracranially means a surgical challenge which can be managed by obliteration of the middle ear after subtotal petrosectomy with abdominal wall fat combined with a reliable closure of the external ear canal. In case of massive inflammation we would prefer a two-stage procedure.
Sarcoidosis in the head and neck - A review of seven cases; Seven patients with head and neck sarcoidosis were treated from 1971 to 1995. There were one male and six females aged from 27 to 52 years. They manifested various clinical symptoms, such as neck mass in seven cases, proxymal facial palsy in two cases, and oral epipharynx lymphoid mass in two cases. Pathologic samples were obtained from the neck mass in five cases and from the epipharyngeal mass in two cases. Three cases, who manifested symptoms only in the otolaryngologic region, showed spontaneous remission without any treatment.
A 91 year old man with a stroke, hypertension, and renal failure; We report a 91 year old man who had a stroke and died of renal failure. He had been treated for hypertension since 20 years before the onset of the present illness. In addition, he was operated on a gastric cancer 17 years previously. Otherwise he was doing well until May 29, 1991 (when he was 87 year old) when he had sudden onset of dysarthria and right facial weakness. He was admitted to our hospital. On admission, general physical examination was unremarkable, and neurologic examination revealed a mentally sound man with slight dysarthria, right facial weakness, orolingual dyskinesia, and disequilibrium in which he showed difficulty in tandem gait; however, no cerebellar ataxia was noted. A cranial CT scan revealed leukoaraiosis with multiple low density areas in the cerebral white matter. His BUN was 37 mg/dl and Cr 2.2 mg/dl. His neurologic symptoms cleared within the next few weeks and he was discharged with ticlopidine 100 mg q.d.. He had been doing well after the discharge except for gradual worsening of his renal function; his BUN was 65 mg/dl and Cr 3.27 mg/dl in April of 1994. On March 10, 1995, he fell down and hit his back; he became unable to walk because of pain, and he was admitted again on March 16, 1995. On admission, his blood pressure was 170/80 mmHg. There was an 1 + pitting pretibial edema; otherwise general physical examination was unremarkable. Neurologic examination revealed an alert and oriented man, however, Hasegawa's dementia scale was 23/30. Higher cerebral functions as well as cranial nerves were intact. He showed some unsteadiness of gait, however, no motor weakness or ataxia was noted. Deep tendon reflexes were diminished, but Chaddock sign was positive bilaterally. Vibration was diminished in the feet, however, pain and touch sensations were intact. Laboratory examination revealed a compression fracture of the twelfth thoracic vertebra. Blood count and chemistries were as follows: Hb 7.6 g/dl, Hct 23.3%, TP 6.0 g/dl, Alb 3.6 g/dl, BUN 87 mg/dl, Cr 4.53 mg/dl, T Chol 174 mg/dl, HDL Chol 49 mg/dl, Glu 156 mg/dl, Na 142 mEq/L, K 5.4 mEq/L, Cl 115 MEq/L. A urine specimen contained 1 + protein and 1 + glucose and the sediments contained hyaline casts. A cranial CT scan was essentially same as that taken four years ago. His hospital course was complicated with pneumonia, congestive heart failure, and progressive renal failure. He was treated with intravenous fluid, chemotherapy, and other supportive measures, however, he expired from respiratory failure on April 30, 1995. He was discussed in a neurologic CPC, and the chief discussant arrived at the conclusion that the patient had Binswanger's disease in the brain, benign nephrosclerosis from arteriosclerosis due to hypertension, congestive heart failure, and pneumonia. Opinions were divided regarding the question as to whether or not this patient had Binswanger's disease. Although his cranial CT scan revealed leukoaraiosis, his dementia and gait disturbance was only mild until his fall on March, 1995. Clinical features did not conform to those of Binswanger's disease. Postmortem examination of the right hemisphere revealed wide spread atherosclerosis and arteriolosclerosis. The kidney showed benign nephrosclerosis due to arteriolosclerosis. Sclerotic changes were also seen in the coronary arteries and the left middle cerebral artery with 70% stenosis. Myelin stain showed diffuse myelin pallor of the cerebral white matters with scattered small infarcts. Arterioles in the white matter showed arteriolosclerosis. Small infarcts were also seen in the putamen and in the thalamus. This patient appeared to have had circulatory disturbance of the white matter which is the basic abnormality causing the Binswanger's disease. However, white matter changes in this patient were not quite severe enough to make a pathologic diagnosis of Binswanger's disease.
Association of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with rosacea; A rare case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome with all the cardinal signs of the triad, including facial swelling, facial nerve palsy and glossitis, is described. The additional feature of this case was an association with rosacea.
F-wave recordings from nasal muscle for intraoperative monitoring of facial nerve function; The generation of the F-wave in muscle after peripheral motor nerve stimulation depends upon the functional integrity of the entire motoaxon between its axon hillock and the motor endplates. Cerebellopontine angle (CPA) surgery bears the risk of damaging the facial nerve in its root exit zone; functional degradation should therefore be reflected by changes of the nasal muscle F-wave. Constant current pulses supraliminal for direct (M) muscular responses were applied subcutaneously to the zygomatic branch of the facial nerve ipsilateral to the operated side, EEG needle electrodes were placed in the nasal muscle and referred to glabella for recording of myoelectric activity. Anesthesia was achieved by application of fentanyl, midazolam and N2O and low doses of short acting muscular relaxants; the above-mentioned narcotics did not influence F-wave recordings, whereas the administration of muscle relaxants was often deleterious to F-wave monitoring. 22 patients with different tumors in the CPA, the cerebellum or the vicinity of the brainstem were subject to this monitoring procedure up to now. F-wave monitoring was effective in 12/22 cases. In 7/12 patients the signal was stable without any resulting dysfunction postoperatively. In 3/12 cases changes in amplitude and/or latency were observed indicating a subsequent facial palsy of a moderate degree. In 2 cases the F-wave was lost - these suffered from a facial paralysis afterwards. As an illustrative case the course of one of these is pointed out. In 10/22 procedures F-wave monitoring was ineffective due to the prolonged administration of muscle relaxants. The F-wave appears to be a valid tool for intraoperative prognosis of postoperative facial nerve function in CPA surgery. The borderlines of F-wave changes indicating damage to neural function by surgical manipulation are to be defined next.
Hemangioma of the geniculate ganglion. Interest of otoneurosurgical collaboration; A patient with a progressive peripheral facial paralyses should be considered to have a tumor involved the facial nerve until proved otherwise. Haemangiomas of the temporal bone are uncommon and the present study discusses pathology, clinical presentation and therapeutic management of a tumor located at the geniculate ganglion. Complete surgical removal by the middle fossa approach is the treatment of choice with adequate margins and preservation of adjacent structures when it is oncologically possible. The surgeon must be familiar with all aspects of facial nerve repair.
Disorders of facial motor function; This review deals with a variety of disorders of facial movement. Recent publications on blepharospasm, facial spasm, facial myokymia, apraxia of lid opening and facial paralysis are referenced and discussed. In blepharospasm, carefully performed electromyographic studies reveal a variety of abnormal patterns of contraction of the orbicularis oculi and the levator palpebrae muscles confirming the clinical impression that blepharospasm is not a homogeneous disease. Similar studies are furthering the understanding of apraxia of lid opening, which may involve sustained contraction of the orbicularis oculi with or without failure of levator palpebrae inhibition. In both conditions botulinum toxin A injected pretarsally appears to be the preferred treatment. Of interest with respect to apraxia of lid opening is that it may be the result of a failure to sustain eye opening as well as an inability to open the eyes voluntarily. Although the fact that bilateral facial spasm was found in only five of 702 patients with spasm suggests that it is infrequent, it is also possible that bilateral facial spasm may be underdiagnosed because of lack of awareness of its existence. Despite the continued enthusiasm of neurosurgeons for microvascular decompression, the preferred treatment for facial spasm continues to be botulinum toxin A injections. It appears that a lesion of the dorsolateral pontine postgenu portion of the facial nerve is responsible for the facial myokymia of patients with multiple sclerosis. Interest in the study of lid function has increased as a result of the advent of the search coil technique for recording lid movements. Recordings with this technique have proven useful in facial nerve palsy for monitoring the degree and course of recovery and as a means of judging the effectiveness of therapy.
Lyme disease in Piedmont. Report of six cases; Diagnosis of Lyme disease in sometimes difficult, particularly in those countries where the circulation of B. burgdorferi is sporadic. The authors report six cases of infection (4 male, 2 female; age 19-65 years) observed during five years in Piedmont (north-western Italy), a region where the disease is considered extremely rare if not absent altogether. For each patient the clinical features, serological picture and therapeutic approach are discussed thoroughly. A wide range of clinical symptoms, ranging from typical ECM to polyarthritis, facial palsy, meningoencephalitis and retinal vasculitis was observed in the patients. From their data the authors conclude that the true incidence of Lyme disease is probably underestimated in Italy, and that this diagnosis should always be considered in patients presenting with a typical picture even in non-endemic areas, taking into account both the wide possibilities of treatment offered today and the severe complications of untreated disease.
Trauma to the temporal bone: Diagnosis and management of complications; The temporal bone contains important sensory and neural structures that may be damaged in patients who experience craniofacial trauma. The most serious complications of temporal bone trauma include facial nerve paralysis, cerebrospinal fluid leak, and hearing loss. Injury to the temporal bone often presents with subtle signs and symptoms, such as otorrhea, facial palsy, and hemotympanum. A high index of suspicion and a thorough knowledge of how to diagnose injury to the temporal bone are paramount in treating patients who present to the emergency room with craniofacial trauma. This article provides an overview of temporal bone trauma, outlines a methodical approach to the patient with temporal bone trauma, details four cases, and describes the treatment of complications.
Facial palsy in acute otitis media; During the 17-year period from 1977 to 1994 a total of 23 patients in Copenhagen County were admitted to hospital with facial palsy, developed during acute otitis media. This corresponds to an annual incidence of 2.3 per million inhabitants. In the pre-antibiotic era it was estimated that 0.5% of patients with acute otitis media developed facial palsy. Our figures indicate a decrease of this complication by a factor of 100, to 0.005%. Although fourteen of the patients were children, the risk of an acute otitis media being complicated by facial palsy seems to be highest in adults (who have a low incidence of acute otitis media). All the children were ≤ 3 years of age and 2/3 of the adults ≤ 50 years of age. Complete remission was seen in all patients, except one. The time interval to complete remission was correlated significantly with the degree of the facial palsy on admission, as it was longest in the most severe facial palsies.
Cholesteatoma - A dangerous condition; The aggressive and erosive properties of cholesteatoma can lead to life-threatening complications despite its benign histology. These complications still occur despite all attempts by otolaryngologists to encourage early detection and treatment. The present study reviews three recent life-threatening or severe complications of cholesteatoma including a large cerebellar abscess, a parapharyngeal abscess and facial nerve palsy. The cause in each case was a grossly invasive cholesteatoma involving die temporal bone. The variable biology of cholesteatoma sometimes leads to marked erosion of the temporal bone with involvement of the brain, neck and cranial nerves. Current research has helped us to understand the pathogenesis and behaviour of cholesteatoma, but the triggers for this intriguing disease remain unknown.
Inhibition of proteases in Pseudomonas otitis media in chinchillas; The treatment of chronic suppurative otitis media caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa remains a challenging problem. The virulence of Pseudomonas is related to its secretion of two matrix metalloproteinases, alkaline protease and elastase. This experiment examines the effects of a synthetic inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases GM 6001, or N-(2(R)-2(hydroxyamido corbonylmethyl)-4-methylpentanoyl]-L-tryptophane methylomide), in a chinchilla Pseudomonas otitis media model. Thirty chinchillas underwent bilateral subtotal tympanic membrane perforations. Twenty-four chinchillas underwent bilateral middle ear inoculation with P. aeruginosa. Chinchillas were divided into four groups of six animals after the establishment of otitis media. Animals in one group were controls; the other three groups received either gentamicin, GM 6001, or gentamicin plus GM 6001 into the external auditory canal three times daily for 4 weeks. Clearance of Pseudomonas infection occurred in three ears of three animals, all in gentamicin groups, with or without GM 6001. Otorrhea (p = 0.0014) and external canal erythema (p = 0.025) were mild in the two gentamicin groups and moderate in the GM 6001 group when compared with bacterial controls. Animals in the GM 6001 group had the highest survival rate, less severe facial paralysis, and less vestibular toxicity than the gentamicin, gentamicin plus GM 6001, or control groups, although these differences were not statistically significant. This pilot study showed encouraging results for a role of ototopical protease inhibitors in the treatment of Pseudomonas otitis media.
Infantile peripheral facial paralysis; Peripheral facial paralysis is a common mononeuropathy in adults. It is less frequent in children, but is very upsetting for parents when it occurs. Its causes in children are similar to those found in adults, the most common being idiopathic. However, secondary facial paralysis is the most frequent cause in children. The results of a 4-year follow-up of 29 cases of peripheral facial paralysis in 26 children age 14 and under are reported. The causes, evolution, treatment, recuperation, care, and rate of admission are reviewed. Results are compared to those found in the follow-up of 196 adult cases of peripheral facial paralysis made by the authors.
The learning curve for acoustic tumor surgery; Although operative experience is considered to be critically important in the surgical management of acoustic tumors, little objective evidence substantiates this claim. The present study was undertaken to determine whether a learning curve exists for acoustic tumor surgery. The first 96 acoustic tumor patients managed surgically by a new neurotologic team were retrospectively reviewed. A significant improvement (P<.0003; F=6.32) in the ability to achieve good (grade II or better) postoperative facial nerve function was identified. Improving trends for complete resection rate and hearing preservation were documented, and the incidence of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leaks declined; however, statistical significance was not achieved. For postoperative facial nerve function, approximately 60 cases were necessary before the new team achieved results similar to those of highly experienced surgeons. The frequencies of complete resection, CSF leaks, hearing preservation, stroke, and mortality were comparable to those of experienced neurotologic teams. The findings of this study may have implications for both patient care and physician training.
Neuro-otological findings after radiosurgery for acoustic neurinomas; Objective: To evaluate the neuro-otological complications in patients after radiosurgery for acoustic neurinomas. Design: Inception cohort, retrospective study. Setting: University hospital. Patients: A consecutive sample of 46 patients with acoustic neurinomas who underwent unilateral gamma knife radiosurgery at the University of Tokyo, Japan, between June 1990 and June 1994 were followed up by otolaryngologists for more than 3 months. Intervention: Gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery. Main Outcome Measures: Neuro-otological examinations including pure tone audiometry, auditory brain stem response, and caloric test. Results: Tumor growth occurred in 2 patients (4.3%). Seven (18%) of the 38 patients with preserved hearing of any extent became deaf within 1 year. In cases of gradual hearing loss, the average deterioration rate was approximately 8 dB per year. Abnormalities of auditory brain stem response preceded deafness in 2 patients. Caloric response, preserved before treatment in 13 patients, disappeared 4 to 13 months after treatment (median, 8 months) in 9 (69%) of them, whereas their hearing was preserved. Delayed facial palsy and persistent trigeminal neuropathy occurred in 10 (22%) and 7 (15%) of the 46 patients, respectively. Severe facial palsy tended to persist. Conclusions: The rates of neuro-otological complications of radiosurgery are almost comparable with those previously reported from other institutions. The deafness within 1 year after treatment might be attributed to a lesion in the cochlear nerve. Hearing loss did not parallel vestibular function loss. The persistent severe facial palsy contrasts with previously reported findings. Considering the serious facial nerve complications that occurred in some of our patients, further study to disclose the risk factors for neurological dysfunction would be needed for radiosurgery to become a true, safe alternative to microsurgery.
The role of endoscopy in facial plastic surgery; Aesthetic facial rejuvenation has become more acceptable and commonplace, most likely fueled by the baby boom generation beginning to suffer the ravages of time. As more and younger patients seek facial rejuvenation, surgeons have been seeking enhanced approaches, improved in the sense of yielding results that are the same or better while at the same time decreasing the perioperative and postoperative sequelae. The endoscope was adapted to forehead and facelift surgery with these objectives in mind. The design of this review is to provide my opinion on how the endoscope can be useful for rejuvenation of the midface and the subperiosteal brow lift. The endoscopic malar pad lift is a technique developed by me to selectively lift the midface. This approach can also be used in conjunction with a subperiosteal brow lift, a facelift, or both.
Surgical treatment of lagophthalmos in facial palsy: Ear cartilage graft for elongating the levator palpebrae muscle; Ocular exposure, conjunctival irritation and corneal keratitis are disturbing consequences of facial paralysis with lagophthalmos. Many techniques have been described for correcting this condition. A new method for decreasing the palpebral fissure is presented. An ear cartilage graft is interposed between the tarsal plate and the levator palpebrae superioris muscle. 12 patients with paralysis of the orbicularis oculi muscle, as assessed by electromyography, were treated with this technique. The palpebral fissure was decreased by 2-3 mm in all cases. 11 patients showed significant improvement of their eye symptoms. One patient, in whom the palpebral fissure could not be closed sufficiently to protect the eye, required additional lengthening by 4 mm of the cartilage graft and a lateral tarsorrhaphy.
Facial nerve palsy during pregnancy.; The aim of this prospective study was to investigate whether pregnancy predisposes to facial nerve palsy and what the specific properties of facial nerve palsy are during this period. Eight cases of idiopathic facial nerve palsy occurring during the last trimester of pregnancy are presented. Out of 50 women with idiopathic facial nerve palsy, 15 were in childbearing age; eight presented a facial nerve palsy during pregnancy of which 6 during the last trimester of pregnancy. The electrodiagnostic tests indicated nerve degeneration in two of the eight cases; they were treated with corticosteroids. In the other six patients, no nerve degeneration was observed, and therefore, no treatment was given. These data suggest that pregnancy is probably associated with an increased predisposition to facial nerve palsy.
Rehabilitation of the paralysed face: Results of facial nerve surgery; The case notes of 34 patients undergoing rehabilitative facial nerve surgery between 1978 and 1994 were retrospectively examined. Thirteen patients underwent facio-hypoglossal transposition with six achieving a facial nerve grade of IV (House-Brackmann scale) at 24 months post-surgery. Twelve patients underwent cable grafting of the facial nerve defect. Of these, 10 achieved a grade III result at 24 months. Nine patients underwent end to end anastomosis of the facial nerve, seven achieving a grade III result at 24 months after the repair. Re-routing of the facial nerve and the use of tissue glue to effect the anastomosis did not have an adverse effect on the outcome. Comparison of rerouted end to end anastomosis with non-re-routed cable grafting showed no difference. Patients presenting pre-operatively with facial weakness and those in whom nerve repair surgery was delayed for more than six months were less likely to have a good result.
A study of 71 cases of facial palsy: Comparison of SGB only and combination of SGB and steroid therapy; A statistical analysis was performed on 71 cases of facial palsy. Bell's palsy comprised 73% of the total of 71 cases (Fig. 1). Three patients received dental treatment before the onset of facial palsy. Their mean age was 43 years. A large number of the patients with Bell's palsy were between 41-50 years of age. With Hunt syndrome, a large number of the patients were between 30-40 years of age (Fig. 2). The incidence of palsy did not differ significantly between the right and left side. Stellate ganglion block (SGB) was used as the therapy first choice in 64.8% of the 71 patients (Fig. 3). In the Bell's palsy, the number of times (25 ± 24) (Fig. 4), and the prognosis of Bell's palsy was better than that of Hunt syndrome (Fig. 5). In comparing of the response to and the prognosis of differences between SGB therapy and the combination of SGB and steroid therapy, there were no significant differences in age, gender, or the number of SGB (Fig. 6 Table 1). Therefore, the efficacy of the combination of SGB and steroid therapy needs further investigation. These finding suggest that the SGB therapy is the first choice in outpatients of facial palsy.
Long-term results of surgery for temporal bone paraganglioma; The only way to resolve the dispute about the effectiveness of surgery versus radiation therapy for glomus tympanicum and jugulare tumors is adequate long-term studies. In a retrospective study with an average follow-up period of 15 years (range 11 to 23 years) we reassessed 11 patients with glomus tympanicum tumors and 11 patients with glomus jugulare tumors. Ten of 11 patients with glomus tympanicum tumor were tumor-free after surgery. A temporary facial palsy and an external meatal wall defect were the only surgical complications. The air-bone gap postoperatively closed to within 10 dB in three patients, to within 20 dB in six patients, and to more than 30 dB in one patient. Nine of 10 patients with glomus jugulare tumor receiving complete resection were tumor-free. Less than half the patients experienced new-onset cranial nerve function loss, and all made satisfactory recovery, eliminating the need for tracheostomy or gastrostomy. In two patients, the hearing could be preserved on the preoperative level, but the majority already presented with deafness. In the long-term, surgery remains a treatment of choice for glomus tympanicum tumors. It is also an extremely effective treatment with low morbidity for glomus jugulare tumors, including those with intracranial extension.
Facial nerve neuromas (about five cases); Five patients with intra-petrous facial neuromas were treated between 1993 and 1995. The most common sympton was facial paralysis in four cases and conduction hearing loss with a mass behind the tympanic membrane in one case. For all cases a MRI led to an accurate diagnosis of the tumoral invasion. Four patients had an operation (one middle cranial fossa approach, one transmastoidal approach and two transmastoidal approach and middle cranial fossa approach associated). Results are analysed and a discussion on the clinical and para-clinical diagnosis as well as the treatment method is realized considering the literature.
Miofacial exercises and idiopathic facial paralysis - Preliminary report; The authors have studied 80 patients with idiopathic facial paralysis assisted at Hospital das Clinicas da Faculdade de Medicina da Universidade de Sao Paulo. The patients were divided into 2 groups: 40 were submitted to miofunctional exercises, while 40 were not, comprising the control group. Comparing the 2 groups each other and the literature, the authors have confirmed that miofunctional exercises have speeded up the idiophatic facial paralysis recovery.
A case of delayed loss of facial nerve function after acoustic neuroma surgery; We report on the uncommon delay of facial palsy in the course of a patient who underwent surgery for a left sided acoustic neuroma. Facial nerve function was preserved without clinical or electrophysiological deficit during the immediate postoperative phase and then lost almost totally over two days. This began on the seventh postoperative day. Recovery became visible under hypervolemic hemodilution and glucocorticoids a few days later and was complete after three months. Vasospasm in combination with neural edema might account for this uncommon delay of postoperative facial nerve deterioration.
Delayed facial palsy after acoustic neuroma resection: The role of viral reactivation; Purpose: Delayed facial palsy after acoustic neuroma resection may occur in up to 15% of cases. Prognosis is generally good if the palsy does not progress to total paralysis. However, a delayed palsy with subsequent total paralysis has a more variable final outcome, which ranges from normal function to permanent total paralysis. This delayed paralysis has been attributed to edema from surgical manipulation of the facial nerve. Steroids and intraoperative decompression of the meatal foramen have been used with some success, but some cases remain refractory to these measures. Herpes simplex virus and varicella-zoster virus are ubiquitous in the population and remain in a latent state in neural ganglia. These viruses are reactivated during times of stress. Trigeminal nerve surgery (partial sensory rhizotomy and microvascular decompression) stimulates reactivation of herpes simplex with manifestations in the sensory distribution of the trigeminal nerve in 38-94% of procedures. Prevention of this reactivation has been demonstrated in placebo-controlled trials by using prophylactic acyclovir. We present a patient who underwent translabyrinthine resection of an intracanalicular acoustic neuroma and in whom developed otalgia, vesicles on the ear canal and the ipsilateral buccal mucosa, and progressive facial palsy the week after surgery. Serologic evaluation confirmed the diagnosis of herpes tester oticus. Reactivation of latent virus apparently occurred as a result of surgical manipulation of the facial nerve. This parallels viral reactivation seen in trigeminal nerve surgery. We propose a new theory for an additional cause of delayed facial palsy after acoustic neuroma resection-reactivation of latent herpesvirus resulting from surgical trauma. Acyclovir should be evaluated in clinical trials for a prophylactic role in patients undergoing acoustic neuroma resection or a therapeutic role in patients in whom a delayed postoperative facial palsy develops.
Bilateral operculum syndrome; The bilateral operculum syndrome, is a unique developmental syndrome. It is characterized by spastic paralysis of the muscles of the face, pharynx, and of mastication, as well as by epilepsy and mental retardation. Imaging studies show bilateral, structural abnormalities in the frontal, perisylvian region consistent with polymicrogyria. These children are usually diagnosed as suffering from cerebral palsy, but in the bilateral operculum syndrome, intelligence is relatively preserved despite the severe motor involvement. Misdiagnosis may lead to improper estimation of rehabilitation potential preventing appropriate therapy, especially in the field of alternative communication. We present a 3-year-old boy, apparently the first case of this syndrome to be described in Israel.
The surgical management of patients with glomus tumours of the skull base; Total surgical excision is the only treatment modality that offers a cure for patients with glomus tumours of the skull base. The vascularity, inaccessibility and frequently extensive local spread, all contribute to the difficulties encountered in the management of patients with these complex lesions. Owing to the rarity of skull base glomus tumours, experience in their management can only be attained over long periods of time. We describe the surgical management of 20 patients with large glomus tumours of the skull base treated by an otoneurosurgical team over an 11-year period. Overall, 70% of patients had an excellent outcome, 10% a good outcome and 20% a poor outcome at a mean follow-up of 3.1 years. Poor outcomes were due to severe facial nerve palsies in two cases, and poorly accommodated palsies of the bulbar cranial nerves in a further two patients. The management of postoperative neurological deficits is discussed in detail. We conclude that in the majority of patients with skull base glomus rumours, complete surgical excision can be safely achieved.
Multiple sclerosis: Symptomatic treatment; Reports of new therapeutic agents designed to suppress inflammatory processes in multiple sclerosis have excited much interest but, thus far, have had little influence on symptoms, disability and handicap in patients. The clinical application of recent advances in physcial, pharmacological and surgical approaches to management will, at least in the medium-term future, therefore offer significantly greater opportunities for improving the quality of life of patients with multiple sclerosis. Here, symptomatic treatment of the whole range of difficulties encountered by patients with multiple sclerosis is reviewed in the context of the multidisciplinary strategy crucial to an optimal outcome.
Streptokinase induced primary intraventricular haemorrhage; Primary intraventricular haemorrhage secondary to thrombolytic therapy has not been reported. A 55 years male who received i.v. streptokinase (STK) followed by heparinization for an acute myocardial infraction developed an extensive primary intraventricular haemorrhage from which he made an uneventful recovery over the next three months.
Treatment of growth hormone insensitivity syndrome (GHIS) with insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I); The newly available IGF-I therapy in GHIS is effective in promoting growth and may eventually prevent dwarfism in these patients. Nevertheless, this therapy is still in its experimental phase. The effects of subcutaneous IGF-I injection on various metabolic components are complex due to the intricate effects and regulation of the components of the IGF system in general and in particular in GHIS. More experience with IGF-I treatment is needed to exploit the full potential of this new therapeutic agent.
Bell's palsy in ENT emergency ward. Retrospective study of 169 cases; Retrospective study covering 169 Bell's palsies out of 196 peripheral palsies, attended at ENT emergency ward (Son Dureta Hospital, Majorca), between January 1992 and December 1993. In our series Bell's palsy, the so called "a frigore", accounted for the most prevalent peripheral palsies seen. No significative differences could be appreciate regarding the sex or the affected side. Nor significant variations in seasonal frequency. The incidence by ages revealed two outstanding picks in the 3rd and the 8th decade.
A histomorphometric analysis of the cross-facial nerve graft in the treatment of facial paralysis.; One of the most unsettling sequela of facial paralysis (FP) is the loss of the blink reflex, leading to both a functional and aesthetic deformity. A successful method of treating FP and, in particular, loss of eye-sphincter function, is the use of the cross-facial nerve graft (CFNG) to reinnervate the previously denervated orbicularis oculi muscle. The present study examined the histomorphometric aspects of the entire CFNG, with respect to axon diameter and myelin area. The axon profile of the CFNG had a positive correlation with motor end-plate counts and electrophysiologic recordings. These results should help in further understanding the number of motor axons needed to restore adequate function to the paralyzed eye sphincter, and establish more rational reconstructive procedures.
Orofacial lesions in Crohn's disease; We describe a female patient with Crohn's disease who presented with longstanding gingival swelling. She went into remission after surgery, but had labial involvement while in remission. A review of the literature is presented with special reference to the clinical characteristics of orofacial Crohn's disease and Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, which can mimic such presentation of Crohn's disease.
Granulomatous glossitis as a symptom of an oligosymptomatic form of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Atypical forms of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome are difficult to diagnose, especially when occurring in uncommon facial locations. The clinical and histological characteristics of these forms are illustrated in a typical case. We report our experiences with a 59-year-old white male who had increasing swelling of his tongue for years and a recent onset of perioral swelling. A plicated tongue was present, while symptoms of facial and trigeminal nerve involvement were absent. Minor symptoms present were speech impediments, dysgeusia, episodes of hypersalivation and burning sensations on eating. Biopsies revealed sarcoid and lymphonodular-plasmocytic granulomatous infiltrates. These findings were consistent with a diagnosis of an oligosymptomatic Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Swelling of the tongue and that of the perioral region was controlled with clofazimine therapy.
Intensity of MR contrast enhancement does not correspond to clinical and electroneurographic findings in acute inflammatory facial nerve palsy; PURPOSE: To determine the value of MR contrast enhancement in predicting the course of acute inflammatory facial nerve palsy and in selecting patients for surgical decompression. METHODS: Six patients with an acute inflammatory incomplete or complete peripheral facial nerve palsy (five idiopathic and one herpetic in origin) had repeated MR imaging studies with and without contrast enhancement, electroneurography, and clinical examinations to establish a connection between the intensity of contrast enhancement on MR images, the clinical condition, and the electrophysiological data. The examinations were performed every second day starting on the first day of admission until clinical recovery was proved by clinical deblockage (spontaneous clinical improvement). The last examination was performed 3 months after the onset of the facial nerve palsy. RESULTS: An abnormal, very intense contrast enhancement of the facial nerve was always present in the distal intrameatal and proximal tympanic segments and in the geniculate ganglion. The labyrinthine segment exhibited a mild to moderate enhancement, and the distal tympanic and mastoid segments showed a moderate to intense enhancement. The intensity of contrast enhancement did not correspond to the severity, duration, or course of the facial nerve palsy, and the electroneurographic data had no predictive value in indicating the severity of the inflammatory process. Three months after clinical recovery, a persistent and more or less unchanged or even slightly more intense contrast enhancement was observed. CONCLUSION: The long-lasting intense contrast enhancement seen in the facial nerve segments of patients who have acute peripheral inflammatory facial nerve palsy is explained by a two phase breakdown of the blood-nerve barrier.
New method for treatment of lagophthalmos in reversible facial palsy; Background: For prophylaxis or therapy of lagophthalmic keratopathy ointment application or hour glass dressing is indicated. The hour glass dressing has the disadvantage of a continuous visual impairment by steaming up of the moisture chamber. The main problem for the patients is the strong subjective feeling of physical handicap. A therapeutic alternative is the gravity dependent lidloading, which is known as gold implantation in cases of irreversible lagophthalmos. Methods and patients: By lead weights of 0.8 to 2.0 g, which are fixed to the upper lid by a foil glueing on both sides (Tesafix) or in allergic patients by an adhesive layer, well tolerated by the skin (Combihesive), the lidclosure can become restored without impairment of lidopening. In a controlled study the described method was first tested on 10 normal persons and than applied to 22 patients with lagophthalmos. Meanwhile the new method was applied to 32 further patients. Results: The 'liddynamic' procedure is effective and well tolerated: it is more accepted, especially during the day, because of better visual function and better cosmetics. The hour glass dressing, is still of importance in serious cases of kerathopathy during the night. Conclusion: 'lidloading' with lead weights, which are glued by an adhesive layer to the upper lid, can be recommended as a new method in cases of reversible lagophthalmos or as a preparing step before a gold implantation.
Surgical repair of paralytic lagophthalmos by medial tarsal suspension of the lower lid; Background - The seventh nerve palsy causes loss of function in the affected orbicularis oculi muscle. There is exposure and dessication of the corneal surface and obvious aesthetic changes in facial symmetry. Method - A surgical procedure has been used in 11 patients to substantially improve palpebral closure. The technique consists of a small upper lid tarsoconjunctival flap sutured into a nasal pretarsal pocket of the lower lid, achieving a medial tarsal suspension of the lower lid. Results - This technique improves cosmesis, is reversible, and combinable with other procedures. The signs and symptoms of exposure keratitis are satisfactorily resolved. There have been no complications in an average follow up of 5 1/4 years after this surgical procedure. Conclusion - This technique could be considered an appropriate treatment for patients suffering temporary or permanent facial palsy.
Congenital esotropia; 'Congenital' esotropia is not typically present at birth. A heritable defect of the binocular fusional reflex can result in a congenital esotropia. Surgical correction should be offered between 5 and 12 months of age. Amblyopia therapy should be performed prior to surgery, but can be safely postponed, and sometimes avoided, if initiated following surgery. Hyperopic spectacles should be attempted when the refractive error is greater than +3.00 D prior to considering surgery. A graded bilateral medial rectus recession is the preferred surgical treatment. Inferior oblique anteriorizations should be performed simultaneously with horizontal rectus surgery if preoperative inferior oblique overaction is observed. Although bifoveal fixation is possible, the monofixation syndrome is a desirable postoperative sensory outcome for patients with congenital esotropia. Congenital esotropia represents a disorder that continues to evolve after initial successful surgical alignment. Postoperative accommodative esotropia, inferior oblique overaction, dissociated vertical deviation, and consecutive exotropia may all represent a continuum of this congenital defect of binocular vision.
Anterior extraoral surgery to the upper cervical spine; Study Design. A series of 10 patients surgically treated with prevascular or retrovascular extraoral retropharyngeal approach to the upper cervical spine is examined. Objectives. In orthopedic surgery, retropharyngeal approach may replace the transoral surgery, obviating the risks of infection and the uncomfortable postoperative course of cases in which median labiomandibular glossotomy was used to accomplish complex bone reconstruction. Summary of the Background Data. The transoral approach is reported in literature as the classical anterior access to the upper cervical spine that provides direct exposure for anterior decompression of the spinal cord. The risks, the surgical limits, and the postoperative difficulties of transmucosal access suggest the use of an anterior extraoral retropharyngeal approach in orthopedic surgery. Methods. The series includes four neoplastic lesions (osteoma, aneurismal bone cyst, giant cell tumor, solitary metastasis), three retropharyngeal ossifications resulting from diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis, and a single case of os odontoideum, craniocervical malformation, and postlaminectomy kyphosis. Results. At follow-up evaluation, all patients achieved a satisfactory outcome, with good clinical and radiographic results; nasotracheal intubation obviated the need for tracheostomy. The wide surgical exposure allowed reconstruction with iliac strut bone grafts and internal fixation in six patients, avoiding the need of a halo device. The only complications were four instances of transient palsies of the marginal mandibular branch of the facial nerve. Conclusions. In the anterior surgery of the upper cervical spine, the prevascular approach allows a wide surgical exposure, with visualization similar to that obtained with median labiomandibular glossotomy. The retrovascular approach is indicated in selected cases, such as tumor adjacent to the vertebral artery and C1-C2 arthrodesis with bilateral transarticular screws according to Barbour.
Etiology, investigation and therapy of facial nerve palsy; The authors give a description of the causes of the peripheral facial palsy (traumas, viral and bacterial infections, tumors and palsies of unknown origin). Emphasis is given to those anamnestic data, which are useful in the differential diagnostic procedure. Diagnostic methods (modern otologic investigation technics, imaging methods, electrodiagnostic tests), which may help in the precise diagnosis, are discussed. Authors survey the guidelines in the medical and surgical treatment, as well as the electrotherapy of the peripheral facial palsy. The prognostic factors of the disease are also discussed. The author's opinion, that the effectiveness of the treatment is good, and consequently to treat the patients is necessary, and gives high success rate to the doctor.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Interest of cheiloplasty; Introduction. The interest of cheiloplasty is not precisely defined in the treatment of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS). Observation. The case of a 32-year-old woman, suffering from a typical MRS is reported. The lack of efficacy of various classical molecules (corticosteroids, hydroxychloroquine, dapsone, colchicine, clofazimine) led to a surgical therapy, consisting in cheiloplasty. Systemic corticosteroids were associated. The result was good, with a follow-up of 2 years. Comments. Cheiloplasty is essentially of cosmetical interest, in the MRS, once the inflammatory process has been stopped (almost one year). Medical treatment (corticosteroids), is to be continued after surgery, to avoid recurrence.
Lyme neuroborreliosis in children; Children are more likely than adults to be bitten by ticks and thus more likely to be infected by Borrelia burgdorferi. In a serosurvey the infection rate measured by immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies was 2.6%. In a prospective hospital-based multicentre study 169 children with Lyme neuroborreliosis were examined; the infection was diagnosed by detection of specific immunoglobulin M (IgM) antibodies in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) using an IgM capture ELISA. The yearly incidence of Lyme neuroborreliosis was 5.8 cases per 100,000 children aged 1-13. Facial palsy and lymphocytic meningitis account for nearly 90% of all cases with neuroborreliosis indicating striking differences in the clinical spectrum between children and adults. Lyme borreliosis proves to be the most frequently verifiable cause of acute peripheral facial palsy in children, causing every second case of this disorder in the summer and autumn. In cases of facial palsy, nearly all patients with a positive history of tick bite or erythema migrans in the head and neck region show ipsilateral subsequent facial nerve palsy, suggesting a direct invasion via the affected nerve by Borrelia burgdorferi. Lyme borreliosis is the third most frequent cause of lymphocytic meningitis in childhood. Inflammatory changes of the cerebrospinal fluid along with the presence of specific antibodies are mandatory for the diagnosis of Lyme neuroborreliosis. High-dose intravenous penicillin G as well as third-generation cephalosporins prove to be effective in paediatric Lyme neuroborreliosis.
A transcultural view of neurological and mental pathology in a Tzeltal Maya community of the Altos Chiapas; OBJECTIVES. This anthropological study forms part of field-work undertaken in Mahosik, a Tzeltal Maya community of 250 inhabitants in the Altos de Chiapas, to obtain insight into the neurological and psychosomatic pathology in an ethnic and cultural setting different to ours. MATERIAL AND METHOD. Accompanied by a Tzeltal translator we interviewed various witch-doctors and faith healers of the Tzeltal Maya tribe to find out their ideas about neurological and mental diseases and the treatments used. RESULTS. Headache or "k'ux jolol' is the fourth most common cause of consultation after acute respiratory and gastrointestinal disorders and fevers. To relieve it, the boiled leaves of the bush "payté' ("Tagetes neisonii') are used as a medicinal bath. Migraine, "yaxti-wanjol chawaj' is treated with the raw, crushed roots of the herbs "chopak pox' and "bakte pox' together with the practice of cutting the patient with a piece of glass in the temporal region, deep enough to make him bleed. Epilepsy or "tub tub ikal' is caused by an abuse suffered by the animal spirit which accompanies the individual, after a fight between the animal-companions or spirits which serve the forces of Good and Evil. The person with chronic crises is considered a witch. Depression or "melotan' is fairly common. This is treated with camomile tea containing an orange and a lime leaf. "Xiwel' or fear is one of the commonest psychosomatic disorders. The faith-healer has to return the lost spirit to its owner in a ceremony involving prayer, alcohol and the sacrifice of a fowl. Psychosis or "jowijel' may be due to alcohol, dog bite or witch craft and has no cure. Madness "chawaj' is caused by bewitchment during a nightmare. It is treated with the sap of "viborana' mixed with wild beans.
Two pediatric cases of facial palsy caused by masked mastoiditis; Two children with otogenic facial palsy are reported. The tympanic membranes of a 15-month-old boy and a girl of the same age were hyperemic, dull, and bulging, and the children suffered from masked mastoiditis. The facial palsy had not been improved by myringotomy, and parenteral administration of antibiotics and steroids. Finally, tympanomastoidectomy and facial nerve decompression was performed and a tympanostomy tube was inserted. Both patients completely recovered facial nerve function within two months after the operation. On the basis of the results of those operations tympanomastoidectomy and the facial nerve decompression may become necessary in such cases as those caused by masked mastoiditis.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland in children; A five-year-old boy with squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland is presented. The patient had a painless mass in his left parotid region with left facial palsy. Squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland shows high grade malignancy and is extremely rare in children, especially under five years old. After neo-adjuvant chemotherapy, he was given a total parotidectomy and radical neck dissection. The left facial nerve could not be preserved. Radiotherapy was also administered postoperatively. There was no evidence of local recurrence or distant metastasis 18 months after the surgery. Careful long-term follow-up is mandatory for this patient.
Surgical treatment of benign tumours of the salivary glands.; In this multicentre retrospective study 30 patients with benign salivary gland tumours are reviewed. Initial operation consisted of total parotidectomy in 6 patients, superficial lobectomy in 13 and tumour enucleation in 11. There were 5 recurrences, treated by enucleation in 1, superficial lobectomy in 2 and extensive total resection in 2 patients. In 18 cases a typical facial nerve dissection was performed. The resected specimens showed a pleiomorph adenoma in 24 cases and monomorph adenoma's in 6 cases. Complications were haematoma formation, Frey syndrome and facial nerve paresis. Recurrences were related to incomplete resection or fragmentation during operation. In this study benign tumours of the salivary glands proved to have a good prognosis, provided a total tumour excision with nerve dissection is performed; the excision should consist of a superficial lobectomy or total parotidectomy depending on the location of the tumour in the lateral or medial part of the gland.
Management of Bell's palsy.; Bell's palsy or idiopathic palsy is the most common disorder affecting the facial nerve. Diagnosis is primarily one of exclusion. There is typically an acute unilateral facial paresis that evolves in 24 to 48 hours. Etiology and pathophysiology are heavily disputed, and as of yet unknown. The natural history of Bell's palsy is favorable. Eight-four percent show satisfactory recovery without any treatment, however 16% suffer moderate to severe sequelae. Prognosis is influenced by degree of paresis, age of patient, and time until first signs of recovery. Prognostic testing currently involves various electrophysiological tests. More than 90% degeneration of the facial nerve carries a poor prognosis for recovery; these are the patients who may benefit from facial nerve decompression surgery. If surgery is performed it should be done early (< 21 days from onset of palsy) and should include a middle cranial fossa decompression. Steroids are generally agreed to be beneficial. Acyclovir would seem to be a promising drug; however studies have not adequately assessed its use.
Brainstem tegmental necrosis and olivary hypoplasia: A lethal entity associated with congenital apnea; Previously, we reported an isolated case of a newborn with central apnea at birth, ventilator-dependence, and combined malformative and destructive brainstem lesions (1). We now report 2 additional cases with similar clinicopathologic features. All 3 patients were male (XY karyotype) and required immediate ventilatory support in the delivery room. Perinatal complications included polyhydramnios and breech presentation. Variable cranial nerve palsies and orofacial and limb anomalies were present. The patients died within minutes of withdrawal of ventilatory support at 2 to 11 weeks after birth. Significant neuropathologic findings were localized to the caudal pons and medulla, and included tegmental necrosis (neuronal loss, gliosis, mineralization) with involvement of respiratory-related nuclei, and anomalies of rhombic lip derivatives (olivary hypoplasia, arcuate nucleus hyperplasia). Three dimensional computer reconstructions facilitated clinicoanatomic correlations, and underscored the restriction of the lesions to pointine and medullary rhombomeres and rhombic lip. The histopathology of these cases suggests a malformative process occurring at the end of the first trimester (time of rhombic lip migrations), and a superimposed destructive process (tegmental necrosis) in the second half of gestation. Although the etiology is unknown, the segmental nature of the lesions suggests the possibility of an abnormality in homeobox gene regulation. These cases likely represent a distinct clinicopathologic entity that should be considered in the differential diagnosis of Moebius syndrome and failure to breathe at birth.
Guillain-Barre syndrome: An unusual complication after snake bite; The mortality rate of the Formosan krait bite has been reported to be 23%; death is from respiratory paralysis caused by neuromuscular junctions being blocked by bungarotoxin. This article presents the first case report of Guillain-Barre syndrome after snake envenomization. The patient presented with symmetric paresis and sensory signs in the upper and lower limbs, autonomic dysfunction, facial nerve involvement, and mild elevated cerebrospinal fluid protein at about 4 weeks after the bite. Electrodiagnostic studies revealed profound sensory and motor polyneuropathy. Repeated electrophysiologic findings confirmed nerve regeneration. The patient reached satisfactory functional outcome after a short-term intensive rehabilitation program despite severe axonal degeneration. This article also discusses the possible mechanism of immunopathogenesis of Guillain-Barre syndrome after krait bite.
Guillain-Barre syndrome: A team approach to diagnosis and treatment; Guillain-Barre syndrome is the most frequently acquired demyelinating peripheral polyneuropathy. In approximately two-thirds of cases, Guillain- Barre syndrome is preceded by a viral respiratory or gastrointestinal infection. The mechanism of injury is unclear but is believed to be immunologic. The cardinal clinical feature is symmetric and rapidly progressive weakness. Aspiration and respiratory failure are the major concerns. Sensory symptoms, such as paresthesias, are common. The most severe stage of the disease is reached two to four weeks after onset. Dysautonomia has replaced respiratory failure as the most common cause of death. Recovery is variable: 50 percent of patients recover completely, about 35 percent experience permanent neurologic sequelae, and 15 percent are significantly and permanently damaged. About 10 percent relapse before complete recovery, and 2 to 5 percent experience recurrence after full recovery. Laboratory confirmation of Guillain-Barre syndrome includes the typical cerebrospinal fluid cytoalbumin dissociation (elevated protein without white blood cells). Treatment is primarily symptomatic and preventive. Convalescent patients require intensive inpatient physical and occupational therapy to improve strength end prevent disabling contractures.
Lyme borreliosis neuropathy: A case report; Lyme borreliosis is responsible for a large variety of peripheral neurologic manifestations including axonal polyneuropathy, radiculopathy, and facial nerve palsy. The prevalence of the disease must draw our attention on the possible responsibility of Borrelia burgdorferi in the pathogenesis of such symptomatology. Electrophysiologic studies demonstrate a proximal and distal axonal involvement, whereas neuropathologic studies suggest that vasculitis might be one of the primary pathophysiologic mechanisms. Electromyography provides a useful diagnostic tool and an important measure of response to treatment. Although peripheral neuropathy usually improves, our case report confirms the fact that chronic neurologic manifestations may not consistently resolve with appropriate treatment.
Defining functional limitation, disability, and societal limitations in patients with facial paresis: Initial pilot questionnaire; Experiences with patients with facial paralysis over the last 25 years and recent efforts to develop objective measures of paresis and synkinesis led us to three hypotheses: (a) dysfunction in certain regions of the face is more disturbing than that in others, (b) there are major psychosocial impacts of facial paralysis, and (c) the impact of facial paralysis is underestimated. An initial questionnaire of 10 open-ended items was submitted to 11 subjects stabilized after acoustic tumor resection. Responses were tabulated qualitatively, and frequency counts were made of responses. These results show that the region of the face that is most disturbing is the mouth; however, early in the time course of paralysis, the eye is most disturbing. Synkinesis about the eye is ultimately more disturbing than paresis in that region, and it may worsen. Major psychosocial impacts of paralysis appear common and underestimated. These pilot data qualitatively support the hypotheses.
The clinical spectrum of early Lyme borreliosis in patients with culture- confirmed erythema migrans; BACKGROUND: The diagnosis of erythema migrans (EM), the characteristic rash of early Lyme borreliosis, is based primarily on its clinical appearance since it often occurs prior to the development of a specific antibody response. Other skin disorders, however, may be confused with EM. METHODS: Between June 1991 and September 1993, a prospective study was conducted at the Lyme Disease Diagnostic Center of the Westchester County Medical Center to isolate Borrelia burgdorferi systematically from patients with EM, and to characterize the clinical manifestations of patients with culture-documented infection. Skin biopsies and/or needle aspirates of the advancing margin of primary lesions, and blood specimens from adult patients were cultured for B burgdorferi in modified Barbour-Stoenner-Kelly medium at 33°C. RESULTS: B burgdorferi was recovered from 79 patients (49 [62%] males) ranging in age from 16 to 76 years old (mean, 43 ± 14 years old). Maximum EM diameter (mean, 16 ± 10 cm; range, 6-73 cm) was a function of EM duration (mean 6.7 ± 6.4 days; range, 1-39 days)(correlation coefficient = 0.7; P <0.001). Twenty (25%) patients had noted a tick bite at the site of the primary lesion a mean of 10 days (range, 1-27 days) before onset. Multiple EM lesions (range, 2-70) were present in 14 (18%) patients. Systemic symptoms were present at the time of culture in 54 patients (68%) including fatigue (54%), arthralgia (44%), myalgia (44%), headache, (42%), fever and/or chills (39%), stiff neck (35%), and anorexia (26%). Thirty-three patients (42%) had at least one objective finding on physical examination in addition to EM, including 18 (23%) with localized lymphadenopathy, 13 (16%) with fever (T ≥ 37.8°C), seven (9%) with tender neck flexion, six (8%) with joint tenderness, and 1 each with joint swelling, nuchal rigidity, and facial nerve palsy. No patient had new electrocardiogram evidence of atrioventricular block. Liver function assays were abnormally elevated in 37% of patients. Thirty-four percent of patients were seropositive by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay at presentation. Most others rapidly seroconverted so that 69 of 78 evaluable patients (88%) were seropositive at some point during the first month after diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: We describe the largest group of culture-positive patients with EM from the United States to date. Although systemic symptoms were present in most patients, objective evidence of advanced disease was uncommon. Our patients with culture-confirmed EM were less sick than those described in the days before culture confirmation was possible. The ability to isolate B burgdorferi from lesional skin of large numbers of patients with EM should make culture-positive patients the standard by which to define manifestations of early Lyme borreliosis associated with this rash. Microbiologic documentation of Lyme borreliosis will help delineate the manifestations of this illness, and should form the framework for research directed at pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome presenting as a cranial polyneuropathy.; Ramsay Hunt syndrome is herpes zoster of the facial nerve, frequently associated with VIII cranial nerve involvement, but on rare occasions V, VI, IX, and X cranial nerves are affected as well. We present a case of a Ramsay Hunt syndrome with involvement of V, VII, and VIII cranial nerves.
Peripheral facial palsy after sagittal split ramus osteotomy for setback of the mandible. A case report.; The case of a 21-year-old man who underwent sagittal split setback osteotomy is described. He experienced facial nerve palsy 2 days after his surgery. However, after physical therapy and the administration of vitamins, he regained normal function within 3 months. The literature related to postoperative facial nerve paralysis is briefly reviewed.
Stereotactic radiosurgery for trigeminal neuralgia: A multiinstitutional study using the gamma unit; A multiinstitutional study was conducted to evaluate the technique, dose- selection parameters, and results of gamma knife stereotactic radiosurgery in the management of trigeminal neuralgia. Fifty patients at five centers underwent radiosurgery performed with a single 4-mm isocenter targeted at the nerve root entry zone. Thirty-two patients had undergone prior surgery, and the mean number of procedures that had been performed was 2.8 (range 1-7). The target dose of the radiosurgery used in the current study varied from 60 to 90 Gy. The median follow up period after radiosurgery was 18 months (range 11-36 months). Twenty-nine patients (58%) responded with excellent control (pain tree), 18 (36%) obtained good control (50%-90% relief), and three (6%) experienced treatment failure. The median time to pain relief was 1 month (range 1 day-6.7 months). Responses remained consistent for up to 3 years postradiosurgery in all cases except three (6%) in which the patients had pain recurrence at 5,7, and 10 months. At 2 years, 54% of patients were pain free and 88% had 50% to 100% relief. A maximum radiosurgical dose of 70 Gy or greater was associated with a significantly greater chance of complete pain relief (72% vs. 9%, p = 0.0003). Three patients (6%) developed increased facial paresthesia after radiosurgery, which resolved totally in one case and improved in another. No patient developed other deficits or deafferentation pain. The proximal trigeminal nerve and root entry zone, which is well defined on magnetic resonance imaging, is an appropriate anatomical target for radiosurgery. Radiosurgery using the gamma unit is an additional effective surgical approach for the management of medically or surgically refractory trigeminal neuralgia. A longer term follow up review is warranted.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for the treatment of radiation-induced sequelae in children: The University of Pennsylvania experience; BACKGROUND. The role of hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) therapy in the treatment of radiation-related sequelae in adults is well known. In contrast, its role in the management of radiation-related sequelae in children has not been well studied. In an effort to define its value better, the authors reviewed the University of Pennsylvania experience and hereby report the results of their analysis. METHODS. Between 1989 and 1994, ten patients who underwent radiation therapy for cancer as children were referred for HBO therapy. Six patients underwent HBO therapy as a prophylactic measure prior to maxillofacial procedures: dental extractions and/or root canals (four patients), bilateral coronoidectomies for mandibular ankylosis (one patient), and wound dehiscence (one patient). Therapeutic HBO was administered to four other patients: one patient for vasculitis resulting in acute seventh cranial nerve palsy and the other three after sequestrectomy for osteoradionecrosis (mastoid bone, temporal bone, and sacrum, respectively). Osteoradionecrosis was diagnosed both radiologically and histologically after exclusion of tumor recurrence. The number of treatments ranged between 9-40 'dives' (median, 30 dives). Treatments were given once daily at 2 atmosphere absolutes for 2 hours each. Adjunctive therapy in the form of debridement, antibiotics, and placement of tympanotomy tubes was administered to two patients. Ages at HBO treatment ranged from 3.5 to 26 years (median, 14 years). Six patients were male and four were female. The most commonly irradiated site was the head and neck region (eight patients; brain stem gliomas [one], posterior fossa primitive neuroectodermal tumor [one], rhabdomyosarcomas [three], nasopharyngeal cancer [on], carcinoma of the parotid gland [one], and Hodgkin's disease [one]). The remaining two patients received radiation therapy for pelvic tumors (Ewings's sarcoma and rhabdomyosarcoma). Radiation doses ranged between 4000 and 6660 centigray (cGy) (median, 5500 cGy). The interval between the end of radiation therapy and HBO treatment ranged between 2 months and 11 years (median, 1.5 years). The median follow-up interval after HBO therapy was 2.5 years (range, 2 months-4 years). RESULTS. Except for two patients who had initial anxiety, nausea, and vomiting, the HBO treatments were well tolerated. In all but one patient, the outcome was excellent. In the six patients who had prophylactic HBO, all continued to demonstrate complete healing of their orthodontal scars at last follow-up. In the four patients who received HBO as a therapeutic modality, all 4 had documented disappearance of signs and symptoms of radionecrosis and two patients demonstrated new bone growth on follow-up computed tomography scan. One patient with vasculitis and seventh cranial nerve palsy had transient improvement of hearing; however, subsequent audiograms returned to baseline. CONCLUSIONS. The use of hyperbaric oxygen for children with radiation- induced bone and soft tissue complications is safe and results in few significant adverse effects. It is a potentially valuable tool both in the prevention and treatment of radiation-related complications.
Delayed radiation-induced bulbar palsy; We report a man with a slowly progressive bulbar palsy 14 years after radiation therapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Electromyography demonstrated prominent myokymic and neuromyotonic discharges in muscles innervated by the lower cranial nerves. Late effects of radiation therapy can occur in the cranial nerve musculature that are similar to well-recognized syndromes affecting the brachial plexus and spinal cord.
Facial nerve paralysis in acute otomastoiditis as presenting symptom of FAB M2, T8;21 leukemic relapse. Case report and review of the literature; Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma) is a rare solid, extramedullary tumour composed of immature granulocytes, occurring during granulocytic leukemia. Leukemic involvement of the temporal bone is not uncommon and may present in a variety of ways. Symptomatic facial nerve paralysis is one of these. The authors report a case of facial nerve paralysis as the presenting symptom of leukemic relapse in a 16-year-old white male, affected by acute myelogenous leukemia FAB M2, karyotype 46xy, T8;21.
Bell's palsy: Diagnostic and therapeutical trial in childhood; Bell's palsy is caused by a nuclear and/or infranuclear lesion of the facial nerve, producing an ipsilateral deficit of the facial muscles. The etiology is unknown. Bell's palsy has a frequency of 20:100000 individuals/year, a familiarity of 1-2% of cases, and a recurrence rate of 9% of cases. We studied 33 children (mean age 9.1 years) adimtted to our Division during the period 1991-1994 because of Bell's palsy. We propose our personal diagnostic and therapeutical trial: in every patient a full neurological and otoscopic examination, and an audioimpedenzometric test. Treatment is then commenced with prednisone (1 mg/kg/day p.o. for 5-10 days and gradual reduction in 5 days), vitamins B1, B6 and B12 p.o. for 30 days, and local treatment with artificial tears, and occlusive bandage at nightime until the lagophthalmus is resolved. Electromiography-electroneurography, and brain CT-scan are carried out after 15 days and 21 days respectively of treatment, if neurological deficit is unchanged. 80 to 90% of patients are reported to recover spontaneously from Bell's palsy. With our approach we achieved a 100% recovery rate within an average of 3 weeks (range: 1 week to 5 months).
Painful bilateral lumbar radiculoplexopathy associated with Epstein-Barr virus infection; We report a case of polyneuropathy caused by primary Epstein Barr virus (EBV) infection in a 57-year-old patient. The primary EBV infection was confirmed by serology tests and EBNA (Epstein-Barr nuclear antigen) seroconversion. The main clinical sign was a highly painful subacute, bilateral lumbar radiculoplexopathy with amyotrophy which responded to corticosteroids and complement treatment within a few months. The association of left facial paralysis, neurophysiological signs of polyradiculopathy and elevated protein levels in the cerebrospinal fluid demonstrate the variability of peripheral neurological involvement in the same subject with EBV infection. This case also demonstrates the poorly limits of dysimmune polyneuropathies, including lumbar radiculoplexopathy which can be considered as an exceptional variant.
Update on facial nerve disorders; Many issues involving the diagnosis and treatment of facial nerve disorders continue to engender controversy and debate. This article examines the theory that Bell's palsy is a herpes simplex neuritis and proposes facial nerve decompression for recurrent palsies. The contemporary management of herpes zoster oticus, temporal bone fractures, otogenic facial paralysis, and hemifacial spasm is reviewed.
Rhinogenous optic neuropathy as the presenting sign in a case of ethmoidal malignant lymphoma; A 25 year old male presented with diplopia of one week's duration. Disc edema was found in the left eye. He was treated by antibiotics and corticosteroids. Transnasal ethmoidectomy was performed under suspicion of rhinogenous optic neuropathy. He then developed ipsilateral pupil disorder, restricted eye motility, lid ptosis, exophthalmus and facial palsy. Malignant lymphoma was detected by further endonasal ethmoidectomy. Chemotherapy and radiotherapy were futile. Paranasal lymphoma is a possibility in the differential diagnosis of rhinogenous optic neuropathy with multiple cranial nerve involvements.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and orofacial granulomatosis; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare disorder of unknown etiology characterized by a triad of recurrent orofacial swelling, relapsing facial paralysis, and fissured tongue. Exacerbations and recurrences are common. The orofacial swelling is characterized by fissured, reddish-brown, swollen, nonpruritic lips or firm edema of the face. The facial palsy is indistinguishable from Bell's palsy. The fissured tongue is seen in one third to one half of patients and, although the least common manifestation, its presence assists in diagnosis. The classic triad is not seen frequently in its complete form; therefore, diagnosis is difficult. This is particularly true because monosymptomatic and oligosymptomatic variants are seen more commonly. Cheilitis granulomatosa of Miescher is an example of a monosymptomatic variant of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The histologic findings of noncaseating, sarcoidal granulomas support the diagnosis. These granulomas are not invariably present, and their absence does not exclude the diagnosis of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Thus, the Melkersson- Rosenthal syndrome is a disease with elements of orofacial granulomatosis. Orofacial granulomatosis is a clinicopathologic entity describing oral lesions with noncaseating granulomas. The spectrum of this entity includes patients with oral Crohn's disease, patients with oral lesions who will develop typical bowel symptoms of Crohn's disease in the ensuing months to years, patients with tooth-associated infections, patients with sarcoidosis, and patients with food or contact allergies. The value of the clinicopathologic construct of orofacial granulomatosis is to provoke the careful search for provocative causes for the reactive symptom complex of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome.
Increased cerebrospinal fluid levels of glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAp) in Lyme neuroborreliosis; Glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAp), the main protein constituent of the intermediate filaments of astrocytes, was analysed in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of 20 patients with Lyme neuroborreliosis as a marker of the astroglial reaction. The mean GFAp level before antibiotic treatment in the study group was significantly elevated (592 pg/ml ±596 [SD]) compared to that in 24 healthy controls (121 ± 87 [SD]) (p < 0.01). The highest CSF-GFAp levels were seen in the patients with the most severe disease, but the levels were also increased in patients with peripheral paresis, such as facial palsy with no or only minor encephalitic symptoms. This implies that the infection was not limited to radix dorsalis or the meningeal tissues, but affected the central nervous system as well. Furthermore, the astroglial reaction seemed to occur early in Lyme neuroborreliosis since CSF-GFAp levels were elevated also in patients with recent (< 3 weeks) onset of disease. After antibiotic treatment, the GFAp levels decreased. It is suggested that CSF-GFAp concentrations might be useful for monitoring CNS involvement in Lyme neuroborreliosis.
A false traumatic giant aneurysm of the supraclinoid carotid artery. A case report and review of the literature; A patient presented with left hemiparesis and facial palsy developed 20 days after a traffic accident. A computerized tomography (CT) scan revealed right suprasellar mass lesion. A repeated CT scan revealed a growing mass. Carotid angiogram demonstrated a giant aneurysm of the supraclinoid internal carotid artery (ICA) with no distal filling. Formation of the aneurysm was thought to be due to an overstretching or torsion of the artery or tearing of the ICA by nearby prominent bony structure since no basal skull fracture was detected in the plain skull film or CT scans. The aneurysm was treated by intracranial trapping of the ICA. We present this patient's findings and review previously reported cases in the literature.
Effects of administration of high dose hydrocortisone on Bell's palsy; As an improved maintenance therapy for Bell's palsy, Stennert recently introduced large-dose steroid administration in the early stage of the disease with i.v. infusion of low-molecular dextran. The steroid administration aims at improving the microcirculation. This therapy achieved a 96% complete healing rate. However, because of side-effects such as hepatic and renal disorders or gastric ulcer, this therapy has not been widely used. In the present study, we investigated an improved treatment method based on Stennert's method. It has a much lower incidence of side effects, and can be used in routine clinical practice. The medicines employed in our therapy were hydrocortison sodium succinate (Solu-cortef®), hydroxymethylated starch (Hespander®) and D-mannitol (Manitol®). Subjects were 53 Bell's palsy patients for whom treatment could be started within 2 weeks from the onset of the disease. Curative rate in the patients who received large-dose administration of Solu-cortef was 96.2% in the 24th week, and the therapy was considered to be applicable in routine clinical practice for Bell's palsy.
Does Bell's ring any bells, or what's in a name?; How does one find the cause of an idiopathic disorder such as Bell's palsy? Why, by using the polymerase chain reaction, of course.
Early diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis presenting with facial nerve palsy.; Wegener's granulomatosis is a multi-system disease characterized by granuloma formation and a necrotizing vasculitis. It classically presents with involvement of the upper and lower respiratory and renal systems. However locoregional disease is common and may include otological manifestations. Facial nerve palsy has been reported during the course of the disease process but it is extremely rare for it to be the presenting feature. Previously reported cases have involved a protracted diagnostic process including exploratory tympanotomy, mastoidectomy and facial nerve decompression. We report a case of Wegener's granulomatosis which presented with a facial nerve palsy. An early diagnosis was achieved by measurement of the erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), followed by serological assay of cytoplasmic anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (cANCA). Histological examination of nasal mucosal biopsies confirmed granuloma formation consistent with a diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis. This allowed early treatment with immunosuppressive therapy and avoided unnecessary and potentially hazardous middle ear surgery.
Predictive value of facial nerve electrophysiologic stimulation thresholds in cerebellopontine-angle surgery; The predictive value of intraoperative stimulation thresholds for facial nerve function, using a constant-current system, was examined in 49 patients undergoing resection of cerebellopontine-angle tumors. Immediately after surgery, 75% of the 0.1-mA threshold group, 42% of the 0.2-mA group, and 18% of the 0.3.mA or greater group had good (grade I or II) facial nerve function. One year after surgery, 90% of the 0.1.mA group, 58% of the 0.2-mA group, and 41% of the 0.3-mA or greater group had grade I or II function. A statistically significant breakpoint of 0.2 mA was found to predict good postoperative facial function. Delayed facial paralysis occurred in 22% of patients, but the prognosis for these patients was favorable. Both current stimulation threshold and duration are necessary for a meaningful comparison of data between investigators.
Stereotactic radiotherapy of acoustic neuromas. Preliminary experience in Lyon; Stereotactic radiotherapy (RSM) was initiated in Lyon in October 1989. The technique was adapted from the one described by Lutz and Saunders in Boston (BRW stereotactic frame). Irradiation is delivered with 18 MV photons produced by a linac (Saturne 20). From February 1990 to December 1992, eight patients with acoustic neuroma, were treated by RSM. All of them were referred to RSM because they refused surgery or it was contra-indicated. The age ranged from 31 to 72 years (mean 52 years) and tumour size from 12 to 50 mm (mean 23 mm). Fifteen to twenty Grays were delivered on the 70% isodose line with 12.5 to 30 mm collimators. Mean follow-up was fourteen months (2 to 36 months) and one patient died from intercurrent disease two months after treatment. Symptoms (tinnitus and vertigo) resolved in two patients, were reduced in three patients and stabilised in one. Radiological controls (CT scan and/or MRI) showed a stabilisation of the tumour size in six patients with central hypodensity in two and an increased tumour size in one patient. Two patients underwent surgery three and twelve months after RSM because of tumour progression or clinical deterioration. Three patients were deaf before treatment. Hearing stabilised in two patients and three patients with rapidly progressive hearing loss before RSM became deaf in a few days after treatment. One patient developed a facial palsy which cleared almost completely in six months.
Recovery of congenital facial palsy in patients with hemifacial microsomia subjected to sural to facial nerve grafts is enhanced by electric field stimulation; The effect of electric field stimulation for promoting axonal growth between sural to facial nerve grafts in cases of congenital permanent facial palsy associated with hemifacial microsomia was studied. For this purpose, a total of 17 patients with unilateral congenital permanent facial palsy associated with hemifacial microsomia were studied pre- and post-operatively. A sural to facial nerve graft was performed in all cases and long term postoperative electric field stimulation was randomly applied to half of the patients. Although improvement occurred in both groups, the results indicated that clinical and electrophysiological recovery was significantly better in patients receiving post-operative electric field stimulation. The results, therefore, suggest that electric stimulation of the grafted area induces improvements of facial palsy over and above those observed in the non-stimulated patients.
Conversion disorder after maxillofacial trauma and surgery.; Three cases of conversion disorder are reported: one after orthognathic surgery and two after facial trauma. Two of the cases involved facial anesthesia and one case involved facial palsy. It was thought to be important to bring this phenomenon to the attention of oral and maxillofacial surgeons, to consider its management, and to define the patients with a high risk of developing conversion disorder. The prognosis is dependent on the circumstances of the onset of the disorder, the premorbid psychologic health of the patient, and how rapidly treatment is prescribed.
Cross-facial nerve grafting for facial reanimation: Effect on normal hemiface motion; Reinnervation of the paralyzed hemiface with a cross-facial nerve graft (CFNG) requires division of facial nerve branches on the normal hemiface to serve as axon donors. There is therefore concern about whether any impairment of normal hemiface motion occurs in the postoperative period. To minimize the likelihood of donor side impairment, donor branches are chosen from the bucco-zygomatic region which has extensive cross branching as opposed to the single temporal or marginal mandibular branches. This study chose to determine quantitatively if this practice does, in fact, adversely affect the normal side hemiface motion governed by these branches, viz., eye closure, pucker, and smile. Since surgical procedures near the facial nerve (such as superficial parotidectomy) may leave the patient with transient facial weakness even in the absence of nerve transection, the hypothesis was that hemiface motion would be impaired on the donor side during the early postoperative period (first month) secondary to edema and/or neuropraxia. However, based on the clinical observation that donor-side facial motion is not demonstrably impaired late after surgery, a further hypothesis was that any early facial motion impairment would return to normal by 3 months postoperatively. Seven patients underwent sural CFNG as a primary or secondary component of their facial animation procedure. Their facial motion was quantified preoperatively and in serial postoperative examinations using the Maximal Static Response Assay (MSRA) of facial motion. Careful selection of redundant bucco-zygomatic branches of the facial nerve on the normal side for CFNG did not ultimately (≥ 3 months postoperative) impair the important motions of eye closure smile or pucker. Early postoperative (≤ 1 month) weakness of the smile was seen on both X and Y axes, indicating that both the risorius and zygomatic muscles were transiently weakened. The ability to elevate the lower eyelid was unaffected at any postoperative time point. Movement of the normal hemiface did not appear to be permanently affected by CFNG when a careful choice of redundant bucco-zygomatic donor branches was made.
Cerebellopontine angle epidermoids: Results of surgical treatment; Epidermoids, or congenital cholesteatomas, constitute about 0.2% to 1.5% of intracranial tumors, and 3% to 5% of tumors of the cerebellopontine angle (CPA). We review the surgical management of CPA epidermoids in 13 patients at the House Ear Clinic for the years 1978 to 1993. There were seven male and six female patients, ranging In age from 27 to 59 years (average, 40 years). Tumors ranged in size from 3.5 cm to 7.0 cm, and the surgical approach was tailored to the tumor extent and location. All patients complained at presentation of unilateral hearing loss, and nine had poor speech discrimination (less than 50%) preoperatively. Serviceable hearing was preserved in two patients. Two patients presented with facial nerve symptoms, and four cases had postoperative permanent facial nerve paralysis (House-Brackmann Grade V or VI). There were no surgical deaths. Four patients required second surgeries to remove residual cholesteatoma. Compared with prior series, we describe a higher rate of total tumor removed, as well as a higher rate of second operations, indicating a more aggressive approach to these lesions.
Complications of the gamma knife; Radiosurgery, originally described by Leksell in 1951, describes the method of focusing multiple beams of radiation on an intracranial target. Many methods can be used to deliver the radiation, regardless of its source. Leksell developed the method of using multiple fixed cobalt sources for radiation. This system was called a 'gamma knife,' although no incision is made. The gamma knife represents one of many methods to use stereotactically focused radiation to 'treat' an intracranial target.
Quantitative assessment of the variation within grades of facial paralysis; A completely objective, unambiguous outcome measure of facial function is now available. A new automated computer-assisted clinimetric system combines the crucial detection capabilities of the human observer and the unique capacity of the computer to quantify the image light reflectance difference observed during facial expression. The new system was applied to 27 patients with a variety of diseases affecting the facial nerve. All subjects could be individually and objectively ranked, and disease-specific profiles could be constructed. These tasks are not possible with the House-Brackmann scale, because of the wide variation within grades and the ambiguity between grades. With the automated objective, unambiguous outcome measure, it may be possible to define individual case progression, recovery, and outcome over the course of disease.
Kinematic analysis of eyelid movements in patients recovering from unilateral facial nerve palsy; We assessed eyelid function by subjective clinical examination and quantitative means in patients recovering from facial nerve palsy. Electromagnetic search coil techniques were used to record the concurrent movements of the two eyelids to study alterations in blink main sequence (peak velocity versus amplitude) relationships and interocular differences in eyelid kinematics. After onset of unilateral palsy, the paresis of eyelid closure showed varying degrees of recovery. Adaptive increases in blink main sequence slope contributed to maximizing closure of the paretic eyelid. However, blink adaptation mechanisms must operate bilaterally, as there also was evidence of altered main sequence slope in the nonparetic eyelid. In general, main sequence slope was inversely related to the level of eyelid paresis. The highest indices of blink adaptation were in those patients with moderate paresis, and main sequence slope was decreased in those patients with increasing degrees of recovery. The assessment of eyelid function with search coil techniques provides a sensitive means of monitoring disease and treatment course. Data also aid understanding of adaptive gain control in the neural control of blink in health and disease.
Botulinum toxin treatment in the facial muscles of humans: Evidence of an action in untreated near muscles by peripheral local diffusion; In a population of subjects with blepharospasm and facial hemispasm treated for the first time with botulinum toxin type A (BT) in the orbicularis oculi muscle, we performed an electrophysiologic study (compound muscle action potential and motor evoked potential) to assess whether BT effect could be detected in near untreated muscles (orbicularis oris and masseter). There was a significant BT action in nearly untreated muscles with different peripheral innervation that can be explained by local diffusion of the drug.
Epithelial cyst in the cerebellopontine angle - Case report; A 63-year-old male presented with a rare epithelial cyst in the left cerebellopontine angle manifesting as left facial nerve paresis and left cerebellar signs. Computed tomography revealed a well-defined cystic mass of homogeneous low density with no enhancement. Magnetic resonance imaging also demonstrated a cystic mass appearing as low intensity on T1-weighted images and high intensity on T2-weighted images. The cyst content was clear fluid. The cyst wall consisted of nonciliated, columnar epithelial cells, showing a pseudostratified arrangement in focal areas. Positive staining by periodic acid-Schiff, Alcian blue, and carcinoembryonic antigen suggested that the cyst was an enterogenous cyst of endodermal origin. Cysts in this location often cause cranial nerve impairment, but the symptoms are usually resolved by surgical treatment.
Traumatic pseudoaneurysm of the superficial temporal artery associated with facial nerve palsy; Aneurysms of the superficial temporal artery as a result of trauma occur rarely. These pseudoaneurysms tend to present 2 to 6 weeks following initial injury with a painless swelling which may be associated with a headache, ear discomfort or other vague symptoms. Neurological complications are very rare. A thorough history and physical examination are essential. Investigations such as duplex scanning, angiography or CT scanning may be helpful in difficult cases. The most common treatment is surgical. Embolization may prove to be an alternative to surgery in some cases. We review a rare case of superficial temporal artery aneurysm associated with a facial nerve palsy which was treated surgically. A thorough review of the literature is presented.
Clinical polymorphism of cystinosis encephalopathy. Results of treatment with cysteamine; Of the 26 cystinotic patients over 19 years of age followed in our institution, 7 developed CNS complications at a mean age of 23 years. Two forms were observed. The first, associating cerebellar and pyramidal signs, mental deterioration and finally pseudo-bulbar palsy, may be called cystinosis encephalopathy. The other form resembled a stroke-like episode with coma and hemiplegia or milder symptoms. Hydrocephalus was rare and not associated with clinical symptoms in this series. Cysteamine was administered for longer than 6 months to 4 of the patients with encephalopathy. Two had an almost complete disappearance of their symptoms including the gross abnormalities of MR imaging in one; one improved partially and remained stable, and one continued to deteriorate but was suspected of noncompliance. These results suggest that cysteamine may be an effective treatment of cystinosis encephalopathy and encourage prescription of this drug in cystinosis in order to prevent this complication.
Metastatic hypopharyngeal carcinoma to the temporal bone; Two cases of temporal bone metastasis by hypopharyngeal carcinomas are reported. One patient was a 43-year-old Japanese male who developed palsy of left oculomotor, trochlear, trigeminal, abducens and facial nerves. Carcinoma infiltrated the petrous portion of the left temporal bone. Tumor had destroyed a part of the facial canal and invading tumor cells were in contact with the perineurium. The other patient was a 59-year-old male who had no obvious facial nerve or otologic symptoms during the clinical course of his disease. Postmortem findings showed that carcinoma had invaded the right temporal bone and had produced extensive destruction of the facial canal. Degenerative findings were evident in the nerve. In the cases presented here, tumor resulted either from metastatic lymph nodes or had invaded through the suture of the temporal and sphenoid bones around the foramen lacerum to the middle cranial fossa and then infiltrated the temporal bone.
Bell's palsy-associated blepharospasm relieved by aiding eyelid closure; The efficacy of the blink reflex is maintained by adaptive control mechanisms. We describe a 39-year-old woman with the rare complication of blepharospasm-like symptoms appearing contralateral to an eyelid weakened by facial nerve palsy. The hyperexcitable blink reflex may be a maladaptive consequence of adaptive systems but was not accompanied by an expected increase in main sequence slope. Eyelid spasms were eliminated by the implantation of a gold weight to assist closure of the paretic eyelid. We suggest that aiding closure of the weak eyelid in this case caused a reduction in blink system excitability via the same compensatory mechanisms that initially produced the eyelid spasm. Data also suggest that blink- adaptive systems act via changes in reflex excitability and/or main sequence relationships, and that these may be regulated either synergistically or independent of one another.
Treatment of facial synkinesis and facial asymmetry with botulinum toxin type A following facial nerve palsy; Facial synkinesis and asymmetry commonly impair the outcome of facial nerve palsy. Botulinum toxin type A is a neurotoxin which prevents acetylcholine release at the neuromuscular endplate, paralysing skeletal muscle. This paper examines its use in 24 patients with synkinesis and asymmetry affecting the eye and mouth. Sixty-eight of 72 treatments produced improved cosmesis. Dose-related complications occurred in 26 treatments but were generally mild and transient. The total dosages of toxin used were analysed. The higher dose group compared with the lower dose group had no significant advantage in overall cosmetic improvement but the complication rate was significantly higher in the higher dose group (20/39) compared with the lower dose group (6/33) (χ2 6.675, P > 0.05).
Evolution of different therapeutic strategies in the treatment of cranial dural arteriovenous fistulas - Report of 30 cases; 30 cases of cranial dural arteriovenous fistulas, treated between 1983 and 1992, are reported. Twelve presented with an aggressive clinical couse including intracranial haemorrhage, progredient neurological deficit, medically intractable seizures, and cerebellar symptoms. The other 18 patients had a more benign clinical presentation with audible bruit, exophthalmus, chemosis, and cranial nerve dysfunction. One of the latter had symptoms of pseudotumour cerebri due to sinus occlusion with contralateral sinus stenosis. The most common location was at the transverse sinus, followed by the cavernous sinus, the tentorial ring, and the orbita. Four vessel angiography verified the diagnosis and demonstrated all fistulas, mainly supplied by branches of the external carotid artery. 16 of 18 benign lesions were treated by endovascular therapy alone. Two recent patients received adjuvant stereotactic radiosurgery. Among these 18 patients 2 remained untreated, one because of spontaneous fistula thrombosis prior to therapy and one because of poor medical condition. 12 of 16 treated benign dural fistulas were partially occluded in 6 of them spontaneous fistula thrombosis occurred during the following months. Total endovascular obliteration was achieved in the remaining 4 patients. 7 of 12 aggressive fistulas were embolized only, one of them having additional radiosurgery. Two of them were totally obliterated and five partially. Surgery was performed in the remaining 5 aggressive fistulas. Complete microsurgical excision was achieved in 2 and partial in further two, who presented initially with a life threatening intracerebral clot. In one early case ligation of the external carotid artery was done, which is now obsolete. Over all 20 of 28 treated patients became asymptomatic or improved clinically. 3 of the remaining 8 patients were unchanged, two deteriorated despite therapy, and 3 worsened after therapy. All of the latter complications occurred early in our series due to thomboembolic events during the procedure. One surgical patient suffered from a new facial nerve palsy postoperatively. Follow up time in all treated patients was between 1 and 139 months with a mean of 48,3 months.
Neural manifestations in Lyme disease (Lyme borreliosis of the nervous system); The involvement of the nervous system is common during Lyme's disease, and the term neuroborreliosis has been established. All structures of the nervous system, from meninges to periferial nerves, can be involved. Neurological manifestations are most common in the second stage (dissemination). The article deals with the most important neurological manifestations, as well as with the contemporary pathogenetic considerations and therapy. Eleven patients with neuroborreliosis who were treated at Dr. Kosta Todorovitsh Institute of Infectious and Tropical Diseases, are reviewed. Five of them had acute meningoencephalitis, of whom two had concurrent neuritis; one patient had Banawart's syndrome with arthralgias, arthritis and fatigue syndrome; two patients had neuritis; one had bilateral facial palsy; two had chronic fatigue syndrome.
Pediatric plastic surgery; Pediatric plastic surgery has seen widespread advances during the past decade. These have been primarily in the biologic understanding of certain disease processes as well as in diagnostic and therapeutic technologies. These advances have contributed to a potential new array of treatment options for congenital deformities and traumatic injuries. This review identifies several of the most significant new trends and treatment concepts in pediatric plastic surgery from anesthesia to wound healing.
Simultaneous bilateral facial palsy in pregnancy; The risk of facial palsy for pregnant women is higher than for nonpregnant women. Most cases occur in the third trimester and the immediate postpartum period. Unilateral facial palsy is a commonly seen mononeuropathy. Bilateral facial palsy, however, is rare and is most often a sign of a systemic disease. The authors present the case of a pregnant woman who was first seen with left-sided facial paralysis. The paralysis then spread to the right side, resolved quickly after delivery, but appeared again on the right side 6 months later. The authors warn that bilateral facial palsy seen in pregnancy may be a sign of serious underlying disease. Differential diagnosis, possible etiologies, treatment, and prognosis are discussed.
Complications of pediatric cochlear implantation; Cochlear implantation has been established as a method of auditory rehabilitation for selected deaf children. However, as with any surgical procedure, complications can occur and may be particularly devastating in children. In this retrospective study, complications encountered in 100 consecutive cochlear implant surgeries in children were analyzed. Surgical problems were limited to one case of delayed, transient facial paresis and one cerebrospinal fluid gusher. These findings demonstrate that cochlear implantation can be performed safely with careful preoperative planning and meticulous surgical technique.
Use of lag screws for the management of mandibular trauma.; OBJECTIVE: To test the effectiveness of lag screw fixation in their application in the treatment of mandibular fractures. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Sixty-nine mandibular fractures in 30 patients treated with lag screws were evaluated retrospectively regarding the cause, the type, and the site of fracture as well as the local situation and the complications encountered. RESULTS: In 19 fractures a neutralization plate was used and in another 17 the lag screw was applied in combination with a compression plate. In 33 cases at least 3 lag screws were inserted. Seventy-five percent of the cases were in patients between 10 and 39 years old; 70% were the result of road traffic accidents. Most patients presented two mandibular fractures; the symphyseal area were most frequently affected. Teeth in the line of fracture were not removed, and no drains were used. Complications included two minor malocclusions, one delayed union, two cases of temporary paresis, two cases of transient hypesthesia, two cases of scar formation on the incision line, and a case of temporary trismus. CONCLUSIONS: Approximately 30% of the patients treated with lag screws according to the methods outlined in this study developed complications that were either minor, transient, or both; some were related to the approach rather than the method. The most frequent complications were minor malocclusions, transient facial paralysis, hypoesthesia, and scar formation.
Treating the oral sequelae of an acoustic neuroma.; This article describes the treatment of oral complications that arose after surgery for the removal of an acoustic brain tumor. The authors contend that a thorough oral examination can pinpoint the cranial nerves that have been affected by the tumor or the surgery, and that dental appliances can offer special protection after surgery.
Management of ocular emergencies and urgent eye problems; Evaluation of the patient with an acute eye problem begins with documentation of the level of vision in each eye, except in the case of a splash injury. In such cases, immediate copious irrigation is of critical importance. Subconjunctival hemorrhage is common and, typically, completely benign. Herpes simplex infection is painful and can lead to extensive damage. Herpes zoster infection is usually accompanied by skin lesions and can be effectively treated with oral acyclovir or famcyclovir. In patients with Bell's palsy, the eye must be carefully protected to prevent secondary injury. Corneal abrasions heal rapidly when antibiotics and patch protection are provided. Acute infections of the eyelids and conjunctivae usually respond well to topical antibiotics and warm compresses. Traumatic injuries require careful evaluation and, frequently, referral to an ophthalmologist.
Investigation of infiltrating lymphocytes and immunoglobulin by immunohistochemical method in cheilitis granulomatosa; Category and distribution of infiltrating lymphocytes and immunoglobulin in 12 cases with cheilitis granulomatosa (CG) and 4 cases with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) were investigated. The result was that infiltration of lymphocytes in granulomatous type was more severe than that in interstitial inflammtion type. Infiltrators mainly consisted of T helper lymphocytes and immunoglobulin was IgM. It was considered that local immunoreaction was enhanced suggesting that cyto-immunity was a dominant factor with participation of humoral immunity. The result will be helpful to elucidate the pathogeneses and the function of many immuno-factors in the CG. It helps to understand the clinical manifestations and may be a theoretic reference for seeking immuno-modulation for treatment.
Acute otitis media and facial paralysis in children; We reviewed 10 children who presented with facial paralysis after the onset of acute otitis media. The objective of the study was to examine the outcome of facial paralysis in children with acute otitis media treated without facial nerve decompression. Two groups were identified: 8 patients with incomplete paralysis and 2 with complete paralysis. Seven of the 8 patients with incomplete paralysis had rapid return of function after myringotomy and intravenous antibiotics. The eighth patient had delayed recovery requiting 9 months before complete return of function. The 2 patients with complete paralysis required mastoidectomy to control otorrhea and fever after initial myringotomy and antibiotics. Both patients had a prolonged recovery requiting 3 and 7 months for complete recovery. Patients with incomplete paralysis generally show rapid improvement following wide myringotomy and antibiotic treatment. A more protracted recovery may be expected in patients with complete paralysis; excellent return of function is expected when mastoidectomy without facial nerve decompression is employed.
Acute suppurative parotitis and facial paralysis; A case of facial nerve paralysis secondary to acute suppurative parotitis is described. This is a rare complication in the absence of malignant processes in the parotid.
Extratemporal facial nerve paralysis after blunt trauma; Presented are two patients in whom facial palsy developed after blunt trauma to the side of the face. Both patients made a complete and uneventful recovery. The etiology of a facial nerve lesion can be established through knowledge of the possible sites of injury to the facial nerve, good history taking and physical examination, together with appropriate tests. The prognosis of an injury secondary to blunt trauma is generally good.
Facial nerve palsy as an early manifestation of relapse in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia; We describe a 14-year-old girl with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) who developed peripheral type facial palsy alternately on each side during remission. The cerebrospinal fluid examination and imaging studies of the brain including the temporal area failed to identify the etiology. Fully 10 weeks after the onset of the facial nerve palsy, she showed cytological findings of meningeal and bone marrow relapse. Review of the literature revealed that an isolated facial nerve palsy due to leukemic cell infiltration is a rare occurrence. Nonetheless one needs to keep in mind that it may represent the initial sign of u relapse in a patient with leukemia, particularly with T-cell ALL.
Facial nerve angioma; Angioma of the facial nerve is a rare benign tumor. Symptoms include progressive or sudden facial paralysis and, often, a facial twitch. Although angiomas have unique features, diagnosis and treatment is similar to that for facial nerve neuroma. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) with gadolinium infusion and thin-section Computed Tomography (CT) can often identify the lesion. Treatment by total excision and facial nerve grafting can provide a permanent cure with good restoration of facial function. Four cases are discussed.
Craniometaphyseal and craniodiaphyseal dysplasia, head and neck manifestations and management; Craniometaphyseal and craniodiaphyseal dysplasia are rare genetic disorders of bone due to modelling errors of long bones and skull bones. These syndromes present with multiple ENT symptomatology from an early age. The diagnostic distinction can now be made radiologically by serial skeletal survey which is important for prognosis. We review the clinical, radiological, computed tomography (CT) scan, otological, audiological and histopathological findings in two cases with craniodiaphyseal, and two cases with craniometaphyseal dysplasia, and report our experiences of medical and surgical treatment to date. In the craniodiaphyseal dysplasia, the hearing abnormality progressed from an initial conductive to a mixed loss on serial audiometric follow up. Temporal bone CT scans showed narrowing of the middle ear cavity, internal auditory meatus, and facial nerve canal at the geniculate ganglion. Benefits from choanal stenosis surgery, craniofacial remodelling and dacrocystorhinostomy were shortlived. Calcitriol therapy with a low calcium diet did not alter the clinical course of progression in our cases. The underlying defect, causing net bone formation in these phenotypically similar syndromes, appears to be different when based on the differing biochemical responses to calcitriol and bone biopsy findings. Increased numbers of osteoblasts were found in bone biopsies from both cases with craniodiaphyseal dysplasia. Early recognition is crucial in these conditions as therapy directed at the underlying bony defect has the best chance of success if initiated in infancy.
Complications of chronic otitis media; In summary, recent literature indicates that the complications of chronic otitis media have been decreasing. However, even with the advent of modern and more powerful antimicrobials and aggressive surgical eradication of disease, the morbidity and mortality are still high. Some complications may initially be quite obvious and some complications may be quite subtle. Therefore, the most important tools in making early diagnosis are careful history and physical examination, and a high index of suspicion for impending complications.
Bell's palsy treatment with acyclovir and prednisone compared with prednisone alone: A double-blind, randomized, controlled trial; In a double-blind study, we compared the final outcome of 99 Bell's palsy patients treated with either acyclovir-prednisone (53 patients) or placebo- prednisone (46 patients). For patients receiving acyclovir, the dosage was 2,000 mg (400 mg 5 times daily) for 10 days. Electrical tests included electroneurography and the maximal stimulation test. Univariate comparisons of outcome and electrical tests between the two groups were made with χ2 analysis, Fisher's exact test, and t-tests. The outcome in acyclovir- prednisone-treated patients was superior to that in placebo-prednisone- treated patients. Treatment with acyclovir-prednisone was statistically more effective in returning volitional muscle motion (recovery profile of 10; p = .02) and in preventing partial nerve degeneration (p = .05) than placebo- prednisone treatment. The t-tests indicated that the recovery profile and index means were significantly better for the acyclovir-treated group (recovery profile t = 1.99, p = .051; recovery index t = 2.10, p = .040). We conclude that acyclovir-prednisone is superior to prednisone alone in treating Bell's palsy patients and suggest that herpes simplex is the probable cause of Bell's palsy.
Nutrition, dysphagia, and general medical considerations; Individuals with paralytic or restrictive pulmonary syndromes usually require particular attention to more than one bodily system. Patients with myopathies often have complicating cardiomyopathies and smooth muscle involvement. Bulbar muscle dysfunction can result in pulmonary complications, impaired communication, and malnutrition, which can exacerbate respiratory dysfunction by itself. Because the survival of patients with functional bulbar musculature can be prolonged greatly without resorting to tracheostomy by using physical medicine respiratory muscle aids, complications not associated directly with the primary pathology increasingly need to be addressed.
Cross-face facial nerve anastomosis: Historical notes; The anastomosis between the two facial nerves for the treatment of facial paralysis, in which the proximal stump of the severed facial nerve is not accessible, was utilized in eleven patients. The palsy was secondary to resection of an acoustic tumor in nine patients, sarcoma of the petrous bone was the cause in one and an automobile accident in the other. The original concept of anastomosing a branch of the normal pes anserinus to the trunk of the paralyzed facial nerve, as first presented by the author at the Second International Symposium on Facial Nerve Surgery held in Japan in September, 1970, has been modified. The technique of anastomosing the cervicofacial division of the normal facial nerve, and directing it to the temporo-facial division of the paralyzed facial nerve via a sural autograft 20-22 cm long, was combined with the utilization of the ipsilateral descendens cervicalis (hypoglossi). This nerve was anastomosed to the cervicofacial division of the paralyzed facial nerve and utilized in four patients. The technique is illustrated in detail.
A survey of facial paralysis: Etiology and incidence; Facial paralysis has numerous etiologies ranging from the most common, Bell's palsy and trauma, to rare tumors and congenital anomalies. This paper divides the etiologies of facial paralysis into five major classifications: idiopathic, traumatic, infectious, neoplastic and neurologic. The incidence of each of these classifications has been estimated from incidence rate information published in the United States and abroad. Using this information, an estimate of the incidence rate has been determined. This information was previously untabulated, thus making statistical analysis nearly impossible regarding this disorder.
Total facial nerve decompression: Technique to avoid complications; Exposure of the facial nerve from the brainstem to the parotid can be accomplished without injury to the nerve, tympanic membrane, external auditory canal, ossicular chain, inner ear or structures within the cerebello-pontine angle. The procedure has reliably provided good results for patients who have had the proper indications with facial paralysis from Bell's palsy, herpes zoster oticus, infection, hemi-facial spasm, temporal bone fracture and tumors. The current technique for exposure through the mastoid, middle cranial fossa and retrolabyrinthine combined approaches are described. This technique, properly performed, is a valuable treatment for facial nerve lesions.
Clinical applications of self-monitoring by experienced and novice pediatric physical therapists; Scholars in a variety of disciplines propose that self-monitoring is a key characteristic of sound decision making. In this study we explore and illustrate how three experienced and three novice pediatric physical therapists monitor their practice. These clinicians were videotaped during 48 hourly sessions with 18 children who were diagnosed with diplegic cerebral palsy. Then, videotapes were used to elicit retrospective think-aloud dialogues that were transcribed, coded, and analyzed to: 1) assess the frequency and clinical characteristics of self-monitoring, 2) calculate the percentage of positive verbalizations, and 3) determine if therapists verbalize an advanced form of self-monitoring called dialectical processing. Treatment videotapes of the experienced clinicians were analyzed further to highlight and illustrate how they monitor themselves during treatment. Findings revealed that experienced and novice clinicians verbalize self- monitoring about every three minutes. Experienced clinicians were positive in verbalizing self-monitoring 81% of the time, whereas, novices were positive 36% of the time. Self-monitoring was verbalized in conjunction with other characteristics of decision making by experienced clinicians a mean of 84% of the time and by novices 57% of the time. Examples of transcribed data suggest some clinicians used dialectical processing. Findings suggest self- monitoring is an important and pivotal characteristic of clinical decision making and appears to be used by clinicians to develop, enhance, and refine their repertoires of treatment procedures.
Is there a difference? A prospective study comparing lateral and standard SMAS face lifts with extended SMAS and composite rhytidectomies; Presented is a prospective study comparing limited SMAS (lateral SMASectomy), conventional SMAS, extended SMAS, and composite rhytidectomies. Randomized patients received either a limited SMAS or conventional SMAS face lift on one side and an extended SMAS or composite rhytidectomy on the other. All procedures were performed at Manhattan Eye, Ear and Throat Hospital in accordance with their well-defined surgical descriptions. Postoperative courses were followed clinically for at least 1 year. Photographs were taken preoperatively and at 6 and 12 months postoperatively. Photographs were reviewed by three independent experienced face lift surgeons. The study comprises 21 patients, 20 women and 1 man, with a mean age of 59 years (range 47 to 70 years). Nineteen patients underwent primary rhytidectomies; two underwent secondary face lifts. For the first 12 patients, each had an extended SMAS procedure performed on one side; on the other, 7 had a conventional SMAS and 5 had a limited SMAS (lateral SMASectomy) face lift. In the last 9 patients, a conventional SMAS was carried out on one side in 8, a limited SMAS in 1, and on the opposite side, a composite rhytidectomy was performed. Complications were few. Temporary weakness of the buccal branch of the facial nerve occurred in 2 patients on the side of the more extensive surgery. On the operating table at completion of the surgery, there was more improvement in reversal of midfacial ptosis and flattening of the nasolabial folds with both extended SMAS and composite rhytidectomies. The composite flap had the most dramatic effect on the nasolabial folds and oral commissure. After 24 hours, once swelling developed and facial motion became reactivated, the noticeable differences in the midface and nasolabial folds were lost. No discernible differences in facial halves were noted again. Differences between facial sides on the 6- and 12-month postoperative photographs were not detectable. We conclude that for routine facial plasty, comparable clinical outcomes are obtained at 6 months and 1 year with limited (lateral SMASectomy) and conventional SMAS face lifts compared with extended SMAS and composite rhytidectomies. All procedures are lacking in their improvement of midface ptosis and the nasolabial folds. The increased surgical risks, morbidity, and convalescence associated with those more extensive procedures do not seem to be warranted in the average patient.
The facial disability index: Reliability and validity of a disability assessment instrument for disorders of the facial neuromuscular system; Background and Purpose. Disorders of the facial neuromuscular system can result in marked disfigurement of the face and difficulties in activities of daily living such as eating, drinking, and communicating. No systematic means of measuring the disability associated with facial nerve disorders exists. The purpose of this investigation was to examine the reliability and construct validity of the Facial Disability Index (FDI), a disease-specific, self-report instrument for the assessment of disabilities of patients with facial nerve disorder. Subjects and Methods. The FDI was administered to 46 ambulatory patients of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center's Facial Nerve Center. The relationship of the FDI subscales and total scores with clinical impairment measures was determined, and a comparison of the use of the FDI and subscales of the more general SF-36 was made. Results. The FDI subscales produced reliable scores (theta reliability: physical function=.88; social/well-being function=.83). Construct validity of the FDI physical function subscale was demonstrated by a correlation with the clinician's physical examination of facial movement. The FDI social/well-being subscale was associated with the FDI physical function subscale and with a clinical assessment of psychosocial status within a subset of the sample (n=14). The FDI represented the relationship between impairments, disability, and psychosocial status better than the generic SF-36 did. Conclusion and Discussion. The FDI subscales produce reliable measurements, with construct validity for measuring patient-focused disability of individuals with disorders of the facial motor system.
Home mechanical ventilation in children: Techniques, outcomes and ethics; Various neuromuscular and pulmonary disorders can cause ventilatory failure in children. Tracheostomy ventilation in the home is especially valuable in younger children who require ventilatory support for most of the day and who have bulbar dysfunction but newer noninvasive techniques especially nasal mask ventilation are often preferable. It is important to select the type of ventilator and to choose the interface with the patient carefully in order to maximise the child's quality of life.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Petrous Carotid Aneurysms; Aneurysms arising from the petrous segment of the internal carotid artery are rare and the majority of reports are based on evaluations with x-ray catheter angiography (XRA) and computed tomography (CT). Due to the paucity of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) information, the author describes 2 patients with petrous carotid aneurysms evaluated with MRI and magnetic resonance angiography (MRA). Compared to XRA and CT, MRI and MRA are less invasive and provide more information regarding the aneurysm, including the size, shape, and site; the absence or presence and extent of hemorrhage, thrombus, and bony erosion; patency of the vessel; neck; and the extent of perianeurysmal compromise of vessels, cranial nerves, and parenchyma.
Subdural Empyema in a 12-Year-Old Girl: The Value of Magnetic Resonance Imaging; A 12-year-old girl presented with an acute history of fever, headaches, and focal neurological deficits. An initial computed tomography (CT) scan of the head was nondiagnostic whereas plain and gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) detected an extensive subdural empyema. The report emphasizes the hazard of relying on a nondiagnostic CT scan in a septic patient with deteriorating neurological function, and the need of MRI with contrast enhancement if subdural empyema is a serious clinical concern.
Early management of the paralyzed upper eyelid using a gold implant.; One main goal in the management of a peripheral facial paralysis is to provide the patient with adequate protection to the cornea in order to avoid keratitis. Medical treatment, (ophthalmic drops, ointments, taping, etc.), often fails and surgery has to be considered. The various methods hitherto described, e.g. tarsorraphy, plastic strips, magnetic implants and wire springs, are associated with drawbacks such as infection, poor cosmetic outcome or need for a revision procedure. Between 1990 and 1992, 12 patients, suffering from an upper eyelid paralysis, as a consequence of a peripheral impairment of the homolateral facial nerve function, were operated on in our Department with the implant of a gold weight within the upper eyelid itself. This procedure yielded, in all cases, an excellent lid closure, corneal protection as well as a good cosmesis. The surgical technique is simple, if performed under local anesthesia, and the patient leaves the hospital on the same day of surgery. Should the natural eye function return, the implant can be easily removed.
Palliative treatment of facial paralysis; Facial nerve palsy disrupts both the static and dynamic equilibrium of the half-face involved. The imbalance worsens with age and senility further aggravates the situation. Palliative surgery can be used in complete intractable facial palsy or rarement for partial palsies or as a temporary treatment. The operation is proposed mostly for elderly patients and does not create other malformations or dysfunctions. Simple and effective reduction, cervicofacial lifting and plicature of the skin muscles is used with ocular protection (passive eyelid circle, lateral de-epidermalized skin flap, blepharorraphia) with or without use of locoregional tissues (orbito-naso-genial and labiogenial flaps) are usually sufficient.
Lag-screw osteosynthesis of mandibular condyle fractures: A clinical and radiological study; Purpose: This study evaluates the clinical and radiologic results after open reduction and lag-screw osteosynthesis of fractured mandibular condyles. Materials and Methods: Eleven adult patients underwent surgery for displaced or dislocated mandibular condyle fractures via a submandibular approach. The repositioned fragments were fixed using lag screws designed by Krenkel or Eckelt. Maxillomandibular fixation was used postoperatively for 2.6 weeks on average (range, 1 to 4 weeks) in nine patients. Results: Slight transient weakness of the mandibular branch of the facial nerve occurred in three cases. Occlusal adjustment was needed in another three cases. Radiologically, the fracture line disappeared at 22.5 weeks on average (range, 8 to 38 weeks). Three screws had to be removed because of loosening. There were signs that the screws had migrated caudally from their original position in seven cases. Twenty-one months on average after operation (range, 8 to 31 months), patients were satisfied with treatment. Clinically, all patients had a stable occlusion and symmetry of the face. All had greater than 5-mm symmetrical lateral jaw excursions. Ten patients had wide (>40 mm) painless mouth opening. Healing in malposition occurred in four cases and there was considerable shortening of the mandibular ramus in four cases. Conclusions: Despite good clinical results, lag screws do not meet the needs for rigid internal fixation in the treatment of mandibular condyle fractures.
The enhancement of nerve regeneration using growth factors: A brief review; The management of peripheral nerve injuries continues to challenge the surgeon. Despite advances in surgical technique, return of normal function is uncommon after the repair of a transected nerve. It is now possible to enhance the process of nerve regeneration in animals using growth factors carried in silicone nerve guides. In this article the biological process of nerve regeneration is described and contemporary research involving the use of growth factor implants to facilitate nerve regeneration is reviewed.
Delayed onset facial nerve dysfunction following acoustic neuroma surgery; Delayed onset facial nerve dysfunction following acoustic neuroma surgery is an under-appreciated phenomenon. The authors have recently reviewed long-term (>1 year) facial nerve outcome in 129 patients who underwent acoustic neuroma removal with the aid of cranial nerve monitoring between 1986 and 1990. The facial nerve was anatomically preserved in 99.2% of the patients, and at one year, 90% of all the patients had House-Brackmann (H-B) grade I or II facial nerve function. Delayed onset worsening of facial nerve function was noted in 38 of 129 (29%) patients, most of which occurred in the first few postoperative days. The incidence increases to 41% (38 of 93) when corrected for those with immediate H-B grade VI weakness, and who therefore could not manifest further deterioration. The facial nerve function either deteriorated from normal to abnormal or increased in severity of weakness. Delayed facial palsy was not related to the size of tumor or the surgical approach. The most common occurrence was that of a patient with H-B grade I or II facial nerve function worsening to H-B grade VI in the postoperative period. The prognosis for recovery of facial nerve function following delayed palsy was excellent. In the majority of cases, the recovery was complete within the first 6 months without specific treatment. Comparable to the patients without delayed palsies, 89% (34 of 38) of the cases had H-B grade I or II and 97% (37 of 38) had H-B grade III or better facial nerve function at 1 year. This review suggests a surprisingly high incidence of delayed facial palsy following acoustic neuroma surgery, which fortunately has an excellent prognosis for spontaneous recovery.
Botulinum toxin A; The usefulness of intramuscular BTX A unjections in patients with focal dystonias, hemifacial spasm, and other motor disorders causing disabling muscle hyperactivity is now well accepted. Recent studies have elucidated the intracellular mechanisms of action of BTX A. The neurotoxin inhibits acetylcholine release by cleaving synaptosomal-associated protein. Contraindications to the use of BTX A include the presence of diseases or treatments with drugs affecting the neuromuscular junction. Side effects mainly result from exaggerated paresis of injected or neighbouring muscle groups. In the hands of experienced clinicians BTX A injections are a safe and remarkably effective treatment.
A child case of multiple sclerosis with facial palsy; A child aged 7 years with multiple sclerosis developed diplopia, vertigo, facial palsy, bearing loss visual disorder within 3 months. Neurotological examination revealed brain stem disorder. Multiple high signal lesions appeared within the periventricular white matter on T2 weighted MRI. After treatment with prednisolone, she showed gradually improvement. About a year later she became completely free from symptoms.
The potentials of nerve neurotization in the treatment of patients with facial paralysis; Variants of nerve neurotization are described. Indications for their use are defined and potentialities of nerve neurotization assessed. Clinical results demonstrate its efficacy both in cases with facial paralysis and with partial ptosis of the upper eyelids or paralysis of the tongue.
Osteoclastoma of temporal and zygomatic bone; A twelve year boy was admitted to the Otolaryngological Clinic of the Medical Academy in Cracow with a paralysis of the peripheral facial nerve and a tumor on the right zygomatic arc. A CT investigation revealed an expansive process in the central fossa of the skull, which continuously passed into the squama of the temporal bone and the are of the zygomatic bone on the right side, causing a paralysis of the nerve VII. A neurosurgical intervention was carried out as well as a subsequent treatment by radiotherapy. A remission of the tumor was achieved. Osteoclastoma was diagnosed histologically.
Microsurgery versus radiosurgery in the treatment of small acoustic neurinomas.; Microsurgical preservation of the facial nerve during removal of acoustic neurinomas can hardly be compared with microsurgery of the eighth cranial nerve. Many more anatomical and pathogenetic factors are involved that need careful consideration. In small neurinomas, of grades I and II, total extirpation of the tumour with preservation of both the facial nerve and segments of the vestibulocochlear nerve not directly involved by the tumour has become a safe and practical technique. In small acoustic neurinomas immediate facial nerve function could be preserved in 88% and "useful hearing" could be preserved in 78%. A number of different types of tumour-cranial nerve relationships could be established in small acoustic neurinomas, showing also the effects of adjusted surgical techniques on the preservation of hearing. Optimal selective separation of cranial nerves from the tumour is only possible through open surgical intervention, while radiosurgery requires the irradiation of the entire tumour/nerve complex.
Malignant tumors of the petrous bone. Apropos of 25 cases; Twenty five cases of malignant tumors of the petrous bone are presented. Prognosis depends on the histology and on the local invasion which dictate the possibility of curative surgery. Squamous cell carcinoma of the middle ear and other invasive tumors have a bad prognosis, and in spite of the progress of modern image technology, the peripetrous extension of the tumors are often underestimated. Actuarial two years survival for squamous cell carcinoma was 38%. Total excision needs at least a subtotal petrous resection with, in some cases meningal and internal carotid resection. In all cases, surgery was followed by radiation. Low grade malignant tumors had a better prognosis and required a more limited resection. In these cases, when necessary, facial nerve can be repaired by a cable graft at the time of initial surgery.
Recurrent or familial facial palsy. Apropos of 6 cases and review of the literature; About 5 cases of recurrent facial palsy (1 case of familial récurrent facial palsy) and 1 case of non récurrent familial facial palsy, this work analyse the recent knowledges about this subject. Frequency of recurrent palsy is about 10% of the non traumatic facial palsies. A classification is proposed. The prognostic of a recurrence appears similar to the first palsy. Transmission of familial facial palsy seems autosomic dominant or multifactorial. Among the etiology, some like the alternobaric facial paralysis or Melkerson-Rosenthal syndrome could require special preventive or specific therapy.
Retrosigmoid carding operation of facial nerve trunk; Retrosigmoid carding operation of facial nerve trunk for treatment of intractable hemifacial spasm was reported in 22 patients. These cases were followed up for 1 to 4 years. The effective rate was 87.5%. Facial nerves compressed by an arterial loop was found in 54.5 per cent of all cases during the operations. The operation was safe and no death occurred. No facial palsy was seen more than 5 months after the operations. The operative indication was very wide. The operation was not confined to those having vascular compressions. Especially the operation can resolve the difficult problems when no compressing vessel can be found or vascular decompression is difficult to do.
Parotid gland tumor histopathologic picture and treatment; The records of 41 patients with tumours of the parotid gland treated in ORL Clinic in Białystok from 1990-1995. Were retrospectively reviewed. Malignant tumours constituted 11.5% of all tumours. The most common benign tumour was pleomorphic adenoma. Superficial or total parotidectomy was used as the method of treatment. The incidence of facial nerve dysfunction was 4.87%. Only 4.87% of patients developed Frey's syndrome.
Some problems with the recognition and treatment of pleomorphic adenomas in salivary glands; The authors have presented main reasons of failure with diagnosis and operative treatment of polymorphic adenomas in salivary glands. They have written about four patients with different histopathological diagnosis before and after operation, and about two patients with postoperative recurrence. In one of those patients malignant transformation has occurred. In two cases partial facial nerve palsy has occurred.
Methylcobalamin treatment of Bell's palsy; Sixty patients with Bell's palsy were included in an open randomized trial. Patients were assigned into three treatment groups: steroid (group 1), methylcobalamin (group 2) and methylcobalamin + steroid (group 3). Comparison between the three groups was based on the number of days needed to attain full recovery, facial nerve scores, and improvement of concomitant symptoms. The time required for complete recovery of facial nerve function was signifcantly shorter (p < 0.001) in the methylcobalamin (mean of 1.95 ± 0.51 weeks) and methylcobalamin plus steroid groups (mean of 2.05 ± 1.23 weeks) than in the steroid group (mean of 9.60 ± 7.79 weeks). The facial nerve score after 1-3 weeks of treatment was significantly more severe (p < 0.001) in the steroid group compared to the methylcobalamin and methylcobalamin plus steroid groups. The improvement of concomitant symptoms was better in the methylcobalamin treated groups than the group treated with steroid alone.
Facial nerve involvement in patients with acoustic neurinomas. Examination with magnetic single- and bi-stimulation; The diagnosis of acoustic neurinomas is usually made by auditory and vestibular testing and magnetic resonance imaging. As clinical involvement of the facial nerve is infrequent, occurring only in large tumours, only little is known about the subclinical involvement of the facial nerve. Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the VIIth cranial nerve in the temporal bone, adjacent to acoustic neurinoma growth, seems to be an adequate instrument for electrophysiological measurements of minimal nerve lesions without clinically obvious facial palsy. In 70% out of 97 patients with surgically and histologically confirmed acoustic neurinomas, obvious elongation of the intratemporal conduction time of the facial nerve was found. This affection was dependent on tumour size. No correlation was found to preoperative or postoperative facial nerve function and hearing function. The latencies of the conduction time showed a tendential increase in patients with a more difficult grade of surgery and of facial nerve preparation due to fibrous adhesions and nerve spreading on the tumour capsule. A completely new stimulation modality, the application of two magnetic stimuli in quick succession, was applied for the first time in acoustic neurinoma patients, and revealed facial nerve involvement by acoustic neurinoma growth. Facial nerve involvement in acoustic neurinoma can be detected by transcranial magnetic stimulation even in patients with small and medium sized tumours but with clinically normal facial function.
Current concepts in the management of lagophthalmos and other ophthalmic complications of 7th nerve palsies; A seven-stage approach to the management of lagophthalmos and other ophthalmic complications of 7th nerve palsies has been used to aid the physician in logically organizing therapy and to provide the patients with reassuring goals. The seven stages include supportive care, planning for general facial reanimation, lower lid and canthal resuspension, passive upper lid animation, dynamic lid animation, and soft tissue repositioning. The final stage, termed the Epilogue, addresses the use of Botulinum A toxin in the management of the synkinetic movements and hypertonicity which frequently develop with resolution of a facial paralysis. This staged approach has been useful in achieving corneal compensation, maintaining vision, and improving the quality of life in these patients.
Paralytic lagophthalmos and ophthalmic; This study highlights paralysis of the orbicularis oculi as the main sequel of facial palsy and its following progressive course. A varied etiology emphasizes the need for a complete ophthalmological, E.N.T., medical and neurologic checkup in every case of facial palsy. This knowledge allows the therapy to be tailored to each individual case. The management of facial palsy is primarily based on the patient's facial motor function, lacrimal secretion and corneal sensation.
Lagophthalmos from the neurosurgeon's point of view: Prevention and treatment of trigeminal and facial nerves compromise; Lagophthalmos is a serious functional and cosmetic disorder in patients with facial nerve palsies. It is even more difficult and urgent to treat in additional trigeminal lesions. In a series of 1000 acoustic nerve tumors, 250 cerebellopontine angle meningiomas and 200 other cerebellopontine angle tumors, many hundreds of patients transferred from other institutions, 160 patients were treated neurosurgically and a further 80 by plastic surgery for facial nerve palsies. The indication of the type of treatment depends on (1) the knowledge of facial nerve continuity or discontinuity, (2) the duration since the onset of the palsy, (3) its completeness or signs of recovery, (4) the patient's individual tendency to atrophy and on his or her age. In case of definite nerve discontinuity, immediate nerve reconstruction by nerve transplantation is necessary and technically possible along the whole course of the facial nerve from the brainstem up to the region of the parotid gland. In 61 patients nerve transplantations were carried out at the cerebellopontine angle (CPA), from the CPA to the mastoid bony canal, from the CPA to the stylomastoid foramen, from the mastoid segment to the stylomastoid foramen or to the face region or completely extracranially. In case of loss of the proximal nerve stump or of destruction of the facial nucleus within the brainstem, facial nerve reconstruction is best achieved by reanimation with a donor nerve, either the hypoglossal nerve or the contralateral facial nerve. The achievement of facial symmetry on rest, of symmetry on movement in two face segments, of complete eye closure and limited mild synkinesia (equivalent to Grade III of the House-Brackmann Scale) is regarded as a subjectively and objectively satisfactory result and is found in 74% of hypoglossal-facial reanimations and in 70 to 77% of transplantations at the CPA. Incomplete or dysfunctional recovery may be a problem in spontaneous reinnervation as well as in reconstructed facial nerves. The reasons for this and the adjuvant therapy by plastic surgery are also presented.
Correction of facial paralysis in the frontoorbital region; The fronto-orbital region of patients with facial paralysis can be treated well with relatively simple methods. First choice of corrections is: static suspension of the ptotic eyebrow, gold implant of specific form, size and weight in the upper eyelid, and modified Kuhnt-Szymanovski wedge excision of the lower eyelid, sometimes completed with a medial canthoplasty. Current treatment modalities for paralytic lagophthalmos make (lateral) tarsorrhaphy obsolete.
Botulinum toxin-A in the management of paralytic lagophthalmos; This review discusses the clinical uses of Botulinum toxin-A in the management of patients with orbital disease with particular mention of its role in producing temporary protective ptosis. The actual injection technique is described in detail and there is a brief discussion on its mechanism of action in these patients.
Facial palsy caused by otitis media with effusion: The pathophysiology discussed; Facial palsy resulting from a sterile middle-ear effusion is very rare. A case in a 7-year-old child who recovered normal facial nerve function after myringotomy is presented. The differential diagnosis and treatment are discussed with reference to the proposed pathophysiology. The message of this report is that when otitis media with effusion is complicated by facial palsy, urgent myringotomy is essential.
Comparison of artemether and quinine in the treatment of severe falciparum malaria in south-east Thailand; One hundred and two Thai patients with severe falciparum malaria (92 males and 10 females) were allocated at random to receive either the standard regimen of quinine infusion (52 cases) or intramuscular artemether (50 cases). The patients in both groups had comparable admission clinical and laboratory data. Artemether gave a better survival rate (87.2% vs. 63.3%) and parasite clearance time (54 vs. 78 h) than quinine. Fever clearance times (79 h vs. 84 h) and time to recovery of consciousness (48 h in both groups) were comparable. Previous treatment with quinine or mefloquine had no influence on treatment outcome. The most common adverse effect in patients treated with quinine was tinnitus. Two patients had severe hearing impairment which resolved within 1 week after the end of treatment. Mild, transient pain was noted at the injection site of artemether but no abscess formed. QTc wave prolongation was seen in most patients receiving quinine; however, no arrhythmia was observed despite the high concentration of quinine in some patients who had received quinine before admission. Complications developed in 7 survivors in each treatment group. No patient in the artemether group had neurological sequelae after recovery of consciousness, but 2 in the quinine group had left facial palsy and one had a myasthenia gravis-like syndrome. No patient died with complications in the artemether group, but 7 died with pulmonary complications in the quinine group.
Surgical treatment of the fractured and dislocated condylar process of the mandible; Most fractures of the mandible can be managed conservatively. This report is a retrospective evaluation of the clinical and radiological results in 17 patients with 21 dislocated fractures submitted to open reduction and fixation, employing steel wires and maxillomandibular fixation. Follow-up ranged from 7 to 55 months, (mean 29.5). Functional assessment showed good opening movements (mean 41.9 mm). There were no cases of ankylosis, pain, or paralysis of the facial nerve. Radiological assessment was normal when the lateral pterygoid muscle was maintained adherent to the fractured proximal segment. Radiological signs of bone resorption occurred when the fractured segment was detached from the lateral pterygoid muscle. In our opinion, dislocated condylar process fractures can be managed surgically and with steel wire ligatures and maxillomandibular fixation. Whenever possible, the lateral pterygoid muscle should be inserted into the fractured proximal segment, i.e. osteomuscular flap.
Branchio-oto-renal syndrome (BOR-syndrome) with oligomeganephronia. A longterm study of renal insufficiency; The branchio-oto-renal syndrome is an inherited disorder combining sensoneurinal hearing loss, preauricular pits, auricular abnormalities, lateral cervical fistulas, nasolacrimal duct stenosis, facial paralysis, mental retardation and renal abnormalities. Frequently the renal disease is oligomeganephronia, a bilateral, congenital renal abnormality with a reduced number of nephrons. We report on a 32-year-old male patient with BOR-syndrome and oligomeganephronia, whose renal insufficiency was known since infancy but not treated for the first 10 years of his life. Thereafter, under conservative therapy, the renal insufficiency showed only verv slow progression. The major problem throughout the whole course was the management of severe hyperparathyroidism. After all, this course of events demonstrates the difficulties in predicting the prognosis of renal failure in childhood.
Insulin-like growth factor I improves height in growth hormone insensitivity: Two years' results; Thirty-one patients with growth hormone insensitivity syndrome (GHIS) and 2 with GH gene deletion (age 11.2 (3.7-22.9) years; BA (GP) 8.2 years; height -6.5 ± 1.6 SDS) were recruited for the multicenter study. At birth, length was more retarded (-1.38 SDS) than weight (-0.56 SDS). The rhIGF-I dose was 40-120 μg/kg BW twice daily s.c. In 26 patients, first year HV increased from 3.9 ± 1.8 to 8.5 ± 2.1 cm/year (delta (d) HT SDS 0.8 ± 0.5). In 18 patients, second year HV was 6.4 ± 2.2 cm/year (dHT SDS 0.4 ± 0.5). There was normal progression of puberty. Mean progression of BA was 1.2 and 1.5 years/ year during the first and second year. There was no dose effect of IGF-I on growth. Weight-for-height index (WHI) and skinfold thickness were significantly correlated at start, 12 and 24 months (r = 0.83, 0.87 and 0.79). Changes in WHI were positively correlated with dHT SDS during the first and second year (r = 0.54, 0.56). Serum IGF-I rose, IGF-II decreased, and IGFBP-3 remained constant. Adverse events were (number of occasions): headache (21) (early); hypoglycemia (13); papilloedema (1) (reversible); Bell's palsy (1) (reversible); lipohypertrophy (7) (late); tonsillectomy/adenoidectomy (3) (late). The results show that there is effective long-term treatment of GHIS with systemically administered IGF-I and support the view that IGFBPs play an important role in the action of IGF-I.
Malignant otitis externa: Study of 19 cases; In the Anglo-Saxon literature, necrotizing otitis in the diabetic patient, known as malignant otitis externa (MOE), represents a specific and in many ways serious entity. We report on our personal experience with 19 cases of MOE with hospitalization and a 9-year follow-up. Our diagnostic criteria are as follows: all our patients are diabetic (with diabetes revealed twice by the MOE). Otalgia is a predominant feature of the clinical picture, with facial palsy being recorded in practically all our patients. A pyocyanic germ was responsible in 16 cases. The use of CT instead of Tc99 scintigraphy enabled the assessment of the extent of the complaint. Surgical treatment (mastoidectomy), recommended for our first patients, is now considered pointless due to its lack of efficacy against an already extensive process, and with the arrival on the market of new families of ATB's, in particular the quinolones. It would appear that this general treatment, combined with local treatment, provides a better control of the evolution of the MOE, which nonetheless carries a high mortality rate estimated at 18%. On the basis of this series, we present the data in the literature, recalling the diagnostic criteria, the value of skull base imaging and the criteria of recovery.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome treatment with clofazimine; The authors report a case of hypertrophy of the upper lip with facial paralysis and scrotal tongue in a 25-year-old white man. It was diagnosed according to clinical and histopathological aspects as Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The patient was treated with clofazimine, 100 mg daily during ten days followed by 200 mg, twice a week, during three months, obtaining good results.
Herpes zoster in the elderly; Herpes tester (HZ) is the reactivation in adults of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) infection. At least 95% of the U.S. population is latently infected by VZV. The most common cause of morbidity associated with HZ is pain, which may present as prodromal pain, acute pain, or postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) and which may be very difficult to manage to the patient's satisfaction. The duration and severity of pain appear most severe in elderly patients. While the mainstay of treatment of HZ has been acyclovir, its newly approved prodrug valacyclovir offers several advantages that result from improved bioavailability. Famciclovir, a prodrug of penciclovir, appears to have efficacy equivalent to acyclovir in most parameters of healing, although there are few published studies regarding its use.
Issues on aural atresia for the facial plastic surgeon; Rehabilitation of hearing in the child with congenital microtia and aural atresia is a fundamental part of the total reconstructive process. Not all children with microtia, however, are candidates for atresia repair. A grading scheme to evaluate a patient's candidacy for atresia surgery has been developed and facilitates the selection process. If aural atresia surgery is to be undertaken, the reconstructive surgeon planning microtia repair must be aware of certain concepts. We present our recommendations on the chronology and timing of surgeries, the relation of microtia repair to atresia repair, expectations after atresia repair, the importance of the conchal bowl and tragus, and the possibility of injuring an aberrant facial nerve. We stress close coordination of efforts between reconstructive surgeon and otologist to achieve the best possible functional and cosmetic outcome.
Zoster polycranial neuropathy; A 16-year-old male had a six day history of ear pain, frontal headaches and low grade fevers and developed a left facial weakness one day prior to admission. Significant findings on examination included a left facial palsy and four vesicles over the pinna and posterior auricular area of the left ear. The CSF had 212 lymphocytes, no RBC, glucose 59 mg/dl and protein 69 mg/dl. The association of pain, facial palsy and the few vesicles in the area of the pain led to a diagnosis of herpes zoster. The patient was treated with IV acyclovir. This was followed by oral famciclovir, a new, more effective oral form of acyclovir. Because of initial deterioration, he also received steroids. He made a good recovery.
Direct intraneural spinal nerve stimulation (preliminary report); During 1982-93 17 patients with intractable pain and some motor dysfunction were treated with intraneural spinal nerve stimulation (ISNS) at the cervical or lumbar level. The study groups included one patient with post-herpetic pain of the trigeminal nerve with facialis paresis; in this patient, intraganglionic stimulation (IGS) of the,gasserian ganglion was performed. During ISNS and IGS procedures, intensive physical therapy was performed, followed by 3-6 months of ambulatory physical therapy treatment. ISNS and IGS were repeated two to three times during 1 year. Duration of the total treatment lasted 12-36 months. The 17 patients were divided into groups: seven with laminectomy pain syndrome with reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) in the lower limb; seven with post-traumatic RSD in the lower limb; two with post-stroke pain syndrome with hemiparesis; and one with post-herpetic neuralgia of the trigeminal nerve with facial paresis. In all patients, criteria for selection were based on the presence of an obvious sympathetic hyperactivity and sensory abnormalities. All patients were classified as having neuropathic or deafferentation pain syndrome. All patients had previously undergone a variety of different treatment regimens. The long-term results showed pain relief in 70.5 per cent of the patients; and an increase in motor function and mobility was observed in 76.4 per cent of the patients. In this preliminary report, the techniques of ISNS and IGS are described and the results are discussed. According to Devor's hypothesis of neuropathic pain mechanism, our clinical observations indicated that the combination of peripheral pathomechanism and its triggering influence on the central sensitization in the spinal column and spinothalamocortical pathways, plays in role in both of these pain syndromes.
Treatment of facial palsies with external eyelid weights; PURPOSE: Because ocular exposure is a major complication of facial paralysis, an external gold eyelid load weight was evaluated for effectiveness in the treatment of this problem. METHODS: We prospectively studied 12 patients with unilateral facial paralysis who were treated with the external eyelid weights. Follow-up examinations included corneal exposure, amount of artificial tear usage, patient comfort, and complications associated with the weights. Treatment end points were the patient's decision to undergo a canthoplasty or placement of an implanted weight or resolution of the facial paresis to better than House's grade IV/VI. RESULTS: Of the 12 patients studied, ten had decreased corneal exposure on the affected side, with a coincident decrease in artificial tear drop use and increased comfort. One patient had no improvement in a corneal defect, and one was unable to apply the weight. Five patients had some difficulty in positioning the weight, which was related to upper eyelid dermatochalasis in four of the five. Only two weights were lost in over two years of total wearing time. CONCLUSIONS: External eyelid weights are useful in the treatment of ocular exposure associated with facial paralysis. The weights decreased corneal exposure, decreased reliance on artificial tear drops, and increased patient comfort. The weights were helpful as a trial before implantation of eyelid weights and as a longer-term treatment for ocular exposure in patients with temporary facial paralysis. Loose upper eyelid skin may limit their usefulness in some patients.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome mimicking acoustic neuroma on MRI; The authors present a case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome in which the MRI appearance mimicked that of an intracanalicular acoustic neuroma.
Repair of the facial nerve in the cerebellopontine angle using freeze-thawed skeletal muscle autografts. An experimental surgical study in the sheep; Six adult blackface sheep underwent repair of the transected facial nerve in the cerebellopontine angle using short freeze-thawed muscle autografts. A typical facial palsy was observed on the side of the intervention immediately after operation. The sheep were allowed to recover for one year by which time clinical observation showed a complete recovery of the facial palsy in 5 sheep and a partial recovery in the remaining sheep. Under general anaesthesia function of the repaired VIIth nerve and the normal contralateral facial nerve were assessed using electrophysiological stimulating and recording techniques. These studies showed restoration of facial nerve continuity to have taken place with functional reinnervation of target facial muscles. Electrophysiological indices of nerve function were consistent with those expected after repair of any peripheral nerve. Morphometric study of the nerves after their removal showed structural changes which though quantitatively different from those of normal nerve were consistent with those seen in other sites and studies where nerves have been repaired. This technique is discussed as a possible treatment for facial nerves whose continuity is disrupted during the removal of cerebellopontine angle tumours.
Gold weight implants in facial paralysis; A series of patients with paralytic lagophthalmos is presented who have undergone gold weight implantation of the upper eyelid. There were few complications, and the appearance of the eye was significantly improved by the implant in many patients.
Steroids in otolaryngology; Traditionally, corticosteroids have been used to treat a wide spectrum of head and neck problems. With the increasing association of complications, the use of these agents has dramatically declined. However, the ability of corticosteroids to significantly reduce inflammation in many clinical situations continues to make them extremely valuable. To effectively use steroids, it is essential for the clinician to understand the possible short- and long-term complications, as well as the possible benefits, for the specific situation encountered. Steroids have been proven to be beneficial in the management of sudden sensorineural hearing loss, idiopathic facial palsy, croup, nasal obstruction, tonsillectomy, and perioperative swelling. The incidence of complications with the use of steroids is associated with the length of therapy. Risk factors for steroid use include history of peptic ulcer disease, diabetes, latent tuberculosis, psychosis, and osteoporosis. Short-term therapy is rarely associated with complications in patients without these risk factors.
Treatment of gunshot wounds of the ear; Of 20 males and 2 females aged 18-40 wounded in the ear region and admitted to ENT hospitals, 68% had fragmentation effects, 32% gun wounds, 83% combined injuries. Damage to the temporal bone took place in 66.5%. Foreign body (bullet or fragment) was present in half of the cases. Facial paralysis, unilateral deafness have developed in 40% and 2/3 of the victims, respectively. Advanced otiatric and neurological methods warranted removal of the foreign bodies in all the cases, filling of temporal bone defects with island neurovascular flap from the musculus nutans and musculus temporalis. Lethal outcome due to meningoencephalitis occurred in one case only.
Malignant salivary gland tumors; Records of 60 patients with primary salivary gland tumors were retrospectively analyzed. Most were European Jews, 60% were males, and the average age was 57 years. The parotid gland was the most frequent site of origin (76%). The main presenting symptom was painless swelling. Pain or facial palsy were rare and associated with poor prognoses. The most common types were mucoepidermoid, adenocystic, adenocarcinoma and malignant, mixed carcinomas (in descending order of frequency). Squamous cell carcinoma was the most prevalent histologic type. Most patients presented at an advanced stage. Treatment was mainly surgical and postoperative radiotherapy was given to those with advanced disease. Most recurrences occurred within 3 years of initial treatment. Actuarial 10-year survival for all patients was 40%. Superior survival rates were achieved in women, probably due to less aggressive malignancies. Low grade mucoepidermoid carcinoma had a favorable prognosis, whereas anaplastic carcinoma had the worst. Other significant prognostic factors included stage and grade of disease.
Facial peripheric palsy; The author, having done a detailed review of the anatomy and physiology of the facial nerve, describes the Facial Peripheric Palsy in its ethiologic, clinical and diagnostic aspects; taking special care with 'Frigore Palsy' the most ordinary cause of the illness. The different options in the Physiatric treatment are related with it's physiologic bases. Finally, the author emphasizes the role of the Rehabilitation Medicine.
Facial paralysis. Result of our electroneurographic studies; The Electroneurography (ENoG) is one of the most employed electrodiagnostical techniques in the appraisal of acute facial palsies (AFP). Since 1989 we have to resort systematically to this exploration in our ENT-Department, which task previously was province of the Neurophysiological Service. On accordance with the exam's results we then express the prognostic, regarding the seriousness of the paralysis, and so settle the indication or the abstention for the rehabilitative treatment. We report here a review of 92 APF's seen during 1990 and consider their evolutive course which is compared with that in advance supposed to be. In the light of our final results we venture to say that ENoG, in our hands, is a good prognostical indicator and also is an adequate standard of judgement in order to recommend the rehabilitative management of AFP.
Diagnostic and clinical outcome of neurogenic tumours in the head and neck area; A retrospective analysis of diagnostic procedures and clinical outcome of patients with neurogenic tumours of the head and neck region was performed. There were 25 patients - 16 with neurinoma, 5 with neurofibroma and 4 with neurogenic sarcoma - who presented with a mass in the head and neck area. In 13 patients, the neurinoma originated from the facial nerve, 2 of them were located in the middle ear and mastoid and showed facial palsy. Four patients presented with neurofibromatosis type 1. Twenty-three patients were operated on to remove the tumorous masses. Eighteen tumours were assigned intraoperatively to a cranial nerve main trunk, whereas 7 tumours originated from small branches or showed diffuse growth in neurofibromatosis. All benign neurogenic tumours were removed totally without relapse. One of 2 auricular nerve autografts in middle-ear facial nerve neurinoma resulted in a sufficient muscle tonus of the face. Three patients with malignancies died within 12-24 months showing local recurrencies (n = 1) and/or pulmonary metastasis (n = 2). As expected, neurogenic tumours are unusual neoplasms of the head and neck regions. On the other hand, neurogenic malignancies exhibit diagnostic problems as well as uncertain chances for long-term survival. Tumour staging, determined by extension and critical for treatment decisions, is well evaluated by CT scan and MRI. A multimodal therapy regimen with operation and radiation is recommended for neurogenic sarcoma also when developing in neurofibromatosis. However, in main trunk neurinomas, nerve autografting with interposition is the therapy of choice with a good chance of functional recuperation.
Branchiogenic anomalies; Lateral cervical fistulae are usually described as examples for inborn branchiogenic anomalies. They result from evolutionary disorders of the first and second branchiogenic arch. Four patients were seen with cervical fistulae, three of those having a recurrence after surgical treatment. After a short review of the evolution and the topographic anatomy of such cysts and ducts, four patients are presented with all the details regarding their partially very complicated history.
A comparison of transcranial magnetic stimulation with electroneuronography as a predictive test in patients with Bell's palsy; The aim of this study was to examine the neuronographic findings of electrical and transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve and to compare their ability to predict clinical recovery from idiopathic facial nerve palsy (Bell's palsy). Eighty-six patients were examined clinically and neurophysiologically immediately on presentation to Tampere University Hospital. Electroneuronography (ENoG) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) were performed 1-6 times for each patient. The time interval between each examination varied from 2 to 7 days. Seventy-eight patients were followed for a median period of 13 months after the onset of palsy. Facial nerve function was graded according to the House-Brackmann grading system. Relative amplitude differences of ENoG and TMS during the acute phase were then correlated with clinical outcome. Statistical analysis of the results showed that a TMS response elicitable during the first 5 days of the palsy was correlatable with a good prognosis. ENoG results correlated with clinical outcome at a later time from onset of symptoms. TMS was well tolerated and no adverse effects were seen. These results indicate that TMS is a useful method for the early prediction of outcome in patients with Bell's palsy.
Primary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of the temporal bone; A rare case of primary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in the mastoid cells of a 2-year-old boy is presented and the available literature reviewed.
Successful excision of a giant acoustic neuroma in the third trimester of pregnancy; Intracranial neoplasms presenting during pregnancy are uncommon. We report the case of a woman with a giant acoustic neuroma, presenting with hyperemesis gravidarum, and detail the surgical excision of the tumour during the third trimester. The case illustrates the unusual presentation and that such surgery can be performed safely without detriment to mother or fetus.
A new classification system and combined treatment method for idiopathic facial nerve paralysis: Report on 718 cases; The author reports on a combined method using acupuncture, Chinese medicine (herbs and substances) and Western medicine for the treatment of idiopathic facial nerve paralysis (Bell's palsy). Based on 20+ years of clinical experience, he proposes a new classification system and therapy which varies according to the lesion level. Includes a report on 718 cases treated with the combined method in which the cure rate was 99.6%.
Unified neurological stroke scale is valid in ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke; Background and Purpose: The growing interest in testing new therapeutic agents for acute brain injury has lead to increased use of stroke scales. The reliability and validity of these measures need to be examined more completely. We used structural equation modeling, a technique that merges the analytic procedures of factor analysis and multiple regression, to examine the reliability and construct validity of the Middle Cerebral Artery Neurological Scale and the Scandinavian Neurological Stroke Scale used together as the Unified Neurological Stroke Scale. We also analyzed the predictive validity, sensitivity, and specificity of the scales in predicting mortality and functional outcome. Methods: We prospectively studied 84 consecutive patients admitted to a neurology/neurosurgery intensive care unit with intracerebral hemorrhage (n=30), subarachnoid hemorrhage (n=15), ischemic stroke (n=15), and traumatic brain injury (n=24). Patients were evaluated within 24 hours of admission and at 48-hour intervals until intensive care unit discharge. A total of 386 assessments were obtained. The Functional Independence. Measure was administered by telephone 3 months after hospital discharge. Results: High levels of reliability and construct validity were observed for the majority of the Unified Stroke Scale items. Facial palsy and eye movement items had the lowest reliability and validity. Both the Middle Cerebral Artery and Scandinavian Scales were significant predictors of outcome. Sensitivity and specificity varied by diagnosis. Predictive validity of functional outcome was best in groups with ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke rather than traumatic brain injury and subarachnoid hemorrhage. Conclusions: The Unified Stroke Scale demonstrates reliability and construct and predictive validity, and its use is supported in ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke. Structural equation modeling is an appropriate technique for use with scales of this type.
Early temporalis muscle transposition for the management of facial paralysis; Temporalis muscle transposition is a reliable surgical technique for the reanimation of patients with long-standing facial paralysis. It is often employed when facial nerve reinnervation via crossover or cable grafting is not possible. Temporalis muscle transposition can also be used for the immediate treatment of complete facial paralysis due to insults leaving the facial nerve anatomically intact but requiring a prolonged recovery time (more than 1 year). Because temporalis muscle transposition does not interfere with neuronal regeneration, it may be employed early in the management of complete facial paralysis when recovery is predicted to be extended and incomplete. The authors report their experience with early temporalis muscle transposition in the management of facial paralysis in 56 patients with an anatomically intact facial nerve. More than 90% of these patients achieved improved symmetry at rest as well as purposeful movement at the corner of the mouth. In the last 30 patients, the temporoparietal fascial flap was simultaneously harvested and successfully used to obliterate the donor site defect. In conjunction with the immediate implantation of a gold weight in the ipsilateral upper eyelid, this approach to the early management of facial paralysis helps reduce the period of facial disability from years to weeks in a select group of patients.
Long-term effects of neuromuscular rehabilitation of chronic facial paralysis; Although chronic facial dysfunction can be improved with neuromuscular biofeedback therapy, it is uncertain whether this improvement is maintained after such therapy ends, or whether post-therapy, home exercise programs optimize this improvement. We aimed to clarify these issues. Post-therapy facial function, in 38 previously treated patients, was blindly assessed using the House grading system, 1 to 41 months after ending therapy. Results were compared with pre-therapy function. It was found that post-therapy function was better than pre-therapy function in most patients (40%), it was worse in some (26%), and was unchanged in the rest. This surprising result occurred because, although most patients who recently stopped therapy (1 to 6 mo) had improved significantly, the longer other patients were out of therapy, the more they had tended to deteriorate, particularly those who had been practicing. Results suggested that unsupervised, post-therapy, home exercise programs may be detrimental, and that new post-therapy programs may be required to maintain the benefits of regular therapy.
Management of post-traumatic facial paralysis. Based on 83 cases; The authors report a series of 83 cases of post-traumatic facial paralysis. This study shows that 65% of paralysis are related to traffic accidents. In 76% of the cases, the deficit is immediate. The initial clinical evaluation evidences a majority of grade V (68%). The auditive impairment is related in 48% of the cases to transmission deafness, in 41% of the cases, there is impairment of the inner ear; lastly for 11% of the patients, hearing is preserved. The electromyography analyses the gravity of the facial nerve impairment: in 47 cases, clear-cut denervation can be noted. Lastly, for 11% of the patients, hearing is preserved. The electromyography analyses the gravity of the facial nerve impairment: in 47 cases clear cut denervation can be noted. Lastly, the electromyography is supplemented by a scan of the temporal bone which defines the type of fracture. Out of 83 patients, 14 labyrinthine fractures were found. Based on the various tests, the therapeutic decision led to 31 medical treatments and 52 surgical procedures. The latter were performed within a 15-day to 2-month time period for 83% of the patients. The type of surgery depends on the supposed lesional site: 31 mixed approaches (middle fossa and transmastoidal), 15 transmastoidal approaches and 6 translabyrinthine approaches. Impairment of the geniculate ganglion is quite frequent. Most often, an edema or a confused aspect is found. Sections are rarer (7 cases). The results are excellent for impairment treated non-surgically. In the surgically treated patients, prognosis is more uncertain, especially if a nerve graft is required. One year afterwards, a satisfactory functional result is obtained for 82% of the surgically treated patients.
A case of Fisher's syndrome associated with central serous chorioretinopathy; The patient in this study was a 51-year-old male with sudden double vision. He had had episodes of hypertention and antecedent infection. A diagnosis of Fisher's syndrome had been made based on the absence of ocular movement, bilateral ptosis, dilated pupils, bilateral facial paralysis, loss of deep tendon reflex and ataxic gait. Corticosteroid therapy for reasons not clear at present, induced central serous chorioretinopathy in both eyes. Visual acuity recovered following decreased corticosteroid and focal retinal photocoagulation. Damage already incurred by the retinal pigment epithelium appeared to develop further and aggravate the chorioretinopathy after steroid therapy. Circulatory disturbance in the choroid induced by hypertension was apparently one cause for the disease. It was shown by the present case study that the careful administration of corticosteroid is essential to the treatment of Fisher's syndrome, based on due consideration of patient age and physical conditions.
Outcome of facial nerve palsy in 24 children; Of 24 children with facial palsy, 6 (25%) had recurrent attacks. Complete recovery occurred in 21 (88%). Electrophysiological tests including direct stimulation of the facial nerve and blink reflex were performed in 12 serially to compare the prognostic value. Only direct response had prognostic significance in predicting the outcome. A normal direct response predicts a better prognosis (P = 0.002) whereas abnormal blink reflex can be associated with complete or incomplete recovery.
Clinical investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve--an early prognostic diagnosis of patients with peripheral facial palsy and the facial nerve magnetic stimulation site; To obtain an early prognostic diagnosis of patients with peripheral facial palsy, a magnetic stimulator (Dantec Mag 2) was used to directly stimulate the intracranial portion of the facial nerve in 15 normal subjects and 108 patients with peripheral facial palsy. In normal subjects and patients with facial palsy, compound muscle action potentials (CMAPs) of the orbicularis oris muscle elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation were compared with CMAPs elicited by electrical stimulation at a peripheral site of the stylomastoid foramen. This technique is similar to electroneurography (ENoG) and is regularly used in our department. In normal subjects, the latency of magnetically evoked CMAPs was longer (1.0ms, SD 0.39ms) than that of CMAPs evoked by electrical stimulation. There were two categories of patients; the first group consisted of patients who visited our hospital within 2 weeks after palsy onset with a record of electrically evoked CMAPs (ENoG) and magnetically evoked CMAPs, the second group consisted of all others. The first group was then divided into four subgroups based on minimal ENoG values obtained within 2 weeks after the onset of palsy. In patients, ENoG values declined until the seventh day after palsy onset, and then plateaued. However, the amplitude ratio of magnetically evoked CMAPs between the affected side and normal side showed no tendency to deline until the seventh day after palsy onset. Thus, whether magnetically evoked CMAPs could be recorded must be discussed in relation to the prognosis of facial palsy. The patients in whom magnetically evoked CMAPs could be recorded within the seven days after the onset of palsy were classified into a group in which the minimal ENoG value was greater than 20%. These patients recovered almost 2 months after the onset of palsy, and were significantly better than the recovery rates of those patients in whom magnetically evoked CMAPs could not be recorded. The site at which the facial nerve is magnetically stimulated remains controversial. In patients with peripheral facial palsy, recovery of the stapedial reflex, blink reflex and magnetically evoked CMAPs were examined to investigate the site of magnetic stimulation. From the clinical perspective, the facial nerve is thought to be magnetically stimulated near the meatal foramen that Fisch reported the site of damage in Bell's palsy. This stimulation site was almost the same point as that calculated from the mean latency difference between magnetically evoked CMAPs and ENoG in normal controls.
Borreliosis as a cause of peripheral facial palsy: A multi-center study; Borreliosis is known to be a common cause of peripheral facial palsy in Stockholm and its vicinity. The aim of the present study was to investigate the frequency and characteristics of borreliosis among patients with peripheral facial palsy in different parts of Sweden. All serological tests were performed in one laboratory. Ten Swedish Ear Nose and Throat clinics participated in a prospective 1-year study of patients seeking medical attention for acute peripheral facial palsy. Twenty-eight (6%) out of totally 446 patients fulfilled the criteria for the diagnosis of borreliosis. The frequency varied between 1 and 16% and was highest along the southeast coast of Sweden whereas no case was reported from the northern part of the country. Borreliosis was more common among children with facial palsy than among adults. The infection occurred during all seasons although it appears to be less frequent during the spring months. Only a minority of the borrelial patients had a history of a preceding tick bite or erythema migrans. The fairly low overall frequency of this secondary stage of borreliosis in the study may be a result of better knowledge of the disease and earlier treatment of its early manifestations. In Sweden's endemic areas borreliosis is a common cause of peripheral facial palsy, and therefore all patients with facial palsy in these regions should be examined for borrelial infection.
Traumatic facial nerve injuries: review of diagnosis and treatment.; Both blunt and penetrating craniofacial trauma may lead to severe facial nerve injury and sequelae of facial paralysis. Initial evaluation involves quantitation of motor deficits using a clinical grading system, such as the House-Brackmann scale. High resolution computed tomography is used for localization of nerve injury in suspected cases of temporal bone trauma. In the absence of gross radiographic abnormalities, electrophysiologic testing helps predict the likelihood of spontaneous recovery. In patients with deteriorating facial nerve injuries by electroneuronography, surgical exploration is the preferred management. Primary end-to-end neurorrhaphy is the preferred management for transection injuries, while facial nerve decompression may benefit other forms of high-grade nerve trauma. Secondary facial reanimation procedures, such as cranial nerve crossovers, dynamic muscle slings or various static procedures, are useful adjuncts when initial facial nerve repair is unsuccessful or impossible. A review of facial nerve trauma management and case illustrations are presented.
Early diagnosis and treatment of Ramsay Hunt syndrome: The role of magnetic resonance imaging; We present the case of a 47-year-old woman with left otalgia, rotatory vertigo, sensorineural hearing loss and acute facial nerve palsy. An enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan showed discrete enhancement of the facial and vestibulocochlear nerves in the left internal auditory canal as well as of the labyrinth. This appearance was compatible with that in Ramsay Hunt syndrome and acyclovir was started prior to the appearance of any vesicular eruption. The diagnosis was subsequently confirmed serologically. She regained full facial function but the sensorineural hearing loss persisted. The literature pertaining to the role of the MRI in acute facial palsies is reviewed.
Prognosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: Clinical analysis; We report the results of a study on the long term outcome of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). The clinical subjects were 81 ALS patients, 75 of whom required assisted ventilation, and 57 of whom have died. We found that the following factors were associated with a longer clinical course: (1) younger onset: (2) female sex: (3) left-sided predominance of amyotrophy: (4) slower development of bulbar symptoms.
A 57 year old woman with gait disturbance, headache, character change, convulsion, and coma; We report a 57 year old woman with progressive gait disturbance, headache, character change, convulsion and coma. She was well until 55 years of age, when she noted an onset of unsteady gait. At times she experienced transient weakness in her right hand, which was followed some difficulty in articulation. She was admitted to our service for the work up on April 6, 1992. Neurologic examination at that time revealed an alert Japanese lady in no acute distress. She was oriented to all spheres, however, she was somewhat bradyphrenic and had some disturbance in recent memory. Higher cerebral functions appeared intact. The visual acuity and visual fields were normal as were the optic fundi. Pupils were round and isocoric reacting promptly to light. Ocular movement was full, however, horizontal nystagmus was noted upon right lateral gaze. The sensation of the face was intact. She showed right facial paresis of the central type. Hearing was intact. She showed slurred speech and some difficulty in swallowing. The tongue was deviated to the right. Her gait was wide based and unsteady; tandem gait was difficult, however, walking on toes and on heels were performed well. No cerebellar ataxia was noted, but she showed some clumsiness in her right hand. Deep reflexes were symmetric and normally reactive; plantar response was extensor bilaterally. Sensation was intact; no meningeal sign was elicited. Routine laboratory work up was unremarkable; the CSF was under a borderline pressure (180 mmH2O) and contained 39 mg/dl of protein and 59 mg/dl of sugar. Cranial CT scan revealed diffuse low density areas involving bilateral cerebral white matter as well as the brain stem; MRI revealed high signal intensity lesions in those areas; gadolinium enhancement was negative; cortical sulci were effaced and the anterior part of the left lateral ventricle was compressed without deviation of the midline structure. The patient was treated with steroid pulse therapy without effect. She was discharged for out patient follow up, however, she developed a convulsion which was followed by loss of consciousness, and was admitted again to our service. She had never gained consciousness after this episode, and remained in the state of akinetic mutism. Follow-up CT and MId did not show much change, although the area of high signal density lesions slightly enlarged on June 1, 1993. Her clinical course was complicated by drug induced bone marrow suppression and nephrotic syndrome. She expired on September 8, 1993 after developing sudden drop of blood pressure and bradycardia. The patient was discussed in a neurological CPC, and the chief discussant arrived at the conclusion that the patient had gliomatosis cerebri. Differential diagnosis included multiple sclerosis, progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, subcortical vascular encephalopathy, and malignant lymphoma. Post mortem examination was continued to the left temporal lobe by opening a small bone flap (3 x 4 cm). Microscopic observation of the dissected specimens revealed moderately cellular tumor tissue; tumor cells contained a round to oval shaped nucleus with scanty cytoplasm; nuclei were chromatin rich; mitosis was present but the number was rather small. These tumor cells were positively stained by GFAP staining. Necrotic and hemorrhagic areas were also observed, and the histologic diagnosis was glioblastoma.
Clinico statistical studies at the pain clinic of Osaka Dental University Hospital Part 2: Facial palsy; Statistical analysis was performed on the 176 patients with facial palsy treated at the pain clinic of Osaka Dental University Hospital between May 1977 anti August 1994. There were 84 males and 92 females (Fig. 2). Their mean age was 43.7 years, and most of the patients were between 20 to 69 years of age (Fig. 3). The affected side was the left in 80 cases and right in 94 cases. The incidence of palsy did not differ significantly between the right and left side (Fig. 4). Palsy developed more frequently in May than in any other month of the year, but its incidence showed no significant seasonal differences (Fig. 5). Stellate ganglion block (SGB) was used as the therapy of first choice. The response rate was higher in patients treated with a combination of SGB, steroid and low molecular weight dextran then in patients who received other therapies, although this difference was not significant (Fig. 7). Forty patients (26.3%) had suffered from dental disease or received dental treatment before the onset of facial palsy. Although we analyzed the relationship between dental disease or treatment and facial palsy, no relationship was detected. We will continue to study this relationship.
Brain stem auditory evoked potentials: Effects of ovarian steroids correlated with increased incidence of Bell's palsy in pregnancy; To investigate the effect of ovarian steroids on the brain stem during changes of estrogen and progesterone blood levels, we recorded brain stem auditory evoked potentials with increased stimulus rates from 26 women treated for sterility by menotropins (Pergonal and Metrodin). These women were divided into three groups according to their estrogen and progesterone blood levels. The brain stem auditory evoked potential results revealed a significant delay of peck III only, with on increased stimulus rate in the group with the highest estrogen level. Estrogen may cause a brain stem synoptic impairment, presumably because of ischemic changes, and thus also may be responsible for a higher incidence of Bell's palsy during pregnancy.
An analysis of the Adour-Swanson and House-Brackmann grading systems for facial nerve recovery; Lack of uniformity in reporting facial nerve recovery in patients with facial nerve paralysis has been a major disadvantage in comparing treatment modalities. To remove subjectivity from the analysis, we devised a facial paralysis recovery profile as a system for measuring facial motion. This profile has been used since 1968 at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center, Oakland, California. The House facial paralysis grading system was introduced in 1983 for clinical use and was modified by Brackmann in 1985. This latter system has since been accepted by the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery in the United States as the standard used in reporting results. In a prospective study of 54 patients, we tested multiple parameters that affect accurate reporting. We tested reliability and accuracy of facial measurements by using 30 control subjects and 3 independent examiners. We used Pearson correlation coefficients to statistically analyze results. To compare our system with the House-Brackmann grading system, we measured facial motions of 24 patients randomly selected from our data bank. All had incomplete returns of facial function and facial defects associated with faulty regeneration of a partially denervated facial nerve. Our overall results show defects in the House-Brackmann system which should be addressed. We offer the Adour-Swanson grading system as a reliable, easy-to-use, suitable alternative to the House-Brackmann system.
Snake bites by the papuan taipan (Oxyuranus scutellatus canni): Paralysis, hemostatic and electrocardiographic abnormalities, and effects of antivenom; One hundred sixty-six patients with enzyme immunoassay-proven bites by taipans (Oxyuranus scutellatus canni) were studied in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. One hundred thirty-nine (84%) showed clinical evidence of envenoming: local signs were trivial, but most developed hemostatic disorders and neurotoxicity. The blood of 77% of the patients was incoagulable and 35% bled spontaneously, usually from the gums. Fifty-one per cent had microscopic hematuria. Neurotoxic signs (ptosis, ophthalmoplegia, bulbar paralysis, and peripheral muscular weakness) developed in 85%. Endotracheal intubation was required in 42% and mechanical ventilation in 37%. Electrocardiographic abnormalities (sinus bradycardia and septal T wave inversion) were found in 52% of a group of 69 unselected patients. Specific antivenom raised against Australian taipan venom was effective in stopping spontaneous systemic bleeding and restoring blood coagulability but, in most cases, it neither reversed nor prevented the evolution of paralysis even when given within a few hours of the bite. However, early antivenom treatment was associated statistically with decreased incidence and severity of neurotoxic signs. The low case fatality rate of 4.3% is attributable mainly to the use of mechanical ventilation, a technique rarely available in Papua New Guinea. Earlier use of increased doses of antivenoms of improved specificity might prove more effective.
Treatment of maxillofacial vascular malformation by arterial embolism and application of sclerosing agent; 30 cases of large cavernous and racemose hemangioma of the maxillofacial were treated selectively with arterial embolism of the tumor and inject Xiaozhiling into the tumor, from November 1990 to November 1993. This method has exact effect either to racemose or to cavernous hemangioma, without facial defect and functional damage. All the patients were followed up 6 months to 3 years. 27 cases were cured, 1 failed, 1 gave up treatment, 1 died of complication. Its mechanism, indications, prevention of complications and recurrence were discussed.
Acute transverse myelitis induced by Mycoplasma pneumonia infection; A twenty-six year old man was admitted for febrile atypical pneumoniae. Few hours later he presented an acute flaccid paraplegia with dorsal pain. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis showed a high leukocyte count with raised protein level. Neuroradiological examinations (myelography and MRI) were normal. Seric immunological disorders were reported. High complement-fixing antibody titers to Mycoplasma pneumoniae were found in the serum and in the CSF. The patient was treated with antibiotic and corticosteroids. He improved dramatically within one month. Neurological complications of Mycoplasma pneumoniae infections have been described (meningoencephalitis, meningitidis, polyradiculoneuropathies, cerebellar ataxia, cranial nerve palsies). Nineteen cases of transverse myelitis induced by Mycoplasma pneumoniae have been previously reported. Pathophysiological mechanisms of nervous system complications induced by Mycoplasma pneumoniae were discussed. Vascular mechanisms, direct invasion by the pathogen, toxinic, immunological causes were examined.
Symmetry and synkinesis during rehabilitation of unilateral facial paralysis; We evaluated biofeedback rehabilitation in patients with severe chronic unilateral facial paralysis, who had intact facial-motor innervation (House grades 3 to 5). Recovery of facial function was characterized (1) by grading facial movement symmetry, and (2) by counting the number of muscles exhibiting synkinesis during maximal execution of selected facial movements (e.g., smiling). Facial function in 21 patients typically improved by one House grade. Facial symmetry recovered rapidly during the first 5 months of treatment, and then improved more slowly. However, during this latter period, examination of the relationship between symmetry and synkinesis (visualized by a graph plotting symmetry grades on the x-axis, against the number of synkinetic muscles on the y-axis) indicated that overall facial control was improving even when House grading suggested that it was not. Such information should aid facial retraining and may clarify understanding of underlying rehabilitation mechanisms.
Minimizing synkinesis during rehabilitation of the paralyzed face: Preliminary assessment of a new small-movement therapy; Neuromuscular rehabilitation can reduce the severity of chronic facial paralysis, but complete recovery is frequently impeded by synkinesis. We evaluated whether or not such synkinesis could be minimized by preventing its possible reinforcement during rehabilitation. We compared 'standard' therapy, which uses the appearance of synkinesis to guide rehabilitation, with a new 'small-movement' therapy, which uses smaller movements that should minimize possible subthreshold reinforcement of synkinesis. Ten subjects who had had facial paralysis for 0.5 to 27 years were randomly assigned to either therapy group. Blinded assessments were performed before and after ten 1-hour treatments given over a 1-month interval. Facial movements in both groups were significantly more symmetric after treatment. Although synkinesis tended to be reduced in the small-movement group, this reduction was not significant. The new therapy was at least as good as the standard one, and it may be better. Further studies are required to demonstrate this.
Otitis media in developing countries; Objective. This article reviews the available information concerning the disease burden, epidemiology, and etiology of otitis media in developing countries and the likelihood that case management with appropriate antibiotic therapy can reduce the burden of this disease. Methodology. The available literature was reviewed to determine the extent to which otitis media impacts mortality and morbidity in developing countries. Epidemiology. In community studies, perforation was present in 0.4% to 33.3% of children and youth; otorrhea occurred in 0.4% to 6.1%; and mastoiditis occurred in 0.19% to 0.74%. In school surveys, perforation was identified in 1.3% to 6.24% of students, and otorrhea was found in 0.6% to 4.4%. Mastoiditis was diagnosed in 18% of children and youth who presented to a hospital ear, nose, and throat (ENT) clinic in Uganda. The proportion of patients presenting to ENT clinics with mastoiditis regardless of their initial symptoms varied from 1.7% to 5%. Patients presenting to these ENT clinics with mastoiditis often experience severe complications, including subperiosteal abscess, labyrinthitis, facial palsy, meningitis, and brain abscess. Hearing impairment was a major public health problem compromising the quality of life in approximately one third of the population of developing countries. Etiology. The pathogens isolated from ear aspirates in children with acute otitis media and chronic suppurative otitis (CSOM) carried out in developing countries are similar to those isolated in studies carried out in developed countries. Case Management. Historical data supports the effectiveness of antibiotic therapy in reducing the frequencies of mastoiditis and CSOM complicating acute otitis media. In addition, the introduction of primary care services targeted at otitis media for high-risk populations living in developed countries may have reduced the prevalence of mastoiditis and CSOM. However, it is not clear whether there is a causal relationship between these programs and the reduction because of the use of historical controls. Conclusions. International research organizations should support controlled intervention studies to document the impact of case management of otitis in developing countries. In addition, the efficacy of a conjugated pneumococcal vaccine to prevent otitis and its complications should be evaluated in a developing country site. Pending the results of studies, developing countries should develop primary care case management programs to diagnose and treat otitis and its associated complications.
Acoustic neurinomas associated with vascular compression syndromes; Trigeminal neuralgia and hemifacial spasm are caused by vascular compression of the cranial nerves at the brainstem in the majority of cases. Trigeminal neuralgia occurring in 3.3% of acoustic neurinomas is usually assumed to be a sign of large tumour size; if associated with small tumour size, an additional pathology, such as typical vascular compression must be suspected and has to be explored at surgery. While facial paresis will usually lead to immediate radiological diagnosis of a possible cerebellopontine angle (CPA) neoplasm, facial spasm is usually not expected to be associated with a CPA tumour. We report on clinical presentation, operative findings, surgical treatment and results in 9 cases of small acoustic neurinomas associated with trigeminal neuralgia and on 4 cases associated with hemifacial spasm. The importance of the clinical characteristics is stressed; if these are typical of a vascular compression syndrome, further exploration at the time of tumour surgery and specific treatment by vascular decompression are necessary.
Neurotologic treatment of acquired cholesteatoma; Although much has been written about the central nervous system infectious complications of otitis media, little has been written about intracranial extension of cholesteatoma in chronic otitis media. The records of 13 patients from the House Ear Clinic with chronic otitis media and cholesteatoma extending into the middle fossa and/or the posterior fossa are reviewed. Preoperatively, symptoms included hearing loss (100%), dizziness (61%), facial weakness (46%), and headache (31%). All 13 patients had previously undergone at least one mastoidectomy procedure for removal of cholesteatoma. The neurotologic approaches used included the middle fossa, translabyrinthine, and transcochlear operations. Eradication of cholesteatoma was accomplished with one neurotologic procedure, in 11 of 13 patients with two neurotologic procedures in one patient, and without surgery in one patient. Audiologic findings and facial nerve results are discussed.
Typical interhemispheric subdural haematomas and falx syndrome: Four cases and a review of the literature; Typical Interhemispheric Subdural Haematomas (ISDHs) are located along the whole interhemispheric fissure. In the four cases of our series, three of which surgically treated, and in the 29 cases reported in literature ISDH has been usually encountered in elderly age (mean age 56) in most of cases following head injury. Anticoagulant therapy was a favouring factor. The source of bleeding was never demonstrated at surgery, nevertheless some authors report a parafalcic bridging-veins laceration due to a brain linear acceleration during trauma, as cause. Clinically, immediate loss of consciousness was usually absent. Focal symptoms arose within 8-48 hours after trauma. In the majority of cases with ISDH, focal symptoms have been characterized by controlateral motor palsy with crural dominance as it has been observed in the 'falx syndrome'. Facial palsy was absent in all cases but one. Skull fractures were rare. On CT scan ISDH was shown as a spontaneously high density parafalcic area in a flat-convex lenticular shape. In the only case studied with MRI, the site where the ISDH emerged at brain convexity from the interhemispheric fissure, has been clearly localized by means of multiplanarity reconstructions, allowed us a target surgical approach. The majority of patients underwent surgery. The overall mortality rate was 24%: 14% among the 7 cases conservatively treated and 27% among the 26 operated ones. These last patients had a good recovery in 58% and an improvement in 15%. Surgical treatment must be prompt as much as possible because of the possible sudden worsening of patient clinical conditions. Craniotomy is the surgical treatment that achieved the best results, nevertheless in our opinion the additional data offered by MRI may repropose the use of target cranial burr holes.
A case of hepatic sarcoidosis associated with Heerfordt's syndrome; A 50-year-old woman with uveitis, fever, right peripheral facial palsy and swelling of bilateral parotid glands as initial manifestations was diagnosed as having Heerfordt's syndrome in 1989. She had palsies of other cranial nerves. After the administration of corticosteroids for about 4 years, alkaliphosphatase (ALP) began to increase gradually. There were multiple low density areas throughout the liver in the abdominal CT. The needle biopsy revealed epitheloid granulomas in the liver. The administration of 60 mg of prednisolone every other day, resulted in disappearance of the low density areas in the liver confirmed by CT and decrease in serum ACE and ALP levels. The hepatic sarcoidosis with liver dysfunction is uncommon in Japan.
Cheilitis granulomatosa; Cheilitis granulomatosa is a rare disease of unknown origin that was described by Miescher in 1945. The condition produces persistent swelling of lip and we see nonnecrotizing granulomatous inflammation histologically. We report a 64-years-old man with cheilitis granulomatosa since one year ago; he was treated with dapsone that stabilized the process. The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome includes recurrent orofacial edema, recurrent facial nerve palsy and lingua plicata, although complete triad is only present in 25% of patients. Orofacial involvement is the dominant feature. Treatment is difficult; the most therapeutic regimens include corticosteroid therapy, either systemic or intralesional, clofazimine, hydroxychloroquine, surgical reduction, irradiation, antibiotics, salazosulfapyridine, danazol... all of them with temporal benefit.
Ramsay Hunt's syndrome associated with multiple cranial nerve involvement; a case report; A 41-year-old male visited our out-patient clinic complaining of the sudden onset of multiple symptoms including left facial palsy, severe otalgia with periauricular vesicles, hearing impairment, vertigo, and hoarseness. A tentative diagnosis of herpes zoster oticus associated with multiple cranial nerve involvement was made and the patient was hospitalized for further examination and treatment. Physical examination and detailed laboratory studies demonstrated that the patient had paralyses of the 5th and 7th through 10th cranial nerves on the left side, which were diagnosed as polyneuritis caused by varicella-zoster virus infection (Ramsay Hunt's syndrome). The patient was treated initially with an anti-viral agent (Acyclovir), then followed by steroid therapy together with other empirical treatment. His 5th, 7th, and 9th cranial nerve function was successfully restored but no recovery was noted in his left hearing which remained almost totally deaf. His dysequilibrium and hoarseness gradually improved despite the fact that his abolished vestibular response and vocal cord paralysis remained unchanged.
Lyme borreliosis in pediatric neurology; Since detection of the etiologic agent of Lyme borreliosis a wide spectrum is known to be caused by Borrelia burgdorferi (Bb) including acute, subacute, or chronic central nervous system (CNS) manifestations. In view of the difficulties in interpreting serological results the early diagnosis of Lyme borreliosis sometimes may be problematic. Our own observations in children which suffered from an acute neuroborreliosis (NB) showed the following: 1) Culturing of Bb from cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) seems successful particularly in the early phase of the disease. 2) A positive serum antibody titer cannot confirm, and a negative one cannot exclude a recent NB. 3) Indeed, there is a seronegative NB also in children. 4) A peripheral facial palsy without clinical evidence of meningitis can be the first manifestation of the disease. Thus, in any case of peripheral facial palsy even without clinical evidence of meningitis a lumbar puncture has to be done in order to confirm or exclude a CNS infection.
Simultaneous bilateral facial paralysis; Simultaneous bilateral facial paralysis (SBFP) is very rare, but it can present itself as the first complaint in a wide spectrum of diseases and a comprehensive evaluation must be completed. Bilateral Bell's Palsy can be diagnosed only when all other possible causes have been excluded. The prognosis and treatment for SBFP is dependent upon the underlying etiology. We present four cases of SBFP seen in our department which were finally diagnosed as leukemic infiltration, sarcoidosis, Bell's Palsy and demyelinating polyneuropathy (probably Guillain-Barré syndrome). The most important etiologies of the SBFP and the management of this entity are discussed.
Neurinoma of the primary facial nerve; Facial nerve neurinomas are unusual tumors which originate fin the Schwann cells of the nerve sheath. Diagnosis of these tumors has improved in the last years due to radiological and clinical advances. Here presented is a case study of a patient with neurinoma of the primary facial nerve which clinically manifested itself as a recurrent facial paralysis. A high resolution T-C scan was sufficient for tumour identification, treatment consisted in a middle fossa approach and tumour removal followed by hypoglossa-facial anastomosis.
Free vascularized double muscle transplantation for the treatment of facial paralysis; Two cases of free neurovascular double muscle transplantation for facial paralysis are reported, with detailed descriptions of the operative technique and follow-up study. The latissimus dorsi muscle segment is placed between the nasolabial fold and the zygoma to substitute for the zygomatic and levator labii muscles, while the serratus anterior muscle segment is placed between the lower lip and the mandibular margin to substitute for the depressor labii muscles. The thoracodorsal nerve is sutured to the stump of the cross-face nerve graft, and the lateral thoracic nerve is sutured to a part of the hypoglossal nerve. The procedure is able to restore a relatively symmetrical smile, especially in patients with a full denture smile. The satisfactory results of this procedure are expected to lead to new prospects in the treatment of facial paralysis.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a triad of recurrent orofacial swelling, relapsing facial paralysis, and fissured tongue. However, the classic triad is not frequently seen in its complete form. Monosymptomatic and oligosymptomatic forms are more common. The histological findings of sarcoid- like granuloma in skin or mucosal biopsy specimens support the diagnosis. The course is chronic but benign. Treatment is difficult, but intralesional or systemic corticosteroids may be helpful.
A case of facial diplegia is associated with reactivation of herpes simplex virus type I; A 27-year-old Japanese man developed right peripheral facial palsy after suffering from a cold and low-grade fever for 7 days. Left peripheral palsy developed 4 days later. When he visited our hospital 3 days after that, neurological examination revealed no abnormalities except peripheral facial diplegia. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) was normal on admission and on hospital day 12. On admission, the patient had a transient increase of serum titers of HSV type I IgM (fluorescence assay). Then serum titers of HSV type I IgG (ELISA) continuously increased. A diagnosis of peripheral facial diplegia due to reactivation of HSV type I was made clinically and serologically. Steroid pulse therapy was performed and his facial diplegia disappeared completely after 2 weeks. This case may support the hypothesis of virus etiology of Bell's palsy, and HSV type I should be considered as one of the possible causes of facial diplegia.
Malignant epithelial parotid tumours: A rational treatment policy; Formal parotidectomy was undertaken in 271 patients by one surgeon over 11 years. Forty patients were treated for malignant salivary tumours (nine were recurrent). Low-grade tumours (45 per cent) were treated by surgery alone, untreated high-grade tumours (55 per cent) by surgery and radiotherapy, before or after operation, depending on clinical findings. The aims of surgery were to obtain tumour clearance, to preserve the facial nerve if possible, and to perform radical neck dissection for palpable malignant lymphadenopathy proven cytologically and for high-grade tumours when intraoperative jugulodigastric lymph node biopsy confirmed metastasis. Four patients sustained facial weakness as a result of surgery. At a median of 46 months follow-up two patients had developed local recurrence. Eleven patients with high-grade but none with low-grade tumours died from metastases. Patients with high-grade lesions with facial weakness from malignant infiltration and those with lymphatic metastasis have a significantly worse prognosis than those without. Locoregional control of parotid cancers can be achieved by formal parotidectomy and selective irradiation without routine sacrifice of the facial nerve.
Juvenile myasthenia gravis with predominant facial weakness in a 7-year-old boy; Myasthenia gravis is the most prevalent of the diseases of the neuromuscular junction in children. The most common clinical finding is ptosis, although ophthalmoplegia and facial weakness are commonly present. This paper reports juvenile myasthenia gravis in a 7-year-old boy with predominant facial muscle weakness without ophthalmoplegia and ptosis. This was detected post-operatively after adenotonsillectomy, as there was severe respiratory distress. Prompt diagnosis and treatment was life saving. A CT scan of the chest revealed thymoma. After the surgical removal of the thymoma, the child has been followed up for a year and is asymptomatic.
The patient's perspective after vestibular Schwannoma removal: Quality of life and implications for management; A postal survey was conducted, using a standardized quality of life questionnaire, of patients who had undergone surgery for removal of vestibular schwannoma between 1981 and 1992. Of 257 questionnaires, 227 (88%) were returned completed. The questionnaire was based on the European Organisation for Research into the Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) core questionnaire. A series of-five functional gradings were used to assess the quality of life, and specific questions were also asked. The results were numerically scored and have been correlated with patient and tumor characteristics. There was a significant difference (p = .0001) between the subjective functionaI outcome for small and i ntracanal icular tumors when compared with tumors larger than 1.5 cm maximum diameter. However, there was no significant difference when tumors 1.5 to 2.5 cm in diameter were compared to larger tumors. Poor functional outcome did not correlate with the age of the patient, position in the series, or postoperative facial nerve motor function. There also was no significant difference when younger patients (age < 65 yr) were compared with older patients (age 65-76 yr). In general, the quality of life following vestibular schwannoma surgery was excellent. Patients with a poor functional outcome were evenly distributed over the medium and large tumor size groups, and patients with small tumors (< 1.5 cm) had a significantly better outcome.
Predisposing risk factors and natural history of acute neurologic complications of left-sided cardiac catheterization; The reported incidence of acute neurologic complications of left heart catheterization varies from 0.03% to 0.3%. The predisposing risk factors, clinical features, and natural history have not been well characterized. We retrospectively reviewed all cases of acute neurologic complications developing during or within 36 hours of diagnostic catheterization or angioplasty to determine the incidence, clinical features, and natural history, and (using a case-control methodology) the clinical variables associated with their development. During the 37-month study, 6,465 patients underwent diagnostic left-sided cardiac catheterization and balloon angioplasty or valvuloplasty, and 27 patients developed an acute neurologic complication (0.4%). The most common symptoms were visual disturbances (26%), hemiparesis (26%), and facial droop (26%). Deficits were localizable to the anterior or posterior circulation in 22 patients: posterior in 8 (36%), and anterior in 14 (64%). Long-term follow-up was available in all patients, with 17 of 27 (63%) having complete resolution with no residuum. With use of a case-control methodology and multiple logistic regression analysis, female gender, the presence of left ventricular hypertrophy, depressed ejection fraction, and the presence of ≥2 coronary arteries with >50% narrowing were independent predictors of a neurologic event.
Outcome and time course of recovery in stroke. Part I: Outcome. The Copenhagen stroke study; Objective: To evaluate the outcome of stroke stratified according to both initial stroke severity and initial level of disability. Design: Prospective, consecutive, and community based. Setting: A stroke unit of a hospital in Denmark. This setting receives all acute stroke patients admitted from a well-defined catchment area of 239,886 inhabitants within the City of Copenhagen. Acute treatment as well as all stages of rehabilitation are cared for within the stroke unit regardless of age, stroke severity, and premorbid condition. Patients: 1197 patients with acute stroke. Main Outcome Measures: Primary outcome was measured as death, discharge to nursing home, or to own home. Secondary outcome was measured as neurological deficits and functional disabilities after completed rehabilitation and again 6 months after stroke onset, using the Scandinavian Neurological Stroke Scale and the Barthel Index. Results: Stroke was initially very severe in 223 (19%) of the patients, severe in 171 (14%), moderate in 316 (26%), and mild in 487 (41%) patients. Two hundred and fifty (21%) patients died during hospital stay, 177 (15%) were discharged to nursing home, and 770 (64%) patients were discharged to their own home. After completed rehabilitation, 11% of survivors still had severe or very severe neurological deficits, 11% had moderate deficits, and 78% had no or only mild deficits; 20% were severely or very severely disabled, 8% were moderately disabled, 26% were mildly disabled, and 46% had no disability in activities of daily living. Detailed information on outcome stratified according to initial stroke severity/disability also is presented. Conclusions: This study provides a thorough description of the needs for stroke rehabilitation in the community and the amount of postrehabilitation disability in stroke survivors. For outcome prediction, the results can be used as a reliable tool for prognostication of the chances (or risks) of various outcomes in patients characterized by initial degree of stroke severity and/or functional disability using simple, reliable scores in the acute phase of stroke. However, the results should not be used as a guideline for selecting patients for rehabilitation in the acute phase because even the mast severe cases regularly experience meaningful improvement during rehabilitation.
Outcome and time course of recovery in stroke. Part II: Time course of recovery. The Copenhagen Stroke Study; Objective: To determine the time course of both neurological and functional recovery from stroke. Design: Prospective, consecutive, and community based. Setting: The stroke unit of a hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark. This setting receives all acute stroke patients admitted from a well-defined catchment area of 239,886 inhabitants within the city of Copenhagen. Acute treatment as well as all stages of rehabilitation are cared for within the stroke unit regardless of age, stroke severity, and premorbid condition. Patients: 1,197 patients with acute stroke. Main Outcome Measures: Weekly examinations of neurological deficits (using the Scandinavian Neurological Stroke Scale) and functional disabilities (Activity of Daily living (ADL) measured by the Barthel index) were performed from the time of acute admission to the end of rehabilitation. These evaluations were repeated 6 months poststroke. Time course of recovery was stratified according to initial stroke severity and disability. Results: Functional recovery was completed within 12.5 weeks (95% confidence interval (CI) 11.6 to 13.4) from stroke onset in 95% of the patients. However, 80% of the patients had reached their best ADL function within 6 weeks (CI 5.3 to 6.7) from onset. The time course of functional recovery was strongly related to initial stroke severity. Best ADL function was reached within 8.5 weeks (CI 8 to 9) in patients with initially mild strokes, within 13 weeks (CI 12 to 14) in patients with moderate strokes, within 17 weeks (CI 15 to 19) in patients with severe strokes, and within 20 weeks (CI 16 to 24) in patients with very severe strokes. After these time-points, no significant changes occurred. However, a valid prognosis of functional outcome can be made much earlier. Best ADL function was reached by 80% of the patients with initially mild strokes within 3 weeks (CI 2.6 to 3.4), within 7 weeks (CI 6 to 8) of the patients with moderate strokes, and within 11.5 weeks (CI 10 to 13) of the patients with severe and very severe strokes. The time course of neurological recovery followed a pattern similar to that of functional recovery, but preceeded functional recovery by 2 weeks on average. Conclusions: A reliable prognosis can in all stroke patients be made within 12 weeks from stroke onset. Even in patients with severe and very severe strokes, neurological and functional recovery should not be expected after the first 5 months.
A 74-year-old man with urinary incontinence, right leg weakness and multiple cranial nerve palsies; We report a 74-year-old man with a lung cancer, who developed right leg weakness, neurogenic bladder, and multiple cranial nerve palsies. The patient was well until December of 1992, when he was 74 year-old, when he noted transient double vision; in February of 1993, he noted numb sensation and weakness in his right leg. Later in the same month, he developed overflow incontinence of urine and weakness in his right face. He also noted deafness in his left ear (he had a marked loss of bearing in his right ear since childhood because of otitis media). His weakness in his right leg had progressed, and he was admitted to our service on March 19, 1993. On admission, he was afebrile and BP was 130/50 mmHg. General physical examination was unremarkable. On neurologic examination, he was alert and oriented to all spheres; no dementia was noted nor were detected aphasia, apraxia, and agnosia. His optic fundi were unremarkable; ocular movement appeared normal, however, he complained of diplopia in far vision. Sensation of the face was intact. He had right facial palsy of peripheral type; he was unable to close his right eye, and Bell's phenomenon was observed on attempted eye closure. On the left side, he had facial spasm. He had marked bilateral deafness. He had no dysarthria or dysphagia. The remaining of the cranial nerves were intact. Motor wise, he was unable to stand or walk alone; weakness did not appear to account for his difficulty in gait; manual muscle testing revealed 4/5 weakness in his tibialis anterior muscle, 1/5 in the peroneus longus, 0/5 in his extensor hallucis longus and extensor digitorum longus, all on the right side. Brachioradial and quadriceps femoris reflexes were increased to 3/4; plantar response was equivocal on the right side, and flexor on the left. Sensory examination revealed loss of touch and pain sensation in the 1.5 and S1 distributions in his right leg; vibration and position sensations were also diminished in his right foot. He had overflow urinary incontinence with loss of bladder sensation. Marked nuchal stiffness was noted, however, no Kernig's sign or eye ball tenderness was present. Pertinent laboratory findings were as follows: WBC 8,100/μl, Ht 42.5%, platelet 326,000/μl, TP 6.8 g/dl. BUN 16 mg/dl, creatinine 0.54 mg/dl, glucose 95 mg/dl. Na 136 mEq/l, K 4.4 mEq/l, Cl 100 mEq/l; liver profile was normal; CEA 436.6 ng/ml, CA19 93 U/ml; urinalysis was normal. CSF was under a reduced pressure (55 mm H2O) containing 27 cells (most of them were lymphocytes but some atypical cells were also observed), 305 mg/dl of protein, and 19 mg/dl of glucose. A chest X ray revealed a 5 cm diameter mass lesion in the right upper lung field; bony erosion was noted in the nearby ribs. The pedicles in the T3 to T5 vertebrae were eroded. Myelography revealed an extradural filling defect in this region without causing spinal block. A cranial CT scan as well as MRI were unremarkable. He was treated with intrathecal methotrexate injection as well as intraventricular methotrexate through an Ommaya reservoir. He developed pancytopenia in the end of May, and methotrexate was discontinued. His remaining course was complicated by progressive respiratory failure, and he expired on May 31 of 1993. The patient was discussed in a neurological CPC, and the chief discussant arrived at the conclusion that the patient had adenocarcinoma in the lung metastasizing to the upper thoracic vertebrae causing spinal cord compression and meningeal carcinomatosis; the right leg weakness and atonic bladder were thought to be due to infiltration of tumor cells along the roots. Regarding the acoustic nerve involvement, the discussion thought it might well have been due to lymphogenous metastasis through the cochlear duct, as the latter is an extraneuronal lymphatic system; this may be the reason why the eighth cranial nerve lesions are so common meningeal carcinomatosis. Post mortem examination revealed scattered tumor cells in the right upper lobe; histological finding was consistent with adenocarcinoma. Hematogenous metastases were found in bilateral adrenal glands. Metastatic lesions were found in the upper thoracic vertebrae including the third to fifth thoracic bodies; tumor cells were infiltrating the dura in that region. Tumor cells were also infiltrating the posterior roots in the lumbar region. The external appearance of the brain was unremarkable including the base of the skull; no mass lesions were found. Upon microscopic examination, adenocarcinoma cells were infiltrating parts of the cerebral as well as cerebellar surfaces, however, no tumor cells were found in the brain stem. In summary, although this patient developed multiple cranial nerve palsies, no clear metastases were found in those areas. It seems possible that tumor cells had disappeared after methotrexate chemotherapy; metastases to more peripheral parts of the cranial nerves are the other possibilities.
Early disseminated Lyme disease: Lyme meningitis; Lyme meningitis is the direct result of invasion of the nervous system by Borrelia burgdorferi. Occurring within the first few months of infection, it initially presents as a chronic basilar meningitis. Much about the pathogenesis of Lyme meningitis has been learned from animal models, the best being the adult Rhesus macaque. Injection of these animals with a highly infective strain of B. burgdorferi has led to a very predictable course of events: erythema migrans within the first few weeks after injection, development of anti-B. burgdorferi antibody, detection of spirochetemia in weeks 3 and 4, and central nervous system (CNS) invasion within 1 month with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) pleocytosis. In humans, facial palsy is the earliest clinical indicator. Headache and meningismus are symptoms of inflammation of the subarachnoid space. Severe fatigue and arthralgia are common extra-CNS symptoms. Culture is not generally useful for detecting or confirming Lyme meningitis. False-positive serologic tests may occur in patients with other infections, inflammatory processes, or malignancies. Immunoblotting will differentiate true-from false-positive antibody reactivity. Lack of a consistently positive serum antibody titer should make the diagnosis of Lyme meningitis suspect. Positive CSF antibody is almost universal in patients with Lyme meningitis. Polymerase chain reaction is a direct test that is highly specific and sensitive. The antibiotic treatment of choice is intravenous (IV) cephalosporins or penicillin for 2-3 weeks. If the clinical picture is anything less than absolutely classic, a lumbar puncture and Western blot of serum should be obtained in a seropositive patient before initiating intravenous antibiotic therapy. There is no role at this time for long-term (>1 month) intravenous antibiotics. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents can also be of benefit.
Ocular manifestations of Lyme disease; Although ocular manifestations of Lyme disease have long been noted, they remain a rare feature of the disease. The spirochete invades the eye early and remains dormant, accounting for both early and late ocular manifestations. A nonspecific follicular conjunctivitis occurs in approximately 10% of patients with early Lyme disease. Keratitis occurs often within a few months of onset of disease and is characterized by nummular nonstaining opacities. Inflammatory syndromes, such as vitritis and uveitis, have been reported; in some cases, a vitreous tap is required for diagnosis. Neuro-ophthalmic manifestations include neuroretinitis, involvement of multiple cranial nerves, optic atrophy, and disc edema. Seventh nerve paresis can lead to neurotrophic keratitis. In endemic areas, Lyme disease may be responsible for approximately 25% of new-onset Bell's palsy. Criteria for establishing that eye findings can be attributed to Lyme disease include the lack of evidence of other disease, other clinical findings consistent with Lyme disease, occurrence in patients living in an endemic area, positive serology, and, in most cases, response to treatment. Management of ocular manifestations often requires intravenous therapy.
Clinical and serologic features of Lyme borreliosis in Russia; Objective. To describe clinical and serologic features of Lyme borreliosis, particularly the joint abnormalities, in Russian patients. Methods. Physicians were invited to refer patients with past or present erythema migrans to the Rheumatology Institute in Moscow; field studies were done of residents in an area endemic for Lyme borreliosis, and a serosurvey was conducted of patients with nonspecific neurologic, cardiac, or joint symptoms. Serologic testing was done by ELISA and Western blotting using a strain of Borrelia afzelii, a member of the B. burgdorferi sensu late complex, recovered from ticks from the field study site. Results. Of 86 patients with erythema migrans, neurologic abnormalities developed in 26 (30%), cardiac involvement in 5 (6%), arthritis or arthralgia in 35 (41%), and acrodermatitis in 2 (2%). Joint involvement was usually characterized by one or a few brief episodes of joint swelling or pain in one large joint at a time. However, 69 of the 86 patients (80%) received antibiotic therapy early in the infection. The majority of patients with active infection had elevated levels of IgM or IgG antibody to B, afzelii by ELISA, and those with late infection often had IgG reactivity with ≥ 5 spirochetal proteins, particularly the 37, 39, 41, 60, and 93 kDa antigens. In a serosurvey of 75 patients with facial palsy, atrioventricular block, or arthritis or arthralgia of uncertain cause, 6 had IgG reactivity with ≥ 5 spirochetal proteins. Conclusion. Lyme borreliosis in Russia is similar to that in other parts of Europe. Brief episodes of arthritis or arthralgia were a common feature of the illness.
Hypoglosso-facial nerve anastomosis; The hypoglosso-facial nerve anastomosis (HFA) is a valuable surgical procedure for the treatment of certain types of facial paralysis. HFA was performed 1 to 22 months after resection of an acoustic neurinoma in 32 patients where the operation was complicated by unilateral facial palsy. 56% of these patients obtained excellent Facial function, and a total of 66% were satisfied and would have repeated the operation even with their present knowledge about the disadvantages. The recovery of facial function after any nerve anastomosis or plastic procedure is never perfect but HFA usually results in symmetry of the face in response and animation of the face during conversation. HFA is most effective when used as soon as possible after facial palsy has developed, provided a sufficient time has passed for any possible spontaneous recovery. This waiting period should not exceed six months. If the operation is done promptly the results improve, probably because only slight atrophy has occurred in the facial muscles. The disadvantages of HFA are hemiatrophy of the tongue, mass movement of the face and, in some instances, hypertonia of the face. The advantages are improved facial tone with ameliorated cosmetic result, protection of the eye, intentional facial movements controlled by the tongue, and movements associated with physiological Function of the tongue.
Detection of mycobacterial DNA in a patient with neurosarcoidosis; A 70-year-old woman with bilateral facial palsy and vestibular loss caused by histologically proven sarcoidosis showed decreasing amounts of M. tuberculosis DNA in CSF under antituberculous treatment accompanied by clinical improvement, suggesting a role of mycobacteria in the pathogenesis of sarcoidosis.
Cerebral malaria in children; A retrospective chart review for the 1993 calendar year identified 187 children with cerebral malaria admitted to a large teaching hospital in central Ghana, West Africa. The most common clinical presentation was fever, sensorial depression and convulsions in young children experiencing their first episode of malaria. One-half had splenomegaly. Additional features, seen in decreasing frequency, were hepatomegaly, vomiting, abdominal pain and headache. Long term sequelae were identified in 9% and mortality in 6%. Risk factors for central nervous system disease were negative history for previous malaria (P < 0.005) and a high percentage of parasitemia (P < 0.001). Death or long term sequelae were associated with multiple seizures and prolonged sensorial depression. The incidence of malaria is currently increasing in Western Africa and young children are more likely than older children to develop severe disease.
Functional and histological evaluation of the facial nerve in patients who have undergone hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis after removal of cerebellopontine angle tumors; Facial nerve specimens removed from ten patients who underwent hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis for facial palsy following removal of cerebellopontine angle tumors were studied histologically. Facial nerve function prior to the anastomosis surgery and the degree of postoperative functional recovery were compared with the histological results. The recovery of facial palsy after the anastomosis surgery was excellent or satisfactory in nine patients and the endoneurium within the nerve fascicles was well-preserved. The recovery of facial palsy was poor in one patient who had severe fibrosis of the endoneurium. The histological and ultrastructural features of the facial nerve were closely related to the occurrence of facial palsy prior to tumor removal, the status of the nerve after tumor removal, and the interval between tumor removal and anastomosis surgery. Based on these histological and functional relationships, the timing and indications for anastomosis surgery are discussed.
Rehabilitation of long term facial paralysis; A wide variety or techniques have been developed over the years in an effort to reduce the devastating impact of facial paralysis on the patient. The authors choose to perform hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis when facial nerve anastomosis, or cross-over, or microvascular muscle transplantation are impossible. Nevertheless, these results appear always insufficient for palpebral occlusion. The authors propose to associate two rehabilitation technique to obtain optimal results. They perform hypoglossal facial nerve anastomosis using the technique modified by U. Fisch, and they associate temporal muscular transfer to improve ocular protection. This association imposes an increased strain on the patient in an effort to undertake double re-education which modifies twice his classic corporeal scheme. The surgical technique are associated after evaluation of the possibility of the patient adherence to the long duration physical therapy.
Benign parotid adenomas: A review of the Princess Margaret Hospital experience; Background. The morbidity of treating benign parotid tumors is an important issue because the majority of patients are young. We therefore undertook this study to evaluate the outcome for these patients treated at the Princess Margaret Hospital. Methods. A retrospective review was conducted on all patients registered with benign parotid tumors between 1970 and 1987. Results. Seventy-six patients were included in this review; postoperative radiotherapy (XRT) was administered to 55 patients. Median follow-up time was 12.5 years. Postoperative XRT was particularly important for patients with recurrent disease. The risk of both temporary and permanent facial nerve paralyses increased with each operation. No patients in this study developed a malignancy. Conclusions. We recommend that all patients with benign parotid tumors be treated with a complete parotidectomy with preservation of the facial nerve. Consideration to postoperative XRT should be given to patients in whom there was tumor spillage, residual disease, or recurrences.
Is Bell's palsy a reactivation of varicella zoster virus?; Despite various pointers to an infectious aetiology, the cause of Bell's palsy remains obscure. We examined paired sera from 62 patients with facial palsy and 50 age and sex matched contemporaneous controls. Significantly more patients than controls had IgM antibodies by ELISA to varicella tester virus (56.5% vs. 20%, P = 0.0001) and herpes simplex virus (41.9% vs. 18%, P = 0006). Additionally significantly more patients than controls were positive for CF antibody to varicella tester virus (14.5% vs. 0%, P = 0.004) but not to herpes simplex or cytomegalovirus. Significantly more controls than patients (54% vs. 25.8%, P = 0.002) had no evidence of antigenic stimulation by any member of the herpesvirus group. No significant difference between patients and controls in seropositivity by IgM ELISA to cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus and IFA for human herpes virus 6 was found. Furthermore, there was no significant difference between the two groups as to evidence of recent infection by the following agents: rubella virus and Borrelia burgdorferi by IgM ELISA, influenza A, influenza B, adenovirus, respiratory syncytial virus, mumps and measles. Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Coxiella burnetii and chlamydin spp, by complement fixation test. The first reported case of clinically and serologically proven Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia associated with Bell's palsy is described. The rate of complete recovery at 6-8 weeks after onset was not significantly different in patients who were given steroids compared to those who were not. Ear related symptoms were the most common, occurring in 12 of 65 cases, but only three (4.6%) had clinical shingles (vesicles in ear). The above data suggest that as in Ramsay Hunt syndrome, reactivation of varicella tester virus may constitute the 'final common pathway' in the pathogenesis of Bell's palsy and that the latter is in effect a manifestation of tester sine herpete. Further studies are needed to determine the pathogenesis of facial nerve damage as well as the benefit, if any, of early acyclovir therapy on the course and outcome of Bell's palsy.
Assessing physiotherapy rehabilitation outcomes following facial nerve paralysis; The effect of physiotherapy on patients after 12 months had elapsed following facial nerve paralysis was analysed using objective and subjective measurements. The analysis of objective scores of synkinesis, tone, and movement grading, as well as self report measures, supports the benefits of physiotherapy for these patients. The House-Brackmann grades, however, do not reflect these findings. A more refined objective measurement tool is required to assess facial nerve paralysis.
Malignant otitis externa - A report of 7 cases; Malignant otitis externa is an invasive, pseudomonal infection involving the petrous temporal bone, mastoid and skull base. We present 7 cases in order to highlight the continuing difficulty in diagnosis and subsequent late presentations. Three of our patients had facial nerve palsy and 2 patients had gross skull base erosion on CT scan but, surprisingly, did not present with cranial neuropathies. They died after an extended period of treatment, reflecting the advanced nature of their disease. Two of the patients with facial nerve palsy regained complete facial function and the third patient is still recovering. isolated facial nerve palsy does not appear to be as sinister as was once thought, provided treatment is appropriate. However, the mortality associated with skull base osteomyelitis and erosion remains high. Each patient here presented had a risk factor for getting this disease. An increased awareness of such a condition, followed by prompt diagnosis and treatment, cannot be over-emphasized in order to avoid later presentation with complications.
A simple procedure for the passive suspension of the paralyzed labial commissure; Different techniques can be used to repair paralytic labial commissurae. Ideally, microsurgical procedures or dynamic suspension methods can correct kinetic paralysis but in certain patients (elderly subjects, poor general health, precarious postsurgical rehabilitation) such procedures may represent an excessively aggressive procedure. We therefore used static suspension of the paralytic labial commissurae based on desepidermization of a nasogeneal flap. This simple technique is easy to perform and is our method of choice for static suspension because the flap pulls the paralysed commissurae upward and doubles the tissue cover, helping overcome buccinator incompetence.
Gunshot wounds of the temporal bone: A rational approach to evaluation and management; Gunshot injuries of the temporal bone are uncommon but are being seen more frequently with the increasing incidence of violent crimes and use of firearms. A retrospective analysis of 43 consecutive patients treated at our institution with this injury was undertaken to determine the clinical symptoms, associated injuries, and treatment outcome. This is the largest series from a single institution treated by a single group during a brief period of time. Most of these patients had injury to various structures within and around the temporal bone, including hearing loss (29), intracranial injury (23), facial nerve injury (22), vascular injury (14), and mandible fracture (6). Ocular trauma and paralysis of cranial nerves V and IX, X, XI, and XII were rare occurrences. A rational approach to the evaluation and management of these injuries will be discussed in detail to optimize outcome.
Cerebrospinal fluid fistula: The identification and management in pediatric temporal bone fractures; Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) fistula represents a potentially lethal complication and requires a high index of suspicion to make the diagnosis. A 12-year retrospective study of pediatric basilar skull fractures identified 147 patients with temporal bone fractures, of which 37 patients exhibited evidence of CSF fistula. The diagnosis is made from a combination of clinical, radiographic, and chemical evaluation. The evolution of diagnostic techniques are reviewed, and the more recent and sensitive tests, such as beta-2 transferrin, are emphasized. Treatment of CSF fistula is nonsurgical in most cases. Surgical exploration and mastoid obliteration were required in two patients, and the indications for surgical treatment are explored. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis is controversial and not routinely indicated.
Granulomatous glossitis as an unusual manifestation of Melkersson- Rosenthal syndrome; The case of a 59-year-old man with granulomatous glossitis is presented. The patient complained of increasing swelling of his tongue for years and a recent onset of perioral edema. Because of sarcoid-like granulomas found in a first lingual biopsy specimen, the disease was initially misdiagnosed as a localized form of sarcoidosis. A second biopsy specimen from the tongue revealed lymphonodular-plasmocytic granuloma-like infiltrates, which, in connection with the labial swelling, led to the diagnosis of Schuermann's glossitis granulomatosa as a peculiar manifestation of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The surface of the tongue showed deep furrows characteristic of lingua plicata. However, no history or signs of facial or trigeminal nerve paralysis were present; thus the patient did not show the complete triad of symptoms typical of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. After treatment with clofazimine the perioral and lingual swelling disappeared within two weeks. Recurrences have been suppressed with a reduced maintenance dosage of this agent.
A case of facial paralysis concomitant with HIV infection; A 23-year-old female with hemophilia B became positive HIV by repeated administration of platelet factor 9. Left facial palsy developed suddenly without any other neurological signs and was incomplete graded as 24/40 point. The facial palsy gradually improved and completely healed within eight weeks. Gadolinium enhancement was manifested in the left geniculate ganglion by MRI. Additionally, herpes simplex and cytomegalo virus antibody titers changed between acute and convalescent phase. A geniculate ganglionitis induced by this virus was speculated as a cause of facial palsy, complicating with immunodeficiency, even though a possibility of direct infection of HIV itself could not be denied.
Temporal bone fractures; The diagnosis and monitoring of patients presenting to an emergency department with blunt temporal bone fracture and complications requiting acute management were reviewed for a four-month period. Of 104 trauma patients with closed head injury, 15 patients were diagnosed with temporal bone fracture, 12 of whom survived their injuries. Four patients developed cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) otorrhea and two patients developed facial nerve paralysis; all patients had resolution of complications with conservative management. Significant shortcomings in the initial evaluation and monitoring of patients with temporal hone fracture were identified. Specific and thorough facial nerve examinations were not initially conducted on temporal bone fracture patients and subsequent inpatient monitoring for facial nerve paralysis and CSF otorrhea was incomplete. The outcome of temporal bone fracture is discussed. This article reminds the emergency physician of the importance of initial diagnosis and documentation of temporal bone fractures.
Management and outcome of severe Guillain-Barre syndrome; Seventy-nine patients with Guillain-Barre syndrome admitted to a neurological intensive therapy unit (ITU) between 1985 and 1992 were studied retrospectively. The mean age was 49.8 years (range 16-86) and the time between the first neurological symptom and admission to ITU was 10.2 days (0-62). Admission was precipitated by a combination of respiratory failure requiring ventilatory support (73.4%), bulbar weakness (57.0%), autonomic features (11.4%) and general medical factors (10.1%). Specific treatments included plasma exchange (65.8%), intravenous immunoglobulin (13.9%) and methylprednisolone/placebo (12.7%). Significant complications included lower respiratory tract infections (45.6%), hyponatraemia (25.3%), dysautonomia (19.0%), urinary tract infection (12.7%) and cognitive disturbances (8.9%). Four patients (5.1%) died during acute illness. Duration of nadir correlated with duration of ventilation, duration of ITU stay and outcomes at 3 months, 6 months and 1 year. However, time to nadir, an indicator of rapidity of deterioration, did not correlate with any outcome. The low mortality in this series of acutely ill and severely disabled patients suggests that specialized intensive therapy units continue to have an important role in the management of acutely ill patients and Guillain-Barre syndrome.
Cranial nerve palsies and cerebral infarction in a young infant with meningococcal meningitis; A previously healthy 30-day-old male infant became ill with fever, poor activity, and refusal to feed for 2 days. A cerebrospinal fluid examination revealed 7.15 x 108 leukocytes/l with 72% neutrophils, protein 4.6g/l, and glucose 7 mg/dl. Neisseria meningitidis was isolated from the blood and cerebrospinal fluid. On the fourth day of hospitalization, the baby was found to have left oculomotor and facial palsies, which resolved gradually. He was treated with intravenous penicillin for 2 weeks. A repeat CSF examination revealed a high persisting protein level of 2.9 g/l and a computerized tomographic brain scan revealed a cerebral infarction in the bilateral frontal lobes. The treatment was extended to 4 weeks. No relapse of the infection was noted. This is the first case report of an infant with meningococcal meningitis complicated by cranial nerve palsies and cerebral infarction. This and previous reports, show that meningococcal meningitis at an extremely young age is associated with a greater risk of developing neurological complications.
Otologic Wegener's granulomatosis in middle ear; a report of two cases; A 24-year-old woman and a 45-year-old man complained of bilateral otalgia, hearing loss, low grade fever and headache. They had been treated with myringotomy and antibiotics because the initial diagnosis was acute otitis media with effusion. However, their hearing impairment progressed gradually, and the first patient developed facial palsy and saddle nose. Although the histopathologic appearance of the granulation tissue in the tympanic cavity was not specific, the elevated Creactive protein (CRP) and increased erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) strongly suggested an auto-immune disease. Administration of prednisolone and azathioprine dramatically improved all their signs and symptoms. A localized type of Wegener's granulomatosis in the ear was suspected from their clinical course and the efficacy of immunosuppressive agents.
Continuous response variable trial design in motor neuron disease: Long term treatment with a TRH analogue (RX77368); The continuous response variable trolled trial design is developed as a model for the efficient screening of candidate treatments in motor neuron disease. A TRH analogue (RX77368) and placebo were randomly allocated to 15 matched pairs of patients with motor neuron disease. With validated composite interval scores, this trial excluded a 50% or greater improvement with RX77368 at month 12 in scores of respiratory, lower limb, and activities of daily living function with greater than 90% power, and in bulbar function scores with 80% power. For upper limbs, 52% and 75% improvements were excluded at months 9 and 12 respectively with 80% power. Patients who died during the study had faster deterioration rates in bulbar and respiratory scores than their surviving pairs. The feasibility of screening drugs for significant biological effects with small sample sizes and good statistical power is shown. The difficulties of handling deaths and dropouts when using this design are discussed. Comparisons are made with sample sizes required using other scores and rating scales, as well as with those required in hazard and event rate studies. A simple clinical grading scale for motor neuron disease, with its corresponding composite interval scores, is described.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in India: Experience with six cases; Six patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (M-R syndrome) were presented. Their ages varied from 20 to 60 years; age at onset was between 15 and 50 years. In all 6 patients, swelling started first over the lower lip. Associated facial palsy, facial edema, and scrotal tongue were found in three, four and one patients, respectively. Lip biopsies from 5 patients failed to show any granuloma. Intralesional corticosteroids produced mild regression of labial swelling in two patients after 6 injections. In one patient, near total reduction of labial swelling and facial edema was achieved after 5 months of clofazimine treatment. However, there was no improvement of facial palsy. To the best of our knowledge, this is the largest series of M-R syndrome reported from India.
Cross-face reanimation of the paralysed face, with a single stage microneurovascular gracilis transfer without nerve graft: A preliminary report; This paper describes a method of cross-face reanimation of the paralysed face by a single stage transfer of gracilis. In this method, the nerve to the gracilis is kept long and tunnelled across the upper lip and joined directly to branches of the facial nerve on the normal side. The method avoids the need for a nerve graft and shortens the period of rehabilitation by 12 months. The results in 3 cases were good in 2 cases and fair in 1 case.
Tuberculous otitis media; Tuberculous otitis media (TOM) is a rare cause of chronic suppurative infection of the middle ear and mastoid. The increasing incidence of tuberculosis in the United States may be associated with more cases of TOM than recognized previously. Patients typically have a chronic tympanic membrane perforation and ear drainage associated with progressive and profound hearing loss. The correct diagnosis starts with consideration of the disease in a patient with a chronic middle ear infection that is unresponsive to routine therapy. TOM should be strongly considered in patients with known or suspected tuberculosis and a chronic ear infection; however, the lack of evidence of tuberculosis elsewhere does not exclude the possibility of TOM. Appropriate evaluation for TOM includes a chest film, purified protein derivative (PPD) skin testing, and smears or cultures of otic secretions for mycobacteria. Operative biopsy may be required. Facial nerve paralysis is highly suggestive of TOM. Medical therapy with antituberculous drugs is usually effective, and surgery is rarely needed.
2'-5' olygoadenylate synthetase activity in peripheral facial paralysis; Interferons are produced in response to viral infection and play an important part in defense by their antiviral effects. An interferon-induced enzyme, 2'-5' oligoadenylate synthetase (2-5AS) also takes an important part of the system of defense against viral infections, and its activity elevates in nonspecific viral infections. This study was designed to evaluate the usefulness of examining serum 2-5AS activity and peripheral blood WBC 2-5AS (WBC 2-5AS) as diagnostic aids of viral infections that cause facial paralysis. Samples were obtained from 83 patients with Bell's palsy, 20 with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, 74 healthy individuals, and a total of 177 subjects. In 177, we measured serum 2-5AS level in 123 subjects, WBC 2-5AS level in 57, and both in 25. Serum 2-5AS levels in Bell's palsy (60 cases) ranged from 20 to 146 pmol/dl (average: 38.5). The range in Ramsay Hunt syndrome (13) was 20-333 (average: 59.0), and in healthy controls (50), it was 20-128 (average: 41.4). WBC 2-5AS level ranged from 20 to 5900 pmol/dl (average: 733.2) in Bell's palsy (23 cases), from 20-4540 (average: 1371.4) in Ramsay Hunt syndrome (7), and from 20-903 (average: 294.5) in healthy individuals (24). There were no statistically significant differences in serum 2-5AS activities. Otherwise, there was significant difference (p < 0.01) between healthy individuals and Patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome in WBC 2-5AS activity. In Bell's palsy, 3 cases (13.0%) with markedly high WBC 2-5AS levels existed.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Painful ophthalmoplegia associated with lymphoid hyperplasia of the nasopharynx; In the last ten years three patients presented with a subacute syndrome characterized by unilateral frontal headache, ipsilateral external ophthalmoplegia, Va or Vb hypoesthesia and peripheral facial palsy. In all of them, plain X-ray and/or CT revealed a nasopharyngeal mass. Orbital venography failed to fill the superior orbital vein ipsilateral to the ophthalmoplegia, suggesting a unilateral cavernous sinus pathology. Biopsy demonstrated lymphoid hyperplasia. Two patients recovered spontaneously, and in one, steroid treatment resulted in fast pain relief and progressing complete disappearance of the mass. In one patient a high titer of Epstein-Barr viral antibodies was detected.
Preoperative and postoperative auditory and facial nerve function in cerebellopontine angle meningiomas; Preoperative and postoperative facial nerve and auditory function were reviewed retrospectively in 13 cases of cerebellopontine angle meningiomas. According to their location within the posterior fossa and with special reference to the internal auditory canal, they were classified into a premeatal and a retromeatal group. All the tumors were removed by an otoneurosurgical team by use of a retrosigmoid approach. Postoperative results (1 year after operation) were compared within the two groups with respect to preservation of heating (normal hearing in 31% and preservation of preoperative hearing in 69% of the cases) and facial nerve function (no or mild postoperative impairment in 69% of the cases). Both preoperative and postoperative impairment of facial nerve and auditory function prevailed in the premeatal group. For preservation of vital vascular and central nervous structures, subtotal resection with consecutive fractionated radiation therapy had to be performed in 30% of the cases. Our results provide substantial evidence that in cerebellopontine angle meningiomas a precise preoperative study of tumor location will assist in improving individual operative strategy and thus postoperative functional results.
Correlation of compound action potential and electromyography with facial muscle tension; Functional electric stimulation is a new method for dynamic rehabilitation of paralyzed muscles. The output of such prosthetic devices needs to be modulated by some index of the muscle movement. In facial paralysis a measure of the muscle contractions of the normal contralateral side seems to be an appropriate input. In the rabbit, we simultaneously measured the compound action potential of the buccal branch of the facial nerve, the electromyogram of the zygomaticus major muscle, and the muscle twitch tension through strain gauge. The compound action potential, electromyogram, and strain gauge each had a sigmoidal relationship to stimulus intensity. The compound action potential peak-to-peak amplitude was found to have a linear correlation to the peak twitch tension of the corresponding facial muscle. The electromyogram response, although more variable, also had o linear correlation with muscle contraction. The possibility of predicting the contraction of facial muscles before they actually occur is discussed in the context of available and future functional electric rehabilitation models.
Electromyographic study of functional recovery of free vascularized muscles grafted to the face; The functional recovery of gracilis muscles grafted for treatment of facial paralysis in combination with a cross-face nerve graft was evaluated on the basis of electromyography in 98 cases. Initial action potentials were recorded, on average, 8 months after transplantation. There was a tendency for such potentials to appear earlier in the case of patients who finally attained good muscle activity. Action potentials were polyphasic in the early stage and of short duration and low amplitude. An increase in the amplitude and duration of potentials and a shortening of the distal latency were observed with increase in the numbers of reinnervated muscle fibers. Thereafter, there was a tendency toward decreases in the duration and number of spikes due to the increasing similarity in the distal latency of each neuromuscular unit. The grafted gracilis muscles attained a stable state about 1 year after the initial recording of action potentials. It was expected that spontaneous action potentials during rest might serve to indicate the condition of reinnervation. Their absence during the first few months after transplantation may suggest necrosis of the grafted muscle, while those of long duration and high amplitude observed after 1 postoperative year may be suggestive of disturbance in the reinnervation process. In this study, we could not find any significant difference in the reinnervation process between that of a gracilis muscle grafted following a cross-face nerve graft and a muscle reinnervated following nerve transection and repair. We therefore believe that free gracilis muscle transplantation combining a cross-face nerve graft is appropriate for the reconstruction of muscle function.
Recurrent pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland: Report of 126 cases and a review of the literature; The records of 126 patients with recurrent pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland treated at our institution from 1965 to 1985 were retrospectively reviewed. Multiple variables were analyzed to determine tumor behavior and treatment results. Of the study patients, 61% were female and 39% male, with a mean age of 35.6 years at the time of treatment at our institution. The average follow-up period was 14.5 years. Tumor recurrence was 32.5% after one operation at our institution, 7.1% after two operations, and 1.6% after three. Malignant disease occurred in 9 (7.1%) patients. After all surgical procedures, partial facial nerve paralysis was noted in 13.5% and total paralysis in 5.5%. These results suggest low morbidity and good success in tumor eradication with an aggressive surgical approach.
Clofazimine: A review of its medical uses and mechanisms of action; Clofazimine has been in clinical use for almost 40 years, but little is known of its mechanism of action. The primary indication for clofazimine is multibacillary leprosy, but it is useful in several infectious and noninfectious diseases, such as atypical mycobacterial infections, rhinoscleroma, pyoderma gangrenosum, necrobiosis lipoidica, severe acne, pustular psoriasis, and discoid lupus erythematosus. Postulated mechanisms of action include intercalation of clofazimine with bacterial DNA and increasing levels of cellular phospholipase A2. Clinical experience, possible mechanisms of action, and side effects of clofazimine are summarized.
Microtia and significant auricular malformation: Ninety-two pediatric patients; Objective: To study congenital auricular malformation, an uncommon but serious condition. The literature about auricular malformation separates the medical, otologic, and auricular reconstructive elements; this study addresses all elements in a single report. Design: A retrospective chart analysis of patients with microtia and severe auricular malformation from initial presentation through surgical reconstruction for those of appropriate age. Setting: A single author's experience in a practice at a referral institution. Patients: Ninety-two patients (108 ears). Results: Early presentation at less than 1 year of age was noted for 40 patients. Coexisting medical conditions were noted in 16 patients. Seven patients demonstrated facial paralysis. Unexpected sensorineural hearing loss was discovered in six patients. Twenty-four patients had undergone auricular reconstruction at the time of this report. Additional patients had undergone skin tag removal, ventilation tube placement, and atresia repair. ConcLusions: Children with microtia and significant auricular malformation require global attention to early family guidance, to expected and unexpected hearing loss, to language development, to associated medical conditions, and to both auricular and otologic reconstruction issues.
Hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis in treating unilateral facial palsy after acoustic neurinoma resection; Eight patients underwent hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis (anastomosis of a split hypoglossal nerve to the facial nerve) for treatment of unilateral facial palsy. All patients previously had undergone resection of a large acoustic neurinoma and the facial nerve had been resected at that time. The interval between tumor reaction and hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis ranged from 1 to 6 months, with an average of 2.1 months. Postoperative recovery of facial movement was good in all cases during an average follow-up period of 4.2 years. In all eight patients, the degree of hypoglossal nerve atrophy on the operated side was graded mild or moderate, but not severe. It was concluded that hemihypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis results in good facial reanimation as long as the procedure is performed early after the onset of facial palsy and that this procedure may reduce the degree of hemiglossal atrophy in comparison with classic hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis.
Treatment of hemifacial spasm with botulinum toxin: Value of preinjection electromyography abnormalities for predicting postinjection lower facial paresis; Thirty-two patients with hemifacial spasm were treated with 61 botulinum toxin (BT) injections. Some patients had post-BT lower facial paresis (LFP+ group) while others did not suffer this side effect (LFP- group). Abnormal electromyography (EMG) recordings were more frequent in the LFP+ group (6/11) than in the LFP- group (3/21; p < 0.05). This result suggests that an EMG performed before any BT injection could detect the patients with a higher risk for this side effect. The first dose of BT might be lowered in such cases.
67Ga scintigraphy in acute sarcoidosis with Heerfordt's syndrome; Sarcoidosis is a chronic multisystem disorder of unknown etiology characterized by non-caseating epitheloid granulomas. We report a case of a 29-year old female with acute sarcoidosis and Heerfordt's syndrome (parotid enlargement, anterior uveitis and facial nerve palsy) who had a typical clinical constellation but no histologic criteria of a granulomatous inflammatory process in transbronchial lung biopsy. 67Ga scintigraphy revealed such a typical pattern of accumulation that sarcoidosis could be diagnosed despite negative histological findings.
Tuberculoma of the mastoid; Tuberculoma is a rare but known complication of tuberculosis. It rarely occurs in the mastoid bone. When it occurs in the middle ear cleft, it can lead to intracranial complications if there is a delay in the diagnosis and management. A rare case of tuberculosis of the middle ear cleft which presented as tuberculoma of the mastoid bone with infranuclear facial palsy is described. The tuberculoma was removed and a canal wall down tympanomastoidectomy was performed. Post-operatively the patient was kept on antituberculous therapy. The various problems encountered in the diagnosis and management of this case are discussed.
An intracranial wooden foreign body without neurological findings: Case report; We encountered an unusual case of an intracranial wooden stick penetrating through the frontal bone, without remarkable neurological findings. That foreign body was shown to be a low-density area similar to an intracranial air pocket by a standard computed tomogram. Here we discuss the potential hazards of intracranial wooden foreign bodies and emphasize the necessity for special attention to them during radiologic examination.
MRI findings in Zoster oticus; A case of herpes zoster oticus with facial paralysis, sensorineural deafness and disequilibrium has been studied with pre- and post-contrast MRI of the petrous bone. Enhancement was observed in the entire area of the labyrinthine segment of the internal auditory canal. Not only the facial nerve but also the vestibular and cochlear nerve were involved. Thus, we have found MRI to be a unique method to localize the site and the dimension of nerve injury in herpes zoster oticus.
Adhesive lid weights (reversible lidloading) for treatment of lagophthalmos; Background: In facial palsies with lagophthalmic keratopathy an hour-glass dressing is indicated, which has the disadvantage of a moisture chamber with visual impairment by steaming up. After weeks of placement dermal irritations are possible. An alternative is the gravity dependent lidloading, using gold implantation in cases of irreversible lagophthalmos. Methods: And patients Lead weights of 0.8 to 2.0 g are glued to the upper lid with an adhesive layer, that is well tolerated by the skin (Combihesive*), or by a simple foil that is glued on both sides (Tesafix). This results in a lidclosure without impairment of lid opening. After tests on 10 normal persons the described method was placed on 22 patients with lagophthalmos and compared with hour-glass dressing. The new method was applied to 36 additional patients. Results: The dynamic lead weight is effective and well-tolerated. It was more accepted cosmetically especially during the day because of better cosmetic appearance and better visual function than was the hour-glass dressing. These latter dressings are still important for use in serious cases during the night. Conclusion: Lidloading with lead weights that are glued by an adhesive layer to the upper lid can be recommended as a new method in cases of reversible lagophthalmos or as a preparatory step before gold implantation.
Botulinum toxin in blepharospasm, hemifacial spasm and cervical dystonia: Results in 33 patients; The effects of botulinum toxin type A were studied in 33 patients with dystonia (12 blepharospasms, 10 hemifacial spasms and 11 spasmodic torticollis). A rate scale was used to evaluate the severity of the dystonic movements, before and two weeks after each injection. Among blepharospasm patients, eight were female and four were male; the mean age was 57.7 years; the mean time of the disease duration was four years. Three had familial history for similar disease; nine were essential and three had used neuroleptic drugs (tardive dystonia). The mean dose used was 51.3 U, with a mean time of beneficial effects of 2.8 months. For 22 injections and reinjections, 14 (63.7%) showed an excellent result, five (22.7%) good and three (13.6%) null. In the hemifacial spasm group, eight were female and two male; the mean age was 52.6 years; the mean time of the disease duration was 7.4 years; eight were essential and two post-paralytic. The mean dose used was 32 U. From the total of 15 injections and reinjections, all of them (100%) had an excellent result, with a mean time of beneficial effect of 3.4 months. Among the cervical dystonic patients, eight were male and three female; the mean age was 44.2 years; the mean time of the disease duration was 12.2 years; six had essential dystonia, three had used neuroleptic drugs and two had familial history for similar disease. The mean dose used was 238.6 U, with the mean duration of effect of 3.5 months. From the total of 20 injections and reinjections, 18 (90%) had good result, one (5%) mild and one (5%) null. Ptosis, facial palsy and dysphagia were the most common side effects seen. We conclude that botulinum toxin is effective for the treatment of such disorders.
Growth hormone and malnutrition in dialysis patients; Objective:To review the normal function of the growth hormone (GH) insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis, how it is altered in end-stage renal failure, how this may contribute to malnutrition in dialysis patients, and how therapy with recombinant human growth hormone (rHuGH) and recombinant human IGF-I (rHuIF-1) might be used to treat malnutrition in these patients. Data Sources: Studies in the literature dealing with the GH-IGF endocrine axis and its role in uremic malnutrition. Study Selection: Eight studies in which uremic adults were treated with either rHuGH or rHuIGF-2. Data Extraction: Data were abstracted from all of these studies. Results: The review shows that there are marked ahnormalities of the GH-IGF axis in uremic patients and that these lead to a state of GH resistance, which can be overcome by pharmacological doses of rHuGH. A small number of clinical studies in uremic adults suggests that both rHuGH and rHuIGF-1 have dramatic beneficial effects on nutritional status in these patients. Conclusions: rHuGH and rHuIGF-1 have both been shown to have a beneficial effect on nutritional status in short-term studies on small numbers of patients. Further studies need to be done for longer periods in larger groups of patients. Areas for additional research are suggested.
Detection of serum IgA antibodies against varicella zoster virus (VZV). A case report about the differential etiology of peripheral facial paralysis; During the early manifestation of peripheral facial paralysis, VZV specific IgA antibodies were detected in the serum in a single case. In similar cases, this serological parameter should be tested for causal diagnosis in connection with early Aciclovir therapy.
Carcinoma of the temporal bone - Current diagnostic and therapeutic aspects; Background: Carcinoma of the external ear canal and the middle ear-is a rather rare event and is especially seen in patients with chronic inflammatory ear disease. Patients: Between 1993 and 1994, we treated seven patients with such a tumor, of which six proved to be a squamous cell carcinoma and one presumably adenocarcinoma. In three patients, the malignoma developed in a radical cavity of the ear and caused a facial palsy. Only two patients were without any discharge of the ear. Beside facial palsy, hemorrhagic otorrhea and otalgia were the leading symptoms. One patient presented with a bilateral painless swelling of the neck due to lymph node metastasis. Diagnosis was made by means of biopsy in only three patients and on the basis of a resected specimen after mastoidectomy in four patients. Angiography and computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging studies were performed prior to treatment to determine the extent of the tumor. Results: The tumor was resected by petrosectomy, parotidectomy, and neck dissection in 5 patients. Three times the margins of the histological specimen were free of tumor. Lymph node metastasis in the neck were seen in 5 cases, while distant metastasis did not occur. Two patients underwent primary irradiation, but a postoperative radiation therapy was performed five times. To date, three patients died after one year follow-up. Conclusions: Carcinoma of the temporal bone is a rare tumor, which can be treated only in case of early diagnosis.
Insulin sensitivity is increased in type II diabetes mellitus in response to human insulin-like growth factor I; Insulin resistance is a major determinant of the hyperglycaemia that occurs in patients with type II diabetes mellitus. The fact that there is no successful treatment for insulin resistance compounds the ability to treat these patients successfully. Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) has been shown in experimental animals and in men to exert insulin-like effects when administered at supraphysiological doses. Recombinant human IGF-I was therefore administered for 4.5-6 weeks to 12 hyperinsulinaemic patients with type II diabetes, and its effects on insulin resistance and glycaemic control were measured. At the end of treatment, IGF-I, 100 μg/kg twice daily, had lowered mean 24-hour blood glucose levels, from 267 ± 84 mg/dl to 168 ± 59 mg/dl (P < 0.001). Mean 24-hour insulin concentrations fell from 18 to 9.5 ng/ml (P < 0.001). Similarly, fructosamine levels declined from 369 ± 105 μmol/l to 302 ± 76 μmol/l (P < 0.05) after 3 weeks of treatment and declined further to 271 ± 87 μmol/l (P < 0.05) at the end of IGF-I administration. Glycosylated haemoglobin decreased from 10.7% to 8.1% (P < 0.05). Mean fasting triglyceride levels decreased from 205 ± 97 mg/dl to 128 ± 55 mg/dl (P < 0.05). The insulin sensitivity index was calculated from intravenous glucose tolerance tests and showed a 3.4-fold improvement. This improvement was accompanied by a decrease in fat mass of 2.2% (P < 0.05), calculated using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Significant side- effects occurred in some patients, but nine patients were able to complete at least 4.5 weeks of treatment. In summary, IGF-I significantly lowered blood glucose, as reflected by long-term indices of glycaemic control. The results suggest that IGF-I therapy may be an effective way of improving insulin sensitivity in patients with type II diabetes mellitus.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Four patients with recurrent upper lip and facial swelling and lingua plicata together with peripheral facial nerve palsy involvement were diagnosed as having Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Because of the rarity of this syndrome in children, we present the results of follow-up evaluations of our patients and review the literature.
Intraoperative monitoring of motor cranial nerves in skull base surgery; Intraoperative monitoring of cranial nerves is performed to minimize postoperative cranial nerve dysfunction. We performed electrophysiological monitoring of motor cranial nerves with a NIM 2 unit from Xomed Treace and a patient multiplexer developed in our clinic. This multiplexer allows simultaneous monitoring of 4 cranial nerves and is additionally equipped with a bipolar stimulation mode. This intraoperative monitoring was employed during 102 skull base operations. Of these 102 operations, 44 were acoustic neuroma removals by translabyrinthine approach and 36 by a middle fossa approach. Various operations including removal of tumours of the jugular foramen and the infratemporal fossa were performed in the remaining 22 patients. The facial nerve, being the most frequently monitored nerve, was evaluated both pre- and intraoperatively. Electrophysiologic data were evaluated with respect to their predictive value for postoperative facial nerve function. The relative per cent decrease in amplitude of the EMG after resection compared to that observed before resection seems to be of some predictive value for postoperative facial nerve function. A 50-60% decrease or more is associated with an increase in the House classification. Intraoperative monitoring is a useful tool in skull base surgery allowing for safer and faster identification of motor nerves in pathologic anatomic conditions. It allows the surgeon a degree of comfort by providing immediate information regarding the status of the nerve. It may also improve postoperative nerve function and shorten operating time. Additionally, neuromonitoring provides some information about expected postoperative facial nerve function.
The possible contributing factors for the success of steroid therapy in Bell's Palsy: A clinical and electrophysiological study; Incomplete recovery from Bell's palsy was observed in some patients even after the intake of corticosteroids. This prospective study was performed on 160 patients with unilaterial nonrecurrent Bell's palsy in order to investigate the role of prednisolone on the prognosis of Bell's palsy. Ninety-three patients were given prednisolone tablets (1 mg/kg body wt/day up to 70 mg) for six successive days, then the dose was reduced gradually over the next four days. The remaining 67 patients were not given prednisolone (control group). Facial nerve recovery was assessed clinically and electrophysiologically for up to one yew. The results of this study suggested that the most probable contributing factor for the success of prednisolone in improving the prognosis of Bell's palsy was its early intake (within the first 24 hours following onset).
Predictability of recovery from Bell's palsy using evoked electromyography; The role of surgery in the treatment of idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's Palsy) has been the subject of much controversy. Some have advocated aggressive surgical therapy to prevent nerve injury based on evoked electromyography (EEMG) results. The present study analyzes the outcome of 23 patients who presented with Bell's palsy and were evaluated with EEMG. Of the 15 patients who showed greater than 90 percent compound action potential reduction in the affected side, a widely used criterion for surgical decompression of the facial nerve, almost half (47%) had normal to near-normal recovery, and only three (20%) had residual severe dysfunction. Results infer that patients who meet surgical criteria based on EEMG results but who do not undergo surgery do not show a greater morbidity. The authors conclude that conservative criteria should be used when recommending facial nerve decompression.
Value of the monitoring of the facial nerve in the evaluation of facial function in translabyrinthine surgery for acoustic neuroma; Amongst the 62 patients operated for acoustic neuroma using a translabyrinthine approach, the authors study post operatory results at one month of the facial function according to the "House-Brackmann" classification. The analysis consists in 2 homogeneous and comparable series of 34 and 28 patients having benefited or not of a per operatory monitoring of the facial nerve with "NIM 2" neuro monitor. Without distinction of the tumoral sizes 76% of patients show a good facial result when monitorized against 60.7% when not. According to the tumoral size monitoring becomes more interesting: also you will find better results in the monitorized serial (71%) against 29% without. Other factors concerning the facial post operatory functions are also analysed by authors. To the very important part of per operatory monitoring, the anatomical status, microvascularization and physiological state of the nerve al as well as the operator's experience are to be added. All above factors must be considered when evaluating the final post operatory facial result.
Treatment of blepharospasm and facial hemispasm with botulinum toxin.Apropos of 58 injections in 22 patients; Through this analysis we shall report our experience about botulinum toxin in view of relieving blepharospasm and hemifacial spasm. Many Treatments have been tested with very inconstant often deceptive and sometimes even dangerous results. The present method gives us the possibility to paralyze the spasmed muscles by direct injection into the muscle. After 58 ambulatory injections, 53 effective results were obtained with complete spasm relief for a mean internal of 4 to 5 months. No systemic effect was noticed, but some transient ophthalmic incidents occurred: they can be avoided by simple technical precautions. In hemifacial spasm, the orbicularis eyelid muscle seems to be the "spasm starter" and its unique injection by toxin can often relieve the whole hemiface. This simple method appears remarkably effective, although its duration is limited to a few months; but the injections can be conveniently repeated. However, this technique has to be carefully performed by experienced physicians. It is extremely regrettable to see the enormous price increase of toxin within the last years. This limits a larger use for patients good health.
Surgical anatomy of the parotid region. Current concepts; Three zones of the parotid region situated in the cervicofacial area were studied. The bilobular architecture of the parotid gland, the relations between the facial nerve and the parotid gland and the cover plans are described. On the posterior border of the parotid there is a cleavage interlobular point where the facial nerve penetrates and can be dissected. Thus the facial nerve has four parts designated as retro, inter, intra and preglandular. The parotid gland and is surrounding capsula is covered by a superficial musculoaponeurosis and the skin. The musculoaponeurosis is used in cervicofacial lifting procedures and palliative treatment of facial palsy. It can also be used in certain situations (primary tumours of moderate size without capsula involvement) to fill retromandibular depressions after total parotidectomy.
The early effects of gamma knife on 40 cases of acoustic neurinoma.; Early results of gamma radiosurgery on 44 cases of acoustic neurinoma were studied by follow-up MRIs and changes of neurological signs every 3 months. Mean follow-up period was 12 (3 to 20) months. Enhanced MRI revealed that the central low intensity signal area (LISA) appeared at 3 to 6 months after the treatment, which was re-enhanced at 6 to 9 months, then the tumours begun to decrease in size at 9 to 12 months, which observation was noted in 11 out of 44 cases (25%). The other tumours were unchanged in size. Regarding the side effects, facial palsy appeared in 7 cases (16%) after the treatment, of whom 3 cases have improved. Trigeminal nerve palsy was found in 3 cases (7%). Deterioration of hearing was found in 11 out of 21 cases (52%) who had hearing disturbances before treatment. The pathological study of a treated tumour at 11 months revealed that central LISA was found as complete necrosis and degeneration of tumour cells and vessels with thickening walls found at the margin of the tumour. MRI is not only useful for the dose planning of radiosurgery but valuable for the follow-up study of treated tumours.
The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. A report of 2 cases; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare condition of unknown etiopathogenesis. This syndrome is characterized by a triad of recurrent orofacial edema, recurrent facial palsy, and fissured tongue. In this paper two patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome are reported. Also the clinicopathologic aspects and diagnostic problems of this rare disease are discussed.
Clinical observation on 172 cases of N.S. diseases treated by PCE-88A type of the programmed electroacupuncture apparatus; We have treated 172 cases of N.S. diseases with PEC-88A Type of the Programmed Electroacupuncture Apparatus with shows of frequency and voltage of electro-pulse. Of 172 cases, 47 cases were cured (27.3%), 77 markedly effective (44.8%), 44 improved (25.6%), 4 failed (2.3%). The total effective rate was 97.7%. The observation showed that different stimulating strength was needed to different disease through observation of the stimulating strength of electroacupuncture. The strongest was for the sequela of poliomyelitis. The next was for the sequela of apoplexy. The lightest was for sciatica, and during treatment the stimulating strength to disorder side is larger than one of normal side. By the way, the stimulating strength of electroacupuncture was reduced step by step while the disease become better little by little.) The result of clinical observation displaced that the stimulating strength was determined according to the part of injured N.S and patient's sensitivity to the stimulating strength of electroacupuncture when using electroacupuncture.
Treating old facial nerve paralysis of 260 cases with the acupuncture treatment skill of pause and regress in six parts; With the acupuncture treatment skill of pause and regress in six parts, we have treated facial paralysis of 260 cases. The other 50 cases were treated with the uniform reinforcing-reducing method as control. The result shows that the effectiveness of the former is better than the latter (P < 0.01). The acupuncture treatment skill of pause and regress in six parts is a new way developed from the reducing method of the traditional reinforcing-reducing method of lifting and thrusting the needle and nine-six reinforcing-reducing method. In addition, the acupuncture points were chosen in the area of the main distribution of the facial nerve. Through the clinical practice, the acupuncture treatment skill is an effective way for treating old facial paralysis.
Facial nerve outcome after acoustic neuroma surgery: A study from the era of cranial nerve monitoring; The introduction of intraoperative cranial nerve monitoring in posterior fossa surgery has greatly aided the surgeon in identification and anatomic preservation of cranial nerves. As a result, the long-term function of the facial nerve continues to improve after removal of acoustic neuroma. Herein, we report our long-term (1 year or greater) facial nerve outcome in 129 patients who underwent surgical removal of their acoustic neuromas with the aid of intraoperative neurophysiologic monitoring between 1986 and 1990. The facial nerve was anatomically preserved in 99.2% of the patients, and 90% of all the patients had grade 1 or 2 facial nerve function 1 year after surgery. Long-term facial function was inversely correlated with the size of tumor (chi-squared, p < 0.02) and was not related to the side of tumor, the age and sex of the patient, or the surgical approach. In a comparison among tumor groups matched for size, no statistically significant difference in facial nerve outcome between the translabyrinthine and retrosigmoid approaches was detected. The proximal facial nerve stimulation threshold at the end of surgical removal was predictive of long-term facial nerve function (analysis of variance, p < 0.02). At 1 year, 98% (87 of 89) of the patients with electrical thresholds of 0.2 V or less had grade 1 or 2 facial nerve function compared with only 50% (8 of 16) of those with thresholds between 0.21 and 0.6 V. In the era of cranial nerve monitoring, patients can be better advised about long-term facial nerve outcome after surgical intervention. Preoperatively, the size of the tumor is the most critical factor in predicting long-term facial function. Postoperatively, the proximal seventh nerve stimulation threshold at the end of the surgical procedure can be used as one prognostic measure of long-term facial nerve function.
Lyme disease: The cause, diagnosis, and treatment; OBJECTIVE: To present a brief history of Lyme disease, identity its vectors, examine its pathogenesis, and discuss current methods of testing for and treating the disease. DATA SOURCES: Current literature. STUDY SELECTION: Determined by the author. DATA EXTRACTION: Determined by the author. DATA SYNTHESIS: Lyme disease is the most commonly reported vector-transmitted disease in the United States. The Borrelia burgdorferi spirochete has been identified as the infectious agent of the disease. Although symptoms vary, stage 1 Lyme disease is most often characterized by erythema chronicum migrans, stage 2 by Bell's palsy, and stage 3 by chronic shoulder, knee, and wrist pain. Diagnostic tests currently in use, which include indirect immunofluorescent assay and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, often show false-positive results. Antibiotic treatment is recommended. CONCLUSION: Further study is needed to develop an accurate test for Lyme disease.
The Edinburgh facial palsy clinic: A review of three years' activity; Patients with facial palsy can present to almost all medical practitioners. From birth to old age the aetiologies of disease affecting the nerve range from congenital to the more common inflammatory, infective, traumatic and neoplastic. This paper reviews the Edinburgh Facial Palsy Clinic, its structure and function over a three year period. The methods of clinical investigation, special investigation and management strategies are discussed. The diversity of pathology seen over a three year period is presented, confirming the need for a team approach to the management of patients with facial palsy.
Macrocheilitis and Melkersson-Rosenthal. A review of 19 cases; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an uncommon condition of unknown cause. The classical triad includes recurrent orofacial oedema involving predominantly the lips (macrocheilitis), intermittent peripheral facial palsy and scrotal tongue. Some authors consider Miescher's cheilitis as a monosymptomatic form of the syndrome. Nineteen cases (11 females and 8 males) of macrocheilitis seen at the Dermatologic Clinic, University of Coimbra, between 1966 and 1992, are reviewed. The complete triad of signs was present only in 4 patients (21%) and two features of the classic triad in 3 (16%) (macrocheilitis and lingua plicata in two; macrocheilitis and facial palsy in one). Twelve patients had only recurrent or persistent orofacial swelling. All 19 patients had macrocheilitis. Less commonly, the cheek, nose, forehead, eyelid, chin and buccal mucosa were also involved. Peripheral facial paralysis was present in 5 cases (26%), and scrotal tongue occurred in 6 (32%). Lip biopsies, performed in 17 patients, revealed the typical pathologic picture of granulomatous cheilitis only in 8 cases. Systemic corticosteroids and clofazimine were the most efficacious treatment.
Treatment of lagophthalmos by reversible lid-loading; Background: In facial palsies with lagophthalmic keratopathy, an hour-glass dressing is indicated. This dressing has the disadvantage of a moisture chamber, visual impairment occurs by steaming up. After weeks of placement dermal irritations are possible. An alternative is gravity-dependent lid-loading, using gold implantation in cases of irreversible lagophthalmos. Methods and patients: Lead weights of 0.8 to 2.0 g are glued to the upper lid with an adhesive layer that is well-tolerated by the skin (Combihesive*) or by a simple foil that is glued on both sides (Tesafix). This results in a lid closure without impairment of lid opening. After tests on 10 normal persons lid-loading implants were placed on 22 patients with lagophthalmos and compared with hour-glass dressing. The new method was also applied to 26 additional patients. Results: The dynamic lead weight was effective and well-tolerated. It was more accepted eosine tically, especially during the day because of its better cosmetic appearance and better visual function than was the hour-glass dressing. These latter dressings are still important for use in serious cases during the night. Conclusion: Lid-loading with lead weights that are glued by an adhesive layer to the upper lid can be recommended as a useful method in cases of reversible lagophthalmos or as a preparatory step before gold implantation.
Acoustic neuroma: Follow-up of 78 patients; This study assesses the outcome in 78 patients who had been diagnosed with acoustic neuroma over a period of 13 years. Forty-six patients were treated with translabyrinthine surgery, 13 with suboccipital surgery and/or ventricular drainage, and 19 patients (20 neuromas) were kept under observation. Of the 59 patients who had surgery, four died, 30 had problems with eating, drinking and balance, 17 had severe facial palsy, 21 discontinued their work after the operation and 30 had psychological problems. Twenty neuromas have not been operated upon and the patients have not deteriorated medically or socially. It is concluded that acoustic neuroma is a serious disease and that a conservative policy (wait and scan) is preferable in elderly patients.
Carbogen versus HOT in the treatment of sensorineural pathologies in ENT; Acute ENT sensori-neural impairments are treated in numerous and various ways. Whilst the histopathological lesions in sonotraumas and in sudden deafness are different, their management is based on the same principles. From a review of 100 cases, including 40 sono-traumas, 40 cases of sudden deafness, and 20 facial palsies, we assessed the comparative results of two treatments: the first combined Naftidrofuryl, Dihydroergotaxine and Methylprednisolone with hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HOT); the second combined Piracetam and Pentoxifylline with carbogen. There is no significant difference between the two and our results are close to those of other teams. Good results were obtained in 61% of sonotraumas treated by hyperbaric oxygen therapy, versus 57% in patients treated with carbogen. If there is concomittant tinnitus, the best results are reported with hyperbaric oxygen therapy. For sudden deafness, the results are identical. After one month, there is no difference between the two therapies for the improvement of facial palsy (although one protocol did not include corticoids). Hyperbaric oxygen therapy twice a day is satisfactory and well tolerated by all patients.
Recent aspects in the diagnosis and treatment of facial nerve paresis in children; Between 1986 and 1992, 60 children with facial nerve palsy (FNP) were examined at the ORL hospital at Erlangen-Nuremberg University. By using blood and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)-serological tests acute infection with Borrelia burgdorferi (B.b.) could be proved in 16 of 40 children (40%) whose pareses could not be clarified etiologically at first examination. Whereas all idiopathic FNP patients (22) had normal CSF-results, more than half of the B.b.-infected children showed pathological findings, with pleocytosis indicating meningitis. These findings demonstrated that lumbar puncture should be performed in children with FNP of unclear etiology, particularly in cases with positive borreliosis blood serology. The children with borreliosis received penicillin G or ceftriaxone intravenously for at least 14 days and patients with idiopathic FNP were treated with cortisone either orally alone or intravenously in combination with pentoxifylline and hydroxyethylstarch. The outcome in 95% of the patients showed that complete recovery was similar in borreliosis and idiopathic FNP irrespective of treatment with cortisone. Overall, 88% of the FNP recovered completely, indicating a favorable prognosis of FNP in children.
Surgical treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissecting aneurysms; ANEURYSMS OF THE extracranial internal carotid artery (ICA) are uncommon. A significant proportion of such aneurysms are now recognized to be caused by arterial dissection. In some patients, surgical treatment may become necessary. The surgical treatment of 22 patients with spontaneous or traumatic dissecting aneurysms arising from the extracranial ICAs is reviewed. The mean age of the 7 women and 15 men was 39 years. The aneurysm arose from the proximal third of the extracranial ICA in 1 patient, from the middle third in 1 patient, and from the distal third in 20 patients. Five patients underwent cervical carotid ligation; in 13 patients, the aneurysms were resected, and the ICAs were reconstructed, and 4 patients underwent cervical-to-intracranial ICA bypasses. There were 2 postoperative strokes (9%). Facial and lower cranial nerve palsies were commonly seen after high cervical exposure, but these cranial nerve palsies were transient. There were no long-term neurological sequelae during a mean follow-up of 6.2 years. In our relatively limited experience, extracranial ICA dissecting aneurysms can be treated with acceptable morbidity using a variety of techniques. However, the indications for surgical intervention in these aneurysms remain limited.
Thymopentin in the treatment of Bell's palsy - Survey of 125 cases; In most cases of idiopathic facial paralysis we have found an elevated antiviral antibodies titre and an alteration of the immunitary lymphocyte-mediated system expressed by the abnormal values of the OKT4/OKT8 relation and of the OKT3 index (total lymphocytes). Therefore Bell's palsy pathogenesis can be directly or indirectly related to a viral infection as proved in the work effected in 1977 in the ORL Division of the L'Aquila Civil Hospital entitled: 'Aspects immunofluoroscopiques de la corde du tympan sur des sujets atteints de paralysie de Bell' (Giannoni-Corbacelli). In a group of 125 patients with Bell's paralysis we have proposed different pharmacological treatments evidencing shorter hospital stay and a shorter recovery in the group treated with Tp5.
Indication, technique and results of facial nerve reconstruction; 160 patients with various intra- or extracranial pathologies were treated by microsurgical facial nerve reconstruction at Nordstadt Neurosurgical Clinic between 1978 and 1993. Facial nerve reconstruction was accomplished along the anatomical course of the facial nerve from its origin at the brainstem, within the mastoid, at the stylomastoid foramen and within the face. Mostly, reconstruction was indicated because of nerve discontinuity (n = 61), whereas facial nerve reanimation with a donor nerve such as the contralateral facial nerve or the ipsilateral hypoglossal nerve was indicated in 99 cases of loss of a proximal nerve stump. Depending on the site of the lesion reinnervation started at 5 to 15 months postoperatively lasting for 2 to 3 years with overall satisfactory results. 69% of all the patients regained good symmetry on rest, complete eye closure equivalent to House-Brackmann-Score III: Patients with complete failures either suffered of non-related diseases such as cancer leading to death before the estimated time of recovery or were exposed to radiation or received facial nerve reconstruction after long-standing facial deficit and marked muscular atrophy. The indication of the adequate method depends on the clinical course with or without preexisting facial paresis, on considering the intraoperative state of the facial nerve. the identification and microsurgical preparation of adequate nerve stumps, as well as on the adaptation techniques and the postoperative guidance of the patient. We conclude that facial nerve reconstruction by transplantation at either site of the nerve course or by reanimation with a donor nerve are effective and reliable procedures of treatment leading to satisfactory functional and cosmetic results.
Parotidectomy in childhood - With a review of the literature; Parotid tumours in childhood are rare. Four patients under 16 years old having parotidectomy are described and the literature is reviewed. The presentation, pathology and prognosis of parotid tumours in childhood is different to that seen in adults. Half of the parotid tumours in childhood are malignant but most are of low grade. Rapid growth, if present, may be the only clue of malignancy and facial nerve palsy or cervical node metastasis have rarely been described. Adequate surgical excision with facial nerve preservation is the treatment of choice and radical neck dissection is rarely necessary. Radiotherapy should be avoided and the prognosis is very favourable. It is difficult to differentiate clinically between benign and low-grade malignant tumours and because of the high incidence of malignancy, all parotid tumours in childhood should be suspected of being malignant until proven other wise.
Free neurovascular muscle transplantation for the treatment of facial paralysis using the hypoglossal nerve as a recipient motor source; Seventeen cases of free-muscle transplantation using the hypoglossal nerve as a recipient motor nerve for the treatment of long-standing or irreversible facial paralysis are reported with details of a follow-up study. The muscle, usually the latissimus dorsi muscle, is transferred to the cheek with microvascular anastomoses. The muscle's motor nerve is sutured to the hypoglossal nerve. There are three classifications of hypoglossal nerve sectioning: total section, central section, and lower section. The results were compared on the basis of these three methods, leading to the recommendation that branches of the hypoglossal nerve diverging inferiorly to innervate the suprahyoid muscles be utilized as a recipient motor source. This method permits acceptably natural movement of the grafted muscle without functional disability of the tongue. Good candidates for this procedure are considered to be those patients for whom muscle transplantation combined with a cross-face nerve graft cannot be adopted because of bilateral paralysis or surgical intervention on the healthy side of the face or who are so old that the long two-stage operation holds no hope for them.
Assessment of motor pathways to masticatory muscles: An examination technique using electrical and magnetic stimulation; To study motor pathways to masticatory muscles, a new recording technique using surface electrodes was developed. The recording electrode was mounted on a spatula and inserted enorally into the pterygomandibular plica over the belly of m. masseter. Using this technique, mean latencies/amplitudes of the compound action potentials (CMAPs) in 18 healthy subjects were 1.2 ms/4.9 mV after electrical stimulation of the trigeminal nerve below the zygomatic arch, and 5.5 ms/1.1 mV after magnetic stimulation of the cortex. In 15 patients with unilateral lesions of the facial nerve, masticatory CMAPs had virtually symmetrical configuration, latency, and amplitude, excluding a major contribution of volume conducted activity from other cranial muscles. The technique was evaluated in patients after surgical treatment for trigeminal neuralgia. Patients with with retrogasserian thermocoagulation and central demyelinating lesions were consistently identified.
Functional organisation of corticonuclear pathways to motoneurones of lower facial muscles in man; EMG responses were recorded from lower facial muscles (depressor labii inferioris or depressor anguli oris) of 12 normal subjects after magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex. Using a figure-of-eight stimulating coil, the largest responses were obtained from points around 8-10 cm lateral to the vertex. Usually they were bilateral and had the same latency (11-12 ms) on both sides of the face. Patients with complete Bell's palsy had no response in muscles on the same side as the lesion, indicating that the ipsilateral component to cortical stimulation was not the result of recrossing in the periphery of nerve fibres from the contralateral side. Single-unit studies showed that cortical stimulation produced two phases of motoneuronal facilitation: a short-latency (central motor delay from contralateral cortex to the intracranial portion of the facial nerve, 7.6 ms), short-duration (1- to 2-ms duration peak in the post-stimulus time histogram) input, which was more commonly evoked by contralateral than ipsilateral stimulation; and a longer latency (central delay > 15 ms), long-duration input evoked equally well from either hemisphere. The former may represent activity in a predominantly contralateral oligosynaptic corticobulbar pathway; the latter, a polysynaptic indirect (e.g. cortico-tegmento-nuclear) bilateral pathway to lower facial muscles.
Blast injuries to the facial nerve; The recommended treatment of penetrating traumatic facial nerve injuries associated with immediate, total paralysis of the ipsilateral facial muscles generally includes facial nerve exploration and repair. We reviewed our experience with bullet injuries to the extratemporal facial nerve to determine the efficacy of this approach. Five patients with immediate, total facial nerve paralysis caused by bullet wounds near the extratemporal facial nerve were seen between July 1990 and December 1992. Of four patients who underwent surgical exploration, only one demonstrated complete transection of the facial nerve. Two of these four were followed up with serial electroneuronography, which demonstrated complete degeneration within the first week after injury. The fifth patient was followed up with serial electroneuronography without complete degeneration, and partial recovery was observed. We conclude that penetrating bullet injuries with immediate, total facial paralysis may not necessarily be associated with transection of the facial nerve. We propose a method of treating patients with these injuries using electroneuronography.
Polymerase chain reaction amplification of herpes simplex viral DNA from the geniculate ganglion of a patient with Bell's palsy; Bell's palsy is the most common cause of facial paralysis. In this study, we demonstrate the presence of herpes simplex viral type 1 (HSV-1) genomic DNA in the geniculate ganglion of a patient who had Bell's palsy. This association suggests that in this patient, HSV-1 may have caused Bell's palsy. If HSV-1 is a cause of Bell's palsy, treatment with acyclovir may be beneficial. Additional studies should be done to establish the prevalence of HSV-1 as an etiologic agent of Bell's palsy.
Orbicular synkinesis after facial paralysis: Treatment with botulinum toxin; Involuntary lid closure not rarely accompanies aberrant regeneration of nerve fibers after different types of facial paralysis. 23 patients with such synkinesis were treated with botulinum toxin injections into the orbicularis oculi muscle. After periocular injections all patients showed much improvement: a period of, on the average, 13 symptom-free weeks was followed by a period of minimal symptoms. There were only minor complications. Whenever repeated treatment is necessary, botulinum toxin proves to be an effective therapy for involuntary lid closure after defective healing following facial paralysis.
Long-term findings in patients with facial palsy and antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi; Little is known about the long-term effects of Borrelia burgdorferi (Bb) infection in untreated patients with peripheral facial palsy. We investigated 12 patients with elevated serum Bb antibody levels, with a median follow-up time of 11 years, during which 3 of the 12 still exhibited intrathecal antibody production of antibodies against Bb flagellar antigen, and 2 of the 3 had normal serum Bb antibodies. Four of the 12 had elevated serum antibody titres at the late follow-up examination. Arthralgia, reported by 7 patients, was the single most common complaint. Four patients showed extensive oculomotor disturbances, which were not correlated to antibody titres or intrathecal antibody synthesis. In 1 of the patients with intrathecal Bb antibody production, most symptoms were eradicated by antibiotic treatment 6 years after the initial infection. We conclude that even several years after a Bb infection, intrathecal Bb antibody production can still occur in serum Bb IgG antibody negative patients with a history of facial palsy.
Prospective study on the treatment of facial palsy with dynamic free muscle transplantation; In this prospective study, patients were randomly divided into 3 groups according to 3 different operation procedures used to correct facial palsy with microneurovascular anastomosed muscle transplantation: In group 1, 9 patients accepted cross face transplantation of segmental latissimus dorsi muscle flap with super-long neurovascular pedicle, through upper labial tunnel, anastomosed in normal face (one stage method); In group 2, 7 patients accepted cross face nerve graft and secondary free muscle transplantation by neurovascular anastomoses in paralyzed face (two stage method); In group 3, 5 patients, free muscle transplantation by microneurovascular anastomosis in paralyzed face. The appreciation for the results was carried out in 16 patients who had been followed-up more than 1 year. In terms of functional recovery, the success rate ranged in excellent and good reached 93.8%. There were not significant differences among groups. The patients of less than 40-year-old got better results and the correlation between operative effects and both cause and course of disease could not be found. It was considered that the nerve regeneration speed and quality in one stage method were better than sural nerve graft with small saphenous vein anastomosis, because physiological blood supply was kept well along the nerve pedicle and regenerating nerve fibers need not pass through two suture sites. Patients satisfied the results after the swelling was gone because one stage method had the advantages of face lift and selective neurotomy at the same time. The course of treatment was shortened significantly as well.
Facial nerve palsy complicating acute otitis media in children; Facial nerve palsy is a well recognised complication of Acute Otitis Media in children. Four cases are reported here. All were boys between 1 and 2 1/2 years of age, 3 presenting with complete facial paralysis. All were treated with myringotomy, grommet insertion and antibiotics, and all made a complete recovery. Review of the literature shows that there is still disagreement about the optimal management of this disorder, but most authors would advocate initial treatment with myringotomy, grommet insertion and antibiotics in the absence of other pathology.
Acute retinal necrosis syndrome associated with herpes simplex keratitis; Background: Although acute retinal necrosis (ARN) syndrome is caused by a herpes group virus, association of herpetic keratitis with ARN syndrome is uncommon. A case of unilateral ARN syndrome with herpes simplex keratitis is discussed. Methods: A 40-year-old man developed unilateral keratitis, necrotic retinitis, retinal vasculitis, vitritis, and iritis consistent with ARN syndrome 1 month after treatment for ipsilateral facial nerve palsy and auricular herpetic vesicles (Tolosa-Hunt syndrome). Impression cytologic examination of the corneal epithelial ulcer that developed concurrent with the intraocular findings and of the aqueous humor (obtained by paracentesis) was performed. Results: Cells that reacted with anti-herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) antibody were detected on impression cytology, and DNA fragments corresponding to the HSV-1 DNA sequence were detected in the aqueous humor. Conclusion: This case shows that ARN syndrome may, on rare occasions, be associated with herpes keratitis secondary to HSV-1.
Neurogenic dysphagia: What is the cause when the cause is not obvious?; The potential causes of neurogenic oropharyngeal dysphagia in cases in which the underlying neurologic disorder is not readily apparent are discussed. The most common basis for unexplained neurogenic dysphagia may be cerebrovascular disease in the form of either confluent periventricular infarcts or small, discrete brainstem stroke, which may be invisible by magnetic resonance imaging. The diagnosis of occult stroke causing pharyngeal dysphagia should not be overlooked, because this diagnosis carries important treatment implications. Motor neuron disease producing bulbar palsy, pseudobulbar palsy, or a combination of the two can present as gradually progressive dysphagia and dysarthria with little if any limb involvement. Myopathies, especially polymyositis, and myasthenia gravis are potentially treatable disorders that must be considered. A variety of medications may cause or exacerbate neurogenic dysphagia. Psychiatric disorders can masquerade as swallowing apraxia. The basis for unexplained neurogenic dysphagia can best be elucidated by methodical evaluation including careful history, neurologic examination, videofluoroscopy of swallowing, blood studies (CBC, chemistry panel, creatine kinase, B12, thyroid screening, and anti-acetylcholine receptor antibodies), electromyography, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain, plus additional procedures such as lumbar puncture and muscle biopsy as indicated. Little is known about aging and neurogenic dysphagia, specifically the relative contributions of natural age-related changes in the oropharynx and of diseases of the elderly, including periventricular MRI abnormalities, in producing dysphagia symptoms and videofluoroscopic abnormalities in this population.
Results of surgical treatment of pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland; Twenty years experience of lateral parotidectomy as suspical treatment for pleomorphic adenoma are reviewed. All cases were managed at the ORL Clinic of the University of Zurich. 167 patients were followed for the frequency of possible recurrent tumors. Three patients (3/123) operated primarily developed recurrences. Recurrences appeared after an average of 10 years, ranging from 1-30 years. The follow-up time varied from 1 to 21 years (average, 8 years). 39% (13 of 33) of the patients, who were re-operated for a recurrent tumor, developed another recurrence. The second recurrence appeared after an average of 10 years, ranging from 1-22 years. A persistent partial paresis of the facial nerve was found in 1% of the patients operated primarily and in 9% of the patients operated more than once. No paralysis was seen. We now choose 'en-bloc' resections of pleomorphic adenomas without intra-operative opening of the tumor capsule as the treatment of choice. This treatment was possible in 83% of all cases, using a lateral parotidectomy. If tumor extends into the medial parotid lobe, total parotidectomy is required.
Prognostic value of transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve in patients with Bell's palsy. Preliminary results; To evaluate transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients suffering from idiopathic facial palsy, results from 31 patients were reviewed. TMS was applied to the facial nerve by parieto-occipital, ipsilateral coil placement. At the time of the first examination (2-25 days after the onset of palsy), 11 of 31 nerves on the affected side were excitably by TMS. Patients were classified according to whether magnetic excitability of the facial nerve was possible (group I) or not possible (group II). In general, the percentage of patients with complete or nearly complete recovery of facial function was 97% following either a standard infusion therapy (corticosteroids, hydroxyethylstarch and pentoxifyllin) or orally administered corticoids (equal percentages in each group, respectively). In the first group of patients, 11 had facial nerves that were excitable with TMS and showed complete recovery of motor function within a median period of 7 weeks. In those patients with successful TMS only one experienced 'crocodile tears' syndrome one year after Bell's palsy but without any further motor deficit of facial function. In patients with unresponsive nerve function following TMS 17 recovered without sequelae (median, 11 weeks), whereas 3 of 20 (15%) developed deficits of motor function. Two of these latter cases suffered from synkinesias (one that was slight after surgical decompression of the facial nerve and one severe) while one had facial contractures but without motor deficits. Although TMS is not specific for predicting favorable prognosis of patients with Bell's palsy (sensitivity 39%, specificity 100%), results indicate that it is possible to select patients with excellent prognosis versus patients with a significant chance for sequelae (i.e., 15% of cases). Whether or not it is justified to initiate any kind of therapy as 'cost-effective' treatment has to be studied further.
Aphasia motora, facial paralysis and right hemiplegy after left dental abscess; The authors report a case of a 6 year old child who presented with dental abscess associated with a parietal and frontal cerebrite, right facial paralysis and motor aphasia. The clinical findings, radiological examination including computerized tomography and type of treatment are presented. At beginning, the patient did not respond to antimicrobial therapy and only after drainage of her dental abscess revealed good clinical evolution.
Double-blind placebo-controlled study of naftidrofuryl in the treatment of established Bell's palsy; A double-blind study evaluated naftidrofuryl in 21 cases of Bell's palsy with complete axonal degeneration and no response of the nerve to stimulation at inclusion in the trial, which occurred seven days after onset. Corticosteroid therapy was given to all patients. A clinical and electrophysiological evaluation was performed on days seven, 37, and 97. The naftidrofuryl group showed faster functional recovery with a return to normal of facial nerve motor latencies. Evoked motor response amplitudes for the four muscles evaluated (orbicularis oris, orbicularis oculi, mentalis muscle and corrugator supercilii) were significantly higher in naftidrofuryl group than in the control group. These data suggest that naftidrofuryl may be beneficial for the treatment of a frigore facial palsy.
Recognition and treatment of shingles; Varicella zoster virus (VZV) is responsible for a primary infection (varicella) followed by a latency, eventually resulting in herpes zoster (shingles). The replication cycle of VZV is normally interrupted after varicella. Consequently, VZV remains dormant in the organism. Reactivation occurs after viraemia, and the development of tissue alterations (skin and viscera) depends on the immunological status of the patient. Diagnosis of herpes zoster relies on clinical recognition and cytological and histological evaluations combined with immunohistochemistry and molecular biology techniques. Treatment of herpes zoster primarily relies upon antiviral drugs and incidentally on immunomodulating agents, specific immunoglobulins, antimicrobial agents, antiviral enzymes and corticosteroids. Drugs with a clinically relevant activity against varicella zoster virus infections include aciclovir, adenosine monophosphate, bromodeoxyuridine, desciclovir, fiacitabine, idoxuridine, interferon-α and vidarabine. Among them, aciclovir appears to be a first-line agent. Its efficacy has been well established by many clinical studies. Promising drugs for the future include famciclovir, penciclovir, valaciclovir and other molecules currently under investigation. Recent and promising improvements in antiviral drug development may increase patient compliance, cost-benefit ratios and therapeutic efficacy.
Surgical methods for treating facial paralysis in the elderly; The results of various surgical methods for treating facial paralysis have been evaluated in 34 elderly patients more than 60 years old. The surgery consisted of a brow lift (17 cases), Kuhnt-Szymanowski's method (12 cases), a fascia suspension (4 cases), a wedge resection of the lower lip (4 cases), lid loading with gold plate (5 cases), Gillies-Anderson's method of a temporal muscle transfer (18 cases) and Rubin's method (2 cases), a masseter muscle transfer (1 case), and a vascularized muscle transfer (23 cases). The results are enumerated below: 1) Neither a fascia suspension nor a muscle transfer was found effective for ptosis of the nasolabial region; 2) A combination of various surgical methods had to be used to treat severe ptosis in aged patients; 3) For the surgical repair of paralytic lagophthalmos, lid lifting is recommended, since Gillies-Andersen's method was found to be less effective because temporal muscle contractility is weak; 4) Muscle transplantation combined with a cross-face nerve graft was found effective for many aged patients, and a one-stage muscle transplantation using a hypoglossal nerve was also found useful, since it shortened the treatment period.
Long-term follow-up of nerve conduction velocity in cross-face nerve grafting for the treatment of facial paralysis; Motor nerve conduction velocity in a sural nerve graft crossing the face for the treatment of facial paralysis was measured postoperatively for more than 3 years. Forty-three cases of free gracilis muscle transplantation combined with a cross-face-nerve graft were evaluated. The cross-face nerve graft was stimulated at two sites more than 5 cm apart by bipolar stimulating electrodes, and conduction velocity was calculated by dividing the length of this segment by the difference between the latencies of the evoked action potentials recorded from the grafted muscle. A tendency toward increase in motor nerve conduction velocity was noticed even 3 years after the sural nerve graft. This suggests that the grafted nerve has the potential to recover over a long period of time. The average velocity in measurements after the third postoperative year was 40.5 ± 6.2 m/s (mean ± SD), which corresponds to the lower limit of the normal value for the sural or facial nerve.
Endoscopic subperiosteal forehead lift; The author evaluates the new endoscopic treatment of the upper part of the face. The application of the endoscopic method for treating the effects of aging introduces great expectation for aesthetic plastic surgery. The procedure is performed under the periosteum, through tiny incisions near the hairline. The technique consists of releasing the periosteum from the orbital rim and the resection of the muscles: corrugators, procerus, orbicularis, and eventually the frontal muscle. The author reviews 61 cases over a period of ten months.
Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome. Review of the literature.; The M.R.S. is an uncommon condition of uncertain pathogenesis and course. The classic triad of signs includes recurrent orofacial oedema, recurrent facial nerve palsy and lingua plica. Patient histories, histologic findings, clinical findings and treatment were reviewed in the literature. A comparison with medicines reported in literature revealed a different result. A conservative treatment approach is recommended.
Patient preferences for stroke outcomes; Background and Purpose: In clinical trials stroke is reported as a major morbid outcome, but the impact of stroke on patients is not directly assessed. This study examines patient preferences for different outcomes of stroke, including death. Methods: We presented patients with written case scenarios of stroke outcomes. The scenarios represented four categories of stroke severity (mild, moderate, severe, and fatal), and for nonfatal strokes the scenarios described motor, language, and cognitive deficits. Patients reported values for each of the 10 stroke scenarios using a rank-and-scale method over a 100-point range, with 100 representing perfect health and 0 corresponding to the worst possible health state. Results: One hundred seventeen of 209 consecutive patients at risk for stroke participated in this study. Severe strokes were uniformly rated as having low preference weights (mean±SD [median]; 3±4 [1] for disabling hemiplegia, 8±9 [5] for confusion, and 15±14 [10] for global aphasia), and severe motor impairment (a disabling hemiplegia) was rated as significantly worse than death. Even mild deficits resulted in substantial loss to patients (54±21 [55] for dysarthria and 53±21 [50] for mild anomia). Conclusions: Strokes may result in a wide variety of post-stroke consequences for patients. Severe strokes may be viewed by patients as tantamount to or worse than death. Even mild strokes may cause significant declines in patient preferences for health states. These data are useful in interpreting studies that report stroke and death, in designing new studies that measure stroke in at-risk populations, and in helping patients reach treatment decisions about therapies designed to prevent strokes.
Lyme borreliosis. Epidemiology and clinic with special regard to neuroborreliosis; Children are more likely than adults to be bitten by ticks and thus more likely to be infected by Borrelia burgdorferi. In a serosurvey the infection rate measured by IgG antibodies was 3.8%. In a prospective hospital based multicentre study 208 children with Lyme borreliosis were examined of whom 169 had Lyme neuroborreliosis which was diagnosed by detection of specific IgM-antibodies in the CSP using an IgM capture ELISA. The yearly incidence of Lyme neuroborreliosis was 5.8 cases/100,000 children ages 1 to 13. Facial palsy and aseptic meningitis accounted for nearly 90% of all cases with neuroborreliosis indicating striking differences in the clinical spectrum between children and adults. Lyme borreliosis proved to be the most frequently verifiable cause of acute peripheral facial palsy in children, causing every second case of this disorder in summer and autumn. Lyme borreliosis was the third most frequent cause of aseptic meningitis in childhood. Inflammatory changes of the cerebrospinal fluid along with the presence of specific antibodies are the conditio sine qua non for diagnosis of Lyme neuroborreliosis. High dose intravenous penicillin G proved to be highly effective in pediatric Lyme neuroborreliosis.
Pulmonary and central nervous system tuberculosis in an infant; A 19 months old male child was hospitalized, because of recurring fever and a sudden cranial nerve palsy (sixth nerve). The chest roentgenogram showed miliary tuberculosis. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain revealed disseminated tuberculous granulomas and vasculitis/perivasculitis without meningitis in the basal cisterns. In spite of immediate antituberculous chemotherapy the child developed additional left-sided hemiparesis and peripheral facial palsy. Control MRI of the brain on day 13, showed a new lesion in the right external capsule consistent with this hemiparesis. Within 2 months cranial nerve palsy VI and VII completely disappeared, whereas spastic hemiparesis of the left side is still present. Since the withdrawal of TB vaccination of all newborns in Austria in 1989 central nervous system tuberculosis should be taken into consideration more frequently when dealing with prolonged illness of unknown origin in infancy and early childhood.
Search for Lyme's disease in facial palsy. A prospective multicentric study in France; Objectives: Apparent a frigore facial palsy could possibly mask manifestations of unrecognized Lyme's disease. Since commonly used corticosteroid treatment could be deleterious if Borrelia burgdorferi infection was indeed the cause, we conducted a prospective study to search for possible infections in cases of recently diagnosed a frigore facial palsy. Methods: For 3 years, 1990-1992, 49 French centres diagnosed a facial palsy in 346 patients (310 adults, 36 children under 15 years of age; mean age 38; range 16 months to 83 years). The patients were divided into three groups: a) facial palsy alone, b) zoster origin recognized due to outer ear eruption and c) cases with meningoradiculitis or joint signs or cases with facial diplegia. A questionnaire was used to evaluate exposure to risk of tick bits. A control group was established with 246 serum samples from subjects matched with the patients for age, geographical origin and exposure to risk of tick bits. Laboratory tests (indirect immunofluorescence and Western blot) were performed to search for anti-Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies in serum samples, and cerebral spinal fluid when possible, collected at presentation, on day 30 and on day 90. Results: Sixty percent of the patients were urban dwellers, 15% lived in rural and 25% in semi-rural aeas. There were 294 patients with facial palsy alone and their serum results were compared with those of the matched controls. There was no significant difference in the positivity for Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies between these two groups. Conclusion: These findings indicate that, unless there are clinical signs suggestive of borreliosis, it would not be necessary to test for Lyme's disease in patients with apparent a frigore facial palsy.
Congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome: analysis of the first four reported Korean patients.; The advent of MRI technique has enabled the diagnosis of neuronal migration disorders(NMD) and made it possible to make "in vivo" diagnosis. Congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome(CBPS) is a recently described disease identify characterized by pseudobulbar palsy, epilepsy, mental retardation, and migration disorders in the bilateral perisylvian area. We have identified four CBPS patients based on neuroimaging and dysarthria patterns among the candidates for epilepsy surgery. All the patients had orofacial diplegia and variable degrees of mental retardation. In the spectrographic analysis of dysarthria, the loss of specific characteristics of formants of vowels and increment of noise in the high frequency formants were observed. Epilepsy was present in all, but only one patient showed intractable seizure requiring surgical intervention. MRI was most helpful in identifying NMD and polymicrogyria in both centroparietal areas in this context. Great alertness is needed to identify this disorder to determine the etiology of epilepsy and dysarthria of uncertain origin.
Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, ehrlichiosis: Emerging and established challenges for the clinician; Objective: The goal of this review is to facilitate the management of patients with tick-associated diseases. This article will discuss the epidemiology, clinical diagnosis, and antimicrobial therapy of Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, and ehrlichiosis. Data Sources: References are limited to the English language and extend back to the beginning of the twentieth century. The human and veterinary literature were reviewed. Sources include computerized databases and bibliographies of recent articles and books. Study Selection: Papers were selected on the basis of their timeliness, explanation of important findings by major investigators, extrapolation of clinical data from large patient populations, and clarification of controversial issues. Approximately 50% of the articles initially reviewed are included in the bibliography. Results: Standardization of laboratory testing for Lyme disease should facilitate more accurate diagnosis in the future. Clinical diagnosis of Rocky Mountain spotted fever and ehrlichiosis prior to laboratory confirmation is necessary in order to ensure timely institution of antimicrobial therapy. Conclusions: Knowledge of endemic regions and seasonal cycles of vectors, varying clinical presentations of disease and appropriate utilization of the laboratory are critical for the appropriate diagnosis and management of patients with tick- associated diseases.
Early results of gamma knife radiosurgery of acoustic neurinomas: An evaluation by forty-four cases; The authors have evaluated early results of gamma knife treatment of forty-four cases of acoustic neurinoma by follow-up MRIs and changes in the neurological signs every three months. The follow-up period ranged between 3 to 22 months (mean: 12 months). Enhanced MRI (T1 WI) at 3 to 6 months postoperatively revealed a region of low intensity at the center of tumor, which was re-enhanced at 9 to 12 months. Thereafter, in 11 cases (25%) the tumor size gradually decreased. As for side effects, facial nerve palsy after the radiosurgery appeared in 7 cases after the radiosurgery, three of which had been improving. Trigeminal nerve palsy was found in 3 cases. With regard to hearing, a deterioration of hearing was found in 11 out of 21 cases that showed hearing disturbances. A pathological study was made of one treated tumor, which was removed by surgery 11 months after the treatment. The findings included complete necrosis at the center of the tumor and degeneration of the tumor cells and vessels at the periphery of the tumor.
Further regional variants of acute immune polyneuropathy: Bifacial weakness or sixth nerve paresis with paresthesias, lumbar polyradiculopathy, and ataxia with pharyngeal-cervical-brachial weakness; Objective: To describe four syndromes of acute regional weakness with clinical, spinal fluid, and electrophysiologic similarities to the acute immune polyneuropathy of Guillain-Barre syndrome. Design: Case series of personally examined patients. Results: Seven patients are described: four with facial diplegia and distal limb paresthesias, one with sixth nerve palsy and distal paresthesias, one with bilateral lumbar polyradiculopathy, and one with combined Fisher's syndrome and pharyngeal-cervical-brachial weakness. These self-limited illnesses, which evolved over days or weeks, involved acellular cerebrospinal fluid with raised protein concentration and electrophysiologic findings that were consistent with a demyelinating polyneuropathy. Conclusions: The first three regional variants of Guillain- Barre syndrome may cause diagnostic difficulty, particularly at the onset of illness, and the fourth links Fisher's syndrome with the typical syndrome. The consistently bilateral weakness of Guillain-Barre syndrome and its regional variants and the absence of a monoparetic or hemiparetic pattern suggest that the pathologic process occurs in the same single or contiguous groups of nerves on both sides of the sagittal plane but is not randomly distributed in the peripheral nervous system.
Development of a new documentation system for facial movements as a basis for the international registry for neuromuscular reconstruction in the face; None of the paresis scoring systems used satisfies an adequate description of all the details necessary to document the degree of facial paresis before and after any treatment. We developed a new documentation system considering all details of the history of the patient and of the treatment that could have any influence on the functional result. The third part of this 'international registry for neuromuscular reconstruction in the face' concerns paralysis assessment, including quantitative measurements of the resting and moving face, besides qualitative parameters. A map of standardized static and dynamic points in the face was designed, and three- dimensional measurements of the movements of these facial points were performed with a VICON system in 16 healthy individuals. On the basis of the results, three real static points and representative dynamic points were selected as well as relations of these points most representative for the different facial movements. For data collection, a simple instrument (Frey's faciometer) was developed. A preliminary report is given on the clinical application of this new instrument.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and de novo autosomal t(9;21)(p11;p11) translocation; In this report we describe a 26-year-old female with the typical clinical symptoms and signs of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, an autosomal dominant disorder with variable expression, and a de novo t(9;21)(p11;p11), and suggest that the 'Melkersson-Rosenthal gene' is located at 9p11.
Ocular disease and Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome; Authors describe three cases of complete Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome, clinically defined by Belly's paralysis, macrocheilitis and plicated tongue. One case presented a keratoconjunctivitis secca. Authors discuss about the etiopathogenesis of this syndrome.
Indium 111-labeled white blood cell scintigraphy as an unreliable indicator of malignant external otitis resolution; The field of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery has seen many advances in the treatment and prognosis of malignant external otitis (MEO). However, establishing the resolution of the infection remains problematic. A recent report suggests that indium 111-labeled white blood cell scintigraphy may be a reliable and timely indicator of resolution of infection. We present a case of a false-negative white blood cell scan in a patient with persistent MEO. A discussion of this case and a review of the literature illustrate that there continues to be no 'gold standard' for establishing MEO resolution.
Tuberculous arthritis in children: Diagnosis by needle biopsy of the synovium; In two children ages 8 months and 4 years, tuberculous synovitis of the knee was suggested by pathologic examination of synovial tissue obtained through needle biopsy. Culture of the biopsy material was positive for Mycobacterium tuberculosis in one case. In this child, the tuberculin test was negative, in the absence of anergy, at the time the child was first evaluated, and the primary lung lesion was not identified by the radiologist. Tuberculous synovitis has not previously been recognized as part of primary tuberculosis during the early weeks when the tuberculin skin test may be negative. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a sensitive modality for demonstrating joint fluid, synovial hypertrophy, and associated osteomyelitis, if present. With the increasing frequency of cases of tuberculosis in the population, greater awareness of the risk of tuberculous arthritis in childhood is important in order to recognize this unusual presentation. If negative early on, the tuberculin skin test should be repeated after 6 weeks of arthritis. A needle biopsy of the synovium is helpful and appropriate in all children with monoarticular arthritis who have a positive tuberculin skin test.
Treatment of acute otitis media and its complications; Acute otitis media is extremely common in children under 6 years of age. This article reviews the pathogenesis and epidemiology of this problem. Treatments are outlined, including choice of antibiotics, decision-making for tympanocentesis, and approaches to recurrent otitis media. Complications such as mastoiditis, although rare, still occur and are discussed. Prevention of acute otitis media also is reviewed, including information on vaccines.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal's syndrome is characterized by recurrent or persistent oedema of the lips or the face; the fissured tongue, and intermittent paralysis of the facial nerve. Oligosymptomatic forms are more common than the triad. The syndrome is rarely encountered, it is aetiologycally obscure, the laboratory findings are not specific, but differential diagnosis is very complex, especially in conditions of recurrent and hereditary angioedema. The authors report two cases of the syndrome: the first with the triad and mild neurological symptoms, and the second with two syndrome elements, oedema of the lips and the fissured tongue. Pathohistological results of the biopsy samples of oral mucosa revealed the advanced phase with granulomatous lesions in one case, and early phase with oedema of the connective tissue and perivascular lymphocyte infiltration in the second. Allergic genesis was ruled out, based on negative results of numerous laboratory and clinical tests. Glycocorticoid therapy with antihistaminics and anabolica resulted in clinical improvement.
Ophthalmic manifestations in lyme borreliosis: A review; Lyme borreliosis is an emerging tickborne spirochetal infection characterized by a broad variety of symptoms, ranging from neurologic disorders and different skin manifestations to cardiac symptoms. Many ocular and neuro-ophthalmic symptoms have recently been attributed to Lyme disease. Especially in endemic areas ophthalmologists need to be aware of Borrelia burgdorferi as a possible causal agent. The aim of this paper is to present a short review of the literature of ophthalmic disorders resulting from Borrelia burgdorferi infections.
Facial paralysis secondary to tympanic mucormycosis: Case report; Mucormycosis is a saprophytic fungal disease. In the region of the head, it has been recognized to invade nasal cavity, paranasal sinus, orbit, or intracranial structures. However, unique involvement of the middle ear, with facial paralysis, still remains unreported. An unusual experience with a diabetic who developed this disease is described. Surgical debridement and amphotericin B administration resulted in near-total cure. The significance of this report is to add a new site involved by mucormycosis, that is, the tympanic cavity.
Identification of Lyme disease; The identification of Lyme disease is an important, rewarding process. In early disease, the presence of EM, the geographic location of the patient, and the time of year are critical in assessing the likelihood of Lyme disease. Beyond this, it is important to have a high index of suspicion in early Lyme disease, because the rash may be atypical or absent, the early flu-like features can be nonspecific, and at this stage seroreactivity to B. burgdorferi may be lacking. Treatment is always with antibiotics and is highly successful. In late Lyme disease, the issues are different. Most individuals presenting with questions about late Lyme disease do not have the disorder. The clinician must recognize characteristic, objective disease manifestations such as oligoarthritis or chronic meningitis and avoid the diagnosis in individuals with 'chronic fatigue' alone. Serologic testing is useful because few, if any, individuals with late Lyme disease will be seronegative. Serologic testing should not be indiscriminate, however, because false positives are common. Most patients with late Lyme disease are cured with antibiotics, but the response to successful treatment may be slow. In a minority of patients, there is a role for managing disease that cannot be cured (for example, anti-inflammatory medication, physical therapy, reassurance) as in other rheumatic diseases.
Solid facial persistent edema of young people. Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; We report a case of solid persistant facial oedema in a 18-year-old woman. A biopsy specimen from the nose demonstrating lympho-epithelioid granulomas and an electro-neuro-myographic examination revealing sub-clinical sequellae from an old right facial palsy, led to the definite diagnosis of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS). We focuse on the differential diagnosis of persistent facial oedema and outline the difficulties to establish the diagnosis of MRS when all features of the classic triad 'recurrent labial edema-facial nerve palsy-lingua plicata' are not present.
Circulatory effects of stellate ganglion block in idiopathic facial palsy; The circulatory effects of stellate ganglion block (SGB) on the blood flow through the common carotid artery were determined in 35 patients in acute phase of idiopathic facial palsy (Bell's palsy). SGB was performed by para- tracheal approach with 8 ml of 1% mepivacaine. The blood flow was measured with an ultrasonic blood flowmeter before and 30 minutes after SGB at both sides of the common carotid artery in 20 cases. Measurement was performed continuously for 90 minutes on the palsy side in the other 15 patients. Before SGB, there were no significant differences between the blood flow of the palsy side and the intact side. Thirty minutes after SGB, the blood flow markedly increased to 169.4±6.2% on the performed side with no change on the non-performed side in 20 cases. In the other 15 patients, the blood flow increased significantly 5 minutes after SGB and reached its peak of 179.7±11.1% at 20 minutes later. This increase continued for 75 minutes after SGB. It is well known that impaired microcirculation in the facial nerve has an important role in the pathophysiology of Bell's palsy. In view of the fact that the nutrient arteries for the facial nerve are the peripheral branches of the external carotid artery, we believe that SGB which causes significant increase in the blood flow through the common carotid artery is an effective treatment in Bell's palsy.
An experimental model to study the blink reflex; A model to study the blink reflex in the experimental setting has been established. The behavioral, electrophysiologic, pathologic, and surgical methods and results obtained parallel those utilized and observed in the human and simulate the problem of facial paralysis. The observation that the blink can be elicited in an animal model, with the same stimuli as in humans, strengthens the value of this model, as do the similarities seen in the electrophysiologic recordings of NCV studies. The dual innervation of the rat eye sphincter allows application of the principle of selectively neurectomizing eye branches and 'borrowing' motor-nerve fibers from the normal side, without causing eye-sphincter paralysis, a concept employed extensively in cross-facial nerve-grafting procedures in humans with facial paralysis.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: distal facial nerve branch palsies, masseter myopathy and corticosteroid treatment.; We described a case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in whom facial nerve branch palsies and an isolated masseter muscle atrophy were found in association with indolent multifocal facial soft tissue swellings. Non-caseating granuloma was found by the biopsy of swollen upper lip. Facial nerve conduction studies showed extremely low amplitude of compound muscle action potentials with slightly elevated distal latencies. Electromyogram of the atrophic masseter muscle indicated myogenic process. The persistent swellings responded dramatically to a 3 day-course of intravenous methylprednisolone (1,000 mg/day) followed by maintenance oral prednisolone but the facial nerve branch palsies responded rather slowly. Granulomatous involvements of the distal facial nerve branches and consequent wallerian degeneration appear responsible for this type of facial paralysis in Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and thus corticosteroid be used for a prolonged period in order to ensure the functional improvement.
Familial hemifacial spasm; Two brothers developed hemifacial spasm at 63 and 70 years of age. Spasms occurred on the left and right sides of the face, respectively. Computed tomography scan and magnetic resonance imaging failed to show any abnormality. In addition, a third sibling reported a history of a peripheral facial palsy, which remitted spontaneously without sequelae. This is the fourth description of familial hemifacial spasms. This family is unique in that hemifacial spasm presented on different sides in the two brothers, and involvement was limited to one generation. Age at onset was later than for other familial cases and similar to sporadic cases.
Heerfordt syndrome; The Heerfordt syndrome is characterized by fever, uveitis, swelling of parotid gland and facial nerve palsy, and 39 cases have been reported in Japan until 1993'. In the present review, we mainly focused on those clinical cases reported. Most patients were between 20 and 40 years of age, and females appeared to have greater risk than males. The definite diagnosis of this syndrome is established histologically according to sarcoidosis. In addition 67 gallium scan is helpful for diagnosis, and it shows increased uptake of Ga to the ophthal lesions, parotid glands and hilar lesions. Therapeutic trial with prednisolone is sometimes required especially for facial palsy.
Salivary duct carcinoma of the parotid gland. Case report and review of the literature; Salivary duct carcinoma is an uncommon neoplasm which was first described by Kleinsasser et al. in 1968. They pointed out the histologic resemblance of this tumor to ductal carcinoma of the breast and termed it salivary duct carcinoma. Since then, about sixty cases, including some with suspicious pathologic pictures, have been reported. The characteristic microscopic features of salivary duct carcinoma are composed of comedo necrosis, a cribriform and papillary pattern of intraductal growth and aggressive infiltration to adjacent structures. Salivary duct carcinoma, which is the highest-grade malignancy among salivary gland tumors, must be treated aggressively with curative extended surgery. We present the case of a 74-year-old woman with salivary duct carcinoma of the parotid gland. She complained of left facial palsy and left subaural mass. For this advanced tumor involving facial palsy and subaural cutaneous invasion, en block resection with cutaneous reconstruction with a deltopectoral flap and postoperative radiation therapy was performed. She is alive without evidence of recurrence more than four years after this combined therapy.
Magnetic resonance imaging-enhancing lesions of the labyrinth and facial nerve: Clinical correlation; Objective: Gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is useful in assessing inflammatory and neoplastic lesions of the labyrinth and facial nerve. The following cases demonstrate the ability of MRI to differentiate neoplastic from inflammatory lesions within the labyrinth. Patients or Other Participants: Nine patients were selected with enhancing lesions of the labyrinth and the facial nerve identified on MRI. Intervention: Acyclovir and prednisone were prescribed for herpes zoster oticus; surgical removal of neoplastic lesions was performed. Main Outcome Measure: The hypothesis was developed in the course of clinical practice. No planned outcome was emphasized, as this article is based on the differential diagnoses of the cases reported. Results: Gadolinium-enhanced MRI is useful in differentiating neoplastic from inflammatory lesions within the labyrinth. Axial and coronal 3-mm sections with gadolinium enhancement were necessary for identifying these lesions and particularly for recognizing the sharp enhancement of the neoplastic margin in contrast to the dull cloudy margins of an inflammatory lesion. Conclusions: The MRI differentiation of these lesions is helpful in providing appropriate medical and surgical management of neoplastic and inflammatory lesions of the labyrinth.
Magnetic resonance imaging of C2 segmental type of vertebral artery; Two cases with C2 segmental type of vertebral artery (VA) were reported. One case was a 64-year-old man, who was referred to our hospital suffering from vertigo, ataxia, and right facial palsy. Computed tomography (CT) scan showed multiple lacunae in the basal ganglia bilaterally. Another case was a 47-year-old man, complaining of left hemiparesthesia. A small high density area with a little enhancement was seen in the right parietal region in CT scan, and the lesion was diagnosed as cavernous angioma. Angiography of both cases depicted the vertebral artery not passing through the transverse foramen of the Atlas, but running medioposterior to it, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and CT findings showed the vertebral artery running between the Atlas and Axis, and entering into the spinal canal. In our experience of 1669 sides in 1436 cases, such anomaly of the vertebral artery was found in ten cases including the two abovementioned. Six cases of such anomaly have previously been reported, but demonstration of the VA coursing between Atlas and Axis by MRI has not been published in the literature. During surgical therapy on the upper cervical spine, especially when using a posterior approach, or C1-C2 lateral puncture, the possibility of an anomalous vertebral artery, as in our cases, should be taken into consideration.
Transtympanic facial nerve injury in welders; The risk for ear injury from molten metal or hot sparks produced during welding procedures is small, but the effects can be significant. Burns, tympanic membrane perforations and chronic otorrhoea are the most common results. Rare cases of inner ear injury and facial nerve paralysis have also been reported. Two cases recently encountered at our institution highlight the risk that exists for facial nerve injury. One patient suffered a significant facial nerve injury and deafness, while the other had a transient facial paresis. The injuries occurred when molten metal (slag) and a hot spark fell into the ear canal while welding. Neither subject was using ear protection at the time. These two cases are presented to highlight the rare but significant hazard of transtympanic facial nerve injury that exists during welding procedures. The use of ear protection is strongly advocated during welding operations that place the ear at risk.
A trans-parotid approach to the osteosynthesis of fractures of the mandibular condyle. A study apropos of 30 cases; The authors report a homogeneous series of 30 cases with fractures of the mandibular condyles treated by internal fixation with a mini-plaque via the transparotidial route. The patient were treated between 1987 and 1992, with a minimum follow-up of one year. The transparotidial route has the reputation of being dangerous because of the proximity of the facial nerve and the poor vascular supply to the condyle. It is described in detail. Indications are exclusively extra-articular fractures. Complications were observed although no definitive facial nerve paralysis was seen. The authors conclude that the best indications are subcondylian fractures with or without luxation. In cases with luxation, it is important to verify the menisco-ligament system simultaneously. The authors emphasize the complementary nature of this treatment with the functional method.
Malignant external otitis - 10 Years experience; The authors studied 12 cases of malignant exterial otitis between 1982 and 1992, at ENT Department of Hospital das Clinicas da Universidade de Sao Paulo. The disease was most prevalent in the male sex and between ages 21-30 and older than 60. Diabetes was present in 50% of the patients. Otorrhea was the main complaint (100%), followed by pain (58%). Most of the patients had some kind of neurosensorial hearing loss (75%). Facial palsy occurred, as a complication, in 58%. All patients were submitted to drug treatment and only one had to go to the operating room. The aim of this paper is to discuss the diagnostic, treatment and prognostic problems.
Hemifacial spasm Botulinus toxin treatment; Hemifacial spasm (idiopathic in 9 cases or following a facial nerve palsy in 9 cases) can represent a real handicap for the patient. The treatment, consisting of repeated botulinus toxin injections, is only proposed when a compression of the nerve (BERA, IRM, EMG, surgical exploration in young patients) has been excluded and when medical treatment has proved unsuccessful. 18 patients were treated with these injections. Subjective results are considered satisfactory in 100% of cases. Objective results are good in 60% of cases and moderate in 40%. Two transient complications were observed: one facial palsy and one case of dry eye.
Magnetic transcranial and electrical stylomastoidal stimulation of the facial motor pathways in Bell's palsy: Time course and relevance of electrophysiological parameters; Facial nerve motor neurography was performed at various times after the onset of Bell's palsy in 97 patients. Stimulation of the facial nerve was performed (1) electrically in the fossa stylomastoidea (ElStim), and (2) magnetically in the labyrinthine segment of the facial canal (MagStim), evaluating different coil positions over the skull. Additionally, the face-associated motor cortex was stimulated magnetically in 47 patients (CxStim). A marked reduction of the amplitudes of the compound muscle action potentials (CMAP) evoked by MagStim on either m. nasalis or mentalis, or both, was observed which was clearly more pronounced than the amplitude reduction to ElStim. This discrepancy occurred very early during the disease, the mean amplitude (expressed in percent of the amplitude on the unaffected side) being 82% (S.D. 9.1) for ElStim and 1% (2.7) for MagStim at days 0-4. It persisted for several months, often when facial nerve function had recovered to normal, as assessed by clinical observation, ElStim, and CxStim. This amplitude decrease to MagStim, which appears to be related to a locally enhanced stimulation threshold of the facial nerve, is a very sensitive and reproducible finding in Bell's palsy. It may prove specific of the disorder, of diagnostic value, and of interest in the follow-up of patients during treatment trials.
Treatment of petrous bone cholesteatoma; Cholesteatoma involving the petrous compartment of the temporal bone is rare and is a difficult surgical challenge for the neuro-otological surgeon. A series of 60 cases of petrous bone cholesteatoma is presented. The diagnosis, surgical treatment, results, and complications are discussed. Our present surgical attitude is based on closed obliterative procedures that allow a wide field exposure with radical removal excision, control and protection of vital structures, and management of problems related to the facial nerve. The treatment of dura mater involved by matrix is still unsolved. Regular follow-up with CT and MRI is mandatory.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and Crohn's disease: One disease or two? Report of a case and discussion of the literature; In 1985, a 19-year-old woman had clinical features suggesting anorectal Crohn's disease. Two years later, swelling of the vulva associated with perianal swelling developed. The clinical manifestations responded to oral prednisone until 1989, when she returned with a swelling of the upper lip, a polypoid lesion of the oral buccal mucosa, and swelling of the anus and vulva. The lip biopsy demonstrated granulomas. The illness failed to respond to systemic immunosuppressive therapy, wider consultation was made, and the diagnosis of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome was made. Such an appearance of this rare condition is unusual. We describe her case and discuss the literature, raising the possibility that the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and Crohn's disease are the same condition with different initial clinical appearances.
Aesthetic indications for botulinum toxin injection; A clinical trial was undertaken to evaluate the effects of commercially available botulinum toxin on 14 hyperactive corrugator muscles, 14 procerus muscles, one case of congenital aplasia of the depressor labii inferioris muscle, and one case of iatrogenic injury to the ramus mandibularis branch of the facial nerve with paralysis of the depressor labii and mentalis muscles. Of the 31 muscles injected, 28 were appropriately paralyzed with the initial injection. The desired results were obtained in the 3 remaining muscles following a second injection. The ability to frown was nullified in all subjects, resulting in the elimination of glabellar lines. Facial symmetry was achieved in both patients with muscle imbalance. The average duration of the paralysis was 8 weeks, with a range of 2 to 16 weeks. However, this period was prolonged in the latter part of the study with an adjustment of the toxin dose. Our results demonstrate that botulinum toxin injected into overactive facial muscles does produce a predictable and reversible paralysis and eliminates or ameliorates deep frown lines. We also illustrate its use in achieving facial symmetry in one patient with congenitally absent depressor labii inferioris and platysma muscles and in another with postrhytidectomy facial nerve paralysis.
Physician beliefs, attitudes, and approaches toward lyme disease in an endemic area; To assess the beliefs and practice habits regarding Lyme disease among practitioners, questionnaires were sent to physicians in a seven-county Lyme- endemic region. One hundred twenty-four evaluable responses were returned from 53 family physicians, 39 pediatricians, 27 internists, and five subspecialists who diagnosed three to four cases of Lyme disease per year, on average. The majority presented with erythema migrans (EM) or other early symptoms, although arthritis was the presenting sign in 16%. The enzyme- linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was the most frequently ordered diagnostic test, but 45% of respondents did not specify which test when ordering Lyme serology. The majority would use amoxicillin or doxycycline to treat EM in children or adults, respectively. Nearly all would use ceftriaxone for meningitis, and half would use it to treat Lyme arthritis or Bell's palsy. Physicians differed markedly in the duration of therapy they would prescribe. Eighty-three percent would treat a patient for possible Lyme disease with antibiotics (many intravenously), even in the absence of EM or positive serology. Thirty-five percent of practitioners prescribed antibiotics for deer-tick bites. Our survey documents significant variation in approaches to Lyme disease among primary-care physicians and suggests the need for well- designed clinical trials, continuing basic research, and physician education.
Diagnosis and treatment for Bell's palsy associated with diabetes mellitus; The method of detecting diabetes mellitus and estimating the diabetic control status in patients with Bell's palsy, and the effect of high-dose steroid therapy for Bell's palsy accompanied by diabetes were investigated. From October 1987, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was introduced to detect diabetes in 288 out of 372 patients with Bell's palsy, as a screening test for DM. Thirty-six diabetics with complete facial palsy were treated by high dose steroid therapy as described by Stennert. Hemoglobin A1c was useful in diagnosing diabetes and in assessing the diabetic control. Many patients under diabetic therapy kept their diabetes under good control. In cases of complete palsy, high-dose steroid therapy, at a cure rate of 97.4%, was highly effective in treating diabetes-accompanied Bell's palsy.
Clinical advantages of electroneurography in patients with Bell's palsy within two weeks after onset; One of the advantages of applying ENoG to patients with Bell's palsy resides in its quantitative determinability for the axons which do not undergo wallerian degeneration. The relation between the ENoG value each day after onset and during the recovery process was investigated in 551 patients with Bell's palsy within 2 weeks after onset in order to consider the diagnostic value of ENoG. It was discovered that ENoG on patients with Bell's palsy makes it possible to reveal the extent of wallerian degeneration by 7 days after the onset of palsy. Accordingly, treatment of Bell's palsy should be administered within the above 7 days; as early as 8 days after onset, exact prognostic diagnosis and judgment of therapeutic effect from ENoG values were concluded to be practible.
Facial nerve palsy in children: Clinical aspects of diagnosis and treatment; Eighty-two children with facial palsy aged less than 6 years were examined. Sixty-four cases, excluding patients with congenital and traumatic palsy, were distributed through the ages, but a predominant tendency to symptomatic palsy for cases aged less than 2 years was observed. Facial movement scoring was not practical in prognostic diagnosis in cases aged under 4 years, while ENoG was useful in all age-groups. Of 58 cases of acute peripheral facial palsy, 29 were observed clinically but given no treatment, 9 were given steroids, and 16 were given vitamins and other drugs. In the patients with acute peripheral facial palsy in whom a follow up study was performed, 56 cases (96.6%) showed complete recovery. The time of recovery was independent of treatment. Facial palsy in children is considered to have a good prognosis regardless of treatment. Steroid administration thus does not appear to be necessary in children with acute facial palsy.
Primary surgical management for rehabilitation of the paralyzed eye; Protection of the eye is the primary concern in managing the patient with facial paralysis; however, the aesthetic consequences cannot be overlooked. Lagophthalmos has traditionally been treated with frequent ocular lubrication, medical eye care, and tarsorrhaphy. This approach is fraught with the difficulties of poor patient compliance and unacceptable cosmesis. We suggest a protocol for the complete ocular management with emphasis on immediate rather than delayed surgical rehabilitation as a primary therapy in facial paralysis. Gold weight implantation to the upper lid and tightening of the lower lid at the lateral canthus are simple and reliable procedures that provide immediate functional and aesthetic improvement. This surgical technique has extremely low morbidity and is reversible should facial function return. We have used this protocol in more than 30 patients with excellent results.
Herpes zoster of the geniculate ganglion therapeutic concepts; Since 1986, we have treated thirty seven Ramsay-Hunt syndromes, out of two hundred and eight peripheral acute facial palsies. Twenty patients were seen before the third week of evolution, ten of whom benefitted from a treatment with Acyclovir administered intravenously for seven days at the dose of 30 mg/kg-1 day-1. Seventeen were examined late, after three weeks. The compared functional prognosis of the different subgroups shows significant differences: patients treated with Acyclovir early all recovered a normal facial function within six months. For the others, the functional prognosis even after surgical treatment was mediocre, in agreement with the reputation of severity of virus zoster varicella (VZV) impairment.
Quinapril and hydrochlorothiazide combination for control of hypertension: Assessment by factorial design; A factorial design method was applied in this multicentre trial of the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor quinapril hydrochloride (Accupril) in combination with the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ) to assess the additive effects of the combination versus monotherapy, to characterise the dose-response relationship of each drug in the presence of the other and to determine if quinapril would attenuate the hypokalemic effect of HCTZ. Following a two to four week placebo-baseline period, 460 qualifying patients with a DBP ≥ 100 mmHg and ≤ 115 mmHg were randomised to an eight week double-blind phase with one of 16 parallel treatments: placebo, one of three doses of quinapril monotherapy, one of three doses of HCTZ monotherapy or one of nine possible corresponding combinations of quinapril and HCTZ. Mean reductions in sitting SBP/DBP at trough with combination therapy ranged from 7.8 mmHg/7.2 mmHg to 19.6 mmHg/15.1 mmHg (n = 458). Results of the response surface analyses indicate that the effects of the two drugs were additive and that the maximum antihypertensive effect of quinapril in combination with HCTZ within the doses studied is achieved approximately at a dose of 26 mg quinapril and 25 mg HCTZ. The degree of attenuation of the hypokalemic effect of HCTZ was directly related to the dose of quinapril. At 40 mg quinapril, the HCTZ dose-related decreases of serum potassium were not apparent and overall hypokalemic effects were attenuated by quinapril. Thus, the combination of quinapril and HCTZ given once daily provided additive antihypertensive effects of predictable degrees and the addition of quinapril attenuated the hypokalemic effect of HCTZ.
Facial nerve rehabilitation - The role of physiotherapy; A physiotherapy programme designed to maximise recovery following facial paralysis is presented. Treatment includes thermal stimulation and soft tissue massage at the stage of complete lower motor neurone paralysis, and specific facial muscle exercises when movement recommences. Motor Sensory Re-Education (M.S.R.E.) or biofeedback is employed to increase facial muscle activity, or to decrease other activity in the case of synkinesis.
Successful cross facial nerve grafting following prolonged facial palsy; A 23 year old female with an 18 month history of right sided facial palsy following surgery for a fourth ventricle venous angioma was successfully treated with a cross facial nerve graft. The functional and aesthetic advantages of reinervating the facial musculature in this young patient. despite the long duration of palsy, warranted an attempt at treatment using the cross facial graft. Hyperkinesis on the nonparalysed side in the form of a facial tic further facilitated this method of reanimation. This paper demonstrates that cross facial nerve grafting continues to have an application in the management of facial palsy.
Oro-facial granulomatosis. A review of literature with report of five cases.; Five cases of oro-facial granulomatosis are reported. The literature pertaining to this and related lesions is reviewed with respect to diagnosis, histology and management of the lesions.
Gangliosides: Their role in clinical neurology; Gangliosides are normal constituent of mammalian vertebrate cell membranes and are particularly abundant in the central and peripheral nervous systems. The biological effects of exogenously administered gangliosides have been extensively investigated in vitro and in experimental animal models where they have neuronotrophic and neuritogenic properties. Despite these findings there is still little evidence that treatment with parenteral gangliosides in humans can be effective in peripheral neuropathies or other neuromuscular diseases. The initial preliminary reports on the positive effects of GM1 in cerebrovascular diseases and spinal cord injury need to be confirmed in larger controlled trials. At the same time the occasional development of an acute motor neuropathy clinically presenting as the Guillain-Barre syndrome and associated with high titres of anti-ganglioside antibodies highlights the risks of their widespread use before more consistent data on their efficacy become available.
Orbital myositis as a paraneoplastic syndrome; We describe a patient with bilateral orbital myositis, multiple cranial neuropathies, a sensory polyneuropathy, serum and cerebrospinal fluid paraproteins, and high-grade non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Neurologic symptoms began more than 1 year before diagnosis of the lymphoma. Results of extraocular muscle biopsy showed extensive destruction of myofibers and granulomatous features, with no evidence of direct tumor involvement. The cranial neuropathies and orbital myositis improved with immunosuppressive therapy, while the patient's tumor progressed. We believe the orbital myositis and the multiple neurologic abnormalities were paraneoplastic effects of the lymphoma. To our knowledge, this is the first case of orbital myositis identified as a paraneoplastic syndrome.
Rigid fixation of mandibular fractures: Does operator experience reduce complications?; Rigid internal fixation (RIF) is a frequently used method of reduction and immobilization of mandibular fractures. It has been postulated that the unexpectedly high complication rates reported in early studies of RIF were related to operator inexperience. The objective of this study was to determine if increased operator experience with RIF would result in a lower complication rate. Two 24-month patient care periods, separated by an intervening 12 months to avoid overlap, were evaluated retrospectively. Group 1 (n = 69 patients) represented the early experience and group 2 (n = 76 patients) the more recent data. The results of the study demonstrate a downward trend in the complication rate as surgeon experience increased. This improvement, however, was not statistically significant, and other factors may play a more important role in reducing complications.
Patients' attitude about outcomes and the role of gamma knife radiosurgery in the treatment of vestibular Schwannomas; IN ONE STRATEGY for the treatment of unilateral vestibular schwannomas measuring up to 3 cm in diameter, decision analysis shows that gamma knife radiosurgery has probabilistic dominance over microsurgical resection. That is, radiosurgery produces better results for any value assigned to treatment outcomes (ranked from best to worst) of the following: no complications, hearing loss only, residual/recurrent tumor, facial paralysis, major disability, or death. This little-known principle of decision analysis will be explained. It implies that when patients prefer the preservation of facial nerve function, even if that requires leaving a tumor remnant, then gamma knife radiosurgery is a better treatment strategy than microsurgical resection.
Management of traumatic facial nerve paralysis with carotid artery cavernous sinus fistula; Massive skull base injuries require detailed preoperative neurological and neurovascular assessment prior to undertaking surgical repair of isolated cranial nerve deficits. We present the management of a patient with traumatic facial paralysis, cerebrospinal fluid leak, and carotid artery cavernous sinus fistula as the result of a gunshot wound to the skull base. The carotid artery cavernous sinus fistula was ultimately controlled with superselective embolization via the vertebral artery. The facial nerve injury was then safely treated with mobilization of the labyrinthine and vertical segments to allow a primary anastomosis.
Development of infant botulism in a 3-year-old female with neuroblastoma following autologous bone marrow transplantation: Potential use of human botulism immune globulin; Infant botulism is a rare disease caused by the release of toxin produced in the intestinal tract by Clostridium botulinum. The disease primarily affects infants under 1 year of age. We report a 3-year-old child with stage IV neuroblastoma who developed symptoms of progressive motor weakness, bulbar palsy and respiratory failure 42 days after autologous BMT. The diagnosis of infant botulism was established by identifying botulism toxin in the stool. Human botulism immune globulin (HBIG) was administered. Following the diagnosis, the patient made significant recovery over the next 7 weeks and was successfully extubated from mechanical ventilation. However, her neuroblastoma eventually recurred and she subsequently died of progressive disease. Although the etiology of the development of infant botulism in this case following autologous BMT still remains unclear, alteration of the intestinal microbial environment from gut sterilization and laminar airflow room isolation or, alternatively, immune suppression during pre- and post-autologous BMT and activation of endogenous spores may have contributed to the development of this disease. The use of HBIG in children with botulism over 1 year of age may be beneficial.
Parotid pleomorphic adenomas and their recurrences; Even today, a wide variety of techniques are performed in parotid pleomorphic adenoma surgery, ranging from enucleation to total parotidectomy. This study reports the results of our experiences. Among a total of 587 surgically treated parotid lesions at the Homburg/Saar University ENT Department from 1968 through 1991, 205 were parotid pleomorphic adenomas. Among these, 166 patients received primary surgery at our department. Twenty-one enucleations led to 3 recurrent tumors (14%), while 108 superficial parotidectomies had 3 recurrences (2.8%). Fifteen extended superficial parotidectomies also produced 3 recurrences (20%) and 22 total parotidectomies had one recurrent case (4.5%). The overall recurrence rate was 6%, but increased to 8.3% in 5 years, 9.5% in 10 years and 12.5% in 15 years follow-up. The 'true' overall recurrence rate after 10 years was estimated to be between 9.5 and 20% and that for lateral parotidectomies between 4.4 and 13%. Patients younger than 30 years of age at the time of primary surgery developed a tumor recurrence in 17% of all cases. The overall recurrence rate following secondary surgery was 13%. Clinical findings and surgical techniques for resections of pleomorphic adenomas and their recurrences are discussed. Segmental parotidectomy is the preferred treatment, but may have to be changed locally to enucleation in some cases in order to preserve the facial nerve.
Facial nerve lesions in gunshot injuries of the temporofacial region; Experiences and difficulties in the preoperative diagnostics and treatment of facial nerve lesions concerning nine injuries of the temporofacial region caused by firearms projectiles are presented. Otosurgery treatment of the damaged nerve occurred from the 8th to 22nd day, after the vital functions normalization and taking care of maxillofacial region injuries. Apart from facial nerve paralysis, in 7 injured cophosis occurred, but immediately after they had been injured all had vertiginous disorders. Before detecting the place of the nerve lesion complete skeletization of the fallopian tube was done. Since in four cases there was a complete disconnection of the facial nerve distally from stylomastoid foramen, authors point to the importance of nerve exploration in this segment. In all cases development of connective tissue was expressed just like granulation of mastoid cells and cavum, and in 4 injured there are clear signs of infection at the place of nerve lesion, so that there is a need to perform the operation as early as possible.
The epileptic spectrum in the congenital bilateral perisylvian syndrome; We studied the frequency, clinical and EEG characteristics, and outcome of the epileptic syndrome in 31 patients with a congenital neurologic syndrome characterized by pseudobulbar palsy, cognitive deficits, and bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria. Seizures were present in 27 of 31 patients (87%) and usually began between the ages of 4 and 12 years; they commonly consisted of atypical absence, atonic/tonic, and generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Partial attacks were present in 26%. EEG demonstrated generalized spike and wave abnormalities and, less frequently, multifocal discharges, predominantly in centro-parietal regions. Seizures were poorly controlled in 65%, with the remaining patients well controlled. Seven patients underwent callosotomy, which resulted in seizure improvement. This study indicates that the epileptic spectrum in this syndrome is broad but follows predictable patterns. Callosotomy is a valuable treatment strategy in those with intractable drop attacks.
Secretory function of the salivary gland in patients with taste disorders--correlations between zinc deficiency and secretory functions of the salivary glands; Not a few patients with taste disorders complain of xerostomia as another subjective symptom. When zinc is subscribed, the xerostomia is often reduced in conjunction with the taste disorders. In this study, therefore, a trial was made to detect xerostomia objectively by determining the function of salivary glandular secretion, and then relationship between zinc deficiency and the xerostomia was examined. Ninety three patients who complained of hypogeusia and/or xerostomia, 27 males and 66 females ranging from 39 to 87 years of age, were subjected to dynamic salivary scintigraphy using 99mTc-pertechnetate. Control data were obtained from 60 patients with unilateral acute peripheral facial palsy. The conclusions obtained were as follows: 1. The normal range of the salivary glandular secretory ratio (S.G.S.R.) was determined from the dynamic salivary scintigraphy using 99mTc-pertechnetate. 2. The xerostomia appeared to be detectable by the above method. 3. Dysfunctional salivary glandular secretion seemed to be associated with abnormal morphology of the papillae of the tongue. 4. No significant relation was found between the severity of taste disorders and the values of S.G.S.R. 5. In terms of the mean value, low values of S.G.S.R. were observed to coincide with zinc deficiency. 6. From the results of zinc treatment, we demonstrated correlations between taste disorders and xerostomia, both of which are among the symptoms of zinc deficiency.
Cephalic tetanus presenting with incomplete Bell's palsy.; We present a case of cephalic tetanus in a 60-year old man, whose onset was accompanied by an unusual and incomplete palsy of the muscles supplied by the upper branch of the seventh cranial nerve. Seven days before the appearance of incomplete Bell's palsy, the patient had suffered a slight superficial wound to his forehead on the same side. Seventeen days after the injury, there was evidence of generalized tetanus.
Reversible bilateral opercular syndrome secondary to AIDS-associated cerebral toxoplasmosis.; A case of reversible anterior bilateral opercular syndrome (Foix-Chavany-Marie syndrome) secondary to cerebral toxoplasma abscesses is described in a patient with AIDS. The symptoms regressed following antitoxoplasma and antiedema drug therapy. Although this is the first reported AIDS-related case, the syndrome is likely to recur in AIDS sufferers in whom multifocal cerebral lesions are common.
Results of reconstruction of the facial nerve; The results of surgical treatment for facial paralysis are still difficult to compare as there is no universal scoring method. The purpose of this communication is to review the results of reconstruction of the extratemporal facial nerve with nerve grafts using our own evaluation system. Fifty-nine patients were operated on during the period 1981-1991. They had lacerations or other trauma to the face which resulted in loss of continuity of the facial nerve or branches. Three groups were considered: (a) 12 patients had injuries involving the trunk and extending up to the main branches of the facial nerve; (b) 32 patients had parotid laceration or contusion on the parotid area with resulting nerve defects extending from a main branch up to distal branches; and (c) 15 patients had injuries on the distal branches: frontal, zygomatic, or mandibular. The sural nerve was used as the graft in all instances. The grafting procedure was performed from three weeks to six months after the trauma. The method of evaluation compares the normal with the paralyzed side. A score is given of 0 (no motion), 1 (weak motion), or 2 (strong motion), for each of six voluntary contractions: forehead, closure of eyelids and lips, traction, elevation, and depression of the lips. The assessment of involuntary mimic actions was done while observing blinking, speaking, smiling, and laughing. Mass movements were scored negatively. The numbers were recorded and the ratio between the paralyzed and normal side gave an estimate of the lack of symmetry. Differences between the preoperative and postoperative scores showed that improvement had been achieved by surgery. Nerve grafting provided a significant improvement of function in patients with traumatic injuries to the extratemporal facial nerve.
Facial paralysis: An emergency requiring appropriate management; Idiopathic facial paralysis is a therapeutic emergency, since functional and esthetic sequelae depend upon the management and rapidity of treatment. Following an anatomical and physiological review, the authors, based on their experience of 900 cases a year, describe the essential early clinical evaluation with its precise scoring of muscle groups, electrical tests and measurement of two reflexes of prognostic value, discuss the indication of NMR and detail therapeutic choice factors on the basis of this evaluation, stressing the large number of special cases. Monitoring of the patient and the outcome are described.
Electrophysiological characterization of pre- and postoperative facial nerve function in patients with acoustic neuroma using electrical and magnetic stimulation techniques; Facial nerve function was examined in patients who underwent posterior fossa surgery for unilateral acoustic neuroma. Examinations took place prior to surgery (n = 47 patients), early after surgery (0-12 days, n = 16 of 47 patients), and late after surgery (187-1505 days, n = 29 of 47 patients). Clinical signs of facial palsy were present to a variable extent in 13 of 47 patients before, in 12 of 16 patients early, and in 18 of 29 patients later after surgery. Electrophysiologically, the facial nerve was stimulated electrically at the stylomastoid fossa and magnetically at its proximal intracanalicular segment. In addition, the face-associated motor cortex was stimulated magnetically. In patients with facial palsy, any of these stimulation methods resulted in a decreased amplitude of the response in the nasalis muscle. The decrease showed a linear relationship to the clinical grade of palsy, pre- and postoperatively. Corticomuscular latencies remained unchanged. We conclude that: (i) the electrophysiological characteristics of facial nerve lesions due to compression by acoustic neuromas or due to a complication of neuroma removal are those of a purely axonal neuropathy; (ii) the three stimulation techniques have a similar diagnostic yield, thus making the use of all three of them redundant; and (iii) the electrophysiological techniques allowed no prediction of the final facial nerve function.
Focal brain-stem astrocytomas causing symptoms of involvement of the facial nerve nucleus: Long-term survival in six pediatric cases; Six children with a history of isolated facial nerve dysfunction or dizziness and nausea were treated for brain-stem glioma between 1984 and 1992. Computerized tomography and/or magnetic resonance (MR) imaging showed a focal, uniformly enhancing mass involving the facial nerve nucleus of the pons. All patients underwent biopsy; the histological diagnosis was juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma in five cases. In the remaining case the biopsy was nondiagnostic, although the surgeon believed that the lesion was a glioma. Postoperatively, five patients underwent conventional focal megavoltage radiation therapy (180 to 200 cGy/day) over a period of 5 1/2 weeks to a total dose of approximately 5400 cGy. One child's family refused radiation therapy; she remained well and stable for 4 years, despite persistent facial weakness, and was eventually lost to follow-up review. Four irradiation-treated patients had complete resolution of their tumors on MR images and have had no evidence of neuropsychological or neuroendocrinological deficits during 4 1/2 to 8 years of follow-up evaluation. Patients whose neuroradiological studies show a lesion resembling those in this series should undergo biopsy and, if the histology of a low-grade tumor (in particular, a juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma) is confirmed, should then receive focal radiation therapy with conventional megavoltage dosages.
Facial paralysis. Treatment of superior palpebral occlusion by inclusion of a protected gold plate; Inclusion of a gold plate to oppose the action of the levator muscle has been proposed for a long time in the treatment of superior palpebral paralysis. Long-term ulceration of the overlying skin has generally led to the abandonment of this technique. The simultaneous insertion, in front of the gold plate, of a conchal cartilage graft, which is subsequently reinhabited, overcomes this disadvantage. This is a simple, rapid, reversible, effective procedure which is indicated essentially in longstanding or recent permanent facial paralysis, but also as temporary treatment while waiting for the results of suture, graft or anastomosis of the facial nerve.
The prognostic value of electrodiagnostic methods in Bell's palsy; Many papers report on a poor rate of complete restitution of Bell's palsy if signs of degeneration can be detected in neuromyography (NMG) or electromyography (EMG). In 119 patients who underwent infusion therapy (as developed by Stennert) 39% showed signs of degeneration in EMG or NMG. Complete restitution was achieved in 93% of these patients. Degeneration was more frequent in elderly patients (<20 years: 20%, >60 years: 55%). This did not affect the rate of complete restitution, which was constantly high for every age. If infusion therapy was started within 7 days after onset of the disease, no defects in restitution were observed, which was frequently so if therapy was starved later. After one year the rate of complete restitution was about equal in cases with signs of degeneration (91%) and non-degenerative cases (94%). But 80% of the non-degenerative cases showed complete restitution within 3 months after onset of the palsy, whereas 80% of cases with signs of degeneration healed after this date (mean 6.1 months). After oral therapy with cortisol exclusively half of the degenerative cases did not attain complete restitution. After infusion therapy EMO and NMO do not answer the question if a Bell's palsy will heal completely or not but enable us to predict when this will probably be the case.
Zoster ataxia with Ramsay Hunt syndrome: Case report and a note about treatment; Two patients with severe cerebellar ataxia of gait associated with the Ramsay Hunt syndrome of herpes zoster are reported, and the literature of zoster-related ataxia is reviewed. Clinicopathological correlation is unclear since patients with ataxia have not been shown to have cerebellar lesions, and the few cases with cerebellar pathology have not had cerebellar syndromes. Herpes zoster, particularly cephalic herpes, may have serious neurological sequelae. We thus outline a treatment protocol for herpes zoster.
Etiology and management of facial palsy; Palsy of the facial nerve can result in severe debilitation. The physical disfigurement has a disastrous effect on self-image. Asymmetry of facial expression, drooling, and difficulty with speech may occur. Additionally, impaired closure of the eye can result in exposure of the cornea with not only discomfort, but also loss of vision. If the nerve injury is proximal, loss of salivation, lacrimation, and changes in taste can occur. Clearly, an understanding of facial palsy and a framework for management are needed by the clinician who encounters this condition. The recent literature is surveyed for various causes of seventh nerve palsy and for therapeutic modalities available to the physician.
Facial nerve neuroma; Facial nerve neuromas are uncommon, slow-growing neoplasms that may occur anywhere along the course of the facial nerve from the brainstem to the facial muscles. The signs and symptoms are characteristic and vary with the anatomic site of origin. Surgery should not be attempted until a complete and thorough diagnostic examination has been completed. The surgeon should be prepared to perform a middle-cranial fossa or translabyrinthine approach in all cases, and must expect to do a nerve graft. The results of 37 patients treated by the author reveal that, under optimal conditions, patients who have had a facial nerve graft, can be expected to regain an average of 80% facial nerve strength in almost every case. All patients who have had a facial nerve graft will have some degree of synkinesis. No graft was required in 3 patients, and a hypoglossal facial anastomosis was used for one. Facial function was completely normal in 2 patients, 16 had 80-90% return, 5 patients had 50-80% return, 4 had 20-50% return, one had no recovery at all and 9 recent patients have not reached the time for their expected recovery. Early diagnosis, prompt surgical removal and VII-VII Nerve graft for facial paralysis of ten or fewer years duration offers patients the best opportunity to avoid a permanent facial palsy.
Surgical treatment of Meniere's disease; Surgical treatment is used only for patients with Meniere's disease in cases that do not respond to medical therapy. At the present time, the endolymphatic sac shunt operation is performed in cases where the auditory threshold is fluctuant around 30 dB. When the auditory threshold is between 40 and 70 dB we use the vestibular neurectomy by the retrosigmoid approach. In patients with Meniere's disease with profound hearing loss the translabyrinthine neurectomy is used. The advantages of the vestibular neurectomy by the retrosigmoid approach compared to the retrolabyrinthine and middle fossa approaches will be described.
Traumatic neuropathies of the optic nerve, optic chiasm, and ocular motor nerves; This review focuses on traumatic chiasmal syndrome and traumatic neuropathies of cranial nerves II, III, IV, and VI. The review highlights common anatomical sites of injury to the above structures. Special emphasis is placed on review of recent literature. Other review of related material include.
Swallowing in motor neurone disease; Ninety-two patients with motor neurone disease have been assessed clinically and radiologically for evidence of swallowing problems. At the time of examination, moderate or severe swallowing difficulty was present in 89% of those whose disease had presented as bulbar palsy, in 45% of those in whom the disease began many months before as progressive muscular atrophy and in 29% of those with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Patients with more severe swallowing symptoms appeared more likely to have abnormal findings on videofluoroscopy overall. However, not all patients with an abnormal radiological picture had swallowing difficulties. It is suggested that radiological signs should only be used within the context of clinical symptoms and signs in the selection of patients for palliative surgery. Thirteen patients with pseudobulbar symptoms and signs had a cricopharyngeal myotomy performed: two suffered major post-operative complications. However, the satisfaction rate was 89% and we recommend cricopharyngeal myotomy for such patients. Pharyngostomy was performed for seven patients enable to initiate swallowing, six had post-operative complications.
Clinical features of herpes zoster cephalicus; In this study we present 16 cases with multiple palsy of the cranial nerves and clinical features of herpes zoster cephalicus. Besides typical cases of Ramsay Hunt syndrome, the purpose of our study is to present some atypical cases with regard to the combination of the affected cranial nerves and the lack of herpetic rash. The absence of the typical herpetic rash in 2 cases during the disease period was remarkable, while in 1 case the herpetic rash appeared after the labyrinth was affected. The diagnosis in these cases was achieved by a virologic study using the Elisa method. The results with regard to recovery of the affected nerves suggest the following. In the cases presenting hearing loss, only 22% had complete recovery. In the cases presenting labyrinth affection, only 25% had complete functional recovery. In the cases presenting facial nerve palsy, only 50% had complete functional recovery. Therefore the prognosis for facial nerve palsy from herpes zoster virus is worse than that for Bell's palsy. In order to avoid considering atypical cases of herpes zoster as idiopathic and managing them falsely, virologic study is absolutely necessary. The other affected cranial nerves (V, IX, X) had complete functional recovery within 1 or 2 months.
Androgenic enhancement of motor neuron regeneration; The available evidence to date suggests that many of the aspects of neuronal functioning affected by gonadal steroids under steady state conditions are also significantly affected by steroids under stress conditions such as axon disconnection. This argues toward a therapeutic usefulness of gonadal steroids in activating and/or accelerating the reparative response of neurons to injury, a concept that will be exciting to test in future clinical studies.
Clinical evaluation and therapy of muceoepidermoid carcinoma of the salivary glands; Between 1965 and 1933, 36 patients with mucepidermoid carcinoma (MEC) of the salivary glands have been treated at the ENT Clinic of the University of Hamburg (FRG). The majority were tumors of the parotid gland (n = 29) which occurred mostly in the T1 and T2 stages. The average rate of metastasis (N1 + N2) was 61.1%. Local recurrences appeared in 38.9% of the cases. Low-differentiated MEC showed a three or four times higher tendency of metastasizing and recurrence, respectively. The average interval of local recurrence was shorter in low-differentiated (12.5 months) than in high-differentiated MEC (46.0 months). Paralysis of the facial nerve (n = 2) due to aggressive tumor growth and distant metastasis (n = 2) have been observed very seldom. The principal therapy concept consists of tumor resection (n = 50) combined with functional or radical neck dissection (n = 25). A few cases have been treated by postoperative (n = 9) and primary (n = 1) irradiation. Adjuvant chemotherapy has been carried out in 2 advanced cases without success. Our analysis points out that primary tumor resection and neck dissection should be the therapy of choice in MEC. Low-differentiated MEC without clear margins and MEC of the base of the tongue should undergo pestoperative radiotherapy.
Hyperdense Basilar Artery: An Early Computed Tomography Sign of Thrombosis; Noncontrast computed tomographic scans (CT scans) may show a hyperdense basilar artery before a brainstem infarct is visualized. This early sign should assist clinicians in confirming the diagnosis of basilar artery thrombosis. In a review of admission records of 750 patients with acute cerebrovascular disease from July 1991 to June 1993, at Saint Louis University Hospital, 20 patients were identified with clinical signs of nonlacunar, vertebrobasilar distribution infarction. Eight of these had pontomesencephalic ischemia. Their neuroimaging studies and medical records were evaluated. Four patients with acute clinical signs of pontomesencephalic infarction were found to have a hyperdense basilar artery on CT scans. The scans of 2 patients were excluded because of dolichoectasia; in the other 2 patients, the basilar artery appeared normal on the CT scan. The hyperdense basilar artery was detected within the early hours of neurological symptoms and often was the only detectable abnormality on the scan. In 3 patients extensive brainstem infarcts subsequently developed and they died. Basilar artery thrombosis was confirmed by pathological study in all these patients. In the fourth patient basilar artery occlusion and a large pontine infarct were evident by magnetic resonance imaging and angiography. A hyperdense basilar artery is a common feature on CT scans of patients presenting with an early clinical diagnosis of thrombosis. Untreated, the hyperintense basilar artery often portends a poor prognosis. Its ready recognition should guide further interventional studies and treatment.
Duane's retraction syndrome; Duane's retraction syndrome (DRS) has been a recognized clinical entity for nearly a century. It is a clinically well described ocular disorder consisting of retraction of the globe with narrowing of the lid fissure in attempted adduction, frequent abduction deficiency with variable limitation to adduction, and upshoot and/or downshoot of the affected eye on adduction. Among strabismus patients the incidence of DRS is probably not more than 5%. Most cases are sporadic, but familial cases have been estimated at 10% by most authors. Numerous theories concerning the etiology and pathogenesis of DRS have been proposed, including agenesis of the abducens nucleus, but the majority of investigators concur that the characteristic findings are best explained by a paradoxical innervation of the lateral rectus muscle, which subsequently causes a co-contraction of the horizontal rectus muscles. The frequent association of DRS with other congenital anomalies suggests a teratogenic event occurring between the fourth to eighth week of gestation as an etiological factor. In this review historical aspects and theories of the syndrome are studied and statistical data are compiled and analyzed. Clinical features, differential diagnoses and variants of the syndrome are examined. Testing and treatment objectives are discussed.
Diode low reactive level laser therapy and stellate ganglion block compared in the treatment of facial palsy; In 52 patients who presented with peripheral facial paralysis, (idiopathic facial palsy or Bell's palsy), 26 received stellate ganglion block (SGB) therapy, 11 received infrared (830 nm) diode laser low reactive level laser therapy (LLLT), and 15 received a combination of both of the above. The data were analysed to compare the effectiveness of the three regimens. Those patients who received only LLLT or the combination of LLLT with SGB showed a similar overall recovery from the paralysis compared to those treated with SGB alone. The group who received LLLT only also demonstrated a slightly better initial improvement in paralysis scores. No serious side effects were reported in the LLLT group. Taking the above data into consideration, the authors recommend diode laser therapy as a suitable single or adjunctive therapy for facial paralysis which is relatively easy and painless to apply, requires less technical skill, compared with SGB, and has no side-effects.
The staged management of ophthalmic complications of facial nerve palsy; A six-stage approach to the management of the ophthalmic complications of facial palsy was developed to aid the physician in logically organizing therapy and to provide patients with reassuring goals. This stepwise approach was applied prospectively in 120 consecutive facial palsy patients from 1986 to 1990. The six stages included (a) supportive care (with and without tarsorrhaphy), (b) planning facial reanimation, (c) lower eyelid and lateral canthal resuspension, (d) passive upper eyelid reanimation, (e) dynamic eyelid animation (palpebral springs), and (f) soft tissue repositioning including eyebrow lift and blepharoplasty. Each stage was considered in order, although action in each stage was not appropriate for all patients. All 120 patients received supportive care, which was all that was necessary to accomplish the therapeutic goals for 63 (52.5%). Eight patients received temporary tarsorrhaphies (7%) and 14 (12%) permanent. One hundred ten were considered for stage 2. Thirty-five underwent stage 3 procedures, 30 received gold weights in stage 4, 5 had palpebral springs placed in stage 5, and 6 underwent stage 6 procedures. This staged approach was effective in achieving corneal compensation, maintaining vision, and improving the quality of life in all patients.
Neurotologic presentation of sagittal sinus thromboses associated with oral contraceptive usage; Thrombosis of the cerebral venous sinuses has long been a recognized complication of late stage pregnancy and the puerperium; more recently, this complication has been associated with the use of oral contraceptives. Two cases are presented in which the presenting symptoms of sagittal sinus thrombosis were neurotologic in nature. One case presented with a sudden onset unilateral facial paralysis; another case presented with pressure/fullness sensation in one ear accompanied by nausea and vomiting. Clinical presentation and evaluation of these cases is presented, with a discussion of symptom etiology. Recommended non-invasive medical management methods are discussed. Cases in which the thrombosis involves the sigmoid, transverse, and sagittal sinuses should be suspect for etiologic sources beyond the ear even when the presenting symptoms are neurotologic in nature. Management of these cases is different from that of an otogenic sigmoid sinus thrombosis. A complete medical history taken from women of child bearing age should include the use of oral contraceptives, which may be suspect for inducing intracranial venous thromboses.
Idiopathic facial nerve paralysis: A randomized double blind controlled study of placebo versus prednisone; Idiopathic facial nerve paralysis (IFNP) is a common malady. Because its etiology is unclear, there are a variety of treatment options. Studies to date have not clearly established the benefits of treatment with oral steroids (prednisone). The authors performed a randomized double-blind controlled study comparing the use of placebo versus prednisone which shows that prednisone-treated patients benefit from early treatment. Seventy-six patients met inclusion criteria and completed follow-up until recovery; 35 patients received prednisone and 41 received placebo. Their mean age was 36.8 years. Facial nerve function was assessed using the House-Brackmann facial nerve grading scale, as well as a variety of other measures. Patients were evaluated pretreatment, regularly post-treatment until judged recovered (return of facial function to a grade III or better), and at 6 months after recovery. Difference in mean time to resolution for the prednisone (51.4 days) and placebo (69.3 days) groups was not statistically significant. There was a significant difference in grade at recovery, with the placebo group having a higher proportion of grade III results (P<.03). Eight of 10 patients with electroneurography (ENOG) evidence of denervation were in the placebo group and accounted for 6 of the 7 grade III results. However, the difference in proportion of patients with evidence of denervation for the prednisone (5.7%) and placebo (19.5%) groups did not achieve statistical significance. This study shows that patients treated with prednisone have less denervation than placebo-treated patients. They also have a significant improvement in facial grade at recovery compared to placebo-treated patients. Therefore, the authors recommend that all patients at risk for developing denervation receive prednisone treatment.
Extracranial and intracranial complications of suppurative otitis media. Report of 102 cases; During the eight-year period, 1983-1990, 102 cases of intracranial (IC) and extracranial (EC) complications from 17 144 suppurative otitis media were reviewed. The prevalence of each complication was 0.24 and 0.45 per cent respectively. Facial paralysis, subperiosteal abscess and labyrinthitis were the common complications among the EC group, while meningitis and brain abscess were common in the IC group. Twenty five per cent of the EC group and 44 per cent of the IC group had more than two complications. The reliable warning signs and symptoms for IC complications were fever, headache, earache, vestibular symptoms, meningeal signs and impairment of consciousness. Proteus spp., Pseudomonas aeuruginosa and Staphylococcus spp. were the commonest organisms isolated from both groups. Cholesteatoma and granulation/polyp in the middle ear/mastoid were the major findings in both patient groups. Mortality rate in the IC group was 18.6 per cent. Morbidity rate in each group was 14.3 per cent (EC) and 27.9 per cent (IC) respectively. Epidemiological presentations, clinical features and the result of treatment are discussed.
Reoperation of tumors of the parotid gland. Technical approach and consequences for the 7th cranial nerve. Apropos of 22 cases; Second or more surgical procedures on parotid are usually difficult and may induce injury on the facial nerve. The authors report their experience about 42 patients. The choice between a total parotidectomy or a surgical excision of a tumor depends of the number of surgical procedure, the type of initial procedure and the histological type of the tumor. Second surgical procedures for a wrong initial histological diagnosis (11 cases) were always a total parotidectomy with facial nerve preservation. The risk of a partial or total facial palsy is higher after several recurrences (3 of 8 cases). The facial nerve had to be resected in 3 of 9 cases of malignant tumors recurrences. The initial treatment of a tumor of the parotid must be radical so it can prevent for further surgical procedures and then avoid a facial nerve injury.
Bilateral acoustic neuromas; This article reviews 12 patients with bilateral acoustic neuromas. The sex incidence was equal and the mean age at diagnosis was 26.2 years. The family history was positive in nine of the patients. Five patients have had incomplete surgical removal of acoustic neuromas on both sides. Two of them are completely deaf and the other three have severe sensorineural hearing loss in one ear and no hearing in the other ear. In five patients the tumour on one side has been operated on and the other side is being observed with at least short-term preservation of good hearing. The remaining two patients died of intra-cranial complications, one of them post-operatively. Four patients developed facial palsy immediately following surgery and one developed facial weakness 6 months after surgery. Guidelines are discussed for the care of these patients including the timing of surgery and alternative treatment options (observation, radio-surgery and chemotherapy). This is essentially a group of young individuals who have had multiple operations for bilateral acoustic tumours and associated manifestations and for whom the disease and the sequelae of treatment can be tragic.
Recovery of original nerve supply after hypoglossal-facial anastomosis causes permanent motor hyperinnervation of the whisker-pad muscles in the rat; Hypoglossal-facial anastomosis (HFA), used in humans for the treatment of facial palsy, was experimentally performed in adult female Wistar rats. The time course of facial reinnervation and the extent of the new motor nerve supply of the vibrissal muscles that develops after HFA were estimated by counting all motoneurons in the brainstem labeled by injection of horseradish peroxidase (HRP) into the whisker pad; muscle innervation by motor endplates was not studied. In untreated animals, HRP injection labels 1,254 ± 54 (mean ± S.D.; n = 6) motoneurons, localized exclusively in the lateral subdivision of the facial nucleus. Immediately following HFA, this number drops to zero. The first HRP-labeled motoneurons appear in the hypoglossal nucleus at 28 days postoperation (dpo) and at 56 dpo their number reaches 1,906 ± 48. Unexpectedly, the facial nerve, whose proximal stump has been left as blind end during surgery, additionally sends axons to the facial periphery. This resprouting is first detected at 42 dpo with HRP-marked neurons throughout the facial nucleus lacking somatotopic organization. The number of these labeled neurons also rises with time, and at 56 dpo, a total of 1,797 ± 142 facial and hypoglossal motoneurons, that is, 43% more motoneurons than in normal animals, supplies the whisker pad. This hyperinnervation, that is, the projection of more motoneurons into the target muscle than under normal conditions - further increases to 1,978 ± 92 motoneurons at 224 dpo and may provide a new animal model for studying the competitive relationships between motoneurons in their search for peripheral targets.
Axonal regeneration rate through cross-face nerve grafts; The disfigurement of irreversible unilateral facial paralysis can be corrected by cross-face nerve grafting in conjunction with muscle transplantation. A total of 33 patients underwent cross-face nerve grafting using the sural nerve prior to undergoing the second stage of the procedure. Before a muscle transplant can be successfully connected to the distal end of the cross-face nerve graft, the regenerating axons need to have grown from the contralateral facial nerve to the distal end of the nerve graft. This can be tested by the Tinel sign. A retrospective study was performed to determine the rate of growth of regenerating axons through the cross-face nerve graft. A rate of axon growth of 1.8 mm/day was found, and also an inverse relationship between the age of the patient and the regeneration rate. These results can be used as a guide in planning patients' treatment.
Stroke due to Lyme disease; A 56-year-old Connecticut woman suffered multiple strokes 18 months after antibiotic treatment for early Lyme disease with facial palsy. Pleocytosis, intrathecal synthesis of anti-Borrelia burgdorferi antibody, and the response to antibiotic treatment substantiated the diagnosis of neuroborreliosis. This is the first report of stroke caused by Lyme disease acquired in North America.
The maximal stimulation and facial nerve conduction latency tests: Predicting the outcome of Bell's palsy; To test the hypothesis that the facial nerve conduction latency test is a better and earlier indicator of prognosis than other electrodiagnostic tests, 86 patients with Bell's palsy were followed for a minimum of 4 months. To select control subjects for our own research clinic and for comparison with the patient population, latency values in 25 normal volunteers (50 sides) were determined. Serial maximal stimulation tests (MST) and latency tests were conducted to determine disease severity and prognosis in Bell's palsy patients. Outcome was graded using the Facial Paralysis Recovery Profile (FPRP) and Facial Paralysis Recovery Index (FPRI) as well as the House grading system. The capability of the two tests to accurately predict outcome was evaluated. The MST accurately predicted outcome in 94% of patients studied. In the control group, normal latency values were a mean 3.8 msec with a standard deviation of 0.49. In the patient population, latency values were either within normal limits or absent. When done within 4 days of onset of Bell's palsy, neither test was capable of predicting axonal degeneration. Statistical analyses included Fisher's Exact Test, the paired Student's t test, and correlation coefficient calculations.
Huge facial nerve neuroma: A case report; A case of huge facial nerve neuroma was reported. The patient was a 59-year-old woman who had 5 hyears' history of right facial paralysis. A CT study with contrast medium showed extensive destruction of the right temporal bone including the semicircular canals, and with protrusion of the tumor into the cerebello-pontine angle. CT findings with contrast enhancement and MRI suggested a neuroma and its origin. The operation confirmed that the tumor arose from the vertical portion of the facial nerve. Previous papers dealing with this kind of tumor were reviewed to delineate clinical characteristics for diagnosis and treatment of facial nerve neuroma.
A case of hunt syndrome with laryngeal paralysis; A 78-year-old female with Hunt syndrome developed cranial polyneuritis, such as peripheral facial palsy, dizziness, swallowing disturbance and left laryngeal paralysis. The disturbance of cranial nerves was disappeared completely by intravenous infusion of Vidarabine. We discussed 32 cases of Hunt syndrome with cranial polyneuritis in previous reports.
Neuroborreliosis in childhood. On a patient and a literature review; Lyme disease is a spiroketosis caused by the transmission of Borrelia burgdorferi. It is known as the 'New Great Pretender', because of its various clinical manifestations. The goal of this paper is to comment on a new case and also to make a review on the literature about neuroborreliosis in childhood. We present a seven year-old girl who came into our hospital with conduct disturbances, psychomotor agitation and mieloradiculytis. Borrelia burgdorferi's plasma serology was positive. She manifested a rigid-acynetic syndrome, disquinesis, multiple dystonias and global apraxia. Therapy with Ceftriaxona was started early, but she did not improve. Corticoid and L-Dopa did not modify the clinical state. The extrapyramidal symptoms decreased with Artane. We have reviewed 300 cases from the literature on childhood neuroborreliosis. The most frequent clinical symptoms were: Facial Palsy, Aseptic Meningitis, Erithema Migrans, Encephalitis, Mieloradiculytis and Conduct Disturbances. It is important to make an early diagnosis of Neuroborreliosis because it is a treatable pathology and has a good prognosis. Nevertheless we must bear in mind the possibility of neurology sequels. The growing number of papers on neuroborreliosis is explained by the fact that professionals are becoming more and more sensitive at this kind of symptomatology.
Peripherical facial paralysis: Study of 24 cases; We have reviewed the clinical dates on the cases of peripherical facial paralysis treated in the Rehabilitation's Department of University Clinic Hospital in Zaragoza over one year. The most significant clinical parameters we studied were the aetiology, diagnostic technique, medical and Rehabilitation treatment. The Ramsay-Hunt Syndrome is an important etiologic factor.
Bone and nerve injuries due to birth trauma; An incidence of 3.02 per 1000 live births for fractures and nerve injuries was observed among 26,852 consecutive live born babies over the last decade. Fractures constituted 51.8 % and nerve injuries 48.2 % of total injuries studied. Amongst the fractures the bones involved were the clavicle (44.7 %), humerus (21.6 %), femur (16.9 %), skull bones (14.3 %), and epiphyseal injury (2.5 %). The nerve injuries included Erb's palsy (48.7 %), facial palsy (38.4 %), and other brachial plexus injury (12.9 %). Lack of antenatal care, primiparity, abnormal fetal position, operative delivery, and birth weight above 3500 g significantly increased the risk of bone and nerve injuries. Babies with birth trauma had low Apgar scores and needed longer hospitalisation. Ten babies with injuries and 1 in the control group expired. Therefore, proper antenatal care, identification of high risk mothers, and appropriate management will reduce the incidence of birth injuries.
Recovery of facial palsy by sural-to-facial nerve grafts is enhanced by electric field stimulation; The effect of electric field stimulation for promoting axonal growth between sural-to-facial nerve grafts in cases of permanent facial palsy was studied. For this purpose a total of 14 patients with unilateral permanent facial palsy were studied pre- and postoperatively. A sural-to-facial nerve graft was performed in all cases and long-term postoperative electric field stimulation was randomly applied to half of the patients. Although improvement occurred in both groups, the results indicated that clinical and electrophysiological recovery was significantly better in patients receiving postoperative electric field stimulation. The results suggest that electric field stimulation in patients subjected to sural-to-facial grafts induces an additional improvement over the non-stimulated patients.
Treatment of facial spasm with botulinum toxin; Facialis spasmus (FS) is a chronic hyperkinesia primarily affecting patients in the 5th and 6th decades. Only muscles innervated by the facial nerve (FN) are involved. In the beginning there are only slight jerks, mostly in the region of the eyelid. In due course all facial muscles get involved. Spasms are worse when the patient is anxious, watching TV, working, driving and then restrict social activities. Because the etiology has not been known, a lot of methods of surgical and medical treatment were unsuccessful. Recently the cause has been clarified: FS is though to be caused by an irritation of this nerve by a blood vessel. The condition can be cured by an operation to separate the nerve and blood vessel. If an operation is thought to be inappropriate, treatment of FS may be with botulinum toxin (BT). BT is used in very small doses (nanograms), and is injected in the area of the muscle that is affected. This weakens the muscle and helps to prevent a spasm.
Facial palsy in Equatorial Africa; The author presents the analysis of 29 cases of facial palsy collected in Shaba, Zaire (former Katanga, Belgian Congo) between 1984-1988 in the region called Copperbelt. Because to date there has been no work done on these problems in this part of Africa, it would be interesting to present a short report. Patients with facial palsy came to the ENT Department mostly for other reasons, and very late. Only 5 patients came before 3 mos after the onset. The different etiologies were as follows: 2--post traumatic, 7--otogenic, 9--tumors, 4--iatrogenic, 6--Bells palsy, 1--other. The assessment, comparison and the treatment of such cases in an underdeveloped country is very difficult or almost impossible. The small number of cases is insufficient for any conclusions, but the author tried to get some data, which would be a starting point in the future researches.
Herpes of the larynx. Apropos of 3 cases; Herpes laryngis is a rare inflammatory disease, caused by herpes simplex (HSV) or herpes zoster virus (HZV). Three cases of acute viral laryngitis are described. The first case of laryngitis is caused by HZV, with involvement of VII., VIII., IX. and X. cranial nerves. In the second and third cases, caused by HSV, only the laryngeal mucosa is involved. Laryngeal symptoms, diagnostic criteria and therapeutic results are described.
Facial nerve and petrous bone cholesteatoma; The diagnosis and treatment of petrous bone cholesteatoma is a challenge to aural surgeons. Seven patients with extensive petrous bone cholesteatomas which invaded the labyrinth and fallopian canal are presented. These cholesteatomas originated as secondary to acquired lesions. The cases were evaluated according to the clinical features, the intraoperative findings, the radiological findings, and the surgical approaches. In this series, six patients presented with facial paralysis associated with profound or total deafness. The transtemporal lateral approach was used in all the cases. Acute facial nerve palsy or facial nerve pareses progressing to palsy in patients with chronic ear disease should be studied radiographically for petrous bone cholesteatoma, even if there is no physical evidence of cholesteatoma.
Iatrogenic complications of paraganglioma of the jugular foramen; Twenty-eight cases of tumours of the paraganglioma of the foramen jugulare arising from the jugular foramen were treated from 1982 to 1990. The follow-up and the iatrogenic effect of embolization, surgery and radiotherapy were studied. Routine pre-operative embolisation has changed the therapeutic approach to these tumours although a certain number of mainly neurological complications still occur (32% of the cases with 18% of major accidents) especially when the internal carotid component must be excluded. Current oto-neurosurgical techniques allow wider and more complete exeresis of the tumour but often lead to neurological deficits involving the facial nerve (45%), the mixed nerves (32%) and/or the XII (18%). These deficits occur due to unavoidable sacrifice or peroperative manipulation. Radiotherapy is an essential therapeutic possibility with only minor complications and can be proposed in cases of inoperable or relapsing tumours or after an incomplete surgical exeresis. Our critical analysis led us to propose the present indications for surgery. Surgery is indicated in patients with two or more of the following criteria: age less than 55, unilateral tumour, a tumour considered to be inoperable, preoperative otoneurological manifestations, invasion of the posterior fossa. In the other cases, radiotherapy remains the indicated therapy. It is effective and should be used more often for inoperable tumours of the para-jugular lymph nodes, for relapses or after incomplete surgical exeresis.
Long-term results after surgical reduction cheiloplasty in patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and cheilitis granulomatosa; Cheilitis granulomatosa in patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome has proven difficult to treat, and various forms of symptomatic treatment of orofacial swellings have been used with varying success. To evaluate long- term results after surgical reduction cheiloplasty in patients suffering from persistent lip swellings, a follow-up study was performed on 13 patients after 16 years (median). The operations were performed after unsuccessful conservative treatment and regardless of disease activity. Pre- and postoperative medical histories were updated and a clinical examination evaluated the following criteria for a good result: symmetry of the lip, a normalized anterior projection, dimensional harmony between upper and lower lip, no disfiguring cicatrices, and no sensory disturbances. In spite of postoperative disease activity in 6 patients, all 13 patients were satisfied with the long-term result. Clinically, the results in 12 patients were considered good. We therefore recommend lip resection as described when a stationary swelling becomes associated with permanent aesthetic deformity or functional disturbances and conservative measures are unsuccessful.
Feeding Roux-en-Y jejunostomy in the management of severely neurologically impaired children; Feeding problems are legion in severely neurologically impaired children. Many patients do well with a gastrostomy with or without fundoplication. Unfortunately, fundoplication is not without complication, emphasizing the need for other options in the management of these difficult patients. Since 1990 six patients (age range, 2 months to 6 years) have been treated by the creation of a permanent Roux-en-Y end-jejunostomy and a gastrostomy. The Roux limb is closed tightly around a mushroom catheter. The gastrostomy is left for gastric decompression, and the jejunostomy tube is used for all nutrition and most medications. One patient died in the postoperative period. All the others have done well, without significant complication and with a high level of parent satisfaction (average follow-up, 12 months). Previously four other patients were treated with a Roux-en-Y jejunostomy in which, rather than closing the Roux limb around the catheter, it was brought out as a catheterizable stoma. Frequent leakage and prolapse make this approach less desirable.
Tuberculosis of the parotid gland; We present a case of parotid tuberculosis diagnosed through F.N.A.C. (fine needle aspiration cytology). Due to this rare extrapulmonary location of the tuberculosis, the AA. make a review of the last 12 years concerning literature together with a monographic study of the process.
Facial palsy after glomus tumour embolization; A case is presented of a patient undergoing pre-operative embolization of a glomus tumour who developed a facial palsy one hour after embolization. At the time of surgery it was found to be due to the embolization material (polyvinyl alcohol foam) blocking the stylomastoid artery. The blood supply of glomus tumours and the variations in the blood supply of the facial nerve are discussed.
Rehabilitation of cranial nerve deficits after neurotologic skull base surgery.; Damage to any one of these nerves results in sufficient morbidity to warrant therapy; however, most patients will compensate for isolated loss of function. It is with multiple nerve injuries, as often seen in glomus surgery with the resection of cranial nerves IX, X, and XII that the full efforts of the rehabilitation team are called on. After vocal cord medialization and palatal adhesion, younger healthier patients will eventually resume adequate oral intake. However, the time it requires to return to a reasonably enjoyable diet often extends up to 1 year postoperatively. A few never attain the goal of enjoyable intake and continue to struggle to maintain adequate nutrition. The latter situation is the rule, not the exception, in the elderly population. Our experience over the years has led us to a more conservative treatment of glomus tumors in the elderly debilitated patient.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: a case report.; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare disease which includes a triad of orofacial swelling, recurrent facial nerve paralysis and plicated tongue. MRS can still be diagnosed when any two of the conditions are present. Because of its rarity, it is usually ignored and misdiagnosed. Herein, a diabetic female patient with this syndrome, previously diagnosed as Bell's palsy, is described. This case report is presented to encourage awareness of this entity among medical practitioners. In addition, the MRS literature is reviewed with respect to incidence, etiology, clinical features, pathology, differential diagnosis and treatment.
Magnetic stimulation in hemifacial spasm and post-facial palsy synkinesis; The facial nerve was stimulated trascranially with a magnetic stimulator in 14 normal controls, 14 hemifacial spasm patients, and 16 post-facial- palsy synkinesis patients. Magnetic stimulation in normal controls revealed muscle responses which had latencies with a mean value of 4.99 ± 0.49 ms and amplitudes of 2.41 ± 1.08 mV. In the same group, transosseal conduction time was calculated to be 1.20 ± 0.13 ms. In the hemifacial spasm group, the amplitudes of the responses on the affected sides were lower as compared to the unaffected sides (mean values 1.78 vs. 2.41 mV, P = 0.01). Also, the threshold to magnetic stimulation was elevated on the affected sides. These findings are suggestive of the presence of a hypoexcitability to magnetic stimulation in the root entry zone. In the post-facial-palsy synkinesis patients, magnetic stimulation of the affected sides resulted in responses with long latencies and low amplitudes (mean latency 6.34 ms, mean amplitude 0.90 mV). In the recordings made with magnetic stimulation, the difference of the latencies between the two sides was larger as compared to those obtained by electrical stimulation. The transosseal conduction time was also remarkably prolonged on the affected side. These findings may suggest that magnetic stimulation can be an effective method of showing intracranially located lesions of the facial nerve.
Acute Lyme neuropathy presenting with polyradicular pain, abdominal protrusion, and cranial neuropathy; A 53-year-old man developed multifocal radicular pain. The diagnosis of Lyme neuroborreliosis was delayed until bifacial paresis and right lower abdominal wall weakness developed, prompting further evaluation. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) examination showed aseptic meningitis. Antibodies directed against Borrelia burgdorferi were present in the serum; higher titers were present in the CSF, indicating local antibody production. Electrophysiologic studies showed both an axonal polyradiculopathy as well as demyelinative facial palsy. Ceftriaxone therapy led to marked improvement in pain and facial palsies.
Helium neon and diode laser therapy is an effective adjunctive therapy for facial paralysis; This study presents our six-year experience in laser therapy for rehabilitation of facial paralysis. Mixed laser irradiation using a 904 nm diode GaAs and 632.8 (HeNe) was utilized. Laser irradiation was performed on the range of facial nerve ramifications in eight different places, 5 min on each place, four times a week. No other medicine was used if the patient arrived 48 h after having the lesion. When the patient arrived after the first week, meticorten was utilized as a supplement, a dosage of 40 mg per day, for seven days. Based on our experience, the patients who are more inclined to attend treatment sessions are those who have been suffering from paralysis for more that a month and who have submitted to other kinds of treatments with negative results. They were even offered surgery. For these patients, we have required up to a maximum of 30 sessions and we have achieved 100% recovery, even with patients who have had the lesion for three or six months. Patients who attended therapy within two weeks after suffering the paralysis recovered 100% with no additional medicationonly laser therapy. With these patients we needed a maximum of 15 sessions. LLLT is presented as a safe, noninvasive, easy to apply and comparatively side-effect-free modality offering a complementary and effective tool in the treatment of facial paralysis.
Treatment of lagophthalmos of the eye with a custom prosthesis.; Inability to close the eyelids (lagophthalmos) is a major problem for patients with facial paralysis. Various treatment modalities and combinations can be used to restore function and esthetics. Lid loading is an effective method of treatment and can be further enhanced by custom fabrication of the prosthesis. The dentist functions as an integral part of the treatment team, working with the plastic surgeon and ophthalmologist to achieve the most functional and esthetic result.
Acute Pancerebellar Syndrome During Recovery from Alcohol Withdrawal; An acute pancerebellar syndrome developed in a 40-year-old, alcoholic, malnourished woman while she was recovering from alcoholic hepatitis in the hospital. Brain magnetic resonance imaging showed a lesion in the pons and helped identify this syndrome as central pontine myelinosis despite the lack of typical neurological signs and fluxes of serum sodium levels.
Diagnosis and treatment of strabismus disorders; Strabismus is a common ocular abnormality in children and can have significant effects on visual, physical, and psychological development. The causes of ocular misalignment are numerous. Primary care physicians should be skilled in the evaluation of ocular motility in children. They also should understand the basic pathophysiology of common strabismus disorders and be able to identify those children at risk. This knowledge will aid in making a proper referral to an ophthalmologist when a strabismic disorder is suspected or detected.
Disorders of the lacrimal system apparatus; Epiphora, or excess tearing, is a common problem in infants. The most frequent etiology of this disorder is a nasolacrimal duct obstruction. There are other conditions, however, some of which can be serious, which can cause tearing. Infections of the eyelids and conjunctiva, an undiscovered foreign body, and congenital glaucoma are among the conditions that must be ruled out when any child presents with excessive tearing.
Unusual neurologic manifestations occurring during dengue fever infection; This is a report on dengue fever in two young patients in France that were infected in New Caledonia and Thailand. Both presented with unusual neurologic manifestations. The first patient developed a focal subarachnoid hemorrhage that was associated with transient thrombocytopenia. No neurologic vascular malformation was detected; a mild dengue hemorrhagic fever after a previous dengue infection was suspected. The second patient showed peripheral facial palsy one week after apyrexia without any other etiology except the dengue infection. This case was probably a postinfectious syndrome associated with dengue virus. Both patients recovered spontaneously. The circumstances of the neurologic manifestations in these patients may be attributed to the dengue fever virus. However, although neurologic complications reported for dengue fever are unusual, it is reasonable to consider these manifestations as being due to immunopathologic consequences.
Changes in microcirculation in the facial nerve with electrical stimulation and chemical blockade of cervical sympathetic trunks; The cervical sympathetic trunks send peripheral branches to the external carotid artery system which in turn provides feeding vessels to the facial nerves. In this study, the changes in the tonus of these trunks and the associated changes in the microcirculation of the facial nerves were studied by electrical stimulation and by chemical blockade of the cervical sympathetic trunks in mongrel dogs. With electrical stimulation, marked increases in arterial blood pressure and the heart rate were observed although the common carotid arterial blood flow and tissue blood flow in facial nerves decreased markedly. This suggests that microcirculation in the facial nerve is definitely impaired by electrical stimulation of the cervical sympathetic trunks and that hypertonicity of the sympathetic nervous system is closely involved in the onset of facial palsy. When chemical blockade was applied to the same trunks, the arterial blood pressure and heart rate showed no significant changes. However, there were marked increases of the blood flow in common carotid artery and facial nerve tissue. This finding of improved microcirculation in the facial nerve after chemical blockade suggests that stellate ganglion block may be a very effective treatment for Bell's palsy.
Facial palsy and partial accommodative insufficiency associated with sulphasalazine treatment in a patient with ankylosing spondylitis; We report on a patient with periferal facial nerve palsy and blurred near vision in association with sulphasalazine treatment. The possibility of this being an adverse reaction to sulphasalazine is discussed.
Lyme disease; In 1992, reported Lyme disease cases increased, but the majority remained clustered in the northeast and midwest, and in California. The clinical syndromes associated with infection are better understood, and this information can calm public anxiety. The concept of fibromyalgia occurring after infection with Borrelia burgdorferi allows more appropriate treatment in late Lyme disease. The polymerase chain reaction is being applied to gain insights into the pathogenic mechanisms of Lyme disease. Progress has been made toward developing a vaccine through the use of animal models. Together, these advances provide clinicians with more confidence in the diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.
The natural history of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; Using 42 strength and functional assessments recorded monthly, the natural history of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is described in 167 patients (98 men, 67 women) followed in five medical centers in the western United States. The mean age at onset was 57.4 years, and symptoms were present for 2.64 years before study entry. Although there was a highly variable rate of decline within the group of patients, there were no differences in rate of decline by age or gender. Older patients and women were weaker on entry. Forty-eight patients died during the study. The median survival was 4.0 years for the study cohort but 2.1 years for newly diagnosed cases. Decline in pulmonary function most closely correlated with death. Our results emphasize the importance of considering clinical variability in planning clinical trials. One possible strategy is to identify and stratify patients by rate of decline in pulmonary function since prospectively identifying homogeneous subgroups allows investigators to substantially reduce sample size in therapeutic trials.
Abducent nerve palsy following transverse fracture of the middle cranial fossa; Transverse sphenoidal fractures may be associated with a variety of skull base injuries and neural deficits. Among those nerve injuries, oculomotor palsies and particularly sixth cranial nerve palsy are quite common. Blows on the side of the head in the squamous temporal region may run across the floor of the middle cranial fossa through the greater wing of the sphenoid in the transverse cranial axis. We report three cases of patients who had sustained craniofacial injury which included a transverse fracture of the middle cranial fossa through the sphenoid sinus, extending to the petrous apex and producing abducent, facial, and eighth nerve dysfunction. Spontaneous recovery from diplopia occurred in all cases within 4 months. The management of the patients and the patterns of transverse cranial base fractures and their associated clinical features are discussed.
Orofacial sensitivity reactions and the role of dietary components. Case reports.; Dietary components have proven to be important aetiological factors in orofacial sensitivity reactions such as plasma cell gingivitis and orofacial granulomatosis. The use of elimination diets to identify these dietary antigens can be instrumental in both diagnosis and effective treatment for these disorders.
Successful strabismus surgery in a child with Moebius syndrome.; Moebius syndrome is characterized by congenital paralysis, usually bilateral, of the lateral rectus muscles and the muscles of facial expression. Esotropia is common in these patients. Few reports exist of the surgical results after treatment of strabismus in such patients. We report the case of a 19-month-old white boy with Moebius syndrome who demonstrated an A-pattern esotropia with orthotropia in down-gaze. Use of a conventional surgical approach for an A-pattern esotropia and a bilateral medial rectus recession with a one-half tendon-width supraplacement produced the desired result of orthotropia in primary gaze in our patient.
Herpes zoster oticus: diagnosis and management.; Herpes zoster oticus (Ramsay Hunt syndrome) is recognized as a polycranial neuritis caused by the DNA virus Herpes zoster and characterized by damage to sensory and motor nerves, including the audio-vestibular apparatus. Common presenting symptoms include cutaneous auricular vesicles, severe otalgia, inflammation of the pinna, and occasionally unilateral sudden facial paralysis. This article reviews the medical management of this disease, including the efficacy of antibiotics, corticosteroids, and acyclovir, along with the role of surgical decompression of the facial nerve.
Effects of magnetic resonance imaging fields on gold eyelid loads; Magnetic resonance imaging is frequently used for visualization of soft tissues of the head and neck. It was the purpose of this study to determine whether gold eyelid weights, used for treatment of lagophthalmos in facial palsy, would be deflected at high magnetic strengths during imaging. Ex vivo study of six incrementally increasing weights at two magnetic strengths was performed. There was no deflection of any of the gold eyelid loads at either 0.5-tesla or 1.5-tesla magnetic strengths. We conclude that patients with gold eyelid weights are not at risk of damage from movement of the protheses during magnetic resonance imaging examination.
Value of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in the treatment of malignant otitis externa. Apropos of a case; The authors report the case of a 75 years old insulin dependent diabetic man presenting a malignant otitis externa with facial nerve paralysis. Despite prolonged, adequate parenteral antibiotic therapy, the patient's clinical status did not improve. The addition of hyperbaric oxygen as a complementary treatment was followed by the regression of clinical signs and the resolution of infection. Based upon a review of the literature, the authors discuss the indications for this therapy and the problems involved in defining the criteria of cure in malignant otitis externa.
Otologic neurotologic manifestations of HIV-related disease; Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the causative agent of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), has reached worldwide epidemic proportions and is increasing. Otologists, neurotologists, and audiologists practicing in metropolitan centers in North America can expect to encounter patients with HIV-related illnesses, including patients with AIDS-related complex (ARC) and AIDS. Five representative cases are presented: chronic otitis media, facial palsy, Gradenigo's syndrome with facial paralysis, otosphyllis, and Kaposi sarcoma of the mastoid. The common link in all cases was HIV infection. This presentation discusses the management of several HIV-infected patients with otologic and neurotologic findings. HIV infection has extended to all parts of North America. The worldwide incidence is increasing. As the epidemic continues to unfold, new challenges to both the diagnosis and treatment of otologic and neurotologic disease in HIV-positive patients will confront the audiologist and otolaryngologist. Recommendations for the safety of the examining audiologist and treating physician are given.
Recovery from facial paralysis following crush injury of the facial nerve in hamsters: Differential effects of gender and androgen exposure; In recent studies, we have shown that administration of androgens to male hamsters enhances functional recovery from facial paralysis induced by facial nerve crush at the level of the stylomastoid foramen. Furthermore, we have established that the mechanism behind this enhancement of regeneration involves an acceleration of the rate of regeneration, without a shortening in the delay of sprout formation. From those studies, several unexpected findings of inherent sex differences emerged. First, intact (nongonadectomized) females have a faster facial nerve regeneration rate than males and, second, testosterone has a less dramatic effect on the rate of regeneration in females compared to males. In the present study, we explored these novel findings of sex differences in the response of motor neurons to injury. Adult intact female hamsters were subjected to right facial nerve crush axotomy at the level of stylomastoid foramen and either implanted with two or four silastic capsules containing 5α-dihydrotestosterone, or sham- implanted for controls. A group of adult intact male hamsters was also subjected to right facial nerve crush axotomy. Animals were observed daily, beginning on Day 1 postoperatively and continuing throughout a 3-week recovery period for signs of functional recovery from facial paralysis. The average day of return of each of four behavioral components (semi-blink, blink reflex, full vibrissae movement, and complete recovery) was calculated for all four experimental groups. The results indicate that intact females recover functional return of movement following crush injury significantly faster than intact males. In contrast to our previous findings in male hamsters, administration of exogenous steroids does not accelerate recovery from facial paralysis in adult female hamsters. Why these sex differences in both inherent recovery from peripheral nerve injury and in the ability of androgens to augment regeneration occur is unknown, but will be interesting to explore from a molecular perspective in future studies.
Facial nerve paralysis after epidural blood patch; Background. A 35-year-old parturient developed a unilateral facial nerve palsy after an epidural blood patch for treatment of subarachnoid-cutaneous fistula. Conclusions. Idiopathic facial paralysis and other pathogenic mechanisms are discussed. The course of the events support the suggestion that changes in subarachnoid and epidural pressures after an epidural blood patch could precipitate an injury to the 7th nerve.
Treatment of facial muscles affected by Bell's palsy with high-voltage electrical muscle stimulation; Objection: This report discusses high-voltage electrical muscle stimulation and chiropractic manipulation used to treat two patients who suffered from Bell's palsy. Clinical Features: Case A: A 15-yr-old with left sided facial palsy was seen 2 days after the onset of symptoms. Upon observation, the left upper and lower eyelids were drooping and the left eye had excessive tearing. Motion palpation indicated multiple fixations in the cervical spine. Laboratory studies showed a microcytic anemia. A clinical diagnosis of Bell's palsy (House-Brackmann Grade V) and microcytic anemia was made. Case B: A 17-yr-old with left sided facial palsy was seen 8 days after onset of symptoms. Upon observation, the patient showed left sided facial paralysis and an inability to close the left eye completely. Motion palpation indicated multiple fixations in the cervical spine. A clinical diagnosis of Bell's palsy (House-Brackmann Grade V) was made. Intervention and Outcome: Both patients were treated with high-voltage pulsed galvanic current at 80 peaks/sec with a 7-inch hand-held probe for 10 min each visit. In addition, the cervical spine fixations were mobilized using chiropractic manipulation. Case A was resolved after 6 wk of treatment and case B was resolved after 3 wk of treatment. Conclusion: Both patients benefited from these procedures with complete resolution of symptoms. The techniques outlined should be used at an early stage to accelerate progress toward normal facial muscle function.
Acute peripheral facial nerve palsy in children: Etiology and prognosis; Background. As facial nerve palsy is usually of sudden onset and of obscure etiology, a survey of large series may provide new information. Patients and methods. The files of 40 children suffering from acute facial nerve palsy seen in 3 pediatric and 1 otorhinolaryngologic (ORL) departments between 1980 and 1990 were analysed. Patients with congenital palsy and those with paralysis that appeared after injury or in the course of acute or chronic disease (otitis media, tumor) were excluded from the study. The children were 9 months-16 years old (mean: 7 year 1 month). There were 22 left and 18 right facial nerve palsies. The palsy was moderate in 17 children, severe in 15, and total in 5. Etiologic factors (viral serologic studies, CSF examination), ORL studies and electromyogram of the facial nerve were analyzed in the majority of cases. Corticosteroids were used in 30 patients. Results. A viral etiology was suspected and/or confirmed in 13 children; abnormalities were seen in 6 of the patients who underwent lumbar puncture. A familial facial nerve palsy was seen in 1 case and kidney disease in 2 cases. 23 cases appeared to be idiopathic. A moderate permanent residual weakness was seen in only 4 children. The mean time forrecovery was 32 days (4-140 days). Corticosteroids did not influence the incidence of complete recovery, but decreased the time for recovery (26 versus 37 days) only in the patients who were treated before the 3rd day of the disease. Patients with idiopathic palsy recovered 23 days before thore with viral etiology. Conclusions. Idiopathic and post-viral facial nerve palsies seem to have an excellent prognosis. Corticosteroids seem to have no effect although there is some evidence of benefit when treatment is begun early.
Bacterial meningitis and Lyme neuroborreliosis in childhood; Neurologic infections represent a major problem in child neurology. Recent research on this issue has had important implications for diagnosis and pathophysiology of infectious diseases of the child's brain, resulting in new therapeutic approaches. A better understanding of the molecular pathophysiology of bacterial meningitis has developed, and therapeutic interventions focus on the host's inflammatory response. Therapeutic trials with dexamethasone in addition to antibiotic treatment have yielded promising results in reducing morbidity and long-term neurologic sequelae in bacterial meningitis. The detection of Lyme borreliosis in 1977 substantially influenced the differential diagnosis of inflammatory central nervous system diseases. Lyme neuroborreliosis proved a main cause of acute peripheral facial palsy and aseptic meningitis in children. An effective antibiotic treatment has become available for a large number of patients with these illnesses.
Salivary duct carcinoma: A report of nine cases; Nine cases of salivary duct carcinoma are presented. Eight lesions were located in the parotid gland and one in the submandibular gland. Tumor size was greater than 3 cm in four cases (44%), and facial paralysis was observed in five tumors (62.5%). Lymph node metastases were observed macroscopically or microscopically in seven patients. Perineural and lymphatic invasion were detected in eight and seven cases, respectively. Free surgical margins were obtained in eight of the nine patients (88%). Adjuvant postoperative irradiation was delivered in eight patients. Five patients died of disease in spite of the different clinicopathologic characteristics and aggressiveness of the surgery and irradiation. None of the parameters studied correlated with the final outcome.
Early symptoms and outcome of Listeria monocytogenes rhombencephalitis: 14 Adult cases; Listeria monocytogenes rhombencephalitis has never been studied in a significant group of patients. We describe 14 adult cases who were seen over a 10-year period. A biphasic illness was characteristic: (1) prodromes (5-15 days) with malaise, fatigue, headache, nausea or vomiting, and fever; (2) cranial nerve palsy with facial palsy, diplopia, dysphagia, dysarthria, usually multiple. Meningism and hemi- or tetraparesis were present in 11 patients and cerebellar dysfunction in 9 patients. In 4 cases, CT showed widening of the brain stem with disappearance of the surrounding cisterns. The cerebrospinal fluid was abnormal in all patients in whom this investigation was done (pleocytosis, elevation in protein content). The patients received antibiotic therapy for 2-6 weeks: In the 9 patients who recovered, the neurological dysfunction improved within 2 days to 1 week of the initiation of therapy. There were 5 deaths. At autopsy in 2 cases, there was severe purulent meningitis and rhombencephalitis with predominantly polymorphonuclear cellular infiltration in 1 case, while numerous microabscesses in the midbrain, pons and medulla were observed in the other. We conclude that L. monocytogenes infection should be considered in patients who develop fever and focal neurological signs particularly localized to the brain stem.
Systemic T-cell lymphoma presenting with isolated neurological dysfunction and intraparenchymal brain lesions. Case report; Secondary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of the central nervous system is typically a late manifestation of systemic T-cell lymphoma, with a 2-month median survival time after the development of neurological disease. Of the reported patients with this late complication, only 1% manifest spread of the disease to the brain parenchyma. The authors report a patient with an unusual initial neurological presentation of systemic T-cell lymphoproliferative disorder and associated space-occupying lesions of the brain parenchyma. The diagnosis was supported by extensive molecular, immunological, and histopathological analysis. Neurological symptoms appeared early in the course of systemic disease and were characterized by spontaneous exacerbations and remissions. The patient has survived for more than 5 years since the onset of his neurological symptoms. Histopathological characterization including immunoperoxidase staining for T-cell markers, DNA content, and cell-cycle analysis of brain tissue obtained at stereotactic biopsy were compared to those of atypical lymphoid cells of peripheral blood, bone marrow, and liver. The neurological manifestations and possible etiologies of T-cell lymphoma are discussed.
Acute 'idiopathic' peripheral facial palsy: Clinical, serological, and cerebrospinal fluid findings and effects of corticosteroids; Introduction: The causes for peripheral facial palsy remain obscure in many patients. Evidence exists suggesting viruses, especially those belonging to the herpesvirus group, may be causative. This study was developed to evaluate this theory. Methods: One hundred forty-seven patients with acute peripheral facial palsy of primarily unknown origin were studied. All were examined within 1 week of onset. Subsequent follow-up was undertaken until the palsy had recovered or become static. Paried cerebral spinal fluid and serum samples were obtained for serological evaluation to detect herpes simplex, varicella zoster, cytomegalovirus, measles, mumps, rubella, tick- borne encephalitis, adenovirus, Epstein-Barr virus, and human immunodeficiency virus, as well as the antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi. Results: Elevated antibiotic titers to Borrelia burgdorferi were observed in 11% of patients, whereas 9% of patients demonstrated elevated viral titers. Antibody pattern consistent with Epstein-Barr virus reactivation was present in 13%. A total of 67% were classified as idiopathic. Conclusion: Patients with reactivated Epstein-Barr virus were characterized by having a higher incidence of auricular pain and displayed diabetes mellitus in a higher frequency than in other groups. In the Borrelia group, neck/back pain was more common. Healing was less favorable in the Borrelia group despite an equal rate of palsy at onset and adequate antibiotic treatment. Corticosteroid treatment used in 44% of the patients did not significantly improve the functional outcome.
Facial nerve paralysis from slag injury to the ear; Transtympanic facial nerve paralysis resulting from a penetrating injury through the external auditory canal is a rare occurrence. The common mechanism of paralysis is direct fracture or penetration of the fallopian canal. Slag injuries of the ear caused by hot sparks or molten metal are well known to otolaryngologists because they often result in chronic tympanic membrane perforations and chronic otorrhea. We have encountered two unusual cases of transtympanic slag injury to the ear that resulted in facial nerve injury. In one patient, a significant inner ear injury also occurred. A pathophysiologic mechanism of thermal injury is proposed, and the use of ear protection in welders is discussed.
Early diagnosis of otologic Wegener's granulomatosis using the serologic marker C-ANCA; Wegener's granulomatosis is a systemic vasculitis that may involve any organ system. Otologic manifestations are common, and can be the presenting complaint. In the past, diagnosis often necessitated the development of characteristic pulmonary or renal disease. The identification of a new serologic marker, cytoplasmic pattern antineutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibody (C-ANCA), allows for the early diagnosis of Wegener's granulomatosis and gives the patient the best chance for remission with cytotoxic therapy. We report two patients with Wegener's granulomatosis who presented with refractory otitis media, one of whom subsequently developed facial nerve paralysis, in which an early diagnosis was facilitated by the use of the C- ANCA test. Otologic manifestations of Wegener's granulomatosis and the basis of the C-ANCA test are discussed.
AAEM case report 26: Seventh cranial neuropathy; A 25-year-old man with acute, bilateral facial palsies is presented. He had a lymphocytic meningitis, history of tick bites, and lived in an area endemic for Lyme disease, which was ultimately confirmed by serology. Electrodiagnostic investigation included facial motor nerve study, blink reflex and electromyography of facial muscles, which were indicative of a neurapraxic lesion on the right and an axonopathic lesion on the left. The clinical course was consistent with these findings as the right side fully recovered and the left remained plegic. The clinical features of Lyme associated facial neuritis are reviewed, as is the electrodiagnostic evaluation of facial palsy.
Facial nerve dysfunction in osteopetrosis; When facial nerve dysfunction occurs in conjunction with one of the rare temporal bone dysplasias, the physician faces a therapeutic dilemma. There is no consensus in the literature regarding the management of facial paralysis or facial spasm under these circumstances. During the past 2 years, four patients were seen with forms of osteopetroses and neurotologic symptoms. A patient with malignant, recessive osteopetrosis and a patient with Engelmann's disease were surgically managed for facial paralysis and facial spasm. The outcome of the treatment is discussed as well as the available literature on this subject. A new complication of facial nerve decompression in children with osteopetrosis is described, as well as appropriate caveats in the management of facial nerve disorders in the osteopetroses.
Facial nerve monitoring in surgery for congenital auricular atresia; Surgery for congenital auricular atresia places the facial nerve at risk because of its potential aberrancy; iatrogenic facial paralysis is a well- known potential risk. Five cases of congenital auricular atresia are presented. All patients had intraoperative monitoring of the facial nerve. The facial nerve was found to be abnormally displaced, usually due to hypoplasia of the tympanic ring. Preoperative and postoperative facial nerve function was unchanged by surgery. Facial nerve monitoring is an important adjunct in congenital ear surgery because it allows for early and precise identification of the nerve in the absence of normal surgical landmarks and provides for continuous monitoring of the nerve.
Botulinum A toxin for treatment of aberrant facial nerve regeneration; Twelve patients with involuntary synkinetic eyelid closure were given 40 injections of botulinum A toxin. Temporary improvement in involuntary eyelid closure was observed in all 12 patients. Eleven of the 12 patients desired repeated injections. Dose requirements for this indication were compared with doses used in 697 injections in 112 patients with essential blepharospasm and Meige syndrome. Additionally, dose comparisons were made with 269 injections in 71 patients with hemifacial spasm. Dose requirements needed to treat aberrant regeneration of the facial nerve were substantially less than needed to treat blepharospasm and Meige syndrome. The dose requirement was similar to that in hemifacial spasm treatment. The reason for the differences probably relates to existing muscular denervation associated with hemifacial spasm and aberrant facial nerve regeneration.
Complications in head and neck microsurgery; Microvascular surgery plays a vital role in head and neck reconstruction. This paper deals with the complications arising from this form of surgery. They can be classified as general complications, anastomotic problems, and specific problems related to particular donor and recipient sites.
Carcinoma of the parotid gland: Analysis of treatment results and patterns of failure after combined surgery and radiation therapy; Background. The authors retrospectively studied 62 patients with malignant parotid tumors, treated by combined surgery and radiation therapy between 1975 and 1989. No patients were lost to follow-up, and all living patients were interviewed. The median follow-up time was 66 months. Results. Among the 62 patients, there were five isolated local failures. Distant failure was observed in 11 patients. Neck failure was uncommon except in patients with advanced neck disease on presentation. The actuarial 5-year and 10-year local control rates were 95% and 84%, respectively. The corresponding actuarial disease-free survival (DFS) rates were 77% and 65%, respectively. Patients with larger tumors, recurrent disease, or involvement of the facial nerve tended to have lower DFS rates. No statistically significant differences were observed for patients treated with once-daily versus twice-daily radiation therapy fractionation schemes. Conclusions. Treatment was well tolerated, and severe treatment sequelae were uncommon. In summary, surgery in combination with radiation therapy is highly efficacious in controlling malignant tumors of the parotid gland.
Facial palsy after sagittal split osteotomies. A survey of 1747 sagittal split osteotomies; Facial nerve palsy following a sagittal split osteotomy is a rare but serious complication. The incidence of facial nerve injury in a group of 1747 patients who had undergone a bilateral sagittal split osteotomy (3494 sagittal splits) was determined and proved to be 0.26% (9 cases). The case histories of 2 patients are presented, and the etiology, diagnosis, treatment and prevention of this complication are discussed.
One-and-a-half syndrome following intravenous morphine injection in a drug user; A 25-year-old man presented with a history of headache, dizziness and diplopia after intravenous injection of dissolved morphine sulphate tablets. He had no other symptoms of cerebellar or brainstem dysfunction. On examination, a left one-and-a-half syndrome, right paralytic pontine exotropia and left partial lower facial nerve palsy were found. Radiological examination with M.R.I. brain scan showed a pontine infarct at the level of the facial and auditory nerve complex. Gradual recovery after dexamethasone therapy.
Neuroborreliosis: diagnostic difficulties; Borreliosis is a condition caused by spirochaete-Borrelia burgdorferi, characterised by multiorgan changes and prolonged course with three consecutive stages. The number of diagnosed cases in Poland tends to increase. This is due to the availability of diagnosis tests. Owing to the analysis of blood and CSF by the fluorimetric method 3M IgG/IgM Fastlyme, neuroborreliosis was confirmed in 5 patients (hospitalised in Neurological Clinic of Medical Academy in Białystok). Three of the cases were characterised by a bilateral palsy of facial nerve and abnormal CSF, as evidenced by pleocytosis (100% lymphocytes) and elevated protein. Patient 4 diagnosed by dermatologists as having Acrodermatitis atrophicans, should be classified, however, as the third stage of the disease, while according to neurological changes--namely a lesion of shoulder plexus--as the second stage. Evaluation of patient 5 presented most difficulties. Considering long-term disease and the time from the onset to the admission to the neurological clinic, she was likely to develop the third stage of the disease, and therefore, our treatment failed to be so effective as in aforementioned cases.
Low energy laser therapy for treatment of post-herpetic neuralgia.; Post-herpetic neuralgia is a significant and severe disability that afflicts some patients following the acute manifestation of the disease despite what may be considered adequate pharmacological treatment at the time of onset of the vesicular rash. Surgery in general has little to offer in this condition although dorsal route entry zone lesions may be appropriate in some situations. Low dose laser therapy has been of value in a small series, to date, of cases that the treatment has been used on. This has been both in the early phase soon after the vesicles have cleared and often late, many years after the onset of the pain. Reported is a good improvement rate in approximately 60% of cases. The treatment is non-invasive and consideration of initial laser therapy is advocated.
Brain-stem encephalitis caused by Epstein-Barr virus; A case of brain-stem encephalitis with strong serologic evidence of acute Epstein-Barr virus infection is described. Recovery was rapid without treatment, but mild neurologic sequelae were seen at 6-month follow-up. Epstein-Barr virus infection in childhood may be asymptomatic and heterophil antibody negative. Encephalitis is an unusual but well-recognized complication of Epstein-Barr virus infection, but localized brain-stem involvement, to our knowledge, has not been previously described.
Shark oil pneumonia: An overlooked entity; Nonprescription drugs are often believed to be innocuous. We present a case of lipoid pneumonia from ingestion of squalene, a derivative of shark liver oil, a popular over-the-counter Asian folk remedy.
Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring in posterior fossa acoustic neuroma surgery; Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring has become an indispensable tool during cerebellopontine angle surgery. Ninety-seven patients underwent surgical removal of an acoustic neurinoma with the use of a pneumatic sensor monitoring between January 1, 1986, and December 31, 1990. In the early postoperative period, a normal or near-normal facial function (grades I and II) was achieved in 86% of the patients, a moderate dysfunction (grade III) was present in 7%, and a total or severe dysfunction (grades V or VI) was present in 6%. Normal function at 1 year was achieved in 90.5% of the patients, 4% were grade II, a moderate dysfunction (grade III) was present in 2%, and 3% showed a total or severe dysfunction (grade V and VI). The incidence of normal function decreased with tumor size, with an occurrence rate of 100%, 94%, and 91% in small, medium, and large tumors, respectively. In eight consecutive patients, all responses detected by the monitoring during the operation were collected and analyzed according to intraoperative events. Analysis of the results indicate that 95% of the 316 mechanically induced stimulations were of small or extremely small amplitude, and only 5% were of moderate amplitude. A medial-to-lateral strategy of dissection, preservation of the arachnoid veil over the facial nerve, a control by the monitoring of the amount of traction, and a more widespread use of sharp dissection were the major approaches to reduce surgical trauma during dissection.
Clinical and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Findings in a Patient with "Locked-in" Syndrome; A man with primary brainstem infarction developed the "locked-in" syndrome. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) demonstrated occlusion of the vertebral and basilar arteries associated with structural changes in the pons and midbrain. Cerebrospinal fluid analysis was significant for elevated protein content and high titers of myelin basic protein.
Peripheral facial nerve paralysis after local upper dental anaesthesia; A 50-year-old female patient developed a facial nerve paralysis after a local upper dental block. This complication is known to occur after an inferior dental block but has only sporadically been reported after local anaesthetic procedures in the upper jaw for dental treatment. Some possible pathogenetic mechanisms are discussed.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation excites the root exit zone of the facial nerve; THE ACTUAL SITE of excitation of the facial nerve by transcranial magnetic stimulation was investigated in five patients with hemifacial spasm who underwent microvascular decompression. The facial nerve was stimulated preoperatively and intraoperatively by transcranial magnetic stimulation and intraoperatively by electrical stimulation at its root exit zone with a minimum of surgical invasion of the facial nerves. The onset latency of compound muscle action potentials recorded from the nasalis muscle was 5.06 ± 0.44 ms by magnetic stimulation and 5.08 ± 0.43 ms by electrical stimulation. The latency difference was 0.06 ± 0.08 ms. Therefore, transcranial magnetic stimulation was basically the same as electrical stimulation in onset latency. From this study, it appears that the root exit zone of the facial nerves is stimulated by transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Result of decompression surgery in late-stage severe facial paralysis; We investigated the usefulness of decompression surgery in the treatment of the facial nerve in 23 patients with severe complete facial paralysis regardless of etiology. All patients were followed up for at least one year after onset. Nine patients underwent decompression surgery within a month of onset (Group A), 10 underwent surgery at a later time (Group B), and 4 did not receive surgery (Group C). In Group A, 2 patients showed satisfactory recovery and 2 fair recovery. In Group B, 4 patients showed satisfactory outcome, and one patient who underwent surgery 131 days after onset showed fair outcome. No patient in Group C showed satisfactory or fair recovery. There were no significant differences among the three groups in the percentage showing sequelae after treatment. We conclude that decompression surgery is indicated even for patients with severe facial paralysis who have a history of palsy of 2 months' or more duration.
Epidemiology and clinical manifestations of Lyme borreliosis in childhood. A prospective multicentre study with special regard to neuroborreliosis; Lyme borreliosis is a tick-borne infection caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi, whose discovery in 1982 solved an aetiological mystery involving a variety of dermatological and neurological disorders and explained their association with Lyme disease. Lyme borreliosis occurs frequently and is readily treatable with antibiotics. Along with this discovery, however, came the realization that it is difficult to diagnose accurately, especially antibody diagnosis. False-positive antibody results in particular led to gradual widening of the clinical spectrum, and differential diagnosis became increasingly difficult. This prospective, multicentre study presents a systematic description of Lyme borreliosis in childhood, emphasizing epidemiological and clinical issues. Because, predominantly, inpatients were examined, Lyme neuroborreliosis was the focus of the study, with the chief concern being to minimize false-positive results. To this end, we chose to narrow the diagnostic criteria, using the presence of specific antibodies in the cerebrospinal fluid as the determining factor. The epidemiological investigation was focused on the incidence of Lyme neuroborreliosis in childhood in southern Lower Saxony as well as on the prevalence of Lyme neuroborreliosis among acute-inflammatory neurological illnesses in children. The clinical part of the study aimed at establishing criteria for differential diagnosis in addition to the detection of specific antibodies. The detection of specific IgM antibodies using an IgM capture ELISA confirmed the presence of acute Lyme borreliosis.
Facial nerve management in cranial base surgery; This study reviewed 124 patients who required facial nerve manipulation during cranial base surgery. Most of them underwent only nerve displacement or selective transection for improved surgical access to the cranial base (70 and 34, respectively). Fourteen patients had the facial nerve resected for oncologic reasons and repaired with primary nerve grafting. Most patients regained quite satisfactory facial function with quality correlating with the degree of nerve injury. Six patients had facial nerve resected as part of oncologic palliation and had the facial deficit rehabilitated with regional tissue. A correlation between preoperative facial nerve weakness and the quality of nerve graft function was not found. An oncologic correlation, however, is suggested (patients with preoperative weakness had less favorable prognosis). Overall, patients who require facial nerve resection for oncologic reasons do not do as well as those with normal preoperative function.
Early postnatal treatment of congenital facial palsy in patients with hemifacial microsomia; Facial palsy associated with hemifacial microsomia results in a devastating deformity. To date, no attempts on early treatment of the associated facial palsy have been reported. A therapeutic approach may be to provide reinnervation to the affected muscles through a crossed facial nerve graft. The purpose of this paper is to present 8 cases of hemifacial microsomia with associated facial palsy. All these patients were treated before 1 year of age with cross-sural-to-facial nerve grafts. After a 1 year follow-up, clinical and electrodiagnostic results indicate axonal continuity through the graft and evidence of reinnervation activity in all patients. Crossed facial nerve grafting appears to be an adequate procedure in patients with hemifacial microsomia with associated facial palsy.
An algorithm for the management of acoustic neuromas regarding age, hearing, tumor size, and symptoms; An algorithm has evolved for the management of patients with acoustic neuroma. Decisions as to surgery vs. observation, surgical approach, and whether hearing preservation should be attempted depend on age, patient symptoms, size of the tumor, residual hearing, and degree of facial nerve involvement at the time of surgery. Conservative management is used for patients over 65 years of age. This consists of observation or subtotal resection through a translabyrinthine approach, depending on the absence or presence of brainstem signs or symptoms. In patients under 65 years of age, hearing preservation is attempted through the retrosigmoid approach in tumors 1.5 cm or less if pure-tone average is less than 30 dB and the discrimination score is greater than 70%. The translabyrinthine approach is our preferred approach for tumors of any size when hearing is not serviceable. A near- total excision is performed when the facial nerve cannot be separated from the tumor. The rationale for this algorithm in the management of 130 cases of acoustic neuroma over the past 17 years is presented.
Intracranial longitudinal splitting of facial nerve: A new approach for hemifacial spasm; A new surgical technique for the treatment of hemifacial spasm consisting of longitudinal splitting of the facial nerve in the cerebellopontine angle is described. Thirty-three cases have been treated with good results. Follow- up of 20 cases for 1 year or more showed no recurrence or facial paresis. One case required a second operation. The novelty of this approach lies in its effectiveness in relieving the symptoms without running the risk of overmanipulating the aberrant artery.
Electroneurography: electrical evaluation of the facial nerve.; This article provides an introduction, anatomic considerations, and description of technique for the performance of electroneurography. Two case studies are provided as illustrations.
Surgical treatment of facial nerve paralysis in fractures of the temporal bone; Of 36 patients with facial nerve palsy caused by the fracture of the temporal bone, 28 were treated surgically and 8 conservatively. The way of treatment was determined after the detailed radiologic, neurootologic, vestibular and functional hearing examinations as well as of the damaged facial nerve. Numerous neurootologic disorders have the decisive clinical value in evaluation of the site and degree of destruction and selection of adequate way of treatment. The authors have shown that early surgical intervention and combined transmastoid and translabyrinthine approach provide the most suitable conditions for surgical management of the facial nerve and all associated damages in the region of the middle and inner ear.
Surgical treatment of lymphangioma of the neck; We studied 54 surgically treated cases of lymphangioma of neck, including total resection in 41 cases and partial resection combined with cryosurgery in 13. No recurrence was found in all 52 followed up cases. Facial Paralysis after operation occurred in 10 cases, among them, 9 made a recovery during a period of 2 to 6 months. We suggest that partial resection is the procedure of choice in order not to damage important surrounding structure in those cases and that total resection is not feasible. This relapse-free long term survival.
Ear-nose-throat abnormalities in the CHARGE association; A comprehensive evaluation of the otolaryngological abnormalities in 50 patients with colobomata, heart defect, atresia of the choanae, retarded growth or development, genital hypoplasia, and ear anomalies or deafness (CHARGE) was performed. All the patients had ear abnormalities; 96% (48/50) had malformed pinnae, and 54% (27/50) had facial nerve palsies. Only 8% (4/50) had normal hearing, the commonest hearing defect being severe conductive or mixed loss. Eighty-four percent (42/50) of computed tomographic scans of the temporal bone were abnormal, the characteristic abnormality being the combination of a hypoplastic incus and absent semicircular canals. Eighty-six percent (43/50) of patients had upper airway abnormalities. Posterior choanal abnormalities occurred in 56% (28/50), and 42% (21/50) had retrognathia leading to intubation difficulties. Laryngotracheal abnormalities occurred in 38% (19/50), and 14% (7/50) required tracheostomies. Careful upper airway assessment is essential to avoid potentially lethal complications such as aspiration.
Unifocal Langerhans' cell histiocytosis (eosinophilic granuloma) of the petrous apex; Eosinophilic granuloma is a localized form of histiocytosis X, or Langerhans' cell histiocytosis, a benign lesion of proliferating Langerhans' cells. It is the least severe of the histiocytosis syndromes, and is characterized by lytic lesions of one or more bones. Temporal bone lesions usually occur in association with multifocal disease; however, isolated lesions may occur in either the mastoid bone alone, or in the entire temporal bone, without disease elsewhere in the body. We present the first case (to our knowledge) of eosinophilic granuloma, or unifocal Langerhans' cell histiocytosis, limited to the petrous apex. The patient, an 8-year-old girl, presented with facial nerve paralysis. Because of delay in definitive diagnosis, the disease extended beyond its original boundaries and resulted in complete destruction of the temporal bone. We will also review Langerhans' cell histiocytosis, with attention to its involvement of the temporal bone.
Isolation of Borrelia burgdorferi from CSF of children with neurologic involvement; Isolation of Borrelia burgdorferi from the CSF is relatively rare. The present report describes the first three isolations in Switzerland. Clinically, our first observation confirmed the frequent association of B. burgdorferi with peripheral facial paresis in children. The other two cases illustrate the variety of symptoms in neuroborreliosis. In the first case the culture was positive after 6 weeks. The results of serologic tests (indirect immunofluorescence and ELISA) for detection of antibodies against B. burgdorferi were negative or non-significant in this child's serum. On the other hand, specific antibodies (IgG) were detected in the serum by western blot. Culture of the second CSF already showed Borrelia growth after 10 days. Immunofluorescence revealed high antibody titers (1/256) against B. burgdorferi in this patient's serum. IgG showed a weakly positive reaction in western blot. The reliability of this result was confirmed by isolation of Borrelia. In neither of the two CSF could intrathecal synthesis of specific antibodies be demonstrated. In the third case, however, immunofluorescence showed IgG antibody titers of 1/128 in the CSF and 1/512 in serum. Intrathecal synthesis of specific antibodies was demonstrated with an index of 13.4 (norm <2). Western blot confirmed the specificity of the reactions observed with the serum and CSF IgG. Culture of CSF produced significant growth of Borrelia within 7 days. Protein profile and reactions with poly- and monoclonal antibodies confirmed that the three strains belonged to B. burgdorferi. In view of these three isolations out of a total of 34 cultured CSF from children aged under 11, the question arises whether culturing of B. burgdorferi should not be attempted in CSF of children with neurologic diseases, lymphocytic pleocytosis and strong clinical suspicion of neuroborreliosis, since the serologic findings may be false negative.
Primary carcinoma involving the petrous temporal bone; Between 1975 and 1985, 29 patients with the diagnosis of carcinoma of the petrous temporal bone were seen at the Princess Margaret Hospital. Twenty- seven carcinomas were graded: 13 were well-differentiated; the remaining 14 were either moderately or poorly differentiated tumors. Fifteen patients were managed with a combination of surgery and radiotherapy, 13 were treated with radiotherapy only, and one patient was treated by surgery alone. Median follow-up time was 6.1 years, and the 5-year actuarial local control and cause-specific survival rates for the entire group were 40% and 50%, respectively. Age greater than 60 years, poor grade of tumor, and involvement of the facial nerve were three significant variables associated with poor outcome. A superior 5-year actuarial local control was achieved with surgery plus postoperative radiotherapy (54%) compared to other treatment approaches. Based on the results from this review, we would continue to recommend a combined modality approach of surgery followed by postoperative radiotherapy in the management of this rare, but life-threatening disease.
HIV-related neurological disease; Early neurological complications present an opportunity to make an early diagnosis of HIV infection. Patients may present with subtle symptoms and signs of neurological disease, but many HIV-related complications are readily treated if they are correctly diagnosed. As there are also neurological side effects of anti-HIV drugs, the management of patients with neurological complications and HIV disease requires accurate diagnosis.
Testosterone enhancement of the nerve cell body response to injury: Evidence using in situ hybridization and ribosomal DNA probes; In axotomized peripheral motoneurons capable of successful regeneration, one of the earliest morphological indicators of the injury response occurs within the nucleolus. In the initial part of this investigation, we mapped the nucleolar response of injured adult hamster facial motoneurons from a molecular perspective, utilizing in situ hybridization and ribosomal DNA probes complementary to stable rRNA. Recently, we have discovered that the gonadal steroid, testosterone propionate (TP), accelerates recovery from facial paralysis in the hamster by increasing the rate of regeneration of the fastest regrowing axons. In the second part of this study, the hypothesis that TP accomplishes these effects on facial nerve regeneration through an enhancement of the nerve cell body response to injury was tested using in situ hybridization and rDNA probes. Adult intact male hamsters were subjected to right facial nerve axotomies at the stylomastoid foramen. One-half of the axotomized animals received subcutaneous implants of TP, with the remainder sham implanted. In situ hybridization with tritiated rDNA probes was accomplished and levels of hybridizable rRNA assessed both qualitatively and quantitatively. Axotomy alone induced an upregulation in rRNA levels, with peak changes occurring by 24 hr postoperative and continuing through postoperative day 4. These molecular changes in the nucleolar response preceded, by a full day, any morphological signs of the nucleolar reactive pattern previously found in this cell type, and, as such, point to the usefulness of in situ hybridization as a tool to identify the earliest events associated with the axon reaction. A secondary smaller increase in rRNA levels was observed during the later stages of regeneration. TP significantly augmented the ribosomal response to injury, with levels of rRNA increased as early as 6 hr and the magnitude of the response greater than that occurring following axotomy alone. These results provide the first mechanistic step in the identification of the cellular processes underlying gonadal steroid augmentation of neuronal reparative processes. We conclude that TP accelerates the 'switch' from a normal to a reparative state and suggest that this priming effect may be causally related to the differential effects of TP on the regenerative properties of this cell type.
Surgical management of the paralyzed eyelid; The most devastating sequelae of the facial nerve paralysis is the loss of eyelid function. The inability to blink, lubricate and protect the globe can lead to exposure keratitis, corneal abrasion and even the loss of vision. Eyelid closure is approximately 85% upper eyelid and 15% lower eyelid. In order to ensure adequate protection of the globe, deficiencies of both eyelids must be addressed. We report our experience with 20 patients with eyelid paralysis. Upper lid reanimation was performed by the placement of gold lid weights on the tarsal plate. Lower lid reanimation procedures included lateral canthopexy and horizontal lid shortening. A discussion of the above-mentioned procedures, the timing of the procedures and a critical analysis of results will be included. A comprehensive approach to the management of the paralyzed eye will be presented.
Diffuse white matter disease in three children: An encephalopathy with unique features on magnetic resonance imaging and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy; Amongst 21 children with unclassified white matter diseases three patients could be characterised by an identical clinical picture, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) findings as a probably distinct entity. Following a normal early development they later showed rapidly progressive motor symptoms (ataxia, spasticity) leading to severe handicap within one or two years after onset. Later on bulbar symptoms, optic atrophy and epileptic seizures occurred. The MRI showed a diffuse homogenous hypodensity of the white matter almost identical to the signal of the ventricles. MRS revealed a near total absence of N-acetylaspartate, choline and creatine and an increase of lactate and glucose. One girl and one boy were siblings, indicating an autosomal recessive trait.
Behavior management of a patient with Mobius syndrome: report of case.; A twelve-year old Mobius syndrome patient was successfully examined as an outpatient, using patience, tactile desensitization, and cooperative interaction. Restoration of carious teeth was accomplished, using general anesthesia. Behavioral intervention was successful, thus avoiding an unnecessary hospitalization for examination only.
Value of electroneurography and maximum stimulation test in the prognosis of idiopathic facial nerve palsy; We report our results with electroneurography (ENG) and the Maximum Stimulation Test (MST) in 200 patients with idiopathic facial palsy. Our aim was to determine the prognostic value of these tests in Bell's palsy. The MST demonstrated that, when the muscle response of the affected side is within the normal limits, the neuronal damage is slight, and complete functional recovery may be expected (grade I). When the muscle response decreases, the prognosis is less favorable. ENG showed that when the amplitude of the compound muscle action potential varies between 51 and 95% of the normal value, the neuronal damage is slight (neurapraxia), and complete functional recovery may be expected (grade I). When the percentage value of muscle response decreases, the prognosis is less favorable. The evaluation of our results and their correlation with the index of facial nerve functional recovery show that the two tests yield a high percentage of correctness, 98% for the ENG and 94% for the MST, and a low percentage of error.
Multiple Cranial Nerve Palsies in a Patient 15 Years after Curative Therapy for a Pituitary Adenoma; Over a 3-year period, a 31-year-old man developed multiple cranial nerve palsies consisting of diplopia, left-sided facial numbness and weakness, and loss of the left corneal reflex. Fifteen years prior to presentation, he had undergone curative therapy for a prolactin-secreting pituitary macroadenoma. The imaging studies were helpful in localizing the disease process, which correlated well with the clinical examination, and for focusing the differential diagnosis.
Petrous apex cholesteatoma: Diagnostic and treatment dilemmas; The diagnosis and treatment of petrous apex cholesteatoma is a difficult surgical challenge. This study is a review of 14 cases of cholesteatoma involving the petrous apex. These cholesteatomas originated as a congenital primary lesion or secondary to an acquired lesion. The cases were evaluated according to the clinical features, the intraoperative findings, the radiological findings, and the surgical approaches. In this series, 83% of the patients presented with hearing loss and 50% presented with facial nerve weakness or paralysis (House grade II to VI). Intraoperative and radiological features revealed frequent direct labyrinthine and supralabyrinthine cell spread. The transpetrous surgical approach was used in all cases. The main factors affecting the surgical approach to be adopted are the inaccessible nature of the petrous apex, the extent of disease, the degree of facial nerve function, and the need for the prevention of cerebrospinal fluid leaks and the recurrence of the lesion.
Otologic and neurotologic manifestations of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome; Otologic and neurotologic manifestations associated with HIV infection and AIDS occur but are less prevalent than other head and neck complaints. In the majority of cases, otologic disease is caused by routine organisms and responds to standard therapy. Often the ear disease is not directly related to the HIV infection. KS of the ear, P. carinii otitis, eustachian tube obstruction owing to nasopharyngeal mass, SOM, ABR abnormalities, sensorineural hearing loss secondary to central nervous system complications of AIDS, and facial nerve palsy constitute true otologic manifestations associated with HIV infection.
Orofacial manifestations of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. A study of 42 patients and review of 220 cases from the literature; We investigated orofacial manifestations in 42 patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome who were examined at our institution between 1965 and 1990. Patient histories and histologic and clinical findings were reviewed in detail. These data were compared with the oral findings in 220 cases that were reported in the literature between 1965 and 1990. There were 28 females in our study. The age at onset of signs and symptoms varied widely with a mean of 33.8 years. Most frequent initial signs were labial edema, facial swelling, 50% had facial edema, and 33% had Bell's palsy. Swelling, erythema, or painful erosions that affected the gingiva, buccal mucosa, palate, or tongue were common intraoral symptoms. A comparison with patients reported in the literature revealed a similar frequency of extraoral symptoms but more prevalent intraoral symptoms in our patients.
Facial nerve stimulation through Stensen's duct; We report on a new method of stimulating the facial nerve through Stensen's duct. Electrical resistance of the skin and subcutaneous tissue is one of the major problems of neurophysiological facial nerve testing. To overcome this disadvantage, the authors show that the facial nerve can be stimulated with far less current through Stensen's duct. The NET, ENoG, and antidromic facial nerve responses are recordable at less than a third of the current required for conventional percutaneous stimulation. It is our belief that nerve stimulation through Stensen's duct will be a new and useful method for assessing facial nerve dysfunction in the early stage of palsy.
Treatment of central facial nerve paralysis with electromyography biofeedback and taping of cheek. A controlled clinical trial; We studied 35 patients with facial palsy after stroke, admitted to a rehabilitation hospital. We examined the patients on admission and after one, two and six months with 1) clinical evaluation of the facial function using a modified House-Brackmann scale, 2) photographs of patients with six different facial expressions; these photos were evaluated by "blinded" observers using the modified House-Brackmann scale, 3) questionnaire about patients emotional reactions to the facial paralysis and 4) facial sensation. No differences were found between a control group of 12 and a group of patients (23) training facial function 2-3 times a week, each session of 15 minutes, with EMG-biofeedback and cheek taped between training sessions. A significant improvement in facial function occurred spontaneously after one month in rehabilitation unit in the total group. After six months 2/3 of the patients had normal facial function or mild dysfunction. Patients with right-sided facial palsy showed a significantly better improvement at six months as compared to patients with left-sided facial palsy. The questionnaire showed that only half of the patients were aware of the asymmetric face. We cannot recommend training with EMG-biofeedback to patients with facial paralysis after stroke. Spontaneous remission is to be expected.
Restoration of facial nerve function: An approach for the twenty-first century; The doctor may now approach the patient with facial paralysis with the confidence that surgical treatment is possible to restore animation of the face. Strategies for facial restoration are based on the period of denervation of the facial muscles. If the period of denervation is one year or less, then cross-facial nerve grafting is used; if the period of denervation is more than one year, then the procedure involves cross-facial nerve grafting followed by a free microneurovascular muscle transfer after one year. A hemihypoglossal neurotization of the facial nerve is now included in the procedure, to maintain neurotrophic influences and to tone the facial musculature while minimizing the lingual atrophy that accompanied traditional XII-VII transfers. Eyelid function can be restored immediately with gold weight placement into the upper lid; this procedure eliminates the need for tarsorraphy. This article provides examples of each approach.
Peripheral facial paralysis and HIV infection. Report of two cases; Two cases of peripheral facial paralysis in subjects with HIV infection are reported. On the basis of these two cases and data from the literature, the clinical and paraclinical features of this facial nerve lesion are described. The various aetiological hypotheses put forward are discussed, but it is probable that the paralysis results from a direct effect of the virus on the nerve. HIV-associated peripheral facial paralysis may occur irrespective of the number of CD4 lymphocytes and does not seem to have a prognostic significance. However, it appears by preference in stages I, II and III and may then reveal the HIV infection.
Diagnosis and therapy of infectious otitis externa; Knowledge of the different clinical manifestations of inflammation caused by specific infectious agents of the external ear canal and the auricle makes a successful empirical therapy possible. Initial therapy should always consist of local treatment modalities including repeated cleansing of the aural canal and insertion of a cotton wick carrying local medication. Major advancement of systemic therapy of bacterial external otitis has been obtained by the availability of the new Gyrase-inhibitors (Fluoroquinolones). These antibiotic drugs possess - given orally - strong activity against the entire spectrum of etiologic bacteria and are effective in the difficult to treat malignant external otitis. In systemic therapy of Zoster oticus the antiviral substance Aciclovir can improve otalgia and auricular eruptions. Early Aciclovir treatment is advised in cases of Ramsay Hunt Syndrome to minimize permanent nerve damage.
Surgical treatment of parotid neoplasms: Our experience; Surgical treatment of parotid gland tumors presents three main problems: 1. radicality, based on tumor extension and hystopathology; 2. iatrogenic facial nerve palsies; 3. surgical scare on the face. So, the target is to obtain the right surgical treatment with the lowest consequences rate. We describe our experience during the period january 1989-september 1991. Diagnosis has always been casual. Before operation we performed an ecotomographic study of the tumor, associated with a guided FNAB; cytologic examination showed 10 polimorphic adenomas. In two cases it didn't allow a diagnosis, so we performed an intraoperatory frosen section. The skin incision was periauricolar, C-shaped, prolonged toward the mastoid region, and permitted a complete exposure of the gland without producing scars on exposed areas of the face. We always isolated the facial nerve and its branches while dissecting the gland, performing a subtotal parotidectomy. Hystology showed 11 polimorphic adenomas and 1 Warthin's tumor. During an average follow-up period of 20 months we never observed a local recurrence, and registered only 3 temporary mandibular branch palsies that perhaps disappeared spontaneously. Our cutaneous incision permitted to perform the right surgical treatment of parotid gland tumors avoiding iatrogenic nervous lesions without leaving any scar on exposed areas of the face.
Treatment of Bell's palsy by mechanical force, manually assisted chiropractic adjusting and high-voltage electrotherapy; Bell's palsy is a relatively common, painful, unilateral facial paralysis of unknown etiology. While often claimed to be successfully treated by chiropractic methods, no standard treatment approach is generally recognized within the profession, nor has any report of chiropractic treatment of this condition been reported in the literature. This article discusses two cases of Bell's palsy successfully treated by mechanical force, manually assisted chiropractic adjusting technique combined with high-voltage electrotherapy. While these two cases do not necessarily represent any rule for the chiropractic treatment of Bell's palsy by the methods used, or for other chiropractic methods that may be used, they do represent an initial time/treatment 'baseline' by which future inter- and intratechnique comparisons may be made for the determination of relative effectiveness.
Facial nerve paralysis secondary to chronic otitis media without cholesteatoma; Numerous papers have been written on facial nerve paralysis caused by chronic suppurative otitis media. However the authors found none documenting the results of therapy in a series of patients in whom facial nerve dysfunction was caused by chronic otitis media without cholesteatoma. Thus, there is little factual information available to help select a specific therapeutic plan for such cases. Over the past decade, the senior author has managed five cases (6 ears) of chronic suppurative otitis media without cholesteatoma in which facial paresis (4 ears) or paralysis (2 ears) developed 10 days or less before surgery. The chronic otitis media involved the mastoid and middle ear in five cases; and the mastoid, middle ear, and petrous apex in one case. Modified radical mastoidectomy was performed in four ears, tympanomastoidectomy with facial recess exposure in one ear, and complete mastoidectomy with middle cranial fossa petrous apicectomy in one ear. Five patients had complete recovery of facial nerve function (House grade I), and one patient had 90 percent recovery (House grade II). The results provide support for semi-emergent surgery in the management of chronic suppurative otitis media when facial nerve paralysis supervenes.
Idiopathic facial paralysis: New therapeutic prospects with acetyl-L-carnitine; The study population was composed of 43 patients affected by idiopathic facial paralysis (20 males and 23 females), aged between 11 and 67. The study was carried out in a double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled manner. Acetyl-L-carnitine was given in an oral dose of 3 x 1 g daily for 1 month, along with a daily oral administration of 50 mg of methylprednisolone for 14 days. The evaluation was made by means of electromyograms (EMG) of the orbicularis oculi and oris muscles, by the Schirmes lacrimation test, by stapedial reflex test and a score scale for clinical assessment of paralysis. Results so far obtained have shown an earlier functional recovery of the nerve in those patients treated with acetyl-L-carnitine. Comparison between the affected and unaffected sides of the face revealed a statistical significance in the treated group (p < 0.05) as well as the amplitudes of the muscle action potentials (MAP) between the affected sides (p < 0.01).
Hemangioma of the petrous bone. Diagnosis and treatment; Hemangiomas of the temporal bone are benign, vascular and are tumors. The diagnosis is in most cases made during the operation because the symptoms are non conclusive. Two cases were recently observed: one simulating a Meniere disease while the tumor was developed close to the jugular bulb and the endolymphatic sac; the second invaded the geniculate area and the petrous apex and was revealed by a progressive facial palsy.
Observation on 63 cases of facial paralysis treated with acupuncture; Sixty-Three cases with facial paralysis were treated mainly by acupuncture combining with point injection. The main points selected were Yangbai (GB14), Wai Jingming (BL1), Sibai (ST2), Yingxiang (LI20), Dicang (ST4), Jiache (ST6), Quanliao (ST18) and Qianzheng. The points were used alternatively. Auxiliary points: for type of deficiency of both qi and blood, Zusanli (ST36), and Sanyinjiao (SP6) were added: for type of disharmony between Ying and Wei, Fengchi (GB20) and Hegu (LI4) were added; for type of stagnancy of qi and blood, Weiguan (TE5) and Taichong (LR3) were added; for type of wind-heat stagnating collaterals, Yifeng (TH17) and Yanglingquan (GB34) were added. 10 out of 60 cases, which showed no remarkable effectiveness after two courses, injection of vitamin B1 and vitamin B12 to facial points combined with Hegu (LI4) point on opposite side was performed. Therapeutic results: 31 cases (49.2%) were cured, 15 cases (23.8%) markedly effective, 16 cases (25.4%) effective and 1 case (1.6%) ineffective.
Herpes zoster treated by acupuncture.; The treatment of Herpes zoster by acupuncture is described. These were four patients with acute zoster and four with post-herpetic neuralgia. In a majority of the cases electro-acupuncture was found to be effective, and this treatment should be instigated as early as possible. Since the treatment of Herpes zoster by drugs is not routinely successful and can prove expensive, acupuncture, whose side effects are minimal, merits a trial.
Carcinoma of temporal bone presenting as malignant otitis externa; A 69-year-old man presented with a three-month history of otalgia and tenderness of the right ear and a one-week history of a painful right parotid swelling. Examination revealed granulation tissue in the right ear canal with normal looking tympanic membranes and a parotid abscess. Repeated biopsies from the ear canal and parotid showed non-specific inflammation. Repeated cultures from both areas grew Ps. aeruginosa. The patient's condition improved following three weeks of intensive treatment for malignant otitis externa only to relapse five weeks after the end of treatment. He received a second course, only to improve temporarily. He developed a right facial nerve palsy five weeks after he was first seen, followed four months later by palsies of all cranial nerves except the olfactory, before dying, seven months after his first appointment. The radiological, histological and post-mortem findings are discussed.
Causes of facial nerve paresis after translabyrinthine surgery for acoustic neuroma; Forty-six consecutive video-recorded translabyrinthine operations at Gentofte Hospital, for tumors of 5 to 25 mm, were investigated for possible damage to the facial nerve from cauterization, suction, stretching, pushing, and other instrumental trauma at the following regions: fundus, internal meatus, porus, cerebellopontine angle, and brain stem. House-Brackmann grading of the postoperative facial nerve function was determined from the patient records for the 1st, 3rd, and 10th days and 3 months and 6 months postoperatively, as well as the final status. Suction on the nerve seems to be the most important factor for perioperative facial nerve damage. The most common site of damage was the porus region. This investigation shows thermic drilling lesions to be very relevant. There was no correlation between the degree and character of damage and the postoperative facial nerve function. In eight patients we cannot explain the postoperative facial palsy.
One-stage extralong neurovascular pedicled segmental muscle flap transfer in the treatment of late facial paralysis; One-stage extralong neurovascular pedicled segmental muscle flap transfer was used in the treatment of late facial paralysis in 10 cases. The length of ultralong neurovascular pedicle (14-17.5 cm) was longer than that of normal muscle flap (3.5-8 cm), since the former included dorsal thoracic artery, vein and nerve with their branches and ending segments as a whole. Compared with the current operations, the design of this operation can omit the cross-facial nerve graft in the first stage of operation and prevent the possible failure of additional nerve anastomosis. Ten cases were followed up for more than a year. All of them revealed voluntary movement of the transferred muscle flap with satisfactory results.
Preliminary observation of imaging of facial temperature along meridians; Visualization of meridians has been carried out by means of infrared thermography and radionuclide scintigraphy, but real success was hardly achieved on some special regions including facial channels. In this paper, we would represent some imagings of thermal line along channels by means of infrared thermography. Distribution of the facial temperature in 139 cases of healthy volunteers and 305 cases of patients with facial paralysis was observed with model AGA-782 infrared thermovision and TC-800 computer. In all cases of patients and 15 cases of healthy persons, acupuncture test was conducted. Special program, DISCO3.1 was used to process the thermographic data and the results were as follows: 1. Facial thermal line along channel was presented in 95 out of 444 cases. High temperature line along bladder channel appeared in 34 cases of them; 2. In 26 out of 95 cases, the thermal line appeared after acupuncture, which could improve the imaging of the line; 3. The range of the temperature was within 1.3 degrees C, in some cases only 0.2-0.3 degrees C, with +/- 0.5-1.0 degrees C difference to surrounding temperature; the width of the line was 1-1.5 cm in most cases; 4. The line could appear stably, in some cases, last for several days, weeks or months; 5. Certain relationship between the appearing of the line and facial paralysis was found. As mentioned above, the thermal characteristics of meridians in face could be visualized by means of infrared thermography, the special imaging of facial temperature along bladder meridian was easily found, related to facial troubles and promoted by acupuncture.
Prognostic value of evoked and standard electromyography in acute facial paralysis; Ninety-one patients with idiopathic (n = 62) and traumatic (n = 29) facial paralyses were available for evaluation at least 1 year after the onset of paralysis. In nine cases of idiopathic paralysis and in 12 cases of traumatic paralysis, total intratemporal nerve decompression was performed. The remaining patients were treated with steroids alone. All patients underwent evoked electromyography (EEMG) testing within 2 weeks of the onset of paralysis. Facial nerve recovery was graded using the House-Brackmann facial nerve recovery scale. Subjects were grouped according to maximal decline of compound muscle action potential (CAP), as determined by EEMG, and by level of recovery 1 year after onset of paralysis. Among patients who did not undergo surgical decompression of the facial nerve, incomplete clinical recovery (grade III or higher) was significantly associated with CAP decline of >90% (p < 0.05) for idiopathic paralysis. In contrast, there was no significant association between CAP decline of >90% and clinical outcome in traumatic paralysis. These findings support previous reports of the prognostic value of EEMG in idiopathic facial paralysis, but suggest that this test may have less predictive value in the evaluation of facial paralysis as a result of trauma.
Herpes zoster of the right cervical region associated with right facial nerve palsy and hoarseness; A 69-year-old man was suffering from herpes zoster on his 2nd and 3rd right cervical spinal segments and 3rd branch of the trigeminal nerve. He came to our hospital on his 10th illness day and was treated with continuous cervical epidural block, intravenous infusion of acyclovir for five days, and oral paramethazone and Vitamin B12. On his 18th illness day, right facial nerve palsy and hoarseness became clear. His cerebrospinal fluid showed no abnormality except cell count 23·3 mm-2. No clear paralysis of vocal cords was detected on laryngoscopy. He was also treated with right stellate ganglion block starting on his 2lst illness day. His pain and facial nerve palsy recovered completely by his 68th illness day, but hoarseness continued about two months. The hoarseness might be a result of spread of the disease 1) by cerebrospinal fluid, 2) by contact with the 3rd cervical nerve and vagal nerve via accessory nerve, and 3) direct effect on the vocal cords and the muscles controlling them. Herpes zoster on the head and neck region shows various complications and we should follow its course cautiously.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Clinical, pathologic, and therapeutic considerations; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) has been described as a rare disease. Localized swelling (usually of the lips) with noncaseating epitheloid granuloma is necessary for diagnosis. We report 11 patients with biopsy- proven MRS. Mean age was 28 years (range 12-47 years). Mean duration of lesions was 4.4 years. Lip biopsy confirmed typical sarcoid-like granuloma. Five additional patients with typical symptoms are awaiting or refused lip biopsy. Clinically all patients presented with localized swelling of the lips. Treatment with clofazimine (100 mg 4 times weekly for 3-11 months) was associated with complete remission in 5/10 patients and clinical improvement in 3/10 patients with moderate constant swelling. Two patients (one severe and one moderate swelling) failed to respond to treatment. Rebiopsy in four patients confirmed improvement with disappearance or decreased granulomatous inflammation in 3/4. Complete spontaneous remission was also seen in three untreated patients. We conclude MRS is not uncommon, clofazimine may be effective treatment in moderate lesions and spontaneous remissions can occur.
Acetazolamide improves action myoclonus in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; The myoclonus of two patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome was only partially controlled under treatment with clonazepam, sodium valproate, primidone, and piracetam. Acetazolamide (200 mg daily) was added to these drugs, resulting in a dramatic improvement. Placebo substitution (one patient) and withdrawal of acetazolamide in the other patient resulted in marked aggravation of the myoclonus. The mechanism of action of acetazolamide in myoclonus is unknown. Acetazolamide may be an additional therapeutic possibility for patients with severe action myoclonus.
Eyelid reanimation for the treatment of paralytic lagophthalmos: Historical perspectives and current applications of the gold weight implant; Gold weight implants have been used for over 30 years in the setting of eyelid rehabilitation following facial nerve paralysis; however, there has been a renewed interest by ophthalmologists in this reanimation technique in recent years. This article reviews the history of gold weight eyelid implantation and presents the results of gold weight eyelid implantation over a 15-month period in 23 patients. A 92% success rate was obtained (average follow-up, 12 months). Surgical technique and indications are discussed along with postoperative complications.
Geniculate ganglion: Anatomic study with surgical implications; The geniculate ganglion and adjacent segments of the facial nerve were dissected in 11 human temporal bones to study the extent and distribution of ganglion cells. A histologic basis for the use of geniculate ganglionectomy as the treatment for geniculate neuralgia was sought. In 9 of 11 specimens (81.8%), the ganglion cell bodies appeared to be aggregated at the apex of the genu close to the origin of the greater superficial petrosal nerve. The mean ratio of the width of the ganglion cell cluster to the width of the facial nerve trunk at the level of the genu was 0.4. In two specimens, significant anatomic variation was present. One specimen showed extension of cell bodies into the labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve; another specimen showed a single ganglion cell in the region of the genu. These findings lead us to postulate that geniculate ganglionectomy may be ineffective as the sole treatment for certain cases of geniculate neuralgia, and that nervus intermedius section may also be required to achieve a more complete deafferentation.
Legionnaires' disease--a multifaceted syndrome; Multiorgan involvement is often seen in Legionella infections. We report two cases, with classical pneumonia complicated by facial paresis and severe kidney affection demanding haemodialysis. One patient had Legionella infection concomitantly with pneumococcal pneumonia. As the diagnosis often is not verified till weeks after onset of illness, it is concluded that the treatment should be started and maintained on clinical suspicion. Isolation of another respiratory pathogen does not exclude the possibility of Legionella infection.
Management of the paralyzed face with microneurovascular free muscle transfer; Facial paralysis is a devastating physical condition in which no single therapeutic approach consistently restores mimetic facial expression. The purpose of this article is to review the current treatment modalities for facial paralysis with particular emphasis on the indications for using free flaps to achieve facial reanimation. Primary attention is given toward rehabilitation of the lower two thirds of the face. The various neuromuscular free flaps used for facial reanimation are described and their merits and deficiencies are discussed.
The use of Gore-Tex Soft Tissue Patch to assist temporal muscle transfer in the treatment of facial nerve palsy; Temporal muscle transfer remains one of the most widely practiced procedures in dynamic correction of paralysis of facial nerves. In case of shortage of temporal muscle volume, length, and strength, some type of autogenous tissue or implant is required to achieve great stretching and excursion. Several artificial materials have been used in the past, each with its own limitations or problems. We used Gore-Tex Soft Tissue Patch to lengthen and strengthen the muscle-fascia strip. This material is very successful as an implant; it shows excellent tissue tolerance, the porous microstructure encourages tissue attachment and infiltration, and it also resists infection. As a result, reasonable suspension and restoration of orbital and oral sphincters were achieved.
Malignant parotid tumors in 110 consecutive patients: Treatment results and prognosis; The UICC 1987 classification system was used to retrospectively analyze the treatment results and prognostic factors in 110 consecutive patients. All of the patients had malignant parotid tumors which had been diagnosed and treated during the period from 1970 to 1986. Treatment consisted of surgery, radiotherapy, or a combination. Malignant mixed tumors were seen in 28% of the patients, mucoepidermoid tumors in 18%, adenoid cystic tumors in 15%, acinic tumors in 13%, undifferentiated tumors in 11%, adenocarcinomas in 10%, and other types in 5%. Ten-year corrected survival rate was 52%, and significant differences of survival were found between: 1. patients with disease stages I through IV (I: 85%; II: 69%; III: 43%; IV: 14%); 2. those with local tumor extension (34%) and without local tumor extension (79%); 3. patients with facial nerve palsy (0%) and without facial nerve palsy (57%); and 4. those with low- or intermediate-grade malignant tumors (69% combined) and those with high-grade malignant tumors (30%). After primary treatment, 45% of the patients were cured, and, additionally, 22% were salvaged after local or neck node recurrences. It is concluded that there is a good correlation between TNM classification of UICC 1987 (stage and local extension of tumor) and prognosis, and that facial nerve palsy and grade of malignancy are important prognostic factors.
Herpes zoster oticus-diagnosis and treatment.; Four cases of Herpes Zoster Oticus (HZO) with facial paralysis are presented. HZO is a Herpes Zoster viral infection of the Geniculate Ganglion of the facial nerve. It presents classically with severe otalgia, a vesicular rash in the Concha or on the Pinna of the affected ear in association with a lower motor neurone lesion of the homolateral facial nerve. There also may be labyrinthine symptoms, sensineural hearing loss and vesicular eruptions in the regions supplied by the vagus and glossopharyngeal nerves viz, hypopharynx and oropharynx as these nerves communicate with the facial nerve. Treatment consists of Acyclovir. One reference in the past refers to a clustering of the condition and its predisposition for females. Interestingly all cases presented were referred with incorrect diagnoses.
Peripheral facial palsy in childhood. Report on a retrospective series of 66 cases; The authors observed 66 cases of peripheral facial palsy (PFP) in children during a 5-year period (1986-1990). Bell's palsy (idiopathic facial paralysis) occurred in 26 children (39.3%), 1 month to 14.5 years old, with a complete recovery in 95% of the cases; a surgical decompression was carried out in 2 cases. The PFP was related to otitis in 16 cases (24.2%): acute otitis media (6), mastoitis (4), serous otitis (5), cholesteatoma (1); the treatment was medical and surgical in all cases with complete recovery in 15 cases. In 15 cases the PFP was secondary to trauma (13) or surgery (2); complete spontaneous recovery occurred in 11 cases, and partial recovery following surgical treatment in 2 cases. A viral origin was retained in 6 cases: herpes zoster (3), mumps (1), echovirus (1), herpes (1); the recovery was complete in 4 cases, partial in 2 cases. In 3 cases the PFP was related to a rare cause: lymphoma, metabolic acidosis, Melkerson-Rosenthal syndrome. Bell's palsy remains the main cause of PFP in childhood; other etiologies can be ruled out by the case history, a careful physical examination, and a limited number of laboratory and/or X-ray studies; medical treatment, in particular prednisone, does not seem to have an effect upon the rate of recovery which is spontaneously high; similarly there is no evidence that surgical decompression really modifies the rate of recovery so that the authors suggest that it should be reserved to the complete forms with no clinical and electrical evidence of recovery after 3 weeks.
Primary squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland; We reviewed all cases of possible primary squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland treated at Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minn, from 1960 through 1988. Eighteen cases of primary squamous cell carcinoma of the parotid gland were identified. We report the clinical behavior and results of treatment of these rare parotid gland neoplasms. The age of diagnosis ranged from 48 to 86 years; the majority of patients were aged 65 years or older. Half of the patients presented with an asymptomatic parotid gland mass; a painful mass occurred in 33% of patients. Facial paralysis was noted in 17%, and a neck mass was the presenting symptom in 11% of patients. All patients underwent parotidectomy, and all or part of the facial nerve was sacrificed in 66% of patients. A neck dissection was performed in 12 patients, five of whom had pathologic confirmation of neck metastasis. Adjunctive radiation therapy was performed in 55% of patients. The overall survival at 5 years was 50%. Deep fixation and facial nerve paralysis were associated with a poor prognosis. Most recurrences developed within 1 year of initial treatment. Regional recurrence was always associated with a rapid death. Our data suggest that aggressive treatment and early detection may result in a better prognosis than is commonly associated with these tumors.
Adverse reactions associated to type A botulinic toxin in blepharospasm and facial spasm; The use of type A botulinum toxin for the treatment of blepharospasm and facial spasm in widespread in our medium. For this reason, we proposed to carry out intensive monitoring of adverse reactions to this treatment, studying both those that are produced at the time of injection and those that appear within a six-month period. The pharmacist present at the time of injection collects the pertinent data and explains to the patient how to fill out a self-evaluation survey at home. The monitoring ends with a final interview when the survey is collected. Severe adverse reactions are not observed; most are local and transitory, and include ecchymosis and blepharoptosis. The treatment is not associated with important risks to the patient.
Brain abscess after esophageal dilatation for stenosis; The case is presented of a 28-year-old female with a brain abscess after esophageal dilatation for stricture, secondary to an acute necrotizing esophagitis. Other causes of brain abscess were excluded. To our knowledge this is the first documented case of brain abscess after dilatation for esophageal stricture in adult life. Some reports in the pediatric literature have been published previously.
Neurotologic considerations in the treatment of advanced clival tumors; Head and neck manifestations of advanced clival tumors result from subtle, yet progressive mass effect or direct involvement of multiple cranial nerves. Misinterpretation of clinical or radiographic findings in these patients may result in inappropriate treatment planning, increased patient morbidity, and probable tumor recurrence. Our combined experience in managing 21 patients with advanced clival tumors has shown that preoperative loss of vision, diplopia, or facial hypesthesia suggests superior parasellar disease. Facial twitching or neurotologic symptoms result from posterior central tumor growth, while inferior extension of disease leads to basal cranial nerve deficits with associated speech, voice, and swallowing dysfunctions. The purpose of this article is to correlate the complex anatomy of the clivus, brainstem, and cranial base and the various neurotologic findings associated with neoplasms in this region. Lateral skull base surgical procedures, based on preoperative clinicoradiographic assessment, will be detailed with particular emphasis on preservation of critical neurovascular structures.
Ultraviolet irradiation apparatus for disinfecting liquids of high ultraviolet absorptivities; A nozzle was used to generate freely supported totally enclosed thin liquid films, known as 'liquid bells', from suspensions of Escherichia coli in water and humic acid solutions. Disinfection was achieved by continuously recirculating the liquids to the nozzle and irradiating the bells generated with ultraviolet light. The absorptivities at 254 nm of the liquids treated ranged from 0.18 to 4.0 and after 30 min treatment E. coli viability, expressed in terms of surviving fractions, was reduced to 1.88 times 10-5 and 1.84 times 10-4 respectively.
Use of electroneuronography in monitoring facial nerve paralysis.; FNP is a disease entity seen in a variety of clinical settings. We recommend early ENoG evaluation of every total facial nerve paralysis to assess the percentage of degeneration. ENoG is an objective, permanent record with prognostic significance especially in 16% of those patients who are predicted to have a poor outcome without further intervention. In consultation with the patient a treatment plan can thus be proposed to optimize the opportunity for recovery.
Determination of trigeminal sensory evoked potentials in Bell's palsy; Trigeminal sensory evoked potentials (TSEP) were determined in Bell's palsy cases of recent onset, and the following findings were observed: 1. TSEP was recorded with an exploring electrode at C5 or C6 on the scalp on the side opposite the Bell's palsy and with a reference electrode at Fz by stimulation with a bipolar stimulating electrode at the middle point of the inside of the upper lip. A tetra-phasic (N12, P20, N29 and P41) stable normal wave pattern was achieved. 2. TSEP was evaluated from the right-left difference for each case on the basis of a decrease (by less than 50%) in amplitude and an increase (by more than 10%) in the latency. 3. Ten of 20 patients with Bell's palsy showed abnormal TSEP. 4. Attempts at evaluation of the severity, course and prognosis of facial palsy by TSEP were unsuccessful. 5. All of the patients with an antibody titer for herpes simplex virus (HSV) of less than 4-fold showed normal TSEP. 6. The majority of patients with abnormal TSEP were considered to have been suffering from HSV infection. 7. Some patients with HSV infection showed normal TSEP. 8. Taking into consideration that patients with abnormal TSEP were infected with HSV, acyclovir was administered.
Facial palsy in the dental surgery. Case report and review.; Facial palsy is a relatively uncommon condition with a variety of causes including dental intervention. A brief history of two cases of facial palsy with dental implications is presented. The aetiology of facial palsy is reviewed and the management of such cases is discussed. The option of immediate treatment of Bell's palsy with prednisone is stressed.
Facial nerve outcome in acoustic neuroma surgery; Patients consider facial paralysis the most concerning sequelae following acoustic tumor resection. Surgical and anesthetic refinements have lowered operative mortality to allow the surgeon to focus on preserving facial nerve function. Tumor size, microsurgical technique, and intraoperative monitoring are the most important factors that define the risk of postoperative facial paralysis. A protocol for uniform surgical reporting is proposed.
Reanimation of the paralyzed face; The challenge of reconstruction in the paralyzed face is to provide symmetry both at rest and in active expression. Although functional considerations must take precedence, the patient with unilateral facial palsy faces social stigmata that are exceptionally difficult. The best reconstructions in late paralyses fall far short of natural facial expression. Conley, one of the pioneers in facial nerve rehabilitation, reflected the frustration of dealing with limited techniques: It has been assumed by many surgeons that involuntary emotional communication is through the facial nerve, but this has never been substantiated. Indeed, emotional expression may be beyond our concept of a mere physical tract. It certainly has never been totally restored by any surgical technique that attempts to rehabilitate the face. When injury to the facial nerve is established, early nerve grafting on the ipsilateral side is the best treatment. In acoustic neuroma and other intracranial operations, the only real opportunity for grafting or repair is at the time of the procedure. If the nature of the injury is uncertain, a period of 12 months is allowed to elapse before consideration of intervention, which should be started if there is no return of function at that point. Electromyography may be of assistance in assessing minimal early return; if any early return is noted, further waiting is indicated. If there is no return at 1 year, cranial nerve XII to VII crossover will preserve facial muscle tone and permit a more measured decision-making approach. Patients with multiple cranial nerves involved may be candidates for a partial hypoglossal transfer using a nerve graft, to attempt to preserve swallowing. In selected cases, cross-facial nerve grafting to the preserved facial muscles will give excellent results and obviate the need for local or distant muscle transfers. When treating established paralysis of long duration, cross-facial nerve grafting with microneurovascular muscle transfer is the best option for symmetrical movement of the face. Temporalis and masseter muscle transfers should be reserved for the patient with intercurrent medical disease or the patient who refuses additional operations or operative sites. Static slings and other related procedures should be considered adjunctive but not primary treatment in the vast majority of cases. Although there are limitations in each of the procedures described, close cooperation between the otolaryngologist, the neurosurgeon, and the plastic surgeon can provide many patients with satisfactory rehabilitation from facial paralysis.
Management of ophthalmic complications of facial nerve palsy; Six stages-supportive care (with or without tarsorrhaphy), planning for facial reanimation; lower eyelid and lateral canthal resuspension, passive upper eyelid reanimation, dynamic eyelid reanimation, and soft tissue repositioning-should be considered in the management of the ophthalmic complications of facial nerve palsies. Each stage should be considered in order, although action in each stage may not be appropriate for all patients. In addition, after appropriate consideration, two or more staged procedures may be performed at the same time. Treatment may be held at any stage in which the cornea is compensated and the patient is comfortable and happy. By employing this staged approach, the surgeon has a method of organizing therapy in a logical fashion, and the patient is offered a set of reassuring goals, which combine to make the treatment plan more effective.
Management of facial synkinesis with Clostridium botulinum toxin injection; Associated movements after facial paralysis (synkinesis), due to unphysiological co-innervation of the facial muscles, often complicates the rehabilitation of patients following facial palsy. Clostridium botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin that interferes with the release of acetylcholine from motor nerve end plates, causing skeletal muscular paralysis. This paper concentrates on its clinical use in treating synkinesis affecting orbicularis oculi function and documents the results of treatment in 4 patients. Control of synkinesis, achieved in all 4 patients, was effective within a few days and lasted for 4-6 months. 2 patients developed transient diplopia and ptosis shortly after injection. However, no lasting complications or systemic side-effects were noted. All patients reported a significant improvement in their symptoms and reinjection at 7 months was carried out successfully.
Neurologic complications of lyme disease in children: Experience in an endemic area and review of the literature; Neurologic involvement may complicate the course of Lyme disease in children. The most frequent manifestations include headache, behavioral changes, and facial nerve palsy. In contrast to adult patients with Lyme disease, painful radiculoneuropathy and peripheral neuropathy are rare.
Ultrasonography for the diagnosis of Lyme disease in cases of acute facial paralysis; Ultrasonography of the parotid gland was introduced in 1989 as part of the diagnostic protocol of every patient treated in our clinics with acute facial paralysis. Ten of 50 patients so tested were found to have unilateral nonpalpable enlarged lymph nodes in the caudal portion of the parotid gland around the stylomastoid foramen. All 10 patients were eventually diagnosed as having Lyme disease. It is suggested that in patients with acute facial paralysis, ultrasonography is an inexpensive tool to improve diagnosis of Lyme disease and may have a more useful purpose in monitoring therapy.
The surgical management of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; A triad of facial palsy, orofacial edema, and furrowed tongue constitutes an uncommon condition known as Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS). We report on 14 patients with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Two patients had facial palsy, 12 had orofacial edema, and 1 patient had a furrowed tongue. Nine patients were treated medically. Intralesional steroid therapy had a 75 percent recurrence rate. Systemic steroid therapy resulted in remission in two of three patients. Surgical excision and reconstruction were carried out in five patients with chronic lip or eyelid edema. This provided relief in all cases. The etiology, clinical presentation, and histologic features are discussed. Three illustrative cases are presented. An algorithm is provided that guides the surgeon with regard to both the medical and surgical treatment of the patient with Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome.
Animal model for ischemic facial nerve paralysis with selective vascular embolization; An experimental model that reliably and easily produces acute ischemic facial nerve paralysis would be useful for the controlled study of treatment and to improve our understanding of the pathophysiology and treatment of facial nerve palsy. Most documented models that simulate clinical facial nerve palsy cause direct damage to the nerve. We describe an experimental model for ischemic facial nerve paralysis in the cat that employs arterial block of the internal and external maxillary and posterior auricular arteries using embolizing material (Avitene). All animals develop stable acute ischemic facial nerve palsy lasting for approximately 2 months. Electromyographic study of this model revealed that the site of the lesion resulting from selective embolization may be within the temporal bone. This model has the advantages of simplicity of technique, cost-effective use of cats, and reproducibility of facial nerve palsy.
Prognostic variables in malignant epithelial tumors of the parotid; A retrospective analysis was performed on 209 patients with carcinoma of the parotid who were treated with curative intent using surgery and post- operative irradiation. The five and ten-year actuarial survival were 71% and 65%. Failure at the primary site occurred in 24%, at nodal sites in 14%, and distantly in 23%. Multivariate analysis of prognostic variables identified age greater than 60 years, involved nodes, post-surgical residual disease, and poor differentiation to be bad prognostic variables.
The incidence of infections due to Borrelia burgdorferi in isolated facial paralysies. A prospective study; Between the causes of facial paralysis, similar to Bell's palsy, recently are included those due to some family's of spirochaete (Borrelia burgdorferi) transmitted through tick-bite. These bacteria, besides the facial palsy, may produce several degrees of lymphocytic meningitis and subsequently the paralysis of the face, sometimes clumsy or recurrent. The treatment being the antibiotic drugs, never the corticoids. In the paper are explained prospectively the incidence of this disease in the AA's environment.
Surgical management of adenoid cystic carcinoma in the parotid gland; Although adenoid cystic carcinoma may be found in multiple sites in the head and neck as well as other glandular sites throughout the body, nowhere is management of the disease more controversial than in the parotid gland. Here the facial nerve is at risk from both the disease and the treatment. Seventy-five cases of adenoid cystic carcinoma of the parotid were analyzed. Patients were placed in four groups, depending on the type of parotid surgery received as definitive therapy: (1) lateral lobectomy, (2) total parotidectomy, (3) radical parotidectomy without preoperative facial weakness, and (4) radical parotidectomy with preoperative facial weakness. Patients were assessed with regard to staging of the initial lesion, the status of surgical margins, and the use of postoperative radiotherapy. The incidence of local recurrence and distant metastases were also recorded. Survival statistics are presented for each group. Though associated with facial nerve sacrifice, radical parotidectomy appears to offer clear advantages in terms of long-term disease-free survival in patients with T2 and T3 lesions. The residual facial paralysis may be rehabilitated primarily or secondarily to reduce patient morbidity. Four of 16 patients (25%) with preoperative weakness achieved 10-year survival when radical parotidectomy was used. Obtaining clear margins at the initial setting appears to offer improved survival.
Facial nerve involvement in pseudotumor cerebri.; A woman with history of bifrontal headache, vomiting and loss of vision was diagnosed as a case of pseudotumor cerebri based on clinical and MRI findings. Bilateral abducens and facial nerve palsies were detected. Pseudotumor cerebri in this patient was not associated with any other illness or related to drug therapy. Treatment was given to lower the raised intracranial pressure to which the patient responded.
Radiotherapy for pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland; A study was made of 187 patients with parotid pleomorphic adenoma treated by radiotherapy. This followed surgery but with incomplete removal or tumor spillage. In the early years of the study radiotherapy was given by radium needle implant done usually at the time of surgery, but from the late 1960s beam-directed external radiotherapy with a head shell was used most commonly. A 3-field technique or wedge pair was the standard technique. The median age was 46 with nearly half the patients (87/187) aged between 40 and 60, and the ratio of women to men was 1.4:1 (110:77). Median follow-up for all patients was 14 years. One hundred fifteen patients had radiotherapy immediately after their first operation with a recurrence rate of 0.9% (1/115). Of the 115 there were 2 cases of radionecrosis (1 major, 1 minor), 1 case of permanent facial nerve palsy, 1 Frey Syndrome (post-gustatory sweating), and 1 salivary fistula. Seventy-two patients had radiotherapy delayed until one or more recurrences had been surgically treated. Nine (12.5%) of these developed yet further recurrence after radiotherapy. There were 2 cases of radionecrosis (1 major), 4 cases of facial nerve palsy (3 of which were complete), 16 cases (22.2%) of Frey Syndrome, and 1 case of malignant change in a parotid tumor. In addition one squamous cell carcinoma developed at the site of a needle implant 25 years later. Recurrences after radiotherapy continued beyond 20 years of follow-up. Patients having unsatisfactory surgery due to spill at operation or residual tumor left behind should have radiotherapy immediately and not delayed until local recurrence occurs because of the increased morbidity and the higher incidence of yet further recurrence.
Facial paresthesias: Manifestations, origins and investigations; The causes of facial numbness are reviewed according to the clinical examination: associated to other deficits or isolated. Because the incidence of trigeminal herpes zoster is high, the early clinical picture and the treatment of this infection are detailed. Other less known symptomatic facial numbness which are usually difficult to diagnose are described because of appearance of new diseases (borrelia burgdorferi infection, AIDS), atypical syndromes (Miller Fisher, mixed connective tissue diseases, metastatic infiltration) or onset of epidemic diseases. The role of electrodiagnostic procedures, cerebrospinal fluid examination and radiologic screening by CT-scan and MRI is underscored.
Current recommendations for the treatment of Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a multisystem inflammatory disease caused by infection with Borrelia burgdorferi. Soon after the tick bite which transmits the infection, the pathognomonic skin rash erythema chronicum migrans occurs in 50 to 70% of patients, often with associated symptoms resembling a 'summer cold' or viral infection. Therapy for this stage of disease consists of 3 to 4 weeks of oral therapy. The agents currently used are: amoxicillin (500 mg 3 or 4 times daily) with or without probenecid 500 mg 3 times daily, doxycycline (100 mg twice daily), or tetracycline (500 mg 4 times daily). Longer duration therapy has never been evaluated and therefore is not currently indicated. Even patients with severe early manifestations of Lyme disease should be treated orally. Later features of Lyme disease include carditis and neurological disease, which can occur days to approximately 9 months after the onset of illness, and arthritis and neurological disease which can occur weeks to years after the onset of the illness. Treatment at this stage is with 2 to 3 weeks of intravenous antibiotics, currently cefotaxime (3 g every 12 hours), ceftriaxone (1 g every 12 hours or 2 g every day) and benzylpenicillin (14 g in divided doses). There is no evidence that longer duration therapy is indicated or more efficacious. The exception to this suggestion is the patient with isolated facial seventh cranial nerve palsy; if such a patient has no other signs or symptoms to suggest Lyme disease and has normal spinal fluid, oral therapy is usually sufficient, although some physicians will give concomitant corticosteroids to hasten the resolution of the palsy. Of major consequence to the practitioner and patient is the possibility that persistent symptoms (e.g. fibromyalgia) may be caused by a process which is no longer antibiotic-sensitive. Special care in the management of so-called 'chronic Lyme disease' is crucial lest the clinician prescribes prolonged or unending courses of antibiotics for such noninfectious problems.
Diagnosing Lyme disease; The incidence of Lyme disease is increasing, and the disease is spreading geographically. Prompt diagnosis requires recognition of characteristic signs and symptoms of infection with the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. In more than half of cases, erythema migrans is the earliest sign of Lyme disease. Although less frequently seen than erythema migrans, peripheral neuropathy of the seventh cranial nerve is another important sign. Tests for Lyme disease await refinement, but laboratory evaluation can be helpful when Lyme disease is suspected.
The efficacy of MR imaging in subdural empyema; MRI findings of a 14-year-old boy with subdural empyema (SE) are reported and compared with those of serial CT-scan. He was admitted with fever, headache, right hemiplegia and facial palsy. Initial enhanced CT-scan revealed a slit left lateral ventricle and a shift in the mid-line structures, but failed to detect any SE. MRI at 10 days after admission clearly demonstrated SE as an area of low intensity on T1-weigh (T1WI) and very high intensity on T2-weigh (T2WI). Post-contrast enhanced MRI (CE-MRI), using Gd-DTPA, showed a contrast enhancement in the wall of SE. However, no definite parenchymal abnormal intensity areas were detected, suggesting that the diagnosis was made sufficiently early for timely treatment and good neurological outcome. CE-MRI proved to be a more powerful and better diagnostic procedure than enhanced CT-scan, and was very useful in determining the state and development of the disease.
Magnetic facial nerve stimulation in Bell's palsy; The transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) technique makes it possible to stimulate the intracranial part of the facial nerve. In a total of 51 patients with acute Bell's palsy, TMS was performed, and the responses were compared with those elicited by conventional extracranial electric stimulation (EES). Clinical recovery was evaluated at 258-539, mean 410, days fromthe beginning of the palsy. With both techniques the motor evoked potentials (MEPs) could always be elicited on the healthy side, the mean latency being 4.7 ms with TMS and 3.7 ms with EES. In the acute phase, TMS elicited MEPs on the paralyzed side in 47% of the patients, and EES in 98%. The patients with TMS elicitable MEPs during the first 4 days of the palsy had significantly better recovery than those without response (p < 0.05). The difference in recovery between patients with or without elicitable TMS responses on days 5-8 and 9-14 was not significant. In EES, the amplitude difference between the two sides within the first 4 days was not significantly (p > 0.05) different. On days 9-14 the patients with a < 80% difference between the two sides recovered significantly (p < 0.05) better than those with a difference of ≥ 80%, So, TMS may be of help in the early prognosis of Bell's palsy.
Middle fossa approach for acoustic tumor removal; The middle fossa approach is well suited for the removal of small acoustic tumors with possible hearing preservation. The most appropriate candidates have tumors with less than 5 mm extension into the cerebellopontine angle and good preoperative hearing (speech reception threshold ≤30 dB, speech discrimination score ≥70%). Measurable postoperative hearing can be preserved in 31% to 59% of patients, and normal or near normal facial function occurs in 86% to 89%. Serious postoperative complications are rare with this approach. With the advent of gadolinium-enhanced MRI, it is now possible to diagnose acoustic tumors reliably when small and before hearing has been significantly affected. The middle fossa approach provides excellent access for the removal of these small tumors.
Complications in acoustic neuroma surgery; There has been a continuous lowering of mortality and morbidity rates in the 20th century, thanks to increasing experience and newer technology. Despite this, the readership should be aware of the hazards involved in this challenging field. Complications occur, and their incidence, mechanism, management, and prevention have been outlined here so physicians performing these procedures will be better prepared to manage them. We have found that the occurrence of complications can be greatly reduced through a team approach using the combined talents of a neurotologist, neurosurgeon, and frequently an internist. It is apparent from this article that the morbidity of removing larger tumors is significantly greater than the morbidity of removing small tumors. The recent introduction of MRI to the diagnostic armamentarium of the neurotologist may permit earlier detection and a further reduction of morbidity and mortality rates. Only continued study of prevention of complications will assure the improved quality of our results for patients undergoing microsurgical removal of acoustic neuromas.
Stereotactic radiosurgery in the treatment of patients with acoustic tumors; Stereotactic radiosurgery is performed under local anesthesia, and most patients can be discharged from the hospital within 24 hours of treatment. All patients in our series returned to their preoperative level of employment or function within 5 to 7 days of treatment, and this functional level was maintained over the period of follow-up. 'Tumor control' was achieved in 96% of patients during an average follow-up of 1.7 years. Tumor shrinkage occurred in 45% of patients who had at least 1.5 years of follow-up. Useful hearing preservation rates were 50% at 6 months and 30% 1 year after treatment. New delayed facial or trigeminal neuropathy occurred in 34% and 32% of patients, respectively, with a median onset of 5 to 6 months after treatment. The vast majority of cranial neuropathies were partial at onset and tended to improve over time. Other complications included tumor growth (4%), communicating hydrocephalus (4%), and transient adjacent brain parenchymal changes best seen on T2-weighted MRI (9%). Stereotactic radiosurgery is an important alternative treatment for carefully selected patients with acoustic tumors. Indications for treatment include sufficient medical problems to pose excessive surgical risk, advanced age, the presence of bilateral acoustic tumors or contralateral deafness, recurrent tumor despite surgical resection, or refusal to undergo microsurgery. Radiosurgery is contraindicated in patients with symptomatic brain stem or cerebellar compression from a large acoustic tumor. Previous posterior fossa radiotherapy is a relative contraindication that must be considered on a patient to patient basis. Stereotactic radiosurgery should be viewed as an additional weapon in our arsenal for combating acoustic tumors rather than feared as a potential replacement for surgical excision. The strategic role of stereotactic radiosurgery in the overall treatment of patients with acoustic tumors will continue to be refined as longer-term, carefully assessed results become available.
Computerized quantitative dynamic analysis of facial motion in the paralyzed and synkinetic face; Diagnosis, treatment, prognosis, and the neurobiology of recovery of facial paralysis has been impeded by the inability to quantitate facial movement objectively. The purpose of this paper is to report our preliminary results in the study of the paralyzed face using a newly developed computerized quantitative dynamic analysis system. Five normal volunteer subjects, and 17 patients with facial paralysis or paresis, from a wide range of etiologies, were analyzed utilizing the computerized analysis system; eight of these patients had synkinesis. Raw data image-change intensity: duration curves, numeric and graphic displays of curve parameter descriptive statistics, and rank order correlation analyses showed high levels of correlation between the computerized facial motion analysis and the House- Brackmann facial nerve grading system and a clinical grading scale for synkinesis. These data suggest that it is possible to develop a computerized image-difference analysis system that approximates the human ability to access facial movement and, additionally, deliver an equal-interval continuous quantitative data scale dynamic over a spectrum of time during facial motion.
Peripheral facial palsy caused by Borrelia burgdorferi and viruses in south-western Finland; In a prospective study from 1983 through 1984, 77 patients (31 men and 46 women with a mean age of 47 ± 20 years) with peripheral facial palsy of primarily unknown etiology were investigated. Only 2 patients with acute otitis media received antibiotics. Serology of the patients was investigated on days 1 and 14. IgG and IgM antibodies against herpes simplex, varicella-zoster and cytomegalovirus were determined by enzyme immunoassay, and against Epstein-Barr virus by immunofluorescence. In a retrospective analysis, IgM, IgA and IgG antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi were determined by enzyme immunoassay. Borreliosis was diagnosed in 5 patients and varicella-zoster infection in 7. There was no statistically significant difference in recovery time between the different groups. Follow-up time for the patients with borreliosis was over 5 years. Neither meningeal symptoms nor polyneuropathy was observed in the patients with borreliosis even in the absence of antibiotic therapy.
Bilateral facial palsy caused by the Borrelia spirochete; A case of total left peripheral and partial right peripheral facial palsy caused by the Borrelia spirochete is presented. The diagnosis was confirmed by the history of the tick-bites and elevated titers of IgG in serum and cerebrospinal fluid.
Gold eyelid weights in patients with facial palsy: A patient review; Lid loading with gold weights inserted into a submuscular pocket in the upper eyelid is a useful, simple, and effective method for the treatment of lagophthalmos in patients with temporary or permanent facial nerve palsy. The incidence of complications in our series was high. The reasons for this are discussed, and methods of reducing the rate of complications are suggested.
Experiences with clofazimine treatment of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is characterized by the triad of facial paralysis, facial oedema, and lingua plicata in association with other symptoms, such as headache and mental changes. Because the origin of this syndrome is still unknown, only symptomatic treatment is possible. In 18 patients suffering from MRS, whether with a complete or with an incomplete picture, we used the antileprosy drug clofazimine for therapy. A decrease in the frequency and intensity of oedema was achieved by this therapy in 94% of patients. However, improvement persisting throughout a follow-up period of up to 3 years was seen in only 62% of patients. We demonstrate that clofazimine is an alternative to glucocorticosteroids for the treatment of MRS.
Bilateral facial paralysis: A case presentation and literature review; Bilateral facial paralysis is a diagnostic challenge, which may manifest itself as either a simultaneous or alternating form, occurring in 0.3-2.0% of patients that present with facial paralysis. The differential diagnosis of facial paralysis includes congenital, traumatic, neurologic, infectious, metabolic, neoplastic, toxic, iatrogenic and idiopathic etiologies. While idiopathic facial paralysis is the most common diagnosis, a comprehensive evaluation must be completed prior to this diagnosis in patients with bilateral facial paralysis. A representative case of simultaneous bilateral facial paralysis is presented. The literature is reviewed and discussed. A diagnostic protocol for the evaluation of bilateral facial paralysis is proposed. Bilateral facial paralysis requires a thorough evaluation and may prove to be a diagnostic dilemma.
Quantitative assessment of facial palsy by Moiré topography; It is essential to establish an objective and quantitative method for evaluating facial palsy and to measure the extent of paralysis in order to evaluate therapeutic efficacy, determine prognosis, select appropriate treatment and observe the process of recovery. This study utilized Moiré topography, which displays three-dimensional facial symmetry with high precision and is based on light interference theory, to determine the extent of facial palsy in 38 patients (20 men and 18 women) 5 months to 73 years of age. A stereoscopic lattice type Moiré camera (FM3013) was connected to a CCD camera and to the monitoring device for confirming Moiré stripes. Moiré photographs were taken with a thermal imager (FTI-200). The photos were visually and objectively evaluated on the basis of the Moiré pattern and were then input into a personal computer with a digitizer for data processing and analysis. To view the functions of facial nerve branches, five Moiré photographs were taken: at rest, wrinkling the forehead, closing the eyes lightly, blowing out the cheeks and grinning. Results indicated that the number of stripes and their polarization adequately reflected the function of individual facial nerve branches. Thus, a well-defined Moiré pattern could clarify the characteristics of the site and the degree of facial palsy and of recovery from paralysis. It is an analytical method that can be quickly applied and seems especially useful in infants and young children, in whom point-based assessment is difficult. It is possible to quantitatively evaluate facial palsy in terms of the Asymmetry Index (AI), which is 20-25% for severe paralysis, 12-19% for partial paralysis, and 5-10% for an essentially normal condition. However, the numerical value of the AI overlap in all three paralysis categories, indicating that quantitative assessment of paralysis would be difficult. Moiré topography is an excellent method of determining the extent of facial palsy, compensating for the short falls of examination-based assessment and permitting reproducible visual, objective, and quantitative evaluation.
Facial nerve paralysis and mandibular fracture; The authors describe three cases of peripheral facial nerve paralysis in patients with a mandibular fracture. In two cases, in which the onset of palsy was uncertain, the facial nerve injury was contralateral to the fractured side. Topodiagnostic tests showed neural damage at the third intrapetrosal portion and at the genicular ganglion. In one of the two patients tomography revealed a fracture line through the anterio-superior wall of the external auditory canal homolateral to the facial palsy. In the third subject palsy set in immediately after the trauma and was ipsilateral to the mandibular fracture; the facial lesion was localized at the genicular ganglion. In the first two cases, functional recovery was spontaneous (40 and 0 days after the trauma respectively). In the third subject, the nerve was decompressed surgically with a complete functional recovery two months later. The functional and clinical findings of these three cases show that a contralateral facial palsy secondary to a mandibular fracture resolves spontaneously while the traumatic displacement of the mandibular condyle may determine a temporal bone fracture sometimes followed by a lesion in the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve. An event such as the latter may delay functional recovery and thus warrant surgery such as in cases of Bell's palsy.
Cochlear implantation; Since the Israeli cochlear implant program was started in June 1989, 74 candidates have been evaluated for implantation. The main causes for hearing loss were meningitis (16 patients), aminoglycoside toxicity (9), congenital (6), viral (e.g. mumps) (6), and middle ear infection. Candidates were rejected mainly due to psychosocial factors (40%) and audiological parameters (30%). 16 postlingual deaf were implanted. In 7 of them (43.7%) the results were excellent, in 4 (25.0%) good, in 3 (18.7%) fair; 1 case is currently in a training program and 1 is a failure. There were 2 major complications: facial nerve palsy which necessitated surgical decompression, and insertion of the electrodes into the hypotympanic air cells, corrected by reoperation.
Pruritus after therapy with hydroxyethylstarch (HES) in otoneurological disorders; It is generally assumed, that a disturbance of microcirculation is the common pathogenetic endfactor in various cochleovestibular disorders of different etiology. Therefore improvement of microcirculation is an important therapeutic goal. Several studies demonstrated, that hydroxyethylstarch (HES) has better haemorheological effects than Dextran and less side effects. For this reason we have changed the therapy with Dextran since 1987 to hydroxyethylstarch in several oto-neurological disorders (as sudden hearing loss, neuronopathia vestibularis, idiopathic facial palsy). As after the therapy with HES - generally after dismission from the ENT-department - some patients complained of general pruritus, so we performed a retrospective study with a standardized interview-protocol. Of 481 treated patients we investigated 237 (49%): of 149 patients treated with HES 200/0.5, 43 patients (28.8%) complained of pruritus; from 88 patients treated with Dextran 40, only 5 patients (5.7%) reported pruritus. The difference is significant (p < 0.0001). In nearly half of the patients (more than 40%) the pruritus started in normal skin 1 to 3 weeks after the HES-therapy and lasted for 6 weeks to 6 months; the itching was very resistent to therapy (f.e. with antihistaminics). We want to draw the attention to this possible, in the literature until now quite neglected, for some patients extremely uncomfortable and socially embarrassing side effects after HES-therapy when given in relatively high doses. It is therefore suggested therapeutic recommendations should be developed to prevent this undesired side effect.
Treatment of congenital facial paralysis with crossed innervation of facial nerve and electric field stimulation; Congenital facial palsy is a devastating deformity. At present time there are no reports of the early treatment of this disorder. The treatment may be to supply contralateral auto reinnervation to the affected muscles through a sural-facial nerve graft enhanced by electric field stimulation. The purpose of this paper is to report 5 cases of congenital facial palsy treated by a crossed sural-facial nerve graft, enhanced by electric field stimulation. One year after surgery, clinical and electrodiagnostic examinations indicate appropriate reinnervation activity in all the patients.
Quantification of facial asymmetries. A method of objectifying motor impairments following facial nerve injuries; a pilot study; The aim of this study was to develop a method of objectively evaluating the results of a dynamic reconstruction of facial nerve paralysis by means of nerve transplants with a view to reinnervating a free muscle transplant. The Vicon 3 D motion analysis system was used to measure the distances and movements of marker points on the face of the patient. This objective technique permits evaluation of the operation as well as the results of treatment.
Facial palsy and infection: The unfolding story; While it is now universally accepted that Ramsay Hunt syndrome is caused by varicella-zoster virus, Bell's palsy continues to be labeled 'idiopathic.' We review the literature associating Bell's palsy with various infectious agents as well as with Kawasaki disease, a condition in which an infectious etiology is suspected. Good evidence-mostly serological-exists for an etiologic role for the herpes group of viruses, mumps virus, and rubella virus. In addition, recent evidence has focused on Bell's palsy in human immunodeficiency virus infection and Lyme borreliosis. In view of the multiplicity of implicated agents, it is likely that the immunologic response associated with infection triggers a cranial or generalized polyneuropathy culminating in facial nerve compression, degeneration, and paralysis. The mounting interest in Bell's palsy, coupled with the increasing availability of more sensitive and specific tests, is likely to augment the available evidence for an infectious etiology and to clarify the role of other, previously unsuspected infectious agents.
Herpes zoster oticus: Treatment with acyclovir; Herpes zoster oticus produces facial paralysis with a low recovery rate. Acyclovir, a specific virostatic drug, was given intravenously in five herpes zoster oticus patients, and in three of them was followed by oral therapy. In follow-ups of 1 to 24 months, one patient had grade I recovery, three patients grade II, and one grade III. These good results encourage the use of acyclovir in herpes zoster oticus patients.
Facial palsy.; Facial palsy, particularly Bell's palsy, is a common neurological problem. This article attempts to provide a practical guide to diagnosis and treatment. The causes of facial palsy are discussed according to the site of the lesion and the associated signs. The prognosis and management of Bell's palsy is reviewed in detail.
Facial palsy and chicken-pox; Ten days after chicken-pox, a 24-year old man presented with a right facial palsy without meningitis. Albumino-cytologic dissociation in CSF - not observed in two other published cases - suggests an immune-mediated process. The patient was treated by prednisone and aciclovir. The upper facial muscles remained paretic 2 months after onset.
The incorporation of acyclovir into the treatment of peripheral paralysis. A study of 45 cases; The relation between use of acyclovir and facial nerve palsy prognosis was studied. In a randomised study, steroids or steroids + acyclovir (oral doses for Bell's palsy, and intravenous doses for Ramsay Hunt's syndrome) were given to 45 patients with facial palsy. There was a significant reduction of sequelae in patients treated with acyclovir in the group of Ramsay Hunt's syndrome (n = 15) (p less than 0.05). There were no significant differences in the group of Bell's palsy (n = 30) (p greater than 0.05), treated with acyclovir compared with steroids.
The electrical excitability of the mimetic muscles in patients with a facial nerve lesion; Sixty patients with lesions of the facial nerve were examined. Electroexcitability of the mimic muscles was determined. The obtained data allow to predict the state of the function of mimic muscles and institute adequate electrostimulating therapy of corresponding intensity and duration.
Peripheral facial paralysis in Petropolis; The author presents 83 cases of "a frigore" peripheral facial palsy, occurred in the mountain city of Petropolis which has characteristics such as a tropical climate without any traces of a dry season and an average temperature of 50 degrees F to 73.5 degrees F. The author relates them with virus infections which appear within a year period. Fifty six patients belong to his clinic and have a follow up, while other 25 patients proceed from another clinics and from them he only has reports on sex, age, side of palsy and the beginning of illness. He shows that the largest number of cases occurred along the months of May, August, September and October. Season distribution for southern hemisphere is analysed. He also considers etiology, incidence, prevalence, treatment and results on patients studied.
Tuberculous otomastoiditis; A review of the 20th century English-language literature has produced a total of 320 cases of tuberculous otitis media or otomastoiditis, of which a surprising 93 cases have been reported in the 5-year period 1986-1990. Eighty-three percent of these have come from indigenous African populations. The international health and sociological implications of this development are disturbing. Three personal cases seen during the past 8 years are presented, all of whom came from the indigenous Norwegian population. The epidemiology of these cases is therefore different, which can result in a diagnostic delay due to a low index of suspicion. The historically classical signs of this disease are frequently absent.
Primary lymphoma of the temporal bone; Involvement of the temporal bone by lymphoreticular neoplasm is rare; all reported cases have been of secondary involvement. This article presents what we believe to be the first two reported cases of primary temporal bone lymphoma. The patients, an elderly man and a boy, both presented with infection of the ear, hearing loss, and facial nerve paresis. In both cases, facial paresis resolved after appropriate chemotherapeutic treatment. Patient presentation and clinical course are discussed in light of published work on temporal bone malignancy. Further investigation, including computed tomography and biopsy, should be considered for patients who present with an apparent middle ear infection unresponsive to medical therapy. The development of facial paralysis in such a patient warrants heightened suspicion of malignancy.
Treatment of idiopathic hemifacial spasm with botulinum toxin; Twelve patients with idiopathic hemifacial spasm received treatment with botulinum toxin A over a period of 18 months. Of 76 treatments given, most (94.7%) led to succesful relief of eyelid spasms and all treatments were successful for perioral and lower facial muscle spasms. An average dose of 9.3 units of toxin per session was given to produce a mean interval of relief of 10.8 weeks. Blepharoptosis was the only ocular side effect; it was mild, reversible and occurred in 2 patients. However, lower facial palsy was frequent (9 patients); it was mild to moderate in severity but only partially reversible in 8 patients. Dosage for lower facial muscles should therefore be reduced.
Peripheral facial paresis as a symptom of Borrelia burgdorferi infection; Infection with the tick-borne Borrelia burgdorferi can lead to a variety of neurologic symptoms, the most frequent being a radicular pain syndrome due to meningitis. General symptoms such as asthenia or headache are also frequent, however, and serious neurologic complications such as dementia or spastic paresis may occur. At an early stage, Borrelia infections can be easily treated with antibiotics, which makes it important to recognize the symptoms and make the correct diagnosis. A common feature of borreliosis is facial palsy, and in the article is described the case of a 14 year-old boy with borreliosis and bilateral facial palsy. The frequency of facial palsy from borreliosis is probably high. The authors discuss the indications for performing lumber puncture in patients with apparent idiopathic facial palsy (Bell's palsy).
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in HIV-1-infected children; Objective: To describe the clinical and pathologic features of two HIV-1-infected children with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML). Design: Case report. Setting: University-affiliated, public-health trust hospital. Methods: Two HIV-1-infected children with PML are described. A 13-year-old girl, presumed to be congenitally infected with HIV-1, presented with dysarthria and paresthesias of the tongue and chin that evolved rapidly to dementia, muteness and severe spastic quadriparesis. The other patient a 10-year-old boy who developed HIV-1 infection from a blood transfusion at the age of 3 years, presented with a facial palsy with subsequent development of right hemiparesis and aphasia. Results: Brain biopsy in the first child and autopsy in the second confirmed the diagnosis of PML. In both patients, the CD4 T-lymphocyte count was < 100 x 106/l at the time of neurological presentation. Conclusion: Despite seroepidemiological studies suggesting that the majority of individuals are infected with JC virus during childhood, PML is rare in children with impaired cell-mediated immunity. Our patients illustrate that PML is among the neurological complications of HIV-1 infection in children.
Severe botulism after eating home-preserved asparagus; Objective: To present a case of adult botulism acquired in Queensland. Clinical features: After eating homepreserved asparagus, a 33-year-old man presented with internal and external ophthalmoplegia, bilateral facial nerve palsies, and descending muscle weakness culminating in a sudden respiratory arrest. Electrophysiological testing demonstrated normal nerve conduction velocities and an incremental response of evoked motor potentials on repetitive stimulation, confirming the clinical diagnosis of botulism. Intervention and outcome: Treatment with trivalent antitoxin, oral treatment with vancomycin and supportive mechanical ventilation for four weeks resulted in complete clinical recovery. Plasmapheresis was also used but its contribution to the patient's improvement is dubious. Conclusions: Although botulism is rare in Australia, clinicians should be aware of the clinical presentation and the rapidity of confirmation of the diagnosis by electrophysiological testing. Patients should be nursed in an intensive care setting. Regular testing of vital capacity should be performed to determine the need for mechanical ventilation.
The development of a clinical protocol for the study of peripheral facial paralysis. A computerized database version; We present a protocol for the management and follow up of facial palsies, in which, the clinical, diagnosis and therapeutical informations are obtained in order to evaluate the clinical assessment and pathology of this cranial nerve. We also present a computerized database system in order to develop statistical analysis and further studies on this peripheral nerve lesion.
K-dependent coagulant and anticoagulant factors deficiency in late haemorrhagic disease of the newborn; Two breast-fed infants, who received regularly prophylactic administration of Vitamin K1 (2 mg per os) at birth, had shown intracranial hemorrhage during the second month of life. We evaluated, before and after administration of Vitamin K1 e.v. (1 mg/kg), both coagulant and anticoagulant (PC) levels of K-dependent factors. These factors resulted reduced before Vitamin K determining hemorrhagic symptoms.
Role of surgery in tuberculous mastoiditis; A study was undertaken in 43 patients to determine the role of surgery in tuberculous mastoiditis. Cortical mastoidectomy was performed on five patients (Group I). Incision and drainage of a post-auricular abscess, removal of sequestrum and meatoplasty in eight (Group II). Thirty patients had no ear surgery (Group III). Of the 17 patients with facial palsy, three were in Group I, two in Group II, 12 in Group III. The patients in all three groups were treated with anti-tuberculous drugs for a period of no less than six months. The average time taken for the otorrhoea to subside and granulation tissue to resolve completely was two months in all three groups. The facial nerve recovery in the non-operated ears (Group III) was 92 per cent and in the operated ears (Group I and II) 80 per cent. The conclusion is that chemotherapy is the management of choice in tuberculous mastoiditis. The only role of surgery is incision and drainage of a post-auricular abscess and removal of sequestrum if present.
Clinical application of the Siguan (Four-gate) points with case studies; This article gives a brief presentation on the Siguan (Four-gate) points, LI-4 (Hegu) and LV-3 (Taichong), bilaterally, and demonstrates their clinical application and effectiveness in four case studies.
Predicting recovery of facial nerve function following injury from a basilar skull fracture; Twenty-five patients with posttraumatic facial nerve palsy were studied. Partial recovery of function had occurred in 95% of these patients by 18 months after injury. At 5 months posttrauma, there was some recovery in 92.5% of those with a partial lesion compared with 10% of those with a complete lesion. This difference attains statistical significance. Complete recovery of nerve function had occurred by 10.5 months in 53.5% of the patients; in 62% of patients with a partial lesion, complete recovery had occurred by 4 months compared with 0% in those with a complete lesion. This difference also attains statistical significance. There was no statistically significant difference in recovery of function between patients with an immediate as opposed to a delayed onset of facial nerve palsy. It was determined that the degree of palsy had a statistically significant influence on recovery of facial nerve function, whereas the time of onset did not. The data presented support a conservative approach to these injuries and it is recommended that the possibility of surgical treatment should be entertained in patients with complete facial palsy persisting for 12 to 18 months after injury.
Association of facial paralysis with HIV positivity; Facial paralysis, although a rare complication of AIDS related complex (ARC) or AIDS, may well be the presenting symptom of HIV positivity. A case report of facial paralysis followed closely by discovery of HIV positivity is described, along with a pertinent and extensive literature review. Seroconversion to HIV-positive status should be suspected in any high-risk patient presenting with idiopathic facial paralysis. HIV testing should be included in the evaluation of Bell's palsy and other idiopathic forms of facial paralysis in the at-risk patient.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis: Clinical observation; We have reviewed 35 cases of hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis performed during the past 15 years for irreversible peripheral facial paralysis caused by surgery for acoustic neuroma. Of 27 patients who were followed more than 1 year after anastomosis, recovery of serviceable facial function was obtained in 25 (92.6%). Neural deficits secondary to transection of the hypoglossal-facial nerve were minimal or acceptable in most cases. The overall results were better in patients who underwent this procedure within 3 months after surgery for acoustic neuroma as compared with those who did so after 1 year or more. The 2 patients who underwent intracranial facial nerve reconstruction during surgery for acoustic neuroma and showed poor facial recovery have presented a challenge to our strategy in the treatment of such patients.
Efficacy of feedback training in long-standing facial nerve paresis; An efficacious treatment has not been available to patients with aberrant regeneration of the facial nerve as a result of Bell's palsy or after acoustic neuroma excision. This prospective controlled trial examines the efficacy of electromyographic feedback versus mirror feedback as treatment strategies for patients suffering from long-standing (18 months minimum) facial nerve paresis. Twenty-five patients were randomly assigned to electromyography with mirror feedback or mirror feedback alone. Seven rural patients who did not undergo treatment served as controls. At 0, 6, and 12 months, facial motor function was objectively quantified by linear measurement of facial movement, visual assessment of voluntary movement, and electrical measurement of facial nerve response to maximal stimulation. Statistically significant improvements were noted in both electromyography and mirror-feedback groups with respect to symmetry of voluntary movement (P < .03) and linear measurement of facial expression (P < .01). The positive results of this controlled trial demonstrate that feedback training in combination with a structured home rehabilitation program is a clinically efficacious treatment for patients with facial nerve paresis.
Otolaryngologic aspects of Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a systemic illness caused by the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi and transmitted by the bite of a tick in the Ixodes ricinus complex. While the illness is often associated with a characteristic rash, erythema migrans, patients may also present with a variety of complaints in the absence of the rash. The otolaryngologist may be called upon to see both groups of patients, with any number of signs and symptoms referable to the head and neck, including headache, neck pain, odynophagia, cranial nerve palsy, head and neck dysesthesia, otalgia, tinnitus, hearing loss, vertigo, temporomandibular pain, lymphadenopathy, and dysgeusia. We review our institutional experience with 266 patients with Lyme disease, 75% of whom experienced head and neck symptoms. We also summarize the diagnostic and treatment modalities for this illness.
Physiotherapy in the maldives; A general account of physiotherapy facilities in a remote Third World island republic, as viewed by a professional outsider.
Pathogenesis, diagnosis, manifestations, and treatment of Lyme disease; Progress in understanding the causation and immunopathogenesis of Lyme disease has continued in the past year. Only by studying the complex relationship between the infecting organism, Borrelia burgdorferi, and the host will improvements in therapy be possible. Physicians in the United States have evaluated large numbers of patients with late neurologic Lyme disease, and a more consistent clinical description of the North American experience is emerging. Laboratory diagnosis remains a problem. Improvements are being made in both the sensitivity and specificity of existing tests and also in the selection of appropriate patients by physicians. Both of these factors will improve predictive value.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve: where is the actual excitation site?; The site where excitation on the facial nerve to transcranial magnetic stimulation occurs was studied by recording the muscle responses of 13 patients who had facial nerve lesions at different locations, and by comparing the latencies of muscle responses to transcranial magnetic and direct electrical stimulation of the facial nerve recorded in another 5 patients undergoing posterior fossa surgery. The results of both approaches of this study led independently to the conclusion that magnetic stimulation acts within the proximal part of the facial canal. It is suggested that the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) conducts the magnetically induced stimulation currents into the labyrinthine segment of the facial canal, where the facial nerve is still surrounded by CSF for about 10 mm.
An audit of surgery for seventy-one primary parotid tumours.; Seventy-one consecutive patients who presented with lumps in the parotid gland over an eight year period (1981-1989) were analysed. Two-thirds of the patients presented with a history of swelling for over one year, while a quarter (24%) had a parotid mass for over five years at initial referral. The pathology of these masses was diverse, with pleomorphic adenoma being the commonest (64%). Superficial parotidectomy was the commonest procedure employed (50/71) with local excision being performed only in the initial part of our series (15/71). There were five cases of permanent facial palsy, four following radical resection for malignancy. Tumour recurrence rate was 2/15 (13%) in cases treated by local excision while none of the 50 patients treated by superficial parotidectomy had tumour recurrence at a mean follow-up of five years. Only three patients developed Frey's Syndrome. It is recommended that increased community awareness of early referral of a parotid mass is necessary, as surgical treatment in the form of superficial parotidectomy, which is the ideal procedure for such lumps, carries minimal morbidity when performed by a surgeon with a special interest in parotid surgery.
Eyelid surgery in facial palsy; Paralysis of the orbicularis oculi muscle is by far the most serious consequence of loss of function of the facial nerve. The severity of the resultant ocular problems is related to the degree and duration of this paralysis. The primary goal of the ophthalmologist in managing the patient with orbicularis oculi paralysis is to protect the cornea. The alleviation of epiphora, correction of paralytic ectropion, and amelioration of the resultant cosmetic deformities are secondary goals. The major factor in determining the most appropriate therapeutic approach in the management of the patient with a facial paralysis is whether the paralysis is temporary or permanent. In temporary paralysis, conservative methods of treatment are usually adequate and are well documented. In permanent orbicularis paralysis, the development of lid abnormalities is inevitable, and corrective lid procedures are required. The procedures required depend on the resultant dysfunction and degree of deformity. This study reviews 65 patients who underwent surgical treatment for the ophthalmic consequences of established and permanent facial palsy in order to evaluate the efficacy of their treatment.
Restoration of paralyzed orbicularis oculi muscle function by controlled electrical current; A canine model of facial nerve paralysis was studied to apply controlled electrical current to the peripherally denervated orbicularis oculi muscle, in the attempt to effectively restore the absent function of this denervated muscle. After unilateral facial nerve neurotmesis was performed in eight dogs, the denervated orbicularis oculi muscles of four dogs were electrically stimulated for 75 postoperative days (40 min/day). Denervated and normal orbicularis oculi muscles were electrophysiologically studied and compared with the Student t test. During the study period, minimum closure of denervated treated orbicularis oculi muscles was evoked with average stimulus strength (80-ms duration) of 1.61 + 0.22 log mA X ms, not significantly different from that of denervated nontreated or normal orbicularis oculi muscles. From days 10 through 30 only, maximum closure of denervated treated orbicularis oculi muscles was achieved with mean pulse strength (80-ms duration) of 2.37 + 0.09 log mA x ms, signif cantly lower (P <.01) than that evoking the same type of contraction from denervated nontreated muscles (80-ms duration, mean 2.83 + 0.10 log mA X ms). In addition, denervated treated muscle pulse strength eliciting maximum contraction was not significantly different from that of normal orbicularis oculi muscles during the same period. This finding was not observ,ed, however, from day 40 through the end of the study. This investigation demonstrates (I) the transient reversal of denervation changes of paralyzed orbicularis oculi muscle by daily electrical stimulation, and (2) the feasibility of restoring orbicularis oculi muscle function by controlled electrical current.
Sarcoidosis: A cause for bilateral facial palsy; The facial nerve is commonly involved in neural sarcoidosis, but there is only one reported case in which bilateral facial paralysis was the sole manifestation of sarcoidosis. We report a case of sarcoidosis presenting with bilateral facial paralysis as the only sign. The pathology, clinical presentation, pathophysiology and diagnosis of sarcoidosis has been discussed.
Neurophysiology of ischemic facial nerve paralysis in an animal model; The establishment of an animal model for facial nerve paralysis is assuming increasing importance in clinical medicine and also in basic facial nerve research. We previously reported an animal model for ischemic facial nerve paralysis using selective vascular embolization through the internal maxillary and posterior auricular arteries in cats using Avitene® which contains bovine microfibril collagen. In this paper, we determined the exact site of the lesion in established facial paralysis. A descending signal produced by direct stimulation to the contralateral motor cortex was able to elicit firing of the motor nucleus of the facial nerve, the extratemporal portion of the peripheral nerve, and the orbicularis oris muscle. After achieving complete facial nerve paralysis, this descending signal was completely abolished within the temporal bone area, whereas peripheral facial nerve stimulation elicited a normal evoked electromyogram of the orbicularis oris muscle. The present results suggest that the site of the lesion of ischemic facial nerve paralysis produced by embolization in an animal model is within the temporal portion of the seventh nerve, and this animal model may lead to the advancement of future facial nerve research which cannot be conducted in humans.
Effects of alcohol on myoclonus and somatosensory evoked potentials in dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica; Three brothers with dyssynergia cerebellaris myoclonica received alcohol to study the correlation between improvement of myoclonus and alteration in somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs). Alcohol considerably improved myoclonus for about six hours in two patients (cases 1 and 2) but had only a mild effect in one (case 3). All three patients had giant cortical SEPs. The amplitudes of median N20-P25 and P25-N35 components and tibial N30-P40 and P40-N50 components were considerably decreased after alcohol ingestion in two patients (cases 1 and 2) but unchanged or slightly decreased in one (case 3). The peak latencies of those components were not affected by alcohol. There was thus a good correlation between the suppression of myoclonus and the decrease in giant SEP amplitude.
Treatment for facial neuronitis: a new approach to Bell's palsy.; The presence of sensitive symptoms, symptoms of parasympathetic ganglion's affection, as well as signs of affection of other cranial nerves accompanying to Bell's palsy, led us to consider and treat this disorder as a symptom of motor lesion of a possible primary neuron inflammation. Although we have not found valid statistical correlations between the lesion and location patterns, we have found, however, that continues electromyographic studies, and the early treatment carried out, may be of great interest to avoid sequels. The treatment was focussed to eliminate both the possible cause and the inflammatory process, as to improve neuron regeneration. From 60 patients selected to enter this study, 91,66 percent recovered the motor function.
Free muscle transplantation for treatment of facial palsy. First experiences with the International Muscle Transplant Registry; Facial palsy is treated by many different operative procedures. In addition, factors such as the varying degree of paralysis, make postoperative comparisons difficult. The limited number of patients treated by free muscle transplantation at any one center also complicates evaluation of alternative treatments. This limitation has been overcome by development of an International Muscle Transplant Registry for collection, storage and analysis of data from different centers. As of June 1, 1988, 137 patients from 6 countries have been entered into the Registry. Significantly more USA/European patients had a congenital deficit and significantly more Japanese patients had a deficit resulting from surgery. According to a modification of the paresis scoring system proposed by Stennert et al. , USA/European patients also had a higher degree of nonsurgical facial paresis than Japanese patients. The most frequent preoperative treatment used in Japan was electrostimulation in 24% of cases, only 6% of European and American patients received this treatment. Evaluation of surgical procedures performed by the 2 groups of surgeons showed similar dimensions of muscle grafts used in the face, with a length of about 8.5 cm and a width of 3.4 cm. The extensor digitorum brevis muscle was the most popular, being used in 58% of European and American cases, whereas the Japanese choice was the gracilis muscle in 94% of cases. The length of the nerve graft used by Japanese surgeons was 6 cm, longer than that used by European and American surgeons. At this time, these preliminary data suggest evidence for paresis improvement in 79% of patients overall. Ultimately, the Registry should permit evaluation of the efficacy of different operative techniques and should influence experimental research and clinical application of muscle transplantation.
Moebius syndrome in association with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; The association between hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and multiple CNS lesions in a variety of disorders suggests a possible causative link between these clinical findings. Neural afferent input into the hypothalamus from higher CNS centers modulates GnRH secretion and derangements of these neural pathways could potentially result in diminished gonadotropin secretion and hypogonadism. This report describes a patient with multiple CNS defects secondary to Moebius syndrome and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism whose clinical features support the hypothesis that his CNS and endocrine defects may be causally associated. Comprehensive clinical evaluation in this patient revealed severe mental retardation; cranial nerve palsies; motor, reflex, and gait disturbances; and sexual infantilism secondary to hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. An MRI of the brain revealed atrophy or hypoplasia of the third cranial nerve and the olfactory gyri. Numerous syndromes including the Moebius syndrome are now described in which hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and CNS defects are associated. Detailed neuroanatomic and embryologic studies have demonstrated the important functional interrelationships between higher central nervous system centers and the hypothalamus. Taken together, these findings provide support for the causative association of multiple CNS defects and hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism.
Facial palsy with elevated protein in otherwise normal CSF in a child with Lyme disease; This is a report on an eight-year-old girl who presented with facial palsy, headache, fatigue, arthralgias and myalgias six weeks after two tick bites. Physical examination was unremarkable with the exception of a left-sided facial palsy. Laboratory investigation revealed normal complete blood count, ESR and CRP. The spinal tap showed a protein of 63 mg/dl, glucose 45 mg/dl and no cells. IFT titres to Borrelia burgdorferi in serum and CSF were significantly elevated. The diagnosis was supported by Western blot analysis. Treatment was started with ceftriaxone i.v. for a total of 14 days. Under this therapeutic regimen the patient improved substantially within five days. Investigation of CSF in patients with facial palsy may help to establish the diagnosis of Lyme disease by simultaneously measuring IFT to B. burgdorferi in serum and spinal fluid, even in cases where CSF shows little or no signs of inflammation.
The thermographic observation of the relationship between the retention of acupuncture needles and the effect of nose temperatures; This is an observation of the relationship between the retention of acupuncture needles and its effect on nose temperature in seventy-four patients with facial nerve paralysis. The patients were divided into five groups according to the period of retention of needles: no retention, retention for ten, twenty, thirty and fourty minutes. Every group consisted twenty cases. The results showed that (a) the nose temperature lowered after acupuncture immediately; (b) then it rose and reached to the maximum at twenty minutes after acupuncture, then lowered again; (c) for the group of no retention and retention for ten and twenty minutes, the temperature rose again during thirty to fourty minutes after acupuncture, for the group of retention for thirty or fourty minutes, however, without these phenomena; (d) the general tendency was that the change of temperature was bigger but lasting for shorter period in the groups of retention for longer time than that in the groups of retention for shorter time. These results verified that some theories in ancient books about the retention of acupuncture needles are scientific.
Rhinocerebral mucormycosis with peripheral facial palsy: A case report; A 60-year-old man with diabetes mellitus visited our clinic with complaints of low-grade fever, headache, left cheek pain and left periorbital edema on September 13, 1988. Left paranasal sinusitis was found. Left peripheral facial palsy started on Septempber 20. A left probe maxillotomy was performed on September 21. The specimen of maxillary mucosa was consistent with a diagnosis of mucormycosis. Sinusitis was temporarily improved by surgery and local irrigation with amphotericin B, but facial palsy persisted. Left mastoiditis was disclosed by high resolution CT on November 18. He received left frontal, ethmoidal and maxillary sinus debridement and left mastoidectomy on December 7. The vertical segment of the facial nerve was necrotic due to severe inflammation and was resected during the mastoidectomy. Hyphae of mucor were not found in the specimens of mastoid mucosa and facial nerve, but the severity of the inflammation seen in the operative and histological findings suggested that the mastoiditis and the facial neuritis might have been caused by mucormycosis. After the surgical debridement, left sinusitis and mastoiditis were controlled with 6 months of intravenous amphotericin B therapy combined with flucytosine. The authors discuss the management of peripheral facial palsy and emphasize the importance of combined surgical treatment and antifungal chemotherapy.
Embolization of an intraparotid false aneurysm of the external carotid artery: Case report; A case of posttraumatic false aneurysm of the terminal part of the main external carotid artery involving the entire parotid gland is presented. Embolization with two microcoils allowed immediate thrombosis of the false aneurysm. The lumen of the external carotid artery remained open. Facial paralysis resolved. The atypical clinical presentation and the therapeutic steps in such a case are described.
Bilateral facial nerve palsies: Groote Schuur Hospital experience; Bilateral facial nerve palsies are rare. This article details the Cape Town experience of 24 patients with this condition seen over the past 20 years and highlights the three main groups in which these bilateral facial nerve palsies occurred. These are Bell's palsy, fracture of the temporal bones and sclerosteosis. A variety of other rare causes was also found. Bell's palsy remains a diagnosis of exclusion though there has been some evidence to suggest implication of the Herpes simplex virus. The mechanism whereby temporal bone fractures cause bilateral facial nerve palsies is discussed. The clinical presentation and management of sclerosteosis is also discussed.
Horton's arteriitis temporalis in long-lasting Melkersson-Rosenthal's syndrome; The classical triad of signs in Melkersson Rosenthal's syndrome(MRS) consists of recurrent swelling of the lips and face, facial paresis,and scrotal tongue; these features are frequently accompanied by minor symptoms, including migrainous headaches. We report on a 62-years-old female patient, who had been suffering from typical, recurrent Melkersson-Rosenthal's syndrome for 39 years. 3 years ago, she developed concomitant arteriitis temporalis. We discuss the possible interrelation of these diseases.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. A case treated with clofazimine; A 63-year-old woman suffering from scrotal tongue, facial palsy and granulomatous cheilitis (Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome) is described. Treatment with clofazimine dramatically improved swelling of the lips.
Facial nerve paralysis associated with Kawasaki disease.; Kawasaki disease is a multisystem disorder with varying clinical expression. This is a report on one case of Kawasaki disease which during its clinical course developed facial nerve palsy and spontaneous recovery without specific treatment. It is hoped that this report will serve to remind physicians of the association of facial nerve paralysis with Kawasaki disease.
Malakoplakia of the temporal bone in a nine-month-old infant; A case of malakoplakia, of the temporal bone in a nine-month-old male child is reported. The lesion presented as an aural polyp, associated with a lower motor neuron facial palsy. On exploration, the granuloma was noted to involve the temporal bone, eroding the bony labyrinth. It was successfully treated with surgical debridement, and antibiotics. A review of the relevant literature is presented.
Eyelid gold weights in the management of facial palsy; We reviewed our experiences with 20 patients with established facial palsy who had a total of 24 gold weights inserted. All patients had corneal symptoms: ulceration, exposure keratitis or discomfort abolished. Functional improvement i.e. reduction of lagophthalamos and restoration of the blink reflex was good in our opinion and that of the patients in all cases. Dissatisfaction with the cosmetic result was expressed by two patients due to the prominence of the weight under the thin eyelid skin. Three patients had to have the weight replaced because it was too light. Two patients had their weights removed because of recurrent eyelid infections. In two patients the weights were removed as they had migrated over the tarsal rim. In one of these patients the weight was replaced immediately in the appropriate position, in the other it was not replaced as dissatisfaction had been expressed due to the bulky appearance of the weight under the eyelid skin.
Medical management of idiopathic (Bell's) palsy; Experience with treating more than 400 cases of Antoni's palsy, the findings of autoimmune reaction, and recent gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging reports in 'idiopathic' Bell's palsy verify the hypothesis that the disease results from a viral geniculate ganglionitis. The diagnosis no longer needs to be one of exclusion. We now are capable of establishing a positive diagnosis, permitting the clinician to initiate treatment with corticosteroids and acyclovir confidently. Facial nerve compression and electrotherapy are not advised. It is suggested that the term idiopathic Bell's palsy be replaced with Antoni's palsy as the first step in changing erroneous concepts of the past.
Stomatologic care of patients with the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; The authors describe the problems of diagnosis, treatment, prevention and dispensarization of patients suffering from Melkerson-Rosenthal's syndrome in a dental department. They describe in detail the manifestations of the syndrome in the orofacial area. Comprehensive dental care is based on studies of the pertinent literature and the authors' own experience.
Differential diagnosis of facial nerve palsy; The differential diagnosis of facial complex can be complex, but all efforts must be made to identify the cause so that appropriate treatment can be offered. This article presents a review of conditions associated with acute facial palsy and discusses the differential diagnosis of this condition. The focus is on the differentiation of other causes of acute facial palsy from the idiopathic, or Bell's type, which is a diagnosis of exclusion.
Surgical decompression of idiopathic facial palsy; There is no consensus on the cause of Bell's palsy, just as there is no proven medical therapy. Disregarding the numerous theoretic causes, preponderant anatomic, electrophysiologic, radiologic, clinical, and pathologic evidence supports entrapment at the medical foramen of the fallopian canal as a final common pathway resulting in facial nerve ischemia and degeneration. Middle cranial fossa decompression of the meatal foramen may benefit those patients most severely affected with Bell's palsy.
Rehabilitation of the paralyzed face; Rehabilitation for facial paralysis is a highly individualized task that relies on a complex set of physical, physiologic, social, and emotional factors. A wide range of surgical techniques exist for establishing partial rehabilitation of facial expression and motion. The facial surgeon must analyze these factors and work with the patient in a realistic approach to the problem.
Persistent reaction in paucibacillary leprosy: Case reports; Three patients of histopathologically confirmed borderline-tuberculoid leprosy showing no acid-fast bacilli and with lesions confined to the face, 2 on the cheek and 1 on the forehead, were given multidrug therapy as recommended by the WHO for paucibacillary cases. Within 3 months the lesions showed signs of upgrading (or reversal) reaction which was substantiated by histopathology. In 1 patient the facial nerve was affected leading to facial palsy. The lymphocyte transformation test did not show a significant rise. All 3 patients were given oral prednisolone for periods varying between 5 and 7 months, but the response was poor except in 1 patient in whom the facial palsy responded favourably. Injections of sodium antimony gluconate tried in 1 patient after stoppage of steroids did not control the reaction. After 18 months of regular follow-up during therapy, the cutaneous reaction in the patient with facial nerve involvement subsided leaving significant atrophy. However, in the other 2 patients the skin lesion persisted with clinical and histopathological evidence of upgrading reaction. The reasons for the unnatural persistence of reaction in these patients is not clear.
Bulbar and pseudobulbar palsy complicating therapy with high-dose cytosine arabinoside in children with leukemia; Three of 38 children given high-dose cytosine arabinoside therapy developed a previously undescribed complication. Neurological problems are a frequent occurrence in patients given this therapy, particularly cerebellar ataxia, but the development of bulbar and pseudobulbar palsy has not been reported. In two of these cases, it was sufficiently marked for the course of treatment to be curtailed and occurred at a relatively low cumulative dose of the drug. Neurotoxicity can occur at any time using high-dose cytosine therapy.
Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome. Presentation of a case; This a case report of a 24 year old black woman who referred to her physician recurrent episodes of inferior lip enlargement for a period of two years. Remission periods were incomplete, unrelated to any apparent cause and plicate tongue. No improvement was seen with medication, including the use of steroids. Complementary exams were negative except the biopsy which reported granulomatous cheilitis. We conclude that the Melkersson Rosenthal Syndrome must be considered when confronted with a patient who suffers from lip enlargement and pleated tongue, with or without neurological alterations as for example, facial paralysis.
Results of a national survey on the treatment of the facial nerve in malignant tumors of the parotid gland; The rare diagnosis of parotid malignant tumors, the different clinico-biological behavior of each histological type and the lack of agreement concerning surgical procedures to be followed in treating the facial nerve led the Authors to carry out a national survey on malignant parotid tumors and their treatment. A questionnaire concerning problems inherent to facial nerve treatment in malignant tumors of the parotid gland was sent to 69 ENT Departments. Data on 139 patients (69 females and 70 males, mean age--59.9 years) were collected for this study. Facial nerve function deficits occurred in 25.9% of the patients, primarily in cases of adenoid cystic carcinoma, adenocarcinoma and undifferentiated carcinoma. Clinical findings were not a good guide in choosing the best surgical procedure to be used with the VII nerve. In fact, in 17% of the cases with no facial deficit, a neural infiltration was found intraoperatively. Total parotidectomy with facial nerve sacrifice (PTST or PTSP) was performed in 87.6% of the patients with complete facial deficit and in 80% of the patients with partial deficit. A more conservative approach was followed when the facial nerve was compressed but not infiltrated. Only 71.7% of the patients with facial nerve infiltration underwent post-operative radiotherapy, a fact which is probably explained by the few departments of radiotherapy in existence. While the functional results reported in Literature are good, facial nerve repairs were carried out in this study in only 9% of the cases. The present study, which supplies interesting data on the treatment of the facial nerve in parotid gland malignant tumors, confirms the need of a multidisciplinary approach and a more frequent use of neural repair techniques in order to preserve the aesthetic and functional aspects of the facial nerve.
Histomorphometric studies in patients with facial palsy treated by functional muscle transplantation: New aspects for the surgical concept; Whenever it was possible, muscle and nerve biopsies were performed in patients with irreversible, unilateral facial palsy treated by cross-face nerve grafting and free gracilis muscle transplantation with microneurovascular anastomoses. Planimetric analyses of cross-sections showed the following, to some extent, surprising, results: (1) Independent of the final functional result, approximately the same number of regenerated, thin nerve fibers (100-200) were found in the distal end of the cross-face nerve graft at the time of muscle transplantation. These are approximately 20% of the nerve fibers counted in the branches of the facial nerve at the healthy side used for reinnervation. (2) There is no correlation between the number or diameter of the nerve fibers in the distal end of the cross-face nerve graft and the functional recovery of the transplanted muscle, but there is good correlation between the morphology of the fibers of the muscle graft and the functional result. (3) Different portions of slow-contracting and fast-contracting muscle fibers in the reinnervated muscle grafts showed the strong influence of the quality of the nerve used for the crossover innervation. If a facial nerve branch innervating the slow buccinator muscle was used, the originally fast gracilis muscle was transformed to a slow muscle by this kind of reinnervation. These important findings are the basis of a new view of surgery in the treatment of irreversible facial palsy by functional free-muscle transplantation.
Benign parotid tumors: A 24-year experience; The medical records of 125 patients benign parotid neoplasms surgically treated over a 24-year period were retrospectively reviewed; 128 tumors were excised. These included 90 pleomorphic adenomas, 33 Warthin's tumors, 3 benign lymphoepitheliomas, and 2 oncocytomas. The surgical procedures consisted of 2 local excisions, 6 enucleations, 88 superficial parotidectomies, 13 subtotal parotidectomies, and 3 radical parotidectomies. The morbidity rate was 49%. There was one total permanent facial nerve paralysis (0.7%), four (3%) partial permanent facial nerve paralysis, five (5%) transient total facial nerve paralysis, and 32 (25%) partial transient facial nerve paralysis. After a median follow-up of 84 months, there was one recurrence (0.7%). A superficial parotidectomy is the minimum procedure that should be performed for the treatment of a benign parotid neoplasm.
Kinesio therapy in maxillofacial practice; The importance taken on by Maxillo-Facial kinesitherapy and the constant increase of its application possibilities have led to increased mention of this new treatment. Its efficacy is obvious, it should no longer be ignored by physicians, surgeons and specialists in the oro-cervico-facial field. Hardly explored twenty years ago, this field today constitutes a new discipline. The patients should now to benefit from this therapy, in order to ensure a total recovery of their functions following a traumatising pathology or the onset of a TMJ syndrome.
Clinical observations on acupuncture treatment of peripheral facial paralysis aided by infra-red thermography--a preliminary report.; We have carried out clinical observations on 34 patients with peripheral facial paralysis treated by acupuncture therapy prescribed according to selection of treatment regimen on the basis of facial thermogram and temperature. A comparison was made with a control group of 97 patients who received conventional acupuncture therapy only. It was found that 1) The cure rate in the group of selecting acupoints by thermogram (hereinafter referred to as the thermography--aided treatment group) was 67.65%, with a marked improvement rate of 26.40%; while the cure rate of the conventional acupuncture treatment group (hereinafter called the conventional treatment group) was 46.39%, the marked improvement rate being 29.90%, indicating a significant difference in therapeutic efficacy between the two groups (P less than 0.02). 2) The average duration of acupuncture therapy for the thermography aided treatment group was 6.02 weeks, whereas that for the conventional treatment group, 24 weeks. There was also a significant difference between the two groups (P less than 0.01). And 3) During the entire therapeutic course, 25.2 sessions of treatment were given on the average in the thermography--aided treatment group, and 78.8 sessions in the conventional treatment group, showing a very significant difference (P less than 0.001). The present thermography--aided method exhibits advantages over the conventional one in enhancing the cure rate and shortening the duration of treatment, which is worthy to be popularized in clinical practice. And it is also of certain significance in standardization and scientification of acupuncture therapy.
Clinical and experimental studies on the treatment of severe facioplegia with compressing drug, acupuncture and infrared rays; In 160 patients with severe facioplegia detected by the strength-duration curve, partial or complete reaction of degeneration of the facial nerve and its related muscles occurred in 158 patients and no reaction of degeneration in 2 patients. All the patients were arbitrarily divided into 2 groups. One group of 62 patients was treated with the regimen 1: Mianmasan adding acupuncture and the other of 98 patients with the regimen 2: modified Mianmasan adding acupuncture and red lighting. The treatment concretely was an application method by dusting the Mianmasan, over the scarified skin corresponding to the selected acupoints and motor points, and finally stick a piece of adhesive plaster on them. The clinical experiment was carried out by using double contrast method, i.e., autogenous and allogenic contrasts with ear pulse wave and skin temperature records. It was confirmed that the affected side of the face had chronic tissue ischemia and returned to normal after treatment. The results showed that among 160 treated patients, 70(43.8%) were cured, 46 (28.7%) markedly improved, 43 (26.9%) improved and 1 (0.6%) remained ineffective. By the statistical analysis, it was demonstrated that the curative effect of regimen 2 was superior to that of regimen 1 (P less than 0.01), and the effective rate in the patients with partial reaction of degeneration was higher than that in those with complete reactcon of degeneration (P less than 0.05).
Hemiparesis and ischemic changes of the white matter after intrathecal therapy for children with acute lymphocytic leukemia; Three children with acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL) developed delayed-onset transient hemiparesis and facial palsy after intrathecal (IT) administration of methotrexate (MTX) alone or as part of triple intrathecal chemotherapy for central nervous system (CNS) prophylaxis. The hemiparesis developed 10 to 14 days after IT therapy. Two of three children also experienced transient, profound expressive dysarthria. These episodes occurred during maintenance treatment after multiple IT administrations and without previous CNS toxicity. Two of three children received intermediate-dose MTX, 1 g/m2, not less than 5 weeks before events. These patients had not received cranial irradiation and had no evidence of CNS leukemia before or after these episodes. Ischemic changes on computerized tomographic scan or magnetic resonance imaging studies were documented in all three cases. Such changes are unusual manifestations of neurotoxicity in children after intrathecal therapy.
Early stellate ganglion block failed to prevent progress of facial nerve palsy in a patient with Ramsey-Hunt syndrome - A case report; A 73-year-old man complained pain on his right ear with vesicular lesion for three days. He complained no weakness of facial musculatures, but muscle test revealed slight weakness in orbital and oral muscles on admission. His hearing acuity of the left ear was intact. Vertigo with spontaneous nystagmus to left was complained. The patient was treated with stellate ganglion block four times a day, prednisolone 80 mg a day p.o. and acyclovir i.v.. Mannitol solution 300 ml a day for eight days was given i.v. to reduce edema and to protect facial nerve. On his 3rd hospital day, his paralysis progressed and he could not close his eye or whistle with his mouth. Evoked myogram showed 91% impairment of the nerve. During recovery period there was discrepancy between facial palsy score of clinical signs and degree of nerve impairment by evoked myogram. On his 12th hospital day his facial nerve score improved 9 to 12 (0 complete paralysis, 40 no paralysis) but evoked myogram showed further progress of nerve impairment from 86% to 91% (evoked wave heights were 14% and 9% of normal site respectively). The discrepancy is probably because facial palsy score reflects also neurapraxia of inflammatory nerve, and stellate ganglion block has no effect on changing course of facial nerve injury.
Middle-ear paraganglioma masquerading as traumatic facial nerve palsy; We report the case of a 52-year-old female with middle-ear paraganglioma masquerading as a traumatic facial palsy, and describe the diagnostic steps and surgical treatment by the tympanomastoid approach.
Radical intracapsular removal of acoustic neurinomas. Long-term follow-up review of 11 patients; Historically, the neurosurgical treatment of large acoustic neurinomas has developed with two principal goals: complete tumor removal and preservation of facial nerve function. A recent goal for small tumors is the preservation of hearing. Out of a personal series of 124 acoustic neurinomas treated over the past 35 years, the senior author has undertaken a radical intracapsular approach in 12 patients with large tumors (>3 cm in diameter). Surgical indications for intracapsular removal included advanced age (five cases), the patient's wish to avoid any risk of facial paralysis (six cases), contralateral facial palsy (one case), and contralateral deafness (one case). Eleven of these 12 patients were available for follow-up review. Tumor recurrence developed in two patients (18%) at 2 and 3 years postoperatively; there were no late recurrences. Four patients died of unrelated causes, 10 to 19 years after surgery. The remaining five patients have survived a mean of 12 years since surgery without recurrence (range 3 to 22 years). Facial function was preserved in nine patients (82%). The results suggest that radical intracapsular removal may be the procedure of choice under certain circumstances and may offer an alternative to focused high-energy radiation.
Selective myectomy for postparetic facial synkinesis; Synkinetic movements are secondary to facial palsy because they appear like a late sequela to spontaneously healing facial nerve injury. They are produced by an involuntary contraction of a muscle group simultaneous with contraction of other homologous muscle groups. The disorderly regeneration of severed axons is responsible for these movements. According to the Lippschitz theory, the regenerating nerve fibers sprout into the wrong peripheral branches. Between 1975 and 1986, 71 patients with facial paralysis were evaluated. Spontaneous recovery from the facial paralysis occurred in 28 of these patients; 14 (50 percent) developed synkinetic movements, and surgical treatment was sought by only 6 patients. In all patients, the lesion of the facial nerve was in the trunk, proximal to the principal ramification. The most frequent clinical finding was simultaneous activation between the orbicularis oculi and the elevators of the corner of the mouth (12 patients) or the elevators of the upper lip (2 patients). In 8 patients, in whom the slight synkinesis was not noticed by the patients, surgical correction was not necessary, but in the other 6 patients with severe aesthetic disturbances, surgical treatment for 'disconnection' of the wrong impulses was realized. I obtained this 'disconnection' through resection of the involved perioral muscle groups instead of paralysis of the orbicularis oculi. Follow-up of the 6 patients operated with the surgical treatment proposed herein for between 4 and 8 years has shown good aesthetic results without functional or aesthetic sequelae.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Course analysis of 73 patients (1968-1990); Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) represents a complex combination of clinical signs, which now exceed by far those first described by Melkersson and Rosenthal, i.e. the triad of swelling, facial palsy, and plicated tongue. Many new manifestations of this disease with its unpredictable course and still unknown etiology have been described during the last few decades. Complete review and rearrangement also of seemingly unimportant symptoms have led to an improved judgement of the disease as well as a safer diagnosis, especially in abortive forms. In our present study, we analyzed the course of all MRS patients treated in our department since 1968 and evaluated the symptoms observed during that period. We again discuss the diagnostic significance of minor criteria often not recognized during treatment.
Delayed facial nerve palsy after temporal lobectomy for epilepsy: Report of four cases and discussion of possible mechanisms; Four cases of idiopathic peripheral facial nerve palsy were documented after 110 consecutive resections of the temporal lobe for intractable epilepsy. In 3 of the 4 cases, the palsy was ipsilateral to the side of the temporal lobectomy. The onset of facial weakness was delayed 7 to 13 days after surgery (mean, 9.7 days). One patient underwent facial electroneurography, which documented 17% of normal facial motor function at the height of his weakness and the absence of the acoustic stapedius reflex. All patients were treated with prednisone (60-80 mg per day by mouth for 10-14 days, tapering off throughout the subsequent week). Facial function recovered fully in all patients within 6 to 8 weeks. Possible mechanisms are discussed, including heat and/or mechanical trauma to the facial nerve near the geniculate ganglion during resection of mesial temporal lobe structures.
Conservative treatment of Bell's palsy with steroids and dextram-pentoxiphylline combined therapy; In 1980, Stennert proposed for the treatment of Bell's palsy an infusion therapy consisting of initially high dosages of steroids in combination with low-molecular dextran and pentoxiphylline. Excellent results were reported as a consequence of administering this treatment scheme. This 'steroid-dextran' medication was modified (SD therapy) and administered in 172 cases of Bell's palsy. The results were compared with those of a group of 59 patients who had been treated with orally administered low-dose steroids in combination with vasodilators, adenosine triphosphate and vitamins. All patients with incomplete palsies recovered completely, regardless of the mode of treatment. In cases of complete palsy, 87% of patients recovered completely when treated with SD therapy. In contrast, 68% of the patients treated with orally administered steroids recovered completely.
Cranial nerve injuries following carotid endarterectomy: An analysis of 336 procedures; Cranial nerve injuries may result from carotid endarterectomy. From January 1984 to December 1987, a total of 336 carotid endarterectomies were performed at University Hospitals of Cleveland and Cleveland Veterans Administration Hospital. Forty-five cranial nerve injuries were documented (13.5%). Twenty patients (6%) had documented unilateral vocal cord paralysis, 16 (4.8%) had hypoglossal injuries, 8 (2.4%) had facial nerve paresis, and 1 (0.3%) had an injury to the spinal accessory nerve. Although most injuries were due to either retraction or edema of cranial nerves, long-term follow-up regarding recovery of function is very important. We feel that proper clinical evaluation of these patients should be routinely done preoperatively in order to document possible preexisting cranial nerve deficits. Postoperatively, if symptoms of possible cranial nerve abnormalities occur, these patients should have a thorough head and neck evaluation in order to identify possible lesions and institute further treatment to improve their quality of life.
Bilateral facial nerve paresis in eosinophilic meningitis.; A 29-year-old man presented with headache, nuchal rigidity and bilateral facial paralysis. Lumbar puncture revealed eosinophilic CSF pleocytosis. Facial diplegia was improved by supportive treatment. Thus, eosinophilic meningitis is one of the etiologies of bilateral facial nerve paresis.
Ethics and the care of persons with Bell's palsy; Much of the biotethics literature focuses on dilemmas physicians face involving life and death issues. We articulate and apply a method of bioethics that can help both in resolving such dilemmas and in the appreciation of many situations and conditions. We apply the method to a case of a person with Bell's palsy because such a condition does not involve life and death, has a low cure rate, involves poorly recognized value conflicts, involves several specialties with rival approaches to care and much uncertainty. We show the strengths of the method in the application, and recommend it as generally useful to organize the way one perceives case and attempts to resolve dilemmas.
Cat-scratch disease. Acute encephalopathy and other neurologic manifestations; Seventy-six patients with neurologic complications of cat-scratch disease are discussed. Encephalopathy occurred in 61, while 15 had either cranial or peripheral nerve involvement. The average age of the patients with encephalopathy was 10.6 years (range, 1 to 66 years), and almost twice as many males as females were affected in contrast to patients with uncomplicated cat-scratch disease, in which the ratio was almost equal. Fever was not documented in 50% of patients with encephalopathy and only 26% had temperatures higher than 30°C. Convulsions occurred in 46% and combative behavior in 40%. Lethargy with or without coma was accompanied by variable neurologic signs. Results of laboratory studies, including imaging of the central nervous system, were inconsistent and nondiagnostic. Biopsy tissue from 14 patients showed histopathologic findings compatible with cat-scratch disease. The 'English-Wear bacillus' was demonstrated by the Warthin-Starry stain in 10 of 14 skin or lymph node specimens. Of the 15 patients without encephalopathy, two children with facial nerve paresis displayed cranial nerve symptoms and/or signs, 10 patients had cat-scratch disease neuroretinitis, and three women had peripheral neuritis. All 76 patients recovered within 12 months; 78% recovered within 1 to 12 weeks. There were no neurologic sequelae. Treatment consisted of control of convulsions and supportive measures. Commonly used antibiotics administered to more than half of the patients were apparently ineffective.
Development of Bell's palsy despite treatment of post-traumatic headache by stellate ganglion block; It is a controversial issue whether or not stellate ganglion block (SGB) is an effective treatment for facial palsy. A case report is presented in which a patient with traumatic cervical syndrome developed Bell's palsy after being treated by same-side SGB, suggesting that SGB was not able to prevent development of Bell's palsy. The need for further clinical investigations on efficacy of SGB against Bell's palsy seems to be justified.
Magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve; Intracranial activation of the facial nerve is now possible with the noninvasive techniques of magnetic stimulation. Brief magnetic pulses generated by a coil overlying the parietal scalp elicit compound muscle action potentials of similar shape and amplitude and greater latency than those produced by electroneurography. Mapping studies demonstrate the compound muscle action potentials to be of constant latency and varying amplitude with changing coil location. Maximum compound muscle action potential amplitudes are obtained with the coil center located in a rectangular area superior and posterior to the ear canal. A comparison of large and small diameter coils showed them to be equally effective for painless facial nerve stimulation; however, the smaller coil allowed for a more localized field of activation. Magnetic stimulation has the potential to provide cross-the-lesion testing of facial nerve function.
Oculofacialbulbar palsy in mother and son: Review of 26 reports of familial transmission within the 'Mobius spectrum of defects'; We report a mother and son with 5th, 6th, 7th, and bulbar cranial nerve paralysis, who had two similarly affected relatives. None of them had primary skeletal defects. Twenty-six previous reports of familial cases within the heterogeneous 'Mobius spectrum of defects' were reviewed. When cranial nerve palsies were associated with a primary skeletal defect, familial transmission was not found. No recurrence was noted in 31 cases with cranial nerve palsies associated with oral abnormalities and limb defects. The term Mobius syndrome should be restricted to cases with congenital 6th and 7th nerve paralysis with skeletal defects, who have a low recurrence risk (2%). The features in an index case which may indicate a higher risk of recurrence are the absence of skeletal defects, isolated facial palsy, deafness, ophthalmoplegia, and digital contractures. A recurrence risk of 25 to 30% in these cases appears reasonable.
Unvoluntary lid closure due to aberrant regeneration after Bell's palsy and its treatment with botulinum-toxin; Unvoluntary lidclosure with movement of the mouth is not so rare in aberrant regeneration of nerve fibers after Bell's palsy. There was no therapy until now. 10 patients with this disease were treated with botulinum-toxin injections into the orbicularis muscle. For an average time of 11 weeks after injection there was a complete absence of synkinesis, followed by a time of 9 weeks of less complaints. Thus 2-3 injections might be sufficient treatment within a year. Complications worth mentioning, especially due to the reduced force of lidclosure, were not observed.
Bell's palsy: A diagnosis of exclusion; In cases of acute unilateral facial weakness, a careful and systematic evaluation is necessary to identify the cause. Idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) is a diagnosis of exclusion. It is also the most common cause of unilateral facial weakness seen by primary care physicians. The most important aspect of initial treatment is eye protection. Administration of systemic oral corticosteroids may lessen severity and duration of symptoms.
Intracranial schwannoma of the facial nerve: Report of two cases and review of the literature; Two cases of intracranial facial schwannoma growing from the labyrinthine portion of the facial nerve are reported. The clinical, pathological and diagnostic features and treatment of these rare lesions are discussed in the light of the most important literature on this topic.
Intra- and extra-capsular condyle fractures in the growth period. Therapy, clinical course, complications; 37 patients had been reviewed after surgical (n = 25) or conservative (n = 12) treatment of condylar fractures. Morphologic and functional outcomes were equal in spite of the poorer starting position of the patients that had been operated on. Injuries and complications due to the operation, such as facial nerve palsy, growth inhibition or obvious scars have never been found. Conservatively treated and operated patients alike showed a moderate limitation of opening and mediotrusion on the fracture side, and both groups showed a flattening of the protrusion path.
Neuropharmacologic Management of Hemi-inattention after Brain Injury; Hemi-inattention following brain injury poses significant clinical and functional problems for the individual undergoing rehabilitation. While clinicians hold different theoretical orientations regarding hemi-inattention, the clinical entity remains basically the same. The rehabilitation literature includes detailed descriptions of the clinical manifestations of hemi-inattention as well as its effect on activities of daily living. In addition, traditional nonpharmacologic interventions employed by rehabilitationists are well-documented. However, the efficacy of traditional modalities in improving the functional performance of individuals with hemi-inattention has not been clearly proven through research. The use of neuropharmacologic agents as a component of an interdisciplinary rehabilitation effort is receiving increased attention. This case study highlights the striking functional response of an individual with hemi-inattention to bromocriptine trials.
Primary intratemporal tumours of the facial nerve: Diagnosis and treatment; Benign primary tumours of the facial nerve are uncommon. A slowly progressive facial palsy should be considered the result of a nerve tumour until proven otherwise. Improvements in diagnostic imaging techniques of the temporal bone have increased the possibility of a correct pre-operative diagnosis but facial nerve tumours remain a frequently ignored or misdiagnosed entity as a consequence of their subtle and protean clinical manifestations. A series of 12 cases of primary facial nerve tumours is presented. The clinical features, diagnostic modalities and treatment are discussed in relation to a review of the literature.
The restoration of control in facial muscles affected by Bell's palsy; Electromyographic biofeedback and behavioral control techniques were used to treat two patients who suffered from Bell's palsy. Both patients (one case with a long history of Bell's palsy which included extensive surgery to her face, the other of more recent onset) appeared to have benefited from these procedures and also perceived themselves as having done so. It is recommended that the non-invasive techniques outlined should be tried at an early stage in this condition in order to: (1) prevent the acquisition of inappropriate behavior; (2) accelerate progress toward normal facial functioning; and (3) reduce the need for any surgical intervention.
The syndrome of Mobius sequence, peripheral neuropathy, and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism; We report on a 17-year-old Japanese boy with Mobius sequence, peripheral neuropathy, and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, the fourth such case known to us. The association of peripheral neuropathy and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in Mobius sequence seems to be more than coincidence. Pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone administration for 3 months showed the effectiveness of this treatment for this patient.
Intratemporal facial nerve lesions: Infections, trauma, and new growth; The lesions, infections, traumas, and new growths that affect the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve at all ages are examined and discussed. The facial nerve is shown to be extremely durable and capable of recovery. The management except in complete severence is conservative. Surgical intervention should be restricted in the early stages.
Bell's palsy: Ensuring the best possible outcome; Bell's palsy is thought to be an idiopathic polyneuritis and must be distinguished from other disorders that cause facial weakness. In most cases, differentiation can be accomplished on the basis of the history, physical examination, and clinical course. Routine follow-up care ensures that recovery is occurring. Electrodiagnostic testing often helps to assess prognosis. Eye care and corticosteroid therapy are recommended.
Noncardiac thoracic surgery in infancy and childhood; There have been numerous advances in the field of noncardiac thoracic surgery over the past year. We have elected to concentrate on a few selected areas rather than attempt to include everything in this very brief review.
Testosterone-induced acceleration of recovery from facial paralysis in male hamsters: Temporal requirements of hormone exposure; In this study, the temporal requirements of testosterone propionate (TP) exposure necessary for acceleration of recovery from facial paralysis to occur following facial nerve crush were examined. For each of two series of experiments, adult castrated male hamsters were subjected to crush axotomies of the facial nerve at its exit from the stylomastoid foramen. In the first experimental paradigm, one-half of the animals with facial nerve crush axotomies received subcutaneous TP capsules beginning on postoperative (PO) day 6 and continuing throughout the regeneration period, with the remainder of the animals sham implanted. The results indicate that, without the early exposure to TP, the accelerative effects of the hormone on facial nerve regeneration were abolished. In the second experimental paradigm, one-half of the animals with facial nerve crush axotomies received subcutaneous TP implants immediately after the crush surgeries and until PO day 7, with the remainder of the animals sham implanted. The results indicate that an early, discontinuous dose of TP immediately after crush surgeries was sufficient to produce a partial accelerative effect on the return of facial nerve function. It is hypothesized from these findings that there is a priming effect of TP that is exerted at the level of the neuron, temporally precedes behavioral recovery by a week or more and is critial to subsequent acceleration of recovery from facial paralysis.
Treatment of chronic facial palsy by transplantation of the neurovascularized free rectus abdominis muscle; We performed neurovascularized free rectus abdominis muscle transplantations in two patients with chronic facial palsy. In one patient, the postoperative course was uneventful, but the patient died from rupture of esophageal varices. In the other patient, both morphologic and functional results were satisfactory. Therefore, the rectus abdominis muscle is considered to be a suitable donor for muscle transplantation for the treatment of chronic facial palsy. The rectus abdominis muscle is advantageous in that (1) simultaneous operations by two teams are possible with the patient in the supine position, (2) it is supplied by long nerves and long and large vessels, (3) it is flat and consists of segments with appropriate lengths, (4) the force and distance of contraction are appropriate, and (5) the tendinous intersections are suitable for anchoring sutures.
Central nervous system involvement in patients with facial palsy due to borrelial infection; Patients with a peripheral facial palsy due to an underlying Ixodes-borne borreliosis often have cerebrospinal fluid findings indicating meningeal involvement. The aim of the present study was to identify signs of CNS involvement by means of brain-stem evoked response audiometry (BSER) in patients with a facial palsy due to borreliosis, as well as in patients with a facial palsy of unknown aetiology, Bell's palsy. Abnormalities in BSER were found to be significantly more common among the borrelial patients. Furthermore, a reversal of these abnormalities following treatment with benzyl-penicillin was found in the majority of patients with borreliosis. The results of the present study emphasize the importance of diagnosing and treating an underlying borreliosis in patients with a peripheral facial palsy.
Simultaneous 'dual system' rehabilitation in the treatment of facial paralysis; Simultaneous dual system rehabilitation of facial paralysis involves using two independent reanimation techniques to optimize facial movement in both a quantitative and qualitative manner. These techniques involve the use of nerve grafting or crossover procedures combined with a dynamic muscle transfer. A group of 37 patients who underwent five different combinations of reanimation was analyzed. The techniques were evaluated using a standard rating scheme for judging success of reanimation procedures. The combination of a masseter muscle transfer to the lower region of the face and a cable graft of the upper facial nerve division appeared to offer excellent results in terms of independent motion of the upper and lower regions of the face and good eye closure, while allowing spontaneous mimetic function in 50% of cases. The advantages and disadvantages of the other techniques are described. The clinical situations in which these techniques have advantage over single reanimation techniques are outlined.
Motility problems consistent with pseudotumor cerebri in childhood; Case presentation of a 6 1/2-year-old who presented with acute onset of gaze palsy to the left, right sixth cranial nerve palsy, skew deviation, downbeat vertical nystagmus, ptosis, and marked bilateral papilledema. Subsequently, developed a central left facial palsy and extensive work-up including magnetic resonance imaging, computerized tomography scan, several lumbar punctures; brain stem, somatosensory, and visual evoked potentials; electroencephalogram, etc...confirmed a diagnosis of idiopathic pseudotumor cerebri. Patient was placed on Diamox, and eventually obtained complete resolution of his clinical picture. Twenty-four month follow-up has shown no recurrences. Discussion of these findings in the context of pseudotumor cerebri and its evaluation will be made, and review of the literature regarding motility patterns documented in typical pseudotumor cerebri will be shown.
The comparison of changes of the facial temperature after acupuncturing point of hand and foot-yangming meridians by the thermography; With thermographic technique, We observed changes of the facial temperature after acupuncturing Hegu (L14) and Zusanli (S36) in 65 patients (103 cases in all) with facial nerve paralysis. The observation showed that the average of Hegu group was higher than that of Zusanli group. The result explained that the effect of acupuncture at points of hand-yangming meridian was bigger than that of foot-yangming meridian on the facial temperature.
Objective display on phenomena of propagated sensation along channels (PSC)--changes on the infrared thermal image channels pathway of upper extremity; This paper reported the observed results on changes of the infrared thermal image of upper extremity induced by needle "Hega" (LI 4), "Daling" (P 7) and "Neiguan" (P6) points. The results indicated that 10 out of 23 cases whose higher and middle temperature bands of upper extremity distributed along the "Dachang" (Large Intestine) channels, when they felt phenomena of propagated sensation along the "Dachang" channels induced by needle "Hegu" points. Those effects did not appear in the objects who did not feel PSC along the "Dachang" channels induced by needled points. Above results provide an objective basis for the phenomena of channels and suggest that the phenomenon of PSC is an objective fact in human body.
Objective observation on phenomena of sensation along channels (PSC) and QI reaching to affects area (QIRA)--the influence of acupuncture points on infrared thermal image of face; Thirty three patients and nine volunteers were observed. 18 out of 33 patients felt PSC and Qi reaching to face induced by needle points. The QiRA rate was 80% in patients with face diseases. During acupuncture "Hegu" (LI 4) points, most of the patients felt PSC reaching to their faces and sensed heat in face. The infrared thermal image demonstrated that the temperature of face skin increase and the hyperthermal areas coincided basically with the pathway of "Yangming" channels. Those effects were more than the effects of the other objects who didn't feel PSC or sensed Qi reaching to face induced by needle "Hegu" (LI 4) or "Daling" (P 7) Points. The difference between the two groups was statistical significant. The temperature rising responses induced by needle points were not the results of natural fluctuation. The above results indicate that the PSC and QiRA is objective existence.
Research on the acupuncture principles and meridian phenomena by means of infrared thermography.; In this study, the observation on acupuncture manner, the specificity of acupoints, maintaining needle and "MiuCi" needling, manual and electrical acupuncture, the thermal characteristics of meridians etc. were carried out in order to apply the thermography in the research of principles of acupuncture and meridian phenomena thus create a way to approach to the mechanism of acupuncture effect. Results showed a good prospect for this technique being widely used in the investigation of acupuncture and meridians and its practical significance. It's also identified that the thermography with the advantages of straight-forward, objective and simple fitted to be used in the research of acupuncture and meridians.
Facial nerve paralysis; Bell's palsy, an idiopathic facial nerve palsy, is the most common cause for acute facial nerve paralysis. Bell's palsy is not synonymous with facial nerve paralysis but is a diagnosis of exclusion for acute onset of idiopathic facial nerve paralysis. The differential diagnosis for facial nerve paralysis should be considered to correctly evaluate and give appropriate therapy in a timely fashion for the treatable causes of facial nerve paralysis. The status of facial nerve paralysis should be monitored by repeat electrical examinations, preferably ENoG. Most importantly, no one treatment is appropriate for all patients with facial nerve paralysis.
Surgical therapy of the eyelids in patients with facial paralysis; Patients with facial paralysis have a degree of lagophthalmos and paralytic ectropion. We present our experience in the surgical management of 25 consecutive patients treated for these problems. Paralytic lagophthalmos was corrected using gold weights inserted into the upper eyelid. The advantages and disadvantages of this surgical technique are reviewed. Medial canthoplasty and lateral canthoplasty were performed to rectify paralytic ectropion. Ancillary procedures included browpexy, upper-lid blepharoplasty, and temporalis sling. The results were excellent in 23 of 25 patients and good in the remaining two. After a minimum of 6 months' follow-up, there were no complications. The authors believe that the above procedures will yield consistently excellent cosmetic and functional results in patients with paralysis of the eyelids.
Grading facial nerve function: House-Brackmann versus Burres-Fisch methods; Many systems for reporting results of facial function tests have been proposed, but after five International Facial Nerve Symposia, a perfect system for reporting has yet to be developed. In 1985 the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery adopted the House-Brackmann (H-B) six-point subjective grading scale as a universal standard. This decision was based on the recommendation of the Facial Nerve Disorders Committee. The next year, 1986, Burres and Fisch proposed the Linear Measurement Index (B-F LMI) as an alternative, objective grading system. To determine the ability of each system to grade the facial function of patients with facial palsy, and the relative merits of each system, 41 patients with facial weakness and one normal patient were studied. The H-B grading system is easy to use and provides simple, concise criteria for each separate grade of facial function. The B-F LMI grading system is time-consuming and labor-intensive, and requires a complex calculation to derive a percentage value that represents facial function. The most important finding of this study was the high degree of correlation between the two systems, in spite of the fact that the H-B system is subjective and qualitative while the B-F LMI system is objective and quantitative. Until the perfect grading system is developed, the authors favor combining the H-B and B-F LMI systems as the best method available at the moment to evaluate facial function.
Facio-hypoglossal anastomosis for the treatment of facial palsy after acoustic neuroma resection; Despite current micr-neurosurgical techniques the facial nerve may be irrecoverably damaged in up to 40% of operations for large acoustic neuromas. The results of 121 facio-hypoglossal anastomoses performed since 1960 for post-operative facial palsy are reported. Patients began to recover facial function after an average of 2.5 months and at final follow-up 91% had good function (grade 2 or 3 according to Lye). The functional result was dependent on the age of the patient, those over 50 years having a poorer, but still acceptable result. The result was not critically dependent on the delay in performing the procedure; in 10 patients with non-functioning but nevertheless intact nerves, the procedure was delayed for 12-15 months to allow for spontaneous recovery, with little detriment to outcome. There was no operative mortality and only minimal morbidity from hypoglossal loss.
The multidisciplinary treatment of facial nerve paralysis; The authors report the evolution of 54 patients suffering from complete paralysis of the seventh cranial nerve. They point out the interest of a good diagnosis and a pluridisciplinary treatment including: drugs, infiltration, kinesitherapy and electrotherapy. A good repair (77%) is obtained if the treatment is early and regular. This therapy will be used according to the results of clinical and electrophysiological examinations.
Recurrent Bell's palsy in pregnancy; A case of recurrent Bell's palsy occurring in two successive pregnancies in a 37-year-old woman is presented. The causes of facial nerve paralysis of the lower motor neurone type are discussed. The rate of recurrence of Bell's palsy during pregnancy is unknown. Treatment with corticosteroids of Bell's palsy during pregnancy poses the threat of possible side effects on the fetus.
Acute hearing loss in the contralateral ear after acoustic tumor removal; Two patients suffered from acute hearing loss of the contralateral side after acoustic tumor surgery were reported. The first patient was a 42-year-old-male. He had had a right progressive hearing loss over two years and CT scan revealed a mass of 20mm in diameter in the right cerebellopontine angle. The patient noticed the contralateral hearing loss on next morning after the total removal of tumor by translabyrinthine approach. However he had no complaint of vertigo or facial palsy. An audiogram of the contralateral side just after the onset showed flat type audiogram of sensorineural hearing loss with positive recruitment. With steroid therapy for two weeks, hearing and ABR findings improved and returned to nearly normal. The second case was a 47-year-old male. The patient had chronic renal failure treated by hemodialysis. His hearing loss in the right ear had gradually decreased over two years and an acoustic tumor of 2.5cm in diameter was demonstrated by CT scan. The tumor was removed by translabyrinthine approach. Nine day after the operation, he noted total deafness in contralateral ear and vertigo. He was given steroid hormone and his hearing improved up to 68 dB. Four cases have been reported in the literature. The mechanisms of acute sensorineural hearing loss observed in these cases were discussed. The cause remained unknown, however there were some hypothesis such as the compression to the opposite brainstem, peripheral nerve or feeding vessels by tumor or brain edema after operation, and local vasospasms might be also the cause of hearing impairment.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Simultaneous palsy of facial and vestibular nerve in a child with Lyme borreliosis; We describe a boy with borreliosis characterized by lymphocytic meningitis and simultaneous palsy of facial and vestibular nerves on the left side. A mild sensoneural affection was also confirmed by brainstem evoked response audiometry. While symptoms of vestibular dysfunction quickly decreased during antibiotic treatment, facial palsy improved only slowly.
Charactgeristics of cranial nerve palsies in diabetic patients; The incidence of palsy in the third, sixth and seventh cranial nerves was studied with regard to central nervous system involvement in diabetic patients. Among 1961 diabetic patients, 19 (0.97%) demonstrated cranial nerve palsies. Nine out of these 19 patients showed facial palsy; 6 palsy of the oculomotor nerve; 2 palsy of the abducent nerve; and 3 both oculomotor and abducent nerve palsies. In contrast, only 5 out of 3841 non-diabetic patients (0.13%) had any cranial nerve palsies; all 5 were cases of facial palsy. The incidence of cranial palsies in diabetic patients was significantly higher than that in non-diabetic patients (P < 0.01). Concerning age, sex, the state of glycemic control, diabetic complications and method of treatment, there were no differences disclosed in the diabetic patients with cranial nerve palsy. The incidences of diabetic complications were compared between the patients with facial palsy and those with ophthalmoplegia. Only one out of 9 patients with facial palsy (11%) had diabetic complications, whereas 7 out of 10 patients with ophthalmoplegia (70%) demonstrated diabetic complications and the difference was significant. Thus ophthalmoplegia appears to be more closely related to diabetic metabolism while facial palsy is less strongly correlated with diabetes.
Lyme disease presenting with bilateral facial nerve palsy; Facial palsy bilateral, or recurrent, suggests a myriad of diagnostic possibilities. An 11-year-old boy is described whose diagnosis remained elusive for several months. Clinical evolution and subsequent laboratory studies confirmed that he had Lyme disease. Literature review suggests that this disorder is ubiquitous in its manifestations. The diagnosis should be remembered in unexplained neurologic disorders, particularly in cranial and peripheral neuropathies.
Contrast-enhanced MR imaging of the facial nerve in 11 patients with Bell's palsy; Contrast-enhanced MR images (at 1.5 T) were obtained in 11 patients with facial palsy. The group included five people with acute idiopathic facial (Bell's) palsy, three with chronic idiophatic facial palsy, and one each with acute facial palsy after local radiation therapy, acute facial palsy resulting from herpes zoster virus infection, and facial palsy caused by facial neuroma. Eight of the 11 patients demonstrated marked enhancement of the affected facial nerve from the labyrinthine portion through the descending canal. Three patients also demonstrated mild enhancement of the distal canalicular portion of the facial nerve, simulating small distal acoustic neuromas. No difference in the pattern of enhancement between the acute or chronic Bell's palsy patients was seen. Radiographic resolution appeared to lag behind clinical resolution. The facial neuroma appeared distinct from the other lesions as a focally enhancing mass. The enhancement pattern in the Bell's group correlated with the histopathologic features of Bell's palsy and is consistent with the viral hypothesis of the syndrome. Thin-section contrast-enhanced MR scans are recommended for individuals with atypical presentation of facial paralysis. In the proper clinical setting, contrast-enhanced MR imaging may permit a positive radiographic diagnosis of Bell's palsy, which has previously been a diagnosis of exclusion.
Delayed facial palsy following uncomplicated stapedectomy; We report six cases of partial lower motor neurone facial palsy occurring between four and ten days after uncomplicated stapedectomy. The aetiology is unclear but recovery was rapid and complete in all patients.
Contrast-enhanced MR imaging of the facial nerve in 11 patients with Bell's palsy; Contrast-enhanced MR images (at 1.5 T) were obtained in 11 patients with facial palsy. The group included five people with acute idiopathic facial (Bell's) palsy, three with chronic idiopathic facial palsy, and one each with acute facial palsy after local radiation therapy, acute facial palsy resulting from herpes zoster virus infection, and facial palsy caused by facial neuroma. Eight of the 11 patients demonstrated marked enhancement of the affected facial nerve from the labyrinthine portion through the descending canal. Three patients also demonstrated mild enhancement of the distal canalicular portion of the facial nerve, simulating small distal acoustic neuromas. No difference in the pattern of enhancement between the acute or chronic Bell's palsy patients was seen. Radiographic resolution appeared to lag behind clinical resolution. The facial neuroma appeared distinct from the other lesions as a focally enhancing mass. The enhancement pattern in the Bell's group correlated with the histopathologic features of Bell's palsy and is consistent with the viral hypothesis of the syndrome. Thin-section contrast-enhanced MR scans are recommended for individuals with atypical presentation of facial paralysis. In the proper clinical setting, contrast-enhanced MR imaging may permit a positive radiographic diagnosis of Bell's palsy, which has previously been a diagnosis of exclusion.
The place of micro-anastomosed muscle transfers in corrective surgery for permanent facial nerve paralysis; Vascularized and reinnervated transfer of a muscle from the body to the face is never a simple procedure. It is important to evaluate the pre-operative state of facial muscles. It is difficult to define the correct indications for the various surgical techniques proposed: muscle selection, selection of recipient vessels, selection of a reinnervation method, the positioning of the transferred muscle. The authors present a series of 12 cases of long standing facial paralysis for more than 3 years. Results are presented. The authors think that the ideal muscular transfer is still unknown. In principle, nothing can replace facial muscles except facial muscles. Currently, the authors prefer the latissimus dorsi flap with partial transfer. For reinnervation, the facial nerve must take the priority, while all other reinnervation technics should take second place. In all cases, great attention must be paid to the positioning of the muscle, the usefulness of conventonal palliative procedures and the continuous moral support to all of these patients.
Iatrogenic injuries of the facial nerve in the mastoid region; During the past ten years nine patients were referred to our hospital with lesions of the VIIth nerve. These lesions were inflicted during operation on account of chronic otitis media. One patient recovered after conservative treatment. Based on the EMG examination and clinical picture, eight patients were operated. In one who had an extensive lesion it did not prove possible to find the proximal stump and the patient improved after Normann-Dott's operation. In the remaining seven subjects also severe damage was involved: five times complete severing of the nerve occurred, twice partial severing and contusion, always in the mastoid portion of the VIIth nerve. The authors achieved as a rule a 50-75% restoration of function of the VIIth nerve Ballance-Duel's operation, using a graft of the n. suralis with microsuture of the epineurium and gluing of the nerve by plasma. Evaluation of late functional results was made 1-8 years after Ballance-Duel's operation. The authors recommend to reduce the risk of iatrogenic lesions of the VIIth nerve in beginners by assistance of experienced surgeons at several operations.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve: evaluation of a new method in neurophysiological study of Bell's palsy; Transcranial magnetic stimulation is a new technique used to stimulate brain areas as well as peripheral nerves in healthy, waking persons. To date this technique has appeared safe. The aim of the present study was to assess the clinical application of this method in patients with Bell's palsy. Electromyographic responses were elicited by electrical and magnetic transcranial stimulation of the facial nerve in 26 patients affected by Bell's palsy. Electrical stimulation: stimuli of 0.1 ms duration, and up to 15 V, were delivered through surface electrodes set 2.5 cm apart over the facial nerve at the stylomastoid foramen. Magnetic stimulation: the coil was placed tangent to the parieto-occipital surface of the scalp. The stimulus intensity was then increased stepwise until a supramaximal response was obtained. Recording: the focal recording electrode was placed ipsilateral to the side stimulated over the superior orbicularis oculi; the reference electrode was placed over the nasal bone. The patients were tested with two neurophysiological determinations: the first 15-30 days from the onset of the palsy; the second 30-60 days after the first. A clinical follow-up was performed six months after the second determination. The results indicate that, contrary to traditional electroneurography, transcranial magnetic stimulation is not able to supply useful neurophysiological indications in patients with Bell's palsy. Although the absence of compound muscle action potential upon stimulation of the side with the lesion did demonstrate some impediment to conduction, it did not have any prognostic value since it was also present in patients who were clinically well at the time of the second check-up.
Practical management of Bell's palsy; Bell's palsy is an acute unilateral weakness of paralysis of the face resulting from peripheral facial nerve dysfunction. While there is no readily identifiable cause, there is some recovery of function within 6 months. This article offers practical guidelines for diagnosing and treating Bell's palsy. These guidelines are based on the author's experience with 63 patients over the last 8 years. Physical examination should reveal diffuse nerve involvement, normal otoscopic findings, and no skin blebs or blisters and parotid masses. Other cranial nerve palsies may be present. Diagnostic testing should include basic audiometry if available, and computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging scanning if paralysis is present. Facial photography is recommended. Topognostic testing is not helpful because it no longer guides the surgical approach, and prognostic tests are not necessary if the face is not paralyzed. The only sufficiently sensitive test to determine the need for possible surgery is electroneurography. Eye care is critical in all but the mildest cases, and steroids may also be helpful. Surgery is rarely needed and should consist only of middle fossa total decompression; simple decompression of the tympanic and mastoid segments is seldom helpful. The natural history of the disease and the limited role of surgery provide new guidelines for practical management of Bell's palsy.
Results of management of facial palsy with microvascular free-muscle transfer; This paper reports our experience in facial reanimation using free innervated muscle transfer in 69 patients with long-term facial palsy. The majority of patients were treated in two stages with cross-facial nerve graft as the first stage and microvascular muscle transfer at the second stage. The gracilis muscle was used in 62 patients. A system of grading results has been utilized in the long-term evaluation. The overall final result was excellent or good in 51 percent of 47 patients who were available for follow-up. Although the results are not completely satisfactory, they justify the use of this approach to a difficult clinical problem. The results are improving as technical modifications to the procedure have evolved. The gracilis muscle is a reliable free transfer with internal anatomy conducive to use for reanimation of the paralyzed face. This type of transfer, in our experience, has proved superior to nonmicrosurgical methods for treatment of complete and severe incomplete facial palsy. The seventh cranial nerve is used in the innervation of the transferred muscle, the ipsilateral being preferable if availabile. The authors believe that use of the same cranial nerve is superior to methods that involve other cranial nerves, where spontaneity is often not achieved.
Current trends in the treatment of established unilateral facial palsy; A unilateral facial palsy can be considered established and therefore unlikely to recover, if a year has passed since the injury which initiated it. Fascial slings and muscle transfers have still a place in maintaining static position and preventing the mouth swinging to the animated side on smiling. They do not, however, produce a smile responsive to emotion. Crossed facial nerve grafting is rather unreliable and rarely produces a symmetrical smile. Since the mid 1970s vascularised muscle grafts have been employed to compensate for the degeneration of the paralysed facial musculature. The pectoralis minor is a particularly suitable muscle for transplantation to the face because of size and shape. Experience with these techniques and the results of the first 30 cases using this muscle are presented.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is a rare condition, classically associated with a triad of facial and/or lipid edema, fissured tongue, and relapsing facial palsy. This article offers a review of the literature and presents two cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome associated with elevated serum levels of angiotensin converting enzyme in two patients of Thai descent.
The beneficial effect of methylprednisolone in acute vestibular vertigo; To assess the efficacy of corticosteroids in acute vestibular vertigo, we randomly selected 20 patients so that half took methylprednisolone and half took placebo. Extensive neurotologic examination confirmed the diagnosis. If no significant reduction of vertigo occurred within the first 24 hours of treatment, patients were instructed to switch medications. Patients were followed up prospectively for 1 month. Of the 10 patients receiving methylprednisolone, 9 had a marked reduction of vertiginous symptoms and 1 switched to the placebo medication. Of the 10 patients receiving placebo, 3 had relief of vertiginous symptoms, while the 7 with persistent symptoms switched to methylprednisolone and had subsequent effective reduction of vertigo within 24 hours. The electronystagmogram returned to normal within 1 month in all 16 patients taking methylprednisolone, but remained abnormal in 2 of the 4 patients treated with placebo. One patient receiving methylprednisolone had a relapse of symptoms when the dosage was tapered, but symptoms again remitted when the dosage was increased to 32 mg/d. From this double-blind, prospective placebo-controlled, crossover study, we conclude that methylprednisolone is much more effective than placebo in reducing vertiginous symptoms in patients with acute vestibular vertigo.
Parotid gland enlargement in HIV infection: Clinical/imaging findings; Parotid gland enlargement with or without facial paralysis may be the presenting clinical manifestation of AIDS. Submandibular involvement may occur as well. Failure to recognize this association may lead to inappropriate or unnecessary intervention in the investigation and treatment of the salivary gland enlargement. In this paper, we discuss the role of imaging techniques in the investigation of salivary gland enlargement, and identify the specific radiologic signs found in HIV infection. Demonstration of intraparotid or submandibular gland cysts with focal intraparotid mass lesion(s) on imaging may help to differentiate parotid gland enlargement due to HIV infection from the many other causes of parotid enlargement.
Facial nerve paralysis and Kawasaki disease; A case of facial nerve paralysis in a patient with Kawasaki disease is described, and 17 cases in the literature are reviewed. A female predominance and a high rate of cardiovascular involvement were noted in patients with facial nerve paralysis and Kawasaki disease. The paralysis was self-limited, resolving without treatment in all surviving patients.
Contribution of angiography in the pre-operative evaluation of 24 jugulo-tympanic paragangliomas with otoneurologic manifestations; The contribution of carotid and vertebral angiography for surgical planning, particularly for the infratemporal approach, in 24 jugulotympanic paragangliomas with otoneurological symptoms is discussed. These symptoms included peripheral facial palsy, sensorineural hypoacusis, labyrinthine and nervous syndrome of the jugular foramen. Angiography was essential for the diagnosis of these tumors and, above all, for the rigorous evaluation of intrapetrous and apical invasion of the carotid artery, and also of extra and intradural posterior fossa extensions. Presurgical embolization, a relevant step in treatment, was based on the criterious evaluation of the angiotopographic pattern of the tumoral hypervascularization.
Aural tuberculosis; Tuberculous otitis media can present with very nonspecific clinical features. Five cases of tuberculous otitis media are reviewed over a period of 5 years. Significant clinical findings included the presence of abundant granulation tissue in mastoids with good pneumatization, cervical lymphadenopathy, profound hearing loss, facial palsy, and foci of tuberculous infection at other sites. Histologic examination of granulation tissue showed tuberculoid granulomata in all cases. The mycobacteria could be identified in two of the biopsies but not on cultures. Other conditions that give rise to tuberculoid granulomata should be searched for in cases where the mycobacteria cannot be identified. In one case, diagnosis was delayed because the operative specimen was neither histologically examined nor sent for culture. Persistent otorrhea and recurring granulomata after mastoidectomy provided other important clinical features. All cases responded well to antituberculous chemotherapy. Surgery is indicated nowadays for facial palsy, subperiosteal abscess, fistula formation, labyrinthitis, intracranial complication, or infrequency for resistant mycobacterial infection caused by the non-tuberculous mycobacteria.
Antidromically evoked facial nerve responses in guinea pigs: a basis for clinical applications in patients with facial palsy; We investigated the differences the differences in wave form in antidromically evoked facial nerve responses in guinea pigs with and without facial nerve dysfunction. The antidromic facial nerve responses were evoked with alternative stimulation of positive and negative square-wave pulses of 0.1 ms duration and recorded at the bony fallopian canal near the geniculate ganglion. One hundred responses were summed by a signal processor. The application of alternative stimulations made it possible to eliminate stimulus artifacts and to analyze precisely the waves with latencies shorter than 0.5 ms in the test animals. Normal antidromic facial nerve responses showed a triphasic wave form with two positive and one negative peaks. A blockade of the nerve between the recording and stimulating sites resulted in transformation of the wave into a monophasic one. A proximal blockade to the recording site changed the wave form to a biphasic shape. These findings suggest that the site of an intratemporal facial nerve lesion can be predicted from the wave forms evoked by antidromic facial nerve responses.
Ear, nose and throat manifestations of Lyme disease; The manifestations of Lyme disease as they may present to the ENT surgeon are discussed. The most important ENT symptom is facial palsy. Particularly when combined with other cranial palsies, systemic illness or signs of meningeal irritation, the diagnosis must be considered. Three case reports are used to illustrate the presentation and diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease. The characteristics of the disease are reviewed and the limitations of serological testing outlined. The literature has concentrated on bilateral or relapsing facial palsy. A review of palsies in Zurich that presented to the ENT clinic found only unilateral and partial palsies. The diagnosis should be considered in every case of facial palsy of unknown aetiology especially in children.
Incidence, prognosis and recovery of Bell's palsy. A survey of about 1000 patients (1974-1983); Over a 10-year period the diagnosis Bell's palsy was made in 1293 patients. The files of 1235 patients were studied; the relevant data were stored in a computer and analysed. Factors analysed included the source of referral of the patients as well as their age and sex, the time of onset of the paralysis, recurrence, side of the face, and pregnancy. The incidence of hypertension, diabetes and other diseases was evaluated. The fate of the nerve is determined to a large extent in the first week of the disease. The nerve excitability test is a reliable predictor of the final outcome. The system of classification of recovery we have used for many years is compared to the International Facial Nerve grading system. If denervation and poor recovery are to be prevented as far as possible, early examination and treatment of selected patients with prednisone is mandatory. An important factor in recovery is the age of the patient.
Preliminary study of motor evoked potential (MEP) on facial nerve palsy; Motor evoked potential (MEP) examination is a new method. Ipsilateral facial muscles are excited by magnetic stimulation over the scalp when the coil is placed on the parieto-occipital region. Using magnetic stimulator and EMG instrument (1500C4 DISA), one can measure the CMAPs from orbicularis oris and frontal muscle. In 30 normal subjects, the CMAPs were found to be similar in form but of longer latency than those obtained with electrical stimulation (ENoG). In 20 patients with facial nerve paralysis due to Bell's palsy, Hunt's syndrome or trauma, the latencies on the affected sides were apparently longer and the amplitudes much lower than those in normal ones. Our studies imply that magnetic stimulation can be used to detect facial nerve in the region inside the temporal bone which is not accessible by electrical stimulation. Using ENoG and MEP methods, the proximal facial nerve conduction can be measured somewhat quantitatively, thus one can detect conduction block or axonal degeneration early. It is important not only for the diagnosis but also for the treatment and evaluation of prognosis.
Bell's palsy: a facial nerve paralysis diagnosis of exclusion.; Bell's Palsy is not synonymous with facial nerve paralysis. While it is a common cause of facial nerve paralysis, it is a diagnosis of exclusion and other causes of facial nerve paralysis should be ruled out by appropriate evaluation and follow-up. A case report is presented of a patient with a facial nerve paralysis, which was initially diagnosed as Bell's Palsy, but which was found to be a poorly differentiated parotid malignancy causing facial nerve paralysis. A review and discussion of Bells Palsy, evaluation and treatment is presented.
Early gold weight lid implant for rehabilitation of faulty eyelid closure with facial paralysis: An alternative to tarsorrhaphy; Although tarsorrhaphy has been the mainstay of treatment for lagophthalmus associated with facial paralysis, it has many drawbacks which make it a less than ideal procedure. Gold weight implantation is a functionally and cosmetically superior alternative in many patients. Eighteen patients with both reversible and irreversible facial (eyelid) paralysis underwent early gold weight implantation for rehabilitation of faulty eyelid closure with satisfactory results. The advantages and disadvantages of this techniqe, when compared with other methods of correcting paralytic lagophthalmus, are discussed.
Peripheral facial paralysis. Experience of a multidisciplinary approach; The authors report the evolution of 54 patients suffering from complete paralysis of the seventh cranial nerve. They point out the interest of a good diagnose and a multidisciplinary treatment including: drugs, infiltration, kinesitherapy and electrotherapy. A good repair (77%) is obtained if the treatment is early and regular. This therapy will be used according the results of clinical and electrophysiological examinations.
A case of facial diplegia associated with acute bilateral otitis media; A 32-month-old toddler developed facial diplegia in association with a bout of acute bilateral otitis media. After 28 days of antibiotic therapy and placement of tympanostomy tubes, the patient demonstrated 100% symmetrical recovery. A brief discussion of the pathophysiology is included.
Pain-related somatosensory evoked potentials in cortical reflex myoclonus; To elucidate the sensitivity to pain stimuli in patients with cortical reflex myoclonus, pain-related somatosensory evoked potentials (pain SEPs) following CO2 laser stimulation and conventional electrically-stimulated SEPs (electric SEPs) were compared in four patients with cortical reflex myoclonus. The P25 peak of electric SEPs were considerably enhanced but the P320 potential of pain SEPs was of normal amplitude in all patients. After medication, myoclonus was reduced and the amplitude of P25 was decreased, but P320 showed no change. In our previous study of the scalp distribution in normal subjects, a subcortical site, probably the thalamus, was considered to be the generator source of P320. Because most pain stimuli do not reach the cortex, patients with cortical reflex myoclonus are not sensitive to pain stimuli and P320 in pain SEPs is not enhanced.
Isolation of Borrelia burgdorferi from the blood of seven patients with Lyme disease; Purpose: Borrelia burgdorferi, the etiologic agent of Lyme disease, has rarely been successfully cultured from blood. We report on seven patients from Westchester County, New York, with B. burgdorferi bacteremia diagnosed between April 1987 and August 1987. Patients and methods: One hundred thirty-two attempts to isolate spirochetes were made on blood specimens obtained from 104 patients. Twenty-two of these specimens were obtained from nine patients who had recently been bitten by Ixodes ticks but who were asymptomatic. Heparinized blood or serum specimens (0.2 to 0.4 mL) were inoculated onto 6 mL of modified Barbour-Stoenner-Kelly medium. Lyme serology was performed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent polyvalent, IgM, and IgG assays, fluorescent immunoassay, and microhemaglutination. Results: Four of the seven patients had erythema migrans, two had facial nerve palsy, and one had a flu-like syndrome without rash. These patients represented 21% (four of 19) of all patients with the characteristic skin lesion who had blood cultures for B. burgdorferi, and 40% (two of five) of all those with facial nerve palsy. Serologic testing was frequently nonreactive; two patients had no detectable antibody on multiple sera by five different assays. All patients improved with antibiotic treatment, and had negative subsequent blood cultures, but five of seven had persistent complaints after completion of therapy. Conclusion: Culturing blood for B. burgdorferi may be useful in confirming the diagnosis of Lyme disease in selected patients. Use of spirochete blood cultures may facilitate a better understanding of the pathogenesis and natural history of Lyme disease.
Neurosarcoidosis; Observation of neurosarcoidosis in a thirty-year-old black female characterised predominantly by bilateral facial nerve paralysis gave rise to a review of literature since 1978 and also to a comparison with an early study in 1963. As described 1963 the clinical picture is characterized by increased protein content of the CSF (33,8%), facial nerve paresis (25,5%), pleocytosis (23%), diabetes insipidus (21%), hemiparesis (17,2%), organic psychosis (16,9%), papilloedema (15,5%), ataxia (13%), convulsive seizures (12,5%), optic atrophy (12,5%), loss of hearing (12,2%), nystagmus (8,6%) and numerous other symptomes more rarely found. This corresponds to the symptoms of chronic basal meningitis with an infiltration in the neighbouring structures of brain and less frequently the spinal cord. In only 58,7% of the cases (presumably at the onset of sarcoidosis) was the bronchial tract (or the lungs) affected, in 11,5% the skin or the eyes. Although the clinical picture is clear enough the etiology has yet to be determined. Evidence of a pathogen or a pathogenic agent (analogous to berylliosis) has never been established to date. On the other hand there are some indications of a disturbance in the immune system, perhaps of a particular genetic foundation since sarcoidosis strikes black patients with conspicuous frequency. There exist more cases in one family. Exceeding expected random distribution, many patients have the HLA-Factor B 8 (on the chromosome 6) and DR3. The Kveim-Test was in 71 cases positive, in 12 cases negative. The possibilities of carrying out studies of CSF - analogues of the studies of bronchial lavage - in the most cases of neurosarcoidosis have not been exhausted as to determine the activity of the T-lymphocytes, the interleucines, the angiotensin-converting enzyme while the Gallium 67 scintigraphy and other methods to determine the non-specific activity of the inflammation. The efficiency of the treatment with corticosteroids (Prednison or Triamcinolonacetonid) depends on the phase of the inflammatory process. 12% of the registered cases died.
Acute otitis media and facial palsy in children; Two cases of facial palsy in connection with acute otitis media are presented. The patients were 2 months and 2 years old, respectively. In both cases the facial palsy disappeared after treatment with myringotomy and antibiotics. The etiological mechanisms behind and the different approaches to the treatment of facial palsy in children with acute otitis media are discussed.
Hemangiopericytoma as the cause of Collet-Sicard syndrome; Collet-Sicard syndrome is one of the jugular foramen syndromes in which the last four cranial nerves are involved whereas the sympathetic plexus is spared. It is very uncommon to find facial paralysis associated to this syndrome and most interestingly, a hemangiopericytoma at this location to cause all these paralyses. We have not been able to find a similar case in the literature, and thus present our case.
Primary intraocular lymphoma with lymphomatous meningitis; We report a patient with ocular lymphoma who developed bilateral seventh nerve palsies due to lymphomatous meningitis without intracerebral involvement. The palsies markedly improved after cerebral irradiation and intrathecal methotrexate. Further studies are required to determine whether repeated cerebrospinal fluid examination and prophylactic cranial and spinal radiotherapy are indicated in patients who present with the disease localized to the eye.
The value of hydroxethyl starch solution in the treatment of Bell's palsy; Nowadays an infusion therapy composed of cortisone, low-molecular dextran, and pentoxifylline is the most common treatment of Bell's palsy. During recent years it has become well known that low-molecular dextran has several severe side effects (e.g. acute renal failure). -At the ENT Department of the University of Gottingen 33 patients with Bell's palsy were treated with an infusion therapy which replaced low-molecular dextran by hydroxethyl starch. Before and after therapy pateints underwent a special diagnostic procedure for the facial nerve function consisting of - determination of the degree of paralysis and secondary defects (14) - a complete eletrophysiological examination. The patients were followed up for at least 6 months. It was found that 97% of the patients had a complete functional recovery.
Idiopathic facial paralysis. A protocol with trunco encephalic auditory evoked potentials and viral serology; The idiopathic facial is a interesting pathology of unknown etiology, with disputable treatment. The authors propose a diagnostic protocol, in search of a possible relation between this palsy and viral diseases or alteration of eight-cranial nerve conduction.
Facial paralysis caused by retroauricular basal cell carcinoma; We make a review of facial palsy of tumoral etiology, including the diagnosis, evolution and treatment. We also present a case of facial palsy caused by retroauricular basal cell carcinoma.
Peripheral facial palsy in childhood - Lyme borreliosis to be suspected unless proven otherwise; 27 consecutive cases with acute peripheral facial palsy were studied for Lyme borreliosis. In 16 out of 27 children Lyme borreliosis could be diagnosed by detection of specific IgM antibodies in CSF. CSF findings allow a clear distinction according to etiology. All children with facial palsy due to Lyme borreliosis revealed lymphocytic CSF pleocytosis, whereas in cases of unknown etiology CSF was usually normal. Bilateral facial palsy occurred only in children with Lyme borreliosis. All cases with a positive history of tick bite and/or erythema migrans in the head-neck region showed ipsilateral neurological affection suggesting a direct invasion via the affected nerve by Borrelia burgdorferi.
Facial palsy in a 2 1/2 year-old girl due to herpes zoster oticus - Shortened latency following chickenpox in the first year of life; A case of herpes zoster oticus in a 2 1/2 year-old girl with a history of varicella at the age of 4 months is reported. Peripheral facial palsy was the prominent clinical symptom. Following treatment with Acyclovir 15 mg/kg/day i.v. for 7 days a complete remission was noted. Course, treatment and prognosis of zoster oticus are discussed, as well as the increased incidence of herpes zoster in children who had varicella before the age of 1 year.
Sarcoidosis presenting with an acute Guillain-Barre syndrome; A 28 year old Caucasian male presented with an acute Guillain-Barre syndrome and bilateral facial weakness. He had an abnormal radiograph. Lumbar puncture revealed acellular fluid with a raised protein count and lung function tests showed a restrictive ventilatory defect. The patient deteriorated and required mechanical ventilation for 14 days. Steroids and plasmapheresis were not used and the patient spontaneously recovered. Two months after presentation limb power was almost normal but there was residual partial bilateral facial weakness. The chest radiograph remained abnormal and repeat lung function tests showed a persistent restrictive ventilatory defect and a reduced gas transfer coefficient. A transbronchial biopsy revealed non-caseating granulomata. The association between neurosarcoidosis and Guillain-Barre polyneuropathy is discussed and the literature reviewed.
MRI findings in two cases of acute facial paralysis; This article describes the use of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in the evaluation of the facial nerve paralysis of Bell's palsy and herpes zoster oticus. Identification of the nature of inflammatory facial nerve paralysis often presents a diagnostic dilemma. The site of involvement along the course of the nerve may have importance when treatment options are being considered. We have found MRI to be a unique method for localizing the site of nerve injury in both Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
Orofacial herpes simplex virus infections: Current concepts in the epidemiology, pathogenesis, and treatment, and disorders in which the virus may be implicated; Herpes simplex virus (HSV) is the causal agent of herpetic stomatitis, recurrent herpes labialis, and the recurrent intraoral infections seen particularly in the immunocompromised patient. HSV has also been implicated in some erythema multiforme, cranial neuropathies, Behcet's syndrome, and oral squamous carcinoma. Recent advances in understanding of HSV, epidemiology, pathogenesis, and treatment are reviewed because there have been numerous advances over the past 5 years.
Complications of acoustic tumor surgery and their management; Modern microsurgery has allowed the surgeon to remove acoustic tumors safely in the vast majority of patients. Mortality rates are less than 0.5 percent. Complications such as hearing loss and facial paralysis occur with varying frequency. Patients are well-informed about these consequences preoperatively. The treatment of total sensorineural loss still remains a challenge. Facial nerve problems following acoustic tumor surgery are diminishing, in large part due to intraoperative monitoring. A large repertoire of rehabilitative efforts enables the surgeon to help those patients who have sustained a disabling facial paralysis.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: A review of 36 patients; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an uncommon condition of uncertain pathogenesis and cause. The classic triad of signs includes recurrent orofacial edema, recurrent facial nerve palsy, and lingua plicata. We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 36 patients (24 women and 12 men) with elements of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The complete triad was present in 9 (25%) patients. Orofacial involvement was the dominant feature; it occurred in all 36 patients and was the presenting sign in 15 (42%). Lingua plicata occurred in 18 (50%) patients, and peripheral facial paralysis was present in 17 (47%). Fourteen biopsy specimens were obtained, all from the orofacial region. Eight specimens revealed the classic pathologic picture of granulomatous cheilitis. No etiologic agent was identified in any of the patients. Diagnosis is difficult when all features of the triad are not present. A conservative treatment approach is recommended.
Prognostic study of Bell's facial paralysis; A prospective study was carried out to objectively quantify the most important predictor factors in idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy). Step-wise discriminant analysis was applied to data prospectively obtained from 570 patients with Bell's palsy treated in the ENT Department of La Paz Hospital between January 1983 and January 1986. In all, 37 variables were studied in each patient. With data obtained from these variables a linear discriminant function was obtained, with an overall accuracy of 95%. The rate of correct prediction is 95.8% for patients with an expected complete facial recovery, and 90.9% for the group of patients with an expected recovery of less than 100%. The discriminant function obtained is a well adaptable method for routine practice in order to objectively assess the prognosis of patients with Bell's palsy. Prognosis is one of the most challenging problems concerning idiopathic facial paralysis. The early determination of prognosis in Bell's palsy is the necessary basis for assessing the effect of different therapeutic approaches. A number of methods and parameters are used in the prognostic evaluation of Bell's palsy. To know the exact weight of each one of these factors in the determination of the course of the disease we have performed an statistical study by means of discriminant analysis (DA).
Exercise therapy in E.N.T.; A non exhaustive survey of physiotherapy methods and techniques in "soft E.N.T. treatment" is briefly described. Without using "strength or brutality" which might retard the patient's recovery, the physiotherapist should focus his efforts to regain optimal functioning of the affected structure. So, physiotherapy techniques such as relaxation, bio-feedback, massage, exercise and electrotherapy, are used for a successful treatment of headache, migraine, vertigo, peripheral facial palsy, neck, cervico-facial (awkward positioning) and temporo-mandibular joint problems. Manual lymphatic drainage in post-surgical regeneration of skin and underlying structures, an example of very soft technique suits perfectly in the context of "soft E.N.T."
Primary care diagnosis and management of Bell's palsy.; Bell's palsy, an idiopathic facial paralysis of the seventh cranial nerve, is an important entity for clinicians to identify early because prognosis is more favorable with early intervention. Although the etiology is unknown, recent studies have indicated a familial tendency and increased incidence in patients with a history of diabetes, arterial hypertension and serum lipid disturbances. The specificity and severity of signs and symptoms are determined by the facial nerve fibers affected. Various diagnostic tests become an important factor in determining not only the differential diagnoses but also the severity of the occurrence and the prognosis for recovery.
Surgical treatment of facial palsy; The results of surgical treatment of 46 cases of facial nerve paralysis from 1974 to 1987 were reported. Among them, facial nerve decompression comprised 36 cases and facial nerve grafting 10 cases. The causes of facial nerve paralysis were head trauma in 13, surgical injury in 22, otitis media in 4, facial neurofibroma in 2 and Bell's palsy in 5. Thirty-six cases were followed up from 0.5 to 6.5 years. Twenty-five cases (69.5%) had totally recovered, 7 cases (19.4%) partially recovered and 4 cases (11.1%) had no recovered. The result of facial nerve decompression was better than that of facial nerve grafting. The indication, the significance of nerve excitability test and the influencing factors were discussed.
Idiopathic facial palsy in pregnancy and the puerperium; An association between pregnancy and idiopathic facial palsy has been observed previously. A five year review of patients admitted to the Brigham and Women's Hospital disclosed 18 new instances of pregnancy-associated Bell's palsy. Twelve patients became symptomatic during the third trimester and six during the first two weeks post partum. Primiparity was not a risk factor for pregnancy-associated facial palsy, but pre-eclampsia was six times more prevalent among patients in this study than among the general population of gravid women. Of 14 patients observed, eight had complete return of mimetic function within three months of the onset of symptoms. The remaining six patients had only mild residual facial weakness after a mean interval of 22 months. The administration of steroids did not appear to influence recovery.
Investigation of facial motor pathways by electrical and magnetic stimulation: Sites and mechanisms of excitation; A refined technique is described for non invasive examination of the facial motor pathways by stimulation of the extra- and intracranial segment of the facial nerve and the facial motor cortex. Surface recordings from the nasalis muscle rather than from the orbicularis oris muscle were used, since the compound muscle action potential (CMAP) from this muscle showed a more clearly defined onset. Electrical extracranial stimulation of the facial nerve at the stylomastoid fossa in 14 healthy subjects yielded a mean distal motor latency of 3.7 ms (SD 0.46), comparable with reported latencies to the orbicularis oris muscle. Using a magnetic stimulator, transcranial stimulation of the facial nerve was performed. The mechanism of transcranial magnetic facial nerve stimulation was studied using recordings on 12 patients who had facial nerve lesions at different locations, and with intraoperative direct measurements in four patients undergoing posterior fossa surgery. The actual site of stimulation could be localised to the proximal part of the facial canal, and a mean 'transosseal conduction time' of 1.2 ms (SD 0.18) was calculated. The cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) played an important role in mediating the magnetically induced stimulating currents. Finally, with transcranial magnetic stimulation of the facial motor cortex, clearly discernible CMAPs could be produced when voluntary activation of several facial muscles was used to facilitate the responses. From this, a central motor conduction time of 5.1 ms was calculated (SD 0.60, 6 subjects).
Tuberculosis of the middle ear in an infant; Tuberculosis of the middle ear is currently a rare disease. As most physicians are unfamiliar with the typical presenting features, the diagnosis is made too late, with resulting complications, such as irreversible hearing loss and facial nerve paralysis. A case report and review of the literature are presented, emphasizing that tuberculosis should be considered in the differential diagnosis of chronic ear infection.
The assessment and treatment of facial paralysis.; A facial paralysis is a major cosmetic handicap and can be an emotional and occupational disaster. There are, in addition, problems with speech and the eye. These problems are more severe if the facial paralysis is combined with other cranial nerve palsies. This discussion will be limited to lower motor neurone paralysis. Every patient with a facial paralysis can be helped to some degree and, in some, facial function can be restored to near normality. It is important that the underlying condition be diagnosed early to ensure a good prognosis.
Treatment of peripheral paresis-paralysis of the facial nerve using corticosteroids; The study comprised 113 patients with Bell's paresis-paralysis of the facial nerve. This group was considered as experimental while the control group involved patients with the same disease treated with oral corticosteroids. In both groups physical therapy has been applied from the very beginning of therapy. The results of the study have shown that in the group of patients treated with local corticosteroids the complete recovery was found in 82% of cases, partial in 14% and no signs of recovery in 4%. The mean time of clinical and electrophysiologic recovery was 17 days. In the control group of patients the complete recovery was found in 50%, partial in 37.5% and no improvement in 12.5%. The significant influence on the time and degree of recovery in both groups, and especially in the first group, has the time of starting the therapy; if the therapy started in the first week after the onset of the disease, the recovery was usually complete in the first group.
A modified frontalis sling in the treatment of combined blepharoptosis and facial nerve paresis; A surgical method is proposed to treat patients with combined severe blepharoptosis and peripheral facial nerve paresis. The operation involves construction of a sling from the contralateral active frontalis muscle to the affected eyelid tarsal plate. The method has been applied in one patient, with satisfactory results. Re-education of the patient was relatively easy to achieve.
Adult T-cell leukemia initially manifesting as facial diplegia; We report an unusual case of adult T-cell leukemia (ATL) initially manifesting as facial palsy due to ATL meningitis, which was caused by lymphoid cells in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) with a different phenotype from those in the blood. A DNA southern blot analysis of the blood cells confirmed the diagnosis of ATL. The aberrant cells in the CSF contained nuclei with simple indentations and responded well to the initial chemotherapy, while leukemic cells in the blood showed lobulated or convoluted nuclei and were resistant to treatment. Flow cytometry performed before treatment demonstrated that the majority of the cells in the CSF were CD3+CD4+CD8-CD25+, consistent with ATL, whereas they expressed the CD45R antigen, which the blood ATL cells did not. These differences in the subphenotype, cell morphology, and responsiveness to treatment among the ATL cells in blood and CSF suggest that a single clone or subclone with heterogeneous nature was not generated, before the final development of ATL.
Metastasis from an unknown primary presenting as a tumor in the internal auditory meatus; A 40-year-old male presented with a 2-month history of sudden hearing loss and tinnitus in his left ear. Mild vertigo was present initially but disappeared spontaneously without treatment. Facial nerve paralysis and retroauricular pain appeared 3 months after the onset of hearing loss on the same side. Computerized tomography and magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated a 1-cm mass in the left internal auditory canal. Translabyrinthine removal of tumor revealed metastatic adenocarcinoma. The patient died 3 months postoperatively from multiple metastatic deposits. A primary tumor was never found. The course of illness in this patient differs significantly from the typical course of other conditions involving the internal auditory canal. A metastatic work-up should be considered for patients with a similar history before a craniotomy is performed.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: Elevations in serum angiotensin converting enzyme and results of treatment with methotrexate; We have presented the case of a 37-year-old white man who had recurrent, unilateral, facial edema, temporary partial facial nerve palsy, sensory loss along the ophthalmic and maxillary divisions of the fifth cranial nerve, ageusia bilaterally on the anterior two thirds of the tongue, right extraocular muscle palsies, and intractable migraine-type headaches, leading to the diagnosis of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. The serum angiotensin converting enzyme levels, which are postulated to derive from undiscovered granulomas, were found to be elevated. Methotrexate therapy mitigated the clinical course of the disease, and may prove to be useful in the treatment of this rare and recalcitrant condition.
Botulinum toxin: A treatment for Facial asymmetry caused by facial nerve paralysis; Injury to the frontal or other facial nerve branches can result in an asymmetry that can be very distressful to both patient and surgeon. This is especially true following cosmetic procedures such as rhytidectomy. We propose a means to create temporary symmetry while awaiting the possible return of nerve function. Botulinum neurotoxin causes a muscle paralysis lasting for approximately 3 months, and it is well established as the preferred treatment for blepharospasm. A case is presented in which botulinum toxin type A was injected into the opposite functioning frontalis muscle of a patient with unilateral frontal nerve paralysis. The patient experienced satisfactory relief of the asymmetry caused by one-sided forehead wrinkling and brow elevation. Botulinum toxin therapy should be considered for both temporary and permanent facial asymmetries due to facial nerve paralysis as well as spasm.
Bell's palsy; Idiopathic facial (Bell's) palsy is an affliction commonly seen and managed by the family physician. Although the prognosis is generally good, steroids and cromolyn sodium have each been advocated to enhance full recovery. Surgical exploration of the nerve is indicated when the diagnosis is unclear. Various measures may be necessary to protect the eye.
Testosterone-induced acceleration of recovery from facial paralysis following crush axotomy of the facial nerve in male hamsters; In this study, the effects of testosterone propionate (TP) on recovery from facial paralysis following crush axotomy of the facial nerve in male hamsters were examined. In the first experiment, TP (5 mg/ml sesame oil; 0.1 ml) was injected subcutaneously and on alternate days in one-half of the animals subjected to crush axotomies of the facial nerve, with the second half receiving vehicle alone. An accelerative effect of TP on recovery from facial paralysis was observed near the end of the first and beginning of the second week after crush axotomy. When the dosage and frequency were doubled in the next experiment, a greater accelerative effect of TP on recovery from facial paralysis was observed. In the last experiment, castrated animals were used in order to eliminate the endogenous source of the hormone and two different modes of hormone administration, TP implants vs TP injections, were compared. The results of that experiment indicate that continuous exposure to the hormone, in the form of subcutaneous implants of 100% crystalline TP, had the most pronounced effect on acceleration of recovery from facial paralysis. In addition, no differences in the responses of the castrated, axotomized animals and the normal, axotomized animals were found. This suggests that the presence of endogenous hormone contributes little to the acceleration of functional recovery observed with TP. Finally, the time course of the accelerative effect of TP suggests that the hormone is acting primarily at the level of the facial neuron, which contains androgen receptors, and perhaps secondarily at the level of the facial muscles, which are also known to contain androgen receptors.
Bell's palsy: Management of sequelae using EMG rehabilitation, botulinum toxin, and surgery; Fifteen percent of patients who have had an acute episode of Bell's palsy will be left with debilitating facial dysfunction. This chapter describes our approach to managing a variety of hypo- and hyperkinetic disorders caused by injury and faulty regeneration of the facial nerve, using electromyographic rehabilitation (EMGR) (13 patients). Oculinum toxin injection (14 patients), or surgical reanimation (72 patients). Improvement was noted after EMGR in 12 of 13 patients (92%), all 14 patients with Oculinum experienced temporary improvement, and improvement was noted in 66 of 72 patients who underwent surgery (92%). The indications, techniques, and results of these rehabilitative methods are discussed.
One-and-a-half syndrome: anatomo-clinical considerations apropos of a case; A 36 years-old man was admitted in September 1987. For 5 years he suffered from 4 recurrent episodes of throbbing headache, tinnitus, nausea, diplopia and divergent strabismus to which a facial palsy was recently added. In all episodes, the symptoms disappeared spontaneously and completely. A neuro-ophthalmological examination at admission disclosed an exotropia of the right eye, gaze paralysis to the left, paralysis of adduction of the left eye and preserved right eye abduction which triggered a rhythmic horizontal nystagmus. The upward and downward gazes and the convergence were well preserved. Moreover, there was a left peripheral facial palsy, and Babinski sign at the right side. Auditory evoked potentials were slowed at the mesencephalopontine transition. CT scan showed a low-density area with no contrast enhancement at the left pontine tegmentum and a left anterolateral atrophy of the pons. CSF examination showed increase in protein content and increase in the IgG content. Additional investigation included a dopplerometry of the cervical arteries, a panangiography and a bidimensional echocardiography which were normal. Diagnosis of one-and-a-half syndrome was made, possibly secondary to multiple sclerosis, and immunossuppressive therapy was initiated.
Two-stage temporalis flap reconstruction for facial paralysis; Treatment of the paralyzed face remains a challenging surgical problem. When facial nerve damage is irreparable or facial nerve grafting has failed, static and dynamic techniques must be considered. A two-staged modification of the dynamic muscle transfer using ipsilateral temporalis muscle is described. Initially, a free temporalis fascia graft, harvested from the contralateral scalp, is placed around the oral commissure of the paralyzed side of the face through an incision in the nasolabial crease. Several weeks later, an ipsilateral temporalis muscle and fascia transfer is made to the anterior face and attached to the previously placed fascia graft. Oral commissure grafting, as a first step, provides for a secure anchoring point for the temporalis flap, and achieves a more satisfactory correction of the oral commissure.
Moebius and Poland syndromes: a report of a case.; This report describes the dental treatment of a 45-month-old Native American Indian female with Moebius and Poland syndromes, two rare syndromes which can occur simultaneously.
Ramsay-Hunt syndrome in a preschool infant; The Ramsay-Hunt syndrome affects mostly adults. The recovery of facial nerve function, according to recent literature, seems better than has been generally accepted. A small number of children with herpes zoster oticus have been reported. We describe a case of Ramsay-Hunt syndrome in a healthy 3 1/2 -year-old girl. She still had a obvious facial palsy after 12 months. Three out of 6 reported children with herpes zoster oticus have had a slow recovery of the facial nerve function. This suggests a less favorable prognosis in children than in adults. Although not successful in this case, acyclovir should be tried early in the course of the disease.
Metastasis to the temporal bone, secondary to carcinoma of the bladder; An 80-year-old man was seen in the clinic with a two month history of pain, bleeding and deafness in his left ear; accompanied by a left facial palsy. Six months earlier, anaplastic carcinoma of the bladder had been diagnosed and treated with radiotherapy. On examination there was a mass in his left external auditory canal and VII, VIII, IX and X left cranial nerve palsies. Histology of a biopsy was identical with his original bladder tumour. He received a course of palliative radiotherapy but died shortly after. Post-mortem demonstrated the left temporal bone metastasis extending into the middle and posterior cranial fossae. There was no evidence of residual bladder tumour, or other primary tumour. Temporal bone metastasis are probably more common than generally thought. Presentations like this may become more common as cancer therapy improves, with patients surviving longer and presenting later with metastatic disease.
Malignant lymphoma at the cranial base. Apropos of a case; A case of malignant lymphoma that manifested itself neurologically is presented. We review the frequency of apparition on the head and neck of these tumours, and comment about clinical features and treatment.
Neurological presentations of Lyme disease. 12 Cases; Twelve cases of Lyme's disease with neurological complications are reported. Seven patients had meningoradiculitis of the Garin-Bujadoux-Bannwarth type, with facial palsy in 2 cases. In 1 case the radiculitis involved only the cauda equina. Two more patients had meningomyelitis. Of the remaining 3, 1 had subacute inflammatory polyneuritis with albumino-cytologic dissociation, 1 had probable dorsal epiduritis, and the last one developed parkinsonism and communicating hydrocephalus after an otherwise classical meningoradiculitis. Three patients recalled a tick bite but only one a cutaneous eruption. No arthritis or cardiac involvement were observed. In 2 cases the CSF contained psuedo-neoplastic cells. Severe pain was a prominent feature in most cases. Pain consistently and rapidly improved on high-dose intravenous penicillin, while other signs or symptoms (e.g. paresthesias or fatigue) often lasted several months. Parkinsonism and hydrocephalus were not influenced by penicillin, and both required specific therapy. Isolated neurological (both central and peripheral) involvement is not unusual in Lyme's disease and may give rise to a wide range of signs and symptoms. This diagnosis is to be considered even when other features of Borrelia burgdorferi infection are lacking.
Binding of complement component C5 to model immune complexes and the use of anti-C5 antibodies for determination of C5-containing circulating immune complexes; When normal human or mouse serum is added to micro ELISA plates coated with monomeric or aggregated IgG, complement component C5 binds to IgG. C5 binding was demonstrated with a specific chicken anti-C5 antibody. Hydrazine treatment of the serum or addition of EDTA to the serum abolished the binding of C5. C5-deficient mouse serum was negative for C5 binding, whereas the same serum supplemented with human C5 restored the binding of C5. Chicken anti-C5-coated plates were used for determination of C5-containing circulating immune complexes (CIC). Increased concentrations of CIC were found in sera from patients with rheumatoid arthritis and Bell's palsy.
MR imaging of facial nerve enhancement in Bell palsy or after temporal bone surgery; The authors evaluated magnetic resonance (MR) images obtained with intravenously administered gadolinium in ten patients who had facial paralysis and no facial nerve tumor. In patients with either Bell palsy (four patients) or facial paralysis after temporal bone surgery (six patients), intratemporal facial nerve enhancement was seen. Facial nerve enhancement on MR images proved to be a nonspecific finding.
Justification of the traditional Chinese method of acupuncture in the complex rehabilitation following oral surgery; In the Oral-Surgical Department of the Budapest Semmelweis Kórház (Semmelweis Hospital) 16 patients operated because of parotis tumor were subjected to acupuncture treatment in the hope of quicker rehabilitation of their paresis. In 11 cases the transitory facialis paresis became significantly shorter after the operation.
Current imaging approach to the temporal bone; Available imaging modalities allow for specific and highly detailed evaluation of temporal bone disease provided that an adequate clinical history is available. I have presented a summary of diagnostic approaches based on such symptoms. Of course, many patients do not fit into a particular category. This communication is designed merely as an overview for the imaging specialist who may be puzzled by the currently accepted standards.
Magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve; Electrical testing of the facial nerve has evolved into an important means of assessing neural injury. However, the inability to stimulate the intratemporal facial nerve electrically results in a delay in diagnosis, because axonal degeneration must progress distal to the stylomastoid foramen before testing can be meaningful. To circumvent this problem, we began an investigation of magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve, because pulsed magnetic fields can pass unattenuated through all body structures, including bone. Normal volunteers and one patient with acute facial paralysis were studied with both magnetic and electric stimulation of the facial nerve. The results indicate that (1) magnetic stimulation was more comfortable because high current levels were not required at the skin surface to assure indepth stimulation, (2) magnetic and electric stimulation of the extratemporal facial nerve resulted in nearly identical compound muscle action potentials, indicating that the sites and mechanisms of neural depolarization are similar, and (3) transtemporal magnetic stimulation appears to allow depolarization of the proximal intratemporal nerve. These preliminary results are encouraging and indicate that magnetic stimulation of the facial nerve warrants further investigation.
Investigation of unilateral facial weakness: magnetic stimulation of the proximal facial nerve and of the face-associated motor cortex; Twenty-four patients with unilateral facial weakness of various aetiologies were investigated using a magnetic stimulator to stimulate the proximal segment of the facial nerve directly (short latency response) and also to activate the facial motoneurons bilaterally via corticonuclear pathways by placing the stimulating coil over the motor cortex (long latency responses). Electromyographic recordings were taken from both mentalis muscles using concentric needle electrodes. Seventeen patients were investigated at various times after onset of idiopathic facial palsy (Bell's palsy). In the acute stage (less than 5 days after onset) short and long latency responses on the paretic side were abnormal, being absent in all but one patient, in whom the short latency response was delayed. These abnormal responses were the earliest neurographic correlate for nerve conduction block. In 4 out of 9 patients seen up to 30 days after onset of palsy, trans-synaptically evoked long latency responses were absent. In patients examined more than 2 months after onset, long latency responses could always be obtained and, in 5 of 8 patients, short latency responses could also be elicited, indicating a return of the direct excitability of the nerve. Five patients with cerebral hemisphere lesions causing mild unilateral facial weakness had absent long latency responses when stimulating over the affected hemisphere, but normal bilateral long latency responses following stimulation over the unaffected cerebral hemisphere; short latency responses were normal. Magnetic stimulation of the brain and of the facial nerve can differentiate between central and peripheral causes of unilateral facial weakness and may prove useful in the early assessment of the degree of conduction block in Bell's palsy.
The rehabilitative therapy of patients with persistent paralysis of the mimetic muscles; Based on the well-known rearrangement of the intracentral relationships when forming a new movement, the authors have developed a technique of functional rearrangement of the sternocleidomastoid muscle displaced on the angle of the mouth. The technique allowed the authors to improve the patients' appearance, to facilitate articulation and taking food.
The significance of dystrophic changes in traumatic facial nerve paralysis; In 61 animals, after experimental removal of the suprachoroid part, complete section, placement of neurosutures, incomplete section and contusion of the facial nerve in the tympanic and mastoid segment, the analysis of dystrophic changes was performed after a year of follow-up. In all animals, except for control group, the degree of the manifested changes was in the direct correlation with the degree of previous lesion. The studies performed pointed out the great importance of trauma and degenerative changes in evaluation of the functional state and actualization of the problem of an adequate otolaryngological treatment of all forms of the peripheral facial nerve paralysis.
Lyme borreliosis - Main cause of acute peripheral facial palsy in childhood; A prospective hospital-based multicentre study in Lower Saxony allowed to investigate the frequency of acute peripheral facial palsy due to Lyme borreliosis and its clinical and laboratory characteristics. Diagnosis of Lyme Borreliosis was based on detection of Igm antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi in serum and CSF as well, using an IgM capture ELISA. Between June 1986 and October 1987 27 consecutive cases with acute peripheral facial palsy were studied. Lyme borreliosis is the main cause of peripheral facial palsy in childhood. It was verified serologically in two thirds of the cases. All cases with a positive history for a tick bite and/or an erythema migrans in the head-neck region showed ipsilateral neurological affection suggesting a direct invasion via the affected nerve by Borrelia burgdorferi. Lyme borreliosis represents a monosymptomatic meningoradiculitis. All children with Lyme borreliosis revealed a lymphocytic CSF pleocytosis, whereas in cases of unknown etiology CSF findings usually were normal. Therefore, in any case of facial palsy with an inflammatory CSF syndrome Lyme borreliosis has to be suspected unless proven otherwise.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (pseudotumor cerebri) in pediatric patients; Improved evaluation of visual features of idiopathic intracranial hypertension in pediatric patients has resulted in the demonstration of optic neuropathy which may be reversible. A wide variety of etiologic associations should be investigated to provide definitive therapy; however, nonspecific means often will be required to lower intracranial pressure. It is hoped that a double-blind controlled trial of medical therapies and another for surgical therapies will be conducted to elucidate optimum management of this condition.
Facial nerve palsy secondary to acute otitis media; Acute otitis media is diagnosed commonly in the pediatric population. Numerous complications, one of which is facial palsy, may result. Facial paralysis may be the initial complaint in the child in whom acute otitis media later develops on the affected side, as was true in the case reported here. Dehiscence of the fallopian canal, physiologic canaliculi along the facial nerve to the periphery, and host resistance play an integral part in the development of facial nerve palsy from acute otitis media. The two most effective neurodiagnostic studies are the nerve excitability test and electromyography. The author also recommends daily acoustic reflex testing for denervation or reinnervation. Specific indications for conservative therapy (myringotomy, antibiotic, and decongestant) as well as for surgical intervention are discussed. The treatment in the present case was particularly conservative. It included only a broad-spectrum antibiotic, with good results.
Lyme-Borreliosis - Its importance for the ENT-specialist; Lyme disease is a tick-borne multisystemic Borrelia infection to which the following diseases belong: erythema migrans, lymphadenosis benigna cutis, lymphocytic meningoradiculitis (Bannwarth's syndrome), Lyme-arthritis and acrodermitis chronica atrophicans. The infection rate of ticks with Borrelia Burgdorferi in Germany amount to 13,6% compared to the infection with the European spring summer meningoencephalitis virus with 1,1‰. Recent investigations show that lipopolysaccharides and interleukin-1 play an important role in the pathogenesis of Lyme disease. Lipopolysaccharides (LPS are a constitutive part of the outer wall of gram negative bacteria. Its biological activities include pyrogenicity, mitogenicity for lymphocytes and the induction of interleukin-1 (IL-1). IL-1 is the major macrophage-derived immunoregulatory protein. Lyme disease is characterized by a variety of symptoms which could be explained by the effects of IL-1 on host systems. These symptoms include: fever, malaise, erythema migrans and arthritis. The clinical course can be divided into three stages. Erythema migrans, lymphadenosis benigna cutis and general symptoms characterize the first stage. In the second stage disorders of the heart and the neurological system may follow including Bannwarth's syndrome. 60% of the patients develop facial palsy and 30% of these patients bilateral palsy. In 40% of all cases the facial palsy is the only motor disorder. Other cranial nerves can also be affected. The third stage consists of the Lyme-arthritis, acrodermitis chronica atrophicans and encephalomyelitis. The determination of specific spirochetal antibodies in serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is the most valuable diagnostic acid for this borreliosis. The CSF examination may also be helpful. The CSF leukocyte count, the CSF protein concentration and the CSF-IgG/serum-IgG-index can be elevated. By calculating this index the intrathecal synthesis of IgG can be estimated. The treatment of stage 1 consists of the application of tetracyclin, erythromycin or better penicillin p.o., the treatment of stage 2 and 3 consists of a high dosage of penicillin applied intravenously. Preliminary results of a study which has not been concluded yet demonstrate that the treatment with cephalosporin may be more effective. 15 patients with Lyme disease have been admitted to our hospital for diagnosis and treatment. Unilateral facial palsy affected 5, bilateral facial palsy 3, unilateral sudden hearing loss 3, bilateral sudden hearing loss 1, bilateral tinnitus 2 and 'neuronitis' vestibularis 1 of our patients. With the exception of one patient with bilateral tinnitus, all of our patients fully recovered after having received adequate treatment.
Parotitis and facial nerve dysfunction; Paralysis of the facial nerve in association with suppurative parotitis is rare, with only ten previously reported cases. In some situations, inflammation surrounding a benign neoplasm accounted for the observed paralysis. In this article, three new cases of parotitis with associated facial nerve dysfunction are described, none of which was associated with a neoplasm. In one, an occult abscess was present and in another an aggressive necrotizing process was seen. The treatment of this disease should initially be conservative management with high doses of wide-spectrum antibiotics. In the majority of cases, resolution of the facial paralysis should follow. However, persistence of a parotid mass with continued facial palsy mandates surgical exploration to exclude the presence of an underlying neoplasm.
Lyme disease: Of ticks and titers; Lyme disease was recognized initially as epidemic oligoarthritis. Intensive investigation has resulted in the clarification of the cause, epidemiology, natural history, and successful treatment of Lyme disease. Although Lyme disease is a public health problem only in certain geographic areas, it has now been reported in 39 states is the the most common tick-related illness in the continental United States. Lyme disease must remain a clinical diagnosis, because the serologic tests that are now generally available are accurate but inherently variable, and they pose particular problems in diagnosing Lyme disease in endemic areas. Specialized assays currently in development should prove useful in the future.
Imaging case study of the month. Facial nerve hemangioma; Clinical differentiation between Bell's palsy and unilateral facial nerve palsy due to tumor is sometimes difficult. Slow progression of paralysis, absence of recovery after 6 months, and ipsilateral recurrence all may be important clues of a tumor, but none is specific. Good quality imaging of the temporal bone can be extremely helpful in establishing the diagnosis and minimizing the exploration. It is important to differentiate facial nerve neuromas from vascular tumors, as the timing of surgical therapy may be very different.
Electro-acupuncture treatment of acute stage peripheral facial paralysis.; The treatment of 100 cases of acute stage peripheral facial paralysis with electro-acupuncture has indicated that, with the stimulation intensity and time interval strictly controlled, electro-acupuncture is effective. Suitable wave forms and electric intensity, as well as proper needling techniques and controlled duration of the stimulation according to experimental experience have yielded high therapeutic effects without aggravation of symptoms.
Floating petrous bone fracture; Floating petrous bone fracture appears to occur when the elastic pediatric skull is subjected to large compressive forces. Unlike a longitudinal fracture, a floating petrous bone fracture does not involve the ear canal and squamous cortex. Rather, the fracture line runs through the middle ear, separating the petrous apex from its lateral and inferior bone attachments. Characteristic clinical findings include immediate onset of conductive hearing loss, with ipsilateral sixth and seventh cranial nerve paralysis. This article details the third known occurrence of this type of fracture, and includes a discussion of the pathophysiologic mechanism and treatment rationale.
Evaluation of recent experience in hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis in the treatment of facial palsy; This evaluation of recent experience of hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis in ten patients who had undergone acoustic neuroma resection, indicates that this procedure may have a role to play in the treatment of this disfiguring condition. Facial symmetry at rest is satisfactory in the majority of patients, who suffered little long term deficit from the loss of their hypoglossal nerve. This procedure is ideally suited to otolaryngological practice.
Elevated serum interferon levels in patients with Bell's palsy; Serum interferon (IFN) levels were analyzed in patients with Bell's palsy to study the immune response in the disease. Serum samples from 91 patients were assayed for antiviral activity using a bioassay. The IFN levels in the serum were elevated in the acute and convalescent phases as compared with control subjects. The serum IFN-γ levels were analyzed by radioimmunoassay in 32 of the patients: the IFN-γ levels were alike in the acute and convalescent phases and the control subjects. Neutralization with specific antisera against IFN-α, -β, and -γ on 15 serum samples of 11 patients with elevated IFN activity showed a complex pattern that indicates that the antiviral activity was due to a mixture of IFNs and possibly also due to other factors. The elevated IFN levels indicate a low-grade antiviral response that may reflect the reactivation of a viral infection.
Hearing impairment in patients with antibody production against Borrelia burgdorferi antigen; This study aimed to evaluate the extent to which hearing disorders may be a result of tick-borne Borrelia burgdorferi infection. 98 patients with different patterns of hearing dysfunction were studied. The patients had a history of sudden hearing loss, disorders similar to Meniere's disease, or hearing loss in combination with acute facial palsy or with vertigo. Serum antibodies against the B burgdorferi antigen were determined during the acute and convalescent periods. 17 patients (17%) showed serological evidence of borreliosis (reciprocal titre of 320 or above). All but 3 of these patients also had vertigo and 3 subjects had peripheral facial palsy. All the 17 patients were treated with high doses of intravenous benzylpenicillin. The hearing of 5 patients improved on treatment. Although the specificity of antibody production against borrelia antigen has not been completely clarified, it is concluded that repeated serological examinations are worthwhile in patients with unexplained hearing disorders.
Acyclovir in the treatment of facial palsy due to zoster virus; The varicella zoster virus (VZV) is the cause of 7-10% of the cases of atraumatic facial palsy. In untreated cases, recovery is only partial. Out of five patients, treatment with acyclovir resulted in complete recovery after three weeks in four in whom treatment was commenced within three days of the onset of the palsy. In one patient in whom treatment was commenced more than four days after the onset of the palsy, only partial recovery had occurred after one year.
Bell's palsy: Long-term catamnestic investigations on prognosis and significance of electrophysiological findings; 550 Patients suffering from Bell's palsy and examined by electromyography (EMG) as well as electroneurography (ENG) were interviewed in respect of treatment and remission. In more than 80% of the cases it was possible to register volitional activity by EMG as well as to elicit an electroneurographic response. We found a high correlation between electrodiagnostical deficit and degree of recovery. EMG and ENG were equally suitable to assess the severity of damage. The overall prognosis of Bell's palsy was favorable in cases of incomplete lesions. The recovery was probably improved by administration of steroids in the examined group, especially in cases with temporary loss of electroneurographic response.
Aciclovir in the treatment of facial nerve palsies caused by herpes zoster oticus; In the present study patients suffering from facial nerve palsy caused by a herpes zoster oticus were treated with aciclovir. After therapy all patients could be controlled via clinical grading system and electromyographic observations. Aciclovir therapy did not yield any results superior to those obtained with other forms of therapy presented in the literature.
The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome - a report of two cases; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) is a rare condition with variable presentation. In some cases there is sequential development of clinical features. This report describes the syndrome in two Arab children who showed partial response to therapy with oral steroids. Since the natural course of the disease is unpredictable and there may be natural remission of symptoms, the efficacy of steroids is difficult to establish.
Prospective randomized comparison of mezlocillin therapy alone with combined ampicillin and gentamicin therapy for patients with cholangitis; Forty-six patients with cholangitis were randomized to receive therapy with mezlocillin sodium (24 patients) or a combination of ampicillin sodium-gentamicin sulfate (22 patients). The biliary concentration of mezlocillin was 112 times higher than that of ampicillin and 778 times higher than that of gentamicin. The ratio of the concentration in serum or bile over the minimum inhibitory concentration against aerobic gram-negative bacilli (therapeutic index) was higher for mezlocillin than for either ampicillin or gentamicin. Twenty (83%) of 24 patients were cured following mezlocillin therapy compared with 9 (41%) of 22 patients after ampicillin-gentamicin therapy. The 3 patients with superinfection were in the ampicillin-gentamicin arm of the study. Fewer toxic or adverse effects occurred in association with mezlocillin treatment than with ampicillin-gentamicin treatment. Mezlocillin therapy was more effective, less toxic, and less expensive than treatment with ampicillin and gentamicin for patients with cholangitis.
Neuro-borreliosis or intervertebral disc syndrome?; Between September 1986 and November 1988, 17 patients were hospitalized and treated for neuro-borreliosis. Ten of them had been admitted with suspected lumbar or cervical root or compression syndrome. Only four patients recalled a tick bite, only three an erythema migrans. Uni- or bilateral facial paresis was a prominent feature in six patients. Three of 14 patients had no IgG antibodies against Borrelia, either in serum or cerebrospinal fluid at the initial examination, two had positive titres in serum only. Despite antibiotic treatment (usually 10 mega U penicillin three times daily) six patients had a recurrence by April, 1989, treated with penicillin again or with twice daily 100 mg doxycycline or 2 g ceftriaxone. In four of them a residual painful polyneuropathy remains.
Apparent central facial nerve palsy in cases of Lyme Borreliosis; In childhood Lyme-Borreliosis often presents as facial palsy. This progredient infectious disease is to be treated by intravenous penicilline therapy in order to avoid future complications. In three out of four own observations facial palsy raised suspicion towards central origin. By performance of the orbicularis oculi reflex in all four cases peripheral damage of the facial nerve could be demonstrated. This simple electromyographic method seems to be a valuable tool in the differentiation of central and peripheral facial nerve palsy in childhood, preserving the affected children from painful electrodiagnostic procedure or useless search for supranuclear lesions.
Facial paralysis following blunt head injury.; Schirmer's test is not a reliable test to localize the level of facial nerve damage. From our results of Schirmer's test (greater than 30%), 53.3 per cent of the cases had facial nerve damage below the geniculate ganglion. Conservative treatment is recommended for delayed palsy.
Borrelia infection in children; All children (≤15 years) admitted during 1986 to Sachs Children's Hospital and presenting signs of facial palsy and/or meningitis, or with a history of known tick bite followed by headache, fatigue and muscle pain, were investigated for antibodies to Borrelia in serum and cerebrospinal fluid. (The hospital's catchment area has a high incidence of tick-borne Borrelia infections). Significantly elevated antibody titre was found in 15 of the 33 patients, in three cases only in cerebrospinal fluid. Eight of the 15 children had facial palsy, which was concomitant with meningitis in six cases. Intravenous penicillin was given to all 15 patients with positive antibody titre, and additionally to three severely ill small children with facial palsy and meningitis. Furthermore, two cases of erythema chronicum migrans, which is considered pathognomonic for Borrelia infection, were treated with penicillin perorally. Cases of Borrelia infection occurred throughout the year, but with a peak in August. To emphasize the variety of symptoms, three cases are presented in some detail.
Fine control of reinnervated muscle. Dynamic rehabilitation of facial paralysis; Satisfactory rehabilitation of the paralyzed face has yet to be achieved. Ideally, both mobility and symmetry should be restored. In five rabbits, motion signals were picked up from the intact side by miniature strain gauges and channeled by means of an electronic circuit to electrodes placed around nerve pedicles previously implanted into the paralyzed side. An analog current produced in response to muscular contraction (afferent limb) resulted in graded and sustained contraction of the reinnervated side (efferent limb). In six animals, the tension of reinnervated strap muscles could be adjusted by varying the pulse width (0.1-10 msec) of a constant (0.5 mA) current applied to the nerve pedicles. Contraction (strain-gauge compression) of the intact face was followed by reciprocal graded relaxation of the reinnervated straps. Conversely, facial relaxation (elongation) induced graded strap contraction. An agonist-antagonist relationship was, thus, created between the two effectors. This approach may allow the paralyzed face to be electrically reanimated from the intact side in a symmetrical fashion closer to the physiologic state.
Ultrasonic treatment of Meniere's disease; High frequency ultrasound can cause damage to biological tissue. There is a considerable variation between the susceptibility of different tissues to the effects of ultrasound. Skin, bone, connective tissue and blood vessels are affected far less than nerve fibres and sensory cells. Of all human tissue, nerve tissue is said to be the most sensitive to ultrasound. When choosing the type of surgical procedure it has to be taken into account that the disease afflicts both labyrinths in around 40% of all cases in course of time. Therefore operations which deliberately destroy the remaining hearing should be avoided. One method to achieve selective elimination of the vestibular labyrinth with preservation of hearing is to use ultrasound. This affects both the vestibular neuroepithelium and the secretory epithelium in the vestibular compartments. Thus, not only does it reduce the secretion of endolymph and, as a result, diminish the endolabyrinthine hydrops, it also depresses the function of the vestibular endorgans. In the treatment of Meniere's disease 1,000,000 cycles per second (1 Mc/s) or more are used. The biological mode of action of ultrasound is complex. In general it seems to be based on three factors: 1) mechanical, 2), thermal, and 3) chemical. Expressed simply, the mechanical effect of ultrasound on tissue is to produce a shaking movement with destructive properties. The thermal effect is a result of absorption of energy by tissue. Bone has a high absorption coefficient and therefore becomes very hot. Studies in patients have shown that 3 minutes of continuous irradiation with a power of 3 W against the enchondral bone increases the temperature in the lateral ampulla to 50°C and in the vestibule to 45°C.
The spectrum of neurological manifestations of Borrelia burgdorferi infections; The neurological spectrum of Borrelia burgdorferi infections is still enlarging. We review epidemiological, pathological and serological data of Lyme disease. The course of the disease is divided in three stages: stage 1 during the first month is characterised by erythema chronicum migrans and associated manifestations; stage 2 includes not only the classical European meningoradiculitis but also less specific neurological symptoms: isolated lymphocytic meningitis with an acurate or even relapsing course, apparently idiopathic facial palsy, neuritis of other cranial nerves, polyneuritis cranialis, Argyll-Robertson sign, peripheral nerve involvement, acute transverse myelitis, severe encephalitis, myositis. During stage 3, three to five months or longer after the onset of the disease, chronic arthritis, acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans and various neurological symptoms can be observed: chronic neuropathy with mainly sensory or motor signs, recurrent strokes due to cerebral angiopathy and progressive encephalomyelitis; this third stage the central nervous system involvement is characterised by slowly progressive of fluctuating course during months or years, ataxic or spastic gait disorder, bladder disturbances, cranial nerve dysfunction including optic atrophy and hypoacusis, dysarthria, focal and diffuse encephalopathy. This chronic central nervous system disease can mimick multiple sclerosis, anorexia nervosa, psychic disorders or subacute presenile dementia. It is often associated with pleiocytosis, abnormal EEG and evoked potentials, sometimes multifocal and mainly periventricular white matter lesions visualised by CT or MRI, and as a rule high antibody titers against Borrelia burgdorferi. High doses of penicillin can halt the disease, sometimes induce spectacular regression of symptoms or sometimes be inefficient; ceftriaxone could be a more powerful therapy. Similarities between syphilis and Borreliosis are multiple: both of these spirochetes contain plasmids, can be transmitted through the placenta and progress for many years through successive stages, with multiorgan symptoms, including parenchymatous and vascular lesions of the central nervous system. Borrelia burgdorferi is the new great imitator.
Otologic complications following temporomandibular joint arthroscopy; The recent application of arthroscopic surgical techniques to the temporomandibular joint (TMJ) has facilitated the diagnosis and treatment of TMJ disorders. However, as TMJ arthroscopy is performed more frequently, new complications are being recognized. We report three patients who developed severe otologic complications following TMJ arthroscopy. Two sustained complete or severe sensorineural hearing loss and severe vertigo from trauma to the ipsilateral ear. The third patient had complete facial paralysis from trauma to the facial nerve in the middle ear and a conductive hearing loss from incus dislocation. Complete hearing loss and facial paralysis from trauma to the main trunk of the facial nerve have not been reported previously as complications of TMJ arthroscopy.
Herpes zoster and facial palsy; A case of facial palsy associated with herpes zoster is presented. A good response was obtained using treatment with acyclovir and prednisone.
Superselective embolization for intractable epistaxis: Experiences with 19 patients; Twenty-eight patients with intractable nose-bleeds were treated with either superselective embolization and/or surgery between 1983 and 1986. The follow-up time ranged between 6 months and 3 years. The results for the 2 groups were similar. The success rate for embolization was 74% and that for surgery 65%. Complications however, were more frequent after embolization, (i.e. facial nerve paralysis, soft tissue necrosis). Surgery is recommended as the treatment of choice in intractable nose-bleeds, until therapeutic embolization techniques have been further refined and the complication rate reduced.
Acute profound deafness in Ramsay Hunt syndrome. Two case reports; Two patients with sudden progressive profound hearing loss resulting from Ramsay Hunt syndrome are reported . Case 1: A 63-year-old woman was admitted to Jichi Medical School Hospital with sudden, progressing deafness of the left ear, vertigo, sore throat, and hoarseness. An otoscopic examination revealed the external ear and the tympanic membrane to be normal. Pure-tone audiometry revealed profound deafness in the left ear. A horizontal nystagmus in the non-affected direction was observed by gaze nystagmus test. An endoscopic examination revealed herpetic vesicles and shallow ulcers of the left side of the pharynx and the larynx. There was complete paralysis of the left recurrent nerve. Hearing acuity of the left ear did not recovery at all with steroid hormone therapy. Case 2: A 75-year-old man was referred to the ENT Clinic by a dermatologist for hearing evaluation in Ramsay Hunt syndrome. The man had noticed severe otalgia and sudden progressive deafness of the right ear approximately 2 weeks prior to admission. Physical examination revealed herpetic vesicles and ulcers in the right external ear and lateral neck. Complete paralysis of the right facial nerve was noted. Profound hearing loss in the affected ear was observed by pure-tone audiometry. A gaze nystagmus test revealed a horizontal nystagmus in the non-affected direction. No recovery of the cochlear function was noted following administration of antiviral drug. The pertinent literature is briefly reviewed.
Recent trends in treatment of facial paralysis; A brief historical introduction of facial paralysis is given. Recent trends in treatment of palsy of the VIIth cranial nerve are analysed. Only the dynamic approach is considered. The classical methods of suspension by fascia lata, neurotomy and selective controlateral myotomy are not discussed. Lesions are divided into: - extra-cranial or recent intratemporal, - recent intracranial, - inveterate, according to physiology and morphological and functional dynamics. Surgical procedures are proposed (as most suitable) for the various clinical conditions. These are neuroraphy and nerve graft for extracranial or intratemporal lesions, nerve graft with contralateral anastomosis (cross face) for recent intracranial lesions and nerve graft with contralateral anastomosis and vascularized muscle graft for inveterate lesions. Results of prospects are discussed.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Oligosymptomatic form developed during medical treatment of a phobic depressive process; An oligosymptomatic form of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome which developed following psychiatric treatment for depressive phobic disease is presented. Morphological characteristics found in gingival mucosa biopsy are commented on, as well as the evolutive course and therapeutic procedures carried out on the patient.
Basal cell carcinoma of the middle ear: A natural history; The natural course of basal cell carcinoma of the middle ear is described. This tumour is extremely rarely found in the middle ear and only two cases have been reported to date. The appearance of the tumour was heralded by earache and deafness, followed years later by wide local destruction of the temporal and parietal bones, base of skull, facial palsy and multiple distant metastases. The patient refused both surgical and irradiation therapy and died 10 years after the initial diagnosis.
Bilateral facial paralysis secondary to trichinosis; Myocarditis and neurological disorders are the most serious complication of human infestation by Trichinella spiralis. On occasion, the unawareness of clinical manifestations, the form of presentation and the association of uncustomary neurological symptoms impedes the diagnosis of trichinosis. We report a case of trichinosis with peripheral facial diplegia, meningeal disorder and EKG alteration, with no prior intestinal symptomatology. Treatment with thiabendazol and steroids resulted in a very favorable clinical evolution.
Lyme disease meningopolyneuritis simulating malignant lymphoma.; Lyme disease is a multisystem disorder resulting from infection by the tick-borne spirochete, Borrelia burgdorferi. Fever, chills, malaise and headaches; a characteristic rash; and subsequent polyarthritis typically herald the onset of this condition. Neurologic involvement may occur with skin and joint manifestations or present alone as meningitis, cranial neuritis, and radiculopathy known as Bannwarth's syndrome. We report the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cytomorphologic and immunocytochemical features of four patients who presented with isolated meningitis, cranial neuritis, and painful neuropathy without initial history of specific skin rash or previous tick bite. Initial CSF findings of significant numbers of markedly atypical plasmacytoid mononuclear cells suggested CSF non-Hodgkin's malignant lymphoma. Immunocytochemical studies on CSF specimens, however, revealed polyclonal surface immunoglobulin patterns consistent with an inflammatory reaction. Follow-up clinical history and/or peripheral blood serologic testing for antibody titers with B. burgdorferi antigen confirmed the diagnosis of Lyme disease in all four cases. We conclude that Lyme disease may present as atypical spinal fluid lymphoplasmacytic cellular infiltrates that simulate malignant lymphoma and that appropriate immunocytochemical studies and peripheral blood serologic testing be performed to establish this diagnosis and direct appropriate therapy.
The natural history of facial paralysis in herpes zoster; A group of 102 patients with facial palsy caused by herpes zoster was studied in order to determine the course and prognosis without treatment. In most cases, the eruption and the paralysis appeared at the same time. The maximal degree of loss of function was usually reached within 1 week and was clearly related to the age of the patient. Recovery was better when the vesicles preceded complete loss of function. Complete recovery was achieved in about 10% of patients after a complete loss of function and in about 66% after an incomplete loss.
Peripheral neuropathies associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection; Peripheral neuropathies may complicate all stages of infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, sensory ganglioneuritis, and acute cranial nerve palsy all may occur 2 to 3 weeks after acute HIV infection. Acute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, and polyradiculopathy may occur with otherwise asymptomatic HIV virus infection. Neuropathy is one of the most common neurological manifestations of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)-related complex, occurring in as many as 20% of these patients. Acute or chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (38%) and mononeuropathy multiplex (29%) are most frequently seen, and usually there is a good prognosis, with the neuropathy resolving spontaneously or with steroids or plasmapheresis. Neuropathy occurring with AIDS is reportedly uncommon but probably is underreported, especially in seriously ill patients. By contrast with AIDS-related complex, the neuropathy associated with AIDS is usually a distal symmetrical polyneuropathy (72%) with inflammatory neuropathy, mononeuropathy multiplex, and polyradiculopathy occurring rarely. The pathogenesis of acute or chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy and possibly of mononeuropathy multiplex is probably autoimmune. The pathogenesis of distal symmetrical polyneuropathy is less clearly established and may be infectious, toxic, or nutritional. Polyradiculopathy most likely is infectious; cytomegalovirus is a leading contender for infectious agent, but herpes simplex virus and HIV are other possibilities.
Reliability of percutaneous test for facial nerve function. Comparison between indirect and direct stimulation method; To evaluate the reliability of conventional tests for facial nerve denervation, comparisons of the thresholds and relationship with prognosis were made between the conventional percutaneous and direct stimulation methods in 11 cases of facial palsy decompressed and followed up for more than 6 months. Although all cases showed complete or severe nerve degeneration in the preoperative percutaneous stimulation tests, the threshold for the direct intraoperative stimulation test varied from 4 V (normal) to more than 30 V. The results of the direct intraoperative stimulation test correlated well with prognosis (degree of improvement of palsy score). Our results indicate that the direct stimulation method is better than the percutaneous stimulation method as an electrodiagnostic test for nerve degeneration.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome.; The Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome consists of recurrent edema of the lips, intermittent facial edema and a furrowed tongue. This is the classic triad which defines the syndrome, although it is accepted that the presence of two manifestations is sufficient to make the diagnosis. Distribution is universal although the majority of the cases are described in the European literature. The case of a 37 year-old female is presented. She came to consult for persistent edema of the upper lip, of a three-year duration, which started abruptly without any clear etiologic correlation with acute episodes that disappear spontaneously or with corticoid treatment. Associated symptoms included migraine headaches which started years earlier. The complimentary examinations were normal except for a mild elevation of the sedimentary rate, and the biopsy was compatible with granulomatous cheilitis. In conclusion, MRS has to be considered as a diagnostic possibility in a patient who consulted for recurrent edema associated with other dermatologic and neurologic manifestations, although not necessarily having the complete triad.
A case of acute disseminated encephalomyelitis with convulsion, gait disturbance, facial palsy and multifocal CT lesions; A case of acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) was presented. The patient was a 4-year-old boy with convulsion, ataxic gait, facial palsy. It was postulated that the influenza vaccine might induce the disease in this case. Cranial CT showed a low density area in the right temporal lobe, which disappeared afterwards when other low density areas appeared in the right cerebellar hemisphere and in inner portion of the body of the left lateral ventricle. All symptoms disappeared without therapy and the CT findings improved within three months after onset.
Results of upper lid loading in the treatment of lagophthalmos caused by facial palsy; Upper lid loading by a gold weight has been used satisfactorily to treat 19 cases of lagophthalmos in facial palsy. The technique is simple to perform, produces an acceptable cosmetic and functional result and has a relatively low complication rate.
Herpes zoster oticus: Treatment with intravenous acyclovir; Herpes zoster oticus generally has a poor prognosis, leaving many patients with permanent facial nerve dysfunction. This preliminary report describes results in seven patients treated for zoster; all were given intravenous acyclovir. Patients were infused with 10 mg/kg every 8 hours over a 7-day hospitalization period. Five of the seven patients showed some return of facial function at the time of discharge. At follow-up, 4 patients had achieved a House grade I result, 1 patient a grade II, and 2 patients a grade III. Reasons for the differences in final results are discussed, along with a recommended regimen for treatment.
On the conservative treatment of Bell's palsy; One hundred and nine patients with Bell's palsy (Group A) were treated with a modified method based on Stennert's method between November 1983 and June 1986. The treatment results were compared with those obtained in an earlier group of 224 patients (Group B) treated until October 1983. The recovery rate in Group A was higher than that in Group B, and there were significant differences at 4 months (p<0.05) and at 6 months (p<0.01) after onset.
Effects of Aciclovir in Ramsay Hunt syndrome; Nine patients with Ramsay Hunt syndrome were treated with Aciclovir and the effects of this treatment were observed for 6 months. The results were excellent in 5 cases, fair in 3, and poor in one case. Otalgia and auricular herpes was improved rapidly after the administration of Aciclovir. No severe side effect was observed in this study.
Medical treatment of Bell's palsy. Oral vs. intravenous administration; Infusion therapy using low-molecular dextran in combination with high-dose cortisone was modified from Stennert's original protocol and indicated in 50 cases of Bell's palsy. The effects of infusion were compared with the outcome in 36 cases treated by orally-administered steroids and vasodilators. In the case of incomplete palsy, the recovery rate was excellent regardless of the mode of treatment. If the palsy is not progressive, it is not necessary for patients with this condition to have infusion therapy. In the case of complete palsy, 95% of those with normal nerve excitability (NE) experienced complete recovery when treated by infusion. However, only 71% of this group experienced complete recovery when treated with oral administration. In the group with diminished or absent NE, complete recovery was obtained in 58% of the patients treated with infusion, whereas only 18% recovered completely when given oral administration. Thus, the recovery rate increases sharply in the case of infusion therapy. Therefore, the above-mentioned method of infusion therapy is indicated in cases of complete or progressively incomplete Bell's palsy except in those cases where its use is contra-indicated for some other reason.
Effect of flunarizine on experimentally induced facial nerve injury; The effect of flunarizine, a calcium antagonist, on experimentally induced facial nerve injury in guinea pigs was studied electron microscopically. In flunarizine-untreated animals, intra-axonal accumulation of cell organelles and degradation of myelin sheaths were observed. In flunarizine-treated animals, these changes were not observed, but a knob-like protrusion of myelin sheaths and a structure resembling the myelin sheath in Schwann cell cytoplasm was occasionally observerd.
An animal model of type-1 herpes simplex virus infection of facial nerve; As the pathogenesis of Bell's palsy, herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection has been suggested on the basis of several serological studies. To clarify and analyse the pathogenic mechanisms of this disease, guinea pigs were inoculated with type-1 HSV through natural infection routes into the peripheral areas innervated by facial nerve, and nervous tissues were examined by histopathological and immunohistochemical methods. HSV-I infection in the nasal mucosa, tongue, oral muscles and auricles brought about neither clinical facial palsy nor distured Preyer or corneal reflexes, but viral antigens in the inoculated peripheral areas, facial and trigeminal ganglia and pons with inflammatory cell response, hemorrhages and degeneration and necrosis. Cyclophosphamide treatment resulted in disturbed Preyer and corneal reflexes and enhanced the incidence of antigen appearance and histopathological changes.
Moebus syndrome: apropos of a case; The authors describe one case of Moebius syndrome in a neonate; the syndrome is uncommon. It includes congenital oculofacial palsy and limb malformations; other cranial nerves are sometimes involved. The etiology is unknown: genetic or embryopathic (infection or toxic). Pathogeny is unclear: nervous or muscular aplasia; neurocristopathy or dysgenesis of the two first branchial arches. The treatment is medical and chirurgical.
Anti-herpes IgG and IgG subclass antibodies in Bell's palsy; To ascertain if there is an association between Bell's palsy and infection by viruses of the herpes group, 78 patients and 59 controls were investigated. The specific antiviral IgG subclass pattern in serum against cytomegalovirus (CMV), herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) and varicella zoster virus (VZV) was analysed using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) combined with monoclonal antibodies directed against the four subclasses of human IgG. Additional ELISA assays of IgG and IgM antibodies were also used. The mean titres of IgG antibodies against HSV-1 were higher in the acute and convalescent stages compared with controls. The frequency of values >0.2 for all subclasses was raised in the patients, but not significantly so. The mean values for the subclasses were alike in patients and controls. The mean titres of IgG antibodies against CMV and VZV were similar throughout the palsy and also in controls. In the patients, the pattern of IgG subclasses was different from the controls, but not statistically so. The patients and controls were not seropositive for IgM against CMV and VZV. Four patients in the acute phase, 4 in the convalescent phase and 3 controls were positive for IgM against HSV-1. While the subclass pattern of IgG antibodies against HSV-1 is not diagnostic of reactivation of the virus, the raised IgG antibodies may suggest reactivation of a disease process and/or superadded infection.
A trap associated with parotidectomy: facial nerve tumour; Tumors of the intraparotid facial nerve are rare. They may simulate the more common parotid gland tumors. A correct pre-operative diagnosis is exceptional. They are usually benign, and their treatment is surgical excision, with repair of the facial nerve under microscope if necessary. The authors report one case of neurofibroma of the facial nerve trunk treated by resection and immediate repair by nerve grafting, with good rehabilitation of facial movement.
The neurological complications of Borrelia burgdorferi in the New Forest area of Hampshire; The neurological complications of Borrelia burgdorferi infection have only recently been recognised in the United Kingdom. Eight cases are reported which were all contracted in the New Forest area of Hampshire. The majority of patients had Bannwarth's syndrome though meningism and parenchymal lesions also occurred. All patients made a virtually complete neurological recovery in contrast to some patients with Lyme disease.
Sarcoidosis: current concepts and case reports.; Sarcoidosis is a systemic granulomatous disease of unknown etiology associated with various immune alterations and biochemical changes. This article reports recent advances in the conceptualization of the immune dysfunction with emphasis on helper T-cell overactivity in the lungs. Because 90 percent of patients with sarcoidosis have intrathoracic disease, the mode of presentation, radiographic findings, clinical course, and treatment of pulmonary involvement are discussed. Case reports are used to demonstrate the typical course of the disease and generally favorable outcome of the vast majority of patients seen in the non-referral setting. A rare case of neurosarcoidosis with neuroendocrine features is presented.
Gustatory rhinorrhoea syndrome: result of misreinnervation in leprosy.; A case of excessive rhinorrhoea in response to taste stimulus, due to misdirection of regenerating nerve fibres following recovery of facial nerve in leprosy is described under title of "Gustatory Rhinorrhoea Syndrome". The pathophysiology of such conditions are discussed in the light of available literature.
Idiopathic facial nerve palsy. (The effect of treatment with steroids); Eight hundred and seventy-nine patients with Bell's Palsy were seen over a 10-year period. There was a distinct female preponderance and the peak incidence occurred in the second to fourth decades. There did not appear to be an increased incidence of either hypertension or diabetes but there was a definite increased risk during pregnancy. Half of the patients had an incomplete palsy and they all recovered within a few weeks of onset. Those patients with complete palsy but without evidence of degeneration also all recovered but took longer to do so. If degeneration was evident the chance of recovery was only 50 per cent. Steroids did not appear to influence the outcome of Bell's Palsy.
Necrotizing otitis externa due to Aspergillus in an immunocompetent patient; An 85-year-old, nondiabetic man is described with necrotizing (malignant) otitis externa. The patient developed facial nerve paralysis in the presence of a progressive cellulitis and chondritis of the external auditory meatus. Destruction of the bony meatus and mastoid and obliteration of normal soft-tissue planes at the skull base were documented by computed tomographic scans. Aspergillus fumigatus was isolated from the external meatus and deep tissue specimens. Fungal invasion of bone and soft tissue was confirmed histopathologically. Pseudomonas aeruginosa was never isolated. This case is unusual from both the stand point of etiology and host susceptibility in that the patient had no apparent underlying disease. Amphotericin B and rifampin therapy following radical mastoidectomy halted the progression of disease. Finally, this case illustrates the pitfalls of empiric antibacterial therapy for necrotizing otitis externa without cultural confirmation of the etiologic agent.
Electromyographic rehabilitation of facial function and introduction of a facial paralysis grading scale for hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis; For reinnervation of facial paralysis, the XII-VII nerve anastomosis provides tone and mass contraction but rarely allows selective muscle control. The efficacy of EMG rehabilitation was evaluated in 30 patients who had no coordinated control of facial muscles. EMG signals from bilateral homologous facial muscle sites were converted into computer-compatible waveform traces and displayed on a video monitor. This facilitated modification of neuromuscular responses using behavioral shaping techniques. A six-point Facial Nerve Grading Scale was introduced for hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis to assess the results of EMG rehabilitation. Rehabilitation lasted from 3 to 18 months. Ten patients (33%) achieved the highest possible grading (II) with symmetry and synchrony of function and spontaneity of expression; 17 (57%) reached grade III, which allowed voluntary control of eye and mouth function; 3 (10%) showed minimal gains. It is suggested that neural plasticity allows therapeutic manipulation of central facilitory and inhibitory mechanisms, and possible unmasking of neural connections between the ipsilateral VII and XII nerve motor nuclei which leads to improved facial function.
Incomplete kawasaki disease with facial nerve paralysis and coronary artery involvement; This report should serve to remind physicians of the association of facial nerve paralysis with Kawasaki disease and to encourage them to consider the diagnosis of Kawasaki features of the disease are present. Incomplete Kawasaki disease with facial nerve palsy can be associated with coronary artery involvement.
Granulomatous cheilitis: case report and literature review; We report on a patient with granulomatous cheilitis that responded well to treatment with intralesional steroids and hydroxychloroquine. The topic of cheilitis is reviewed, including the subject of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome.
Evaluation of proximal facial nerve conduction by transcranial magnetic stimulation; A magnetic stimulator was used for direct transcutaneous stimulation of the intracranial portion of the facial nerve in 15 normal subjects and in patients with Bell's palsy, demyelinating neuropathy, traumatic facial palsy and pontine glioma. Compound muscle action potentials (CMAPs) thus elicited in the orbicularis oris muscle of controls were of similar amplitude but longer latency (1.3 SD 0.15 ms) compared with CMAPs produced by conventional electrical stimulation at the stylomastoid foramen. No response to magnetic stimulation could be recorded from the affected side in 15 of 16 patients with Bell's palsy. Serial studies in two patients demonstrated that the facial nerve remained inexcitable by magnetic stimulation despite marked improvement in clinical function. In the patient with a pontine glioma, the CMAP elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation was of low amplitude but normal latency. In six of seven patients with demyelinating neuropathy, the response to intracranial magnetic stimulation was significantly delayed. Magnetic stimulation produced no response in either patient with traumatic facial palsy. Although the precise site of facial nerve stimulation is uncertain, evidence points to labyrinthine segment of the facial canal as the most likely location.
Facial paralysis in newborns and infants. Clinical and therapeutic aspects; Paralysis of the facial nerve in newborns and infants is described with a list of the various types including Bell's idiopathic paralysis, forms caused by congenital malformations and labour traumas, fractures of the temporal bone, tumours, infections and high blood pressure. Current approaches to treatment including physiotherapy, pharmacological and surgical treatment are then described.
Facial nerve paralysis complicating bilateral fractures of the mandible: a case report and review of the literature.; A case report of a unilateral lower motor neurone facial nerve paralysis complicating bilateral fractures of the mandible is described. The injury was the result of a fall. The differential diagnosis is discussed together with the treatment undertaken. The importance of a thorough examination of the cranial nerves following trauma is emphasised. A review of the literature is presented with special reference to the relative merits and indications for the use of cortico-steroids and surgical exploration.
Facial paralysis: Traumatic neuromas vs. facial nerve neoplasms; Traumatic neuromas (TN) are benign proliferations of neural tissue that may occur without disruption of the facial nerve. The clinical presentation, as well as the radiographic appearance, may suggest neoplastic involvement of the facial nerve. Histologically, they may closely resemble neurilemomas (Schwannomas) or neurofibromas. Three cases of TN of the facial nerve associated with facial paralysis are presented here. Unlike previously reported cases, these tumors were not associated with chronic inflammatory middle ear disease. TN must be considered in the differential diagnosis and treatment of facial paralysis.
Vascularized innervated transfer of the clavicular head of the pectoralis major muscle in established facial paralysis; Twenty cadaver dissections of the clavicular head of the pectoralis major muscle were carried out to determine the detailed anatomical arrangement of the vascular and nerve supply, with a view to using this muscle as an independent neuromyovascular unit in the treatment of established facial palsy. In all dissections, the muscle was found to have an independent nerve and vascular supply. A clinical case is reported with anatomical description and essential details of the operative technique. The ideal neuromyovascular unit is briefly described and the advantages of the pectoralis major for this use are illustrated. It is emphasized that limiting the goals of free muscle transfer to reanimation of the lower facial musculature will produce the most satisfactory results.
Tick-borne borreliosis and facial palsy; During a one-year period, 82 consecutive patients seeking medical attention for facial palsy primarily of unknown etiology were examined for underlying Ixodes ricinus-borne borreliosis. Evidence of the infection was found in 16 (20%) of the patients, most of whom had cerebrospinal fluid findings indicating meningeal involvement. Among 9 children included in the study, borreliosis was found in 6 cases. Bilateral facial palsy occurred in 3 of the borrelia-infected patients, as compared with none of the patients without borreliosis. It is suggested that, in areas where the tick vector is present, borreliosis should be regularly sought in patients with facial palsy of otherwise unknown etiology. As regards the serological diagnosis, it is emphasized that normal borrelia antibody titres in serum and cerebrospinal fluid at the time of the first consultation do not exclude the infection. A careful serological follow-up of patients with facial palsy is therefore recommended in order not to miss an underlying borreliosis which, if allowed to go untreated, implies a risk of other organ involvement and a protracted course.
An unusual complication of epistaxis; Ten days after left-sided external carotid artery ligation for control of profuse epistaxis a complete left-sided facial nerve palsy developed in a 25-year-old male. Abnormal bleeding or clotting disorders had been excluded. It is postulated that either thrombosis or embolus obstructed the petrosal branch from the middle meningeal artery on the same side with subsequent ischaemia resulting in nerve degeneration of the intratemporal portion of the facial nerve.
Intraoperative monitoring of facial function; The use of intraoperative facial nerve monitoring (IFNM) represents an attempt to aid the surgeon further in preserving facial nerve function. These measures are designed to enhance visual identification by monitoring electrically and mechanically evoked neural activation. The application of IFNM to neurotological surgery might reasonably be expected to help achieve the following clinical objectives: 1. Assistenace in distinguishing the fcial nerve from regional cranial nerves and from adjacent soft tissue and tumor through the use of selective neural stimulation. 2. Facilitating tumor excision by electrically mapping regions of the tumor not containing the facial nerve. 3. Early detection of surgical trauma to the facial nerve with immediately feedback made available to the surgeon through monitoring of mechanical activation. 4. Confirmation of nerve stimulability at the completion of the procedure in order to prognosticate facial nerve function recovery postoperatively. 5. Identification of the site and degree of neural degeneration in selected patients undergoing nerve exploration for suspected facial nerve neoplasm or decompression for acute facial palsy. The purpose of this article is to provide general guidelines with regard to methods of intraoperative monitoring of facial nerve function and to review illustrative case examples and results of recent investigations of this evolving diagnostic modality.
Lateral sinus thrombosis (A review of 45 cases); Forty-five cases of lateral sinus thrombosis were recorded in King Edward VIII Hospital from 1978 to 1984. Eighty-two per cent of the patients were under the age of 15 years. Associated complications recorded were: 9 patients with meningitis, 4 with posterior-fossa abscess, 1 patient suffering from posterior fossa empyema; 4 presented with facial palsy and 1 with tuberculous mastoiditis. Four deaths were recorded. Findings at mastoidectomy showed a prevalence of infective granulations (60 per cent) over cholesteatoma (40 per cent) as a cause of the extension of infection. The surgical protocol for the management of lateral sinus thrombosis was mastoidectomy, needling the sinus and removal of the thrombus, if necessary. Medical treatment consisted of Ampicillin and Metronidozol.
A review of the published data on steroids and idiopathic facial paralysis; Ever since idiopathic facial paralysis (IFP) was first described, several treatments have been tried in an effort to influence early and full recovery. Unfortunately, none of these treatments was effective. After Rothendler's case description in 1951, a multitude of papers have appeared that evaluate the effectiveness of steroids in idiopathic facial paralysis. My presentation reflects a close evaluation of 94 of these papers. Only a few properly controlled, randomized, prospective studies were available. Their main conclusion was that steroid treatment was not more beneficial than conventional treatment. To the contrary, several other less valid prospective and retrospective studies suggest that steroid treatment is beneficial. The definitive, statistically valid study concerning the benefits of steroids in treatment of idiopathic facial paralysis has yet to be performed. Until then, treatment of idiopathic facial paralysis continues to be controversial.
Botulinum Toxin A induced protective ptosis; Botulinum Toxin A injected into the levator palpebrae superioris produces a flaccid ptosis of the upper lid and provides a safe and effective protection for the cornea to aid healing in indolent ulceration or as prophylaxis when there is fifth or seventh cranial nerve damage. Fifteen patients have recieved this treatment. Levator paresis, producing ptosis for a mean of 2-3 weeks and recovering in a mean of 8.1 weeks was successfully produced in all patients and complete corneal healing was produced in 80% of patients. The major side effect was weakness of the superior rectus muscle which occurred in 80% of cases and lasted a mean of 6 weeks.
Primary procedures in facial nerve surgery; Anterior to a vertical line across the lateral angle of the eyelids it is not mandatory to restore the continuity of a single transected branch of the facial nerve. The marginal branch of a facial nerve has always to be restored and a repair has to be performed if several neighbouring facial nerves are involved. A primary repair is indicated because only at the day of injury and a few days after, before Wallerian degeneration occurs, the localization of the peripheral stump by electrostimulation is possible. In the middle third of the extratemporal course of the facial nerve each branch has to be repaired and primary repair is advocated. If the main trunk of the facial nerve is involved, early secondary repair by a surgeon experienced with facial nerve surgery is the treatment of choice.
Diabetes mellitus in elderly patients. Is it different?; Diabetes mellitus in elderly patients is exceedingly common, with a prevalence in the United States of 6.9 percent in men older than 65 years and 8.9 percent in women older thant 65. Among persons older than 80, 16 to 20 percent have diabetes mellitus. The National Nursing Home Survey estimated that 14.5 percent of nursing home residents have diabetes mellitus. In the United Kingdom, two thirds of all diabetic patients who are hospitalized are older than 65 years. Diabetes mellitus is often missed in the elderly, as demonstrated by a screening program in a Canadian old people's home, where 32 percent of the residents were reclassified as diabetic over a three-year period. Furthermore, diabetic residents of nursing homes have a higher rate of hospitalization for diabetic complications compared with ambulatory diabetic patients older than 65. Thus, diabetes mellitus represents one of the major chronic disorders of the growing elderly population. Despite these impressive numbers, little attention has been paid to the special needs of elderly diabetic patients.
A case of cleidocranial dysostosis associated with arachnoid cyst; Cleidocranial dysostosis (CCD) is a rare congenital disorder characterized by the heredity, the disturbance of the ossification of the skull and clavicles, and dental anomaly. The entity of CCD was established by Marie and Sainton in 1898. In Japan about 150 cases have been reported since Haneda's first report in 1933. Recently we experienced a rare case of CCD associated with the temporal arachnoid cyst. The patient was a 61-year-old male who had suffered from mild spastic paresis of the left upper extremity since his childhood. One morning he suddenly noticed motor weakness of the left upper and lower extremities and was transferred to our hospital. On admission we observed the left hemiparesis (MMT 3/5), the left central type facial palsy, and the left long tract signs. Physical examination disclosed frontal bossing, depression of the forehead, sloped shoulders, cone-shaped thorax, and thoracic scoliosis. Plain skull radiograph showed persistent metopic suture and frontal fontanelle, many wormian bones around coronal and lambdoid sutures. Plain radiographs of the systemic bones also showed typical features of CCD such as dysplasia of the lateral third of the bilateral clavicles, deformities of the cervical vertebral bodies, thoracic scoliosis, and wide symphysis. CT scan disclosed the right putaminal hemorrhage, the right temporal arachnoid cyst, enlargement of the right middle fossa, thinning of the temporal bone adjacent to the arachnoid cyst. It also showed the atrophy of the right cerebral peduncle and midbrain. Surgical treatment was performed to remove the hematoma and release the cyst. Several neurological disorders associated with CCD have been reported such as epilepsy, mental retardation, spastic paresis etc.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Facio-facial anastomosis. A new possibility of treating facial nerve damage; The author describes a new method of treatment of facial nerve palsy, that is facio-facial anastomosis. The procedure includes a microsurgical anastomosis of the peripheral branches of the healthy facial nerve with the corresponding peripheral parts of the frontotemporal, zygomatic, buccal and mandibular branches of the paralyzed nerve. The early results demonstrate a good effect of the method.
Chemical embolization using conjugated estrogen - A clinical study of 40 cases; For the treatment of dural arteriovenous malformation (AVM), meningioma and other external carotid lesions, a method of chemical embolization using a conjugated estrogen is reported. A total of 40 cases were treated, including 11 cases of dural AVM, 20 cases of meningioma and 9 other cases such as of skull tumor, aneurysmal bone cyst, nasopharyngeal tumor, traumatic AV fistula, scalp AVM and venous angioma of the scalp. The conjugated estrogen was administered continuously through a cannula inserted into the external carotid artery. For venous angioma of the scalp, it was injected directly into the lesion. Disappearance or reduction of the abnormal vasculature of the lesion and/or the feeding arteries was confirmed on angiograms in 9 of 11 cases (81.9%) of dural AVM, in 17 of 20 cases (85%) of meningioma and in all cases of other external carotid lesions. Diminution of enhancement on CT scan was obtained in 8 of 20 cases (40%) of meningioma and in 6 of 7 cases (85.7%) of other external carotid lesions. There has been no recurrence of the dural AVM as long as 10 years. Eighteen cases of meningioma were operated on, and in 16 cases the lesion was totally removed without massive hemorrhage. In 2 cases of skull tumor and a case of nasopharyngeal tumor as well, the lesions were totally removed. Complications in 40 cases were as follows: parotitis in 17 cases, liver dysfunction in 3 cases, and each of gynecomastia, facial palsy, trismus and convulsion in one case. All of them cleared up after the interruption or reduction of administration of the conjugated estrogen. Serious complications were not recognized. Advantages of chemical embolization and mechanism of action of the conjugated estrogen were discussed.
Facial paralysis; In this article I will discuss peripheral facial paralysis of nontraumatic origin only. The term idiopathic facial paralysis is used generically, in place of the often ambiguously used term, Bell's palsy, to indicate all types of peripheral facial palsy/paralysis for which no cause is apparent. Included herein is a brief resume of the pertinent anatomy and pathophysiology, a synopsis of etiologic considerations, and a discussion of current therapeutic options. Written as a review, this article is aimed at practitioners of otolaryngology, neurology, and neurosurgery with the hope that it will be of value to them in caring for their patients.
Bell's palsy: factors affecting the prognosis in 200 patients with reference to hypertension and diabetes mellitus.; In an effort to refine and amplify the basis for clinical prognosis in Bell's palsy, 14 factors in a clinical study were analysed. From the results, it is still impossible to make a certain prognosis of recovery in the individual patient. However, it is obvious that, based on degree of paresis on assessment, and to a lesser degree the MAP value, at least a quantitative statement can be made.
Neuroparalytic keratitis and the effect of cervical sympathectomy following operative procedures for trigeminal neuralgia; A study of 248 patients who underwent operative procedures for trigeminal neuralgia over a nineteen year period is presented, with particular reference to those who developed neuroparalytic keratitis to see if cervical sympathectomy had any protective effect on the cornea. 51 patients underwent cervical sympathectomy, 46 as a prophylactic procedure, and 5 as a treatment for neuroparalytic keratitis. Of these patients 3 (5,9%) developed neuroparalytic keratitis, but 2 of them had had an inadequate sympathectomy. Forty seven patients who did not undergo cervical sympathectomy had either an anaesthetic cornea or a reduced corneal reflex, and of these 11 (23,4%) developed neuroparalytic keratitis. An adequate cervical sympathectomy therefore appears to have a protective effect on the cornea against the development of neuroparalytic keratitis.
Surgical treatment of Bell's palsy.; In 17 patients with Bell's palsy not treated or not responding to conservative therapy, vertical and horizontal decompressions were performed between days 7 and 10, relying primarily on the findings of neuromyography. Four patients (23.5%) recovered fully. Further 35 patients were operated after the regeneration period for absence of reinnervation signs between the 3rd to 6th months. An unusually marked and rapid improvement was noted in a 20-year-old female patient. In a 49-year-old male patient a neurinoma was found on the tympanal section of the facial nerve. Residual symptoms were significantly milder after early and late decompressions compared to spontaneous recovery of paralysis associated with total degeneration. There was no difference between the two operated groups.
Otolaryngologic features of craniometaphyseal dysplasia; Craniometaphyseal dysplasia, one of several rare familial systemic bone disorders of the osteopetrosis bone-disease group, is characterized by abnormal bony thickening of the skull and multiple cranial neuropathies. Hearing loss, commonly of a mixed type, is the usual symptom presented to the otolaryngologist-head and neck surgeon; however, recurring facial paralysis, blindness, and atypical facies may also be noted. A case of bilateral facial nerve dysfunction in a neonate, the offspring of a thoroughly studied kindred with known craniometaphyseal dysplasia, is presented. The clinical and radiographic features of the disorder are discussed, including an outline of the operative management of facial paralysis.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Two patients were referred to the University of South Florida College of Medicine Allergy and Immunology Clinic for evaluation of 'angioedema'. Patient 1 presented with intermittent severe lip edema, and patient 2 presented with lip and facial swelling together with facial palsy. Multiple symptomatic treatments had been ineffective. Both patients were ultimately found to have Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, a rare granulomatous disorder of undetermined cause that must be considered in a differential diagnosis of facial edema. The patients are presented in detail to call attention to the diagnosis of the condition in order than unnecessary treatment, with attendant side effects, may be avoided.
The use of expanded polytetrafluorothylene (Gore-Tex(TM) E-PTFE Soft Tissue Patch) in suspensions of former facial paralysis and as a reconstructive substance; The insertion of autogenous fascia lata to suspend the paralyzed cheek and lips remains one of the most widely practiced procedures in correction of long term paralysis of the lower facial muscles. For 34 months we used thin layers (1mm) of expanded polytetrafluoroethylene (E-PTFE Gore-Iex Soft Tissue Patch) to replace autogenous fascia lata, in 20 patients, with satisfactory results. 13 patients were treated by classical techniques of insertion-suspensions of the paralyzed side with a perioral loop and slings of PTFE suspended to the zygomatic arch and the infraorbital rim, by way of nasolabial angle or rhytidectomy incisions. In 7 patients, an eyelid suspension was performed with PTFE by Arion's technique, but by replacing the classical silicon thread by E-PTFE and transposing the medial part of the temporalis muscle on the external canthus, and fixing the lateral end of the sling to the muscle. This technique assures a good corneal coverage with healing of the previous ulceration and allows a voluntary occlusion of the eyelids. The PTFE soft tissue is notably succesful as an implant. This biocompatible material shows excellent tissue tolerance, the porous microstructure encouraging tissue attachment and infiltration. E.-PTFE holds its shape, resists to infection, and permits a notable reduction of the hospitalization because it avoids a second surgical site. We have experience of the material as a reconstructive substance in 6 cases of either bone or subcutaneous deficits, where no other satisfactory solution was available. In these cases our follow-up is 18 months.
Complicated cholesteatomas: CT findings in inner ear complications of middle ear cholesteatomas; Patients with facial palsy and middle ear disease, which may be chronic but clinically occult, may have a cholesteatoma with extension medially along the facial canal. In two patients, axial computed tomographic (CT) scans demonstrated involvement of the medial petrous bone. Patients with vertigo and chronic middle ear disease may have a cholesteatoma with a 'fistula' between the middle and inner ears. Although the fistula usually involves the lateral semicircular canal, the cholesteatoma may pass through the oval window. In two patients, coronal CT scans showed extension to the oval window in one and through it in the other.
Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia complicated by recurrent Bell's palsy; A patient who presented with a transient right-sided Bell's palsy (lower motor neurone lesion of the facial nerve) and chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) is described. During the following 5 years whilst receiving intermittent treatment for her CLL, the patient experienced two further episodes of Bell's palsy, one on the right side and the other left-sided. Each episode completely resolved. This is the first reported case of recurrent Bell's palsy complicating CLL.
Efficacy of surgical treatment for paralytic ectropion; Paralytic ectropion can be corrected with numerous procedures. Advocates of particular procedures have prevously been unable to quote statistical rates of success for each procedure over significant lengths of time. This study reviews over 200 cases of paralytic ectropion, representing the spectrum of seventh nerve disease seen at an eye and ear specialty hospital and a general medical facility. Of all eyelid implantation devices 93 to 95% failed to work or needed reoperation by 3 years postoperatively. Soft tissue surgery without prosthetic implants or exoplants provided 60% success after a 3-year follow-up. Eyelid elevation or tightening coupled with surgery for facial reanimation produced a higher rate of success at 3 years (83%). An overwhelming number of patients (62%) complained of some degree of epiphora after any or all procedures. Based on these findings, soft tissue surgery without prosthetic implants or exoplants has a higher rate of success.
Glomus jugulare tumour masquerading as 'idiopathic' facial nerve palsy; Glomus jugulare tumours are the commonest example of the otherwise rare group of tumours (paragangliomas) arising from chemoreceptor areas of the carotid body, jugulare bulb, and promontory of the middle ear. They generally arise from the dome of the jugular bulb and are usually slowly growing benign tumours that penetrate the surrounding structures. Typically these tumours cause dysfunction of the lower four cranial nerves and the ear (jugular foramen syndrome). The signs and symptoms are well documented in several studies (Cole, 1977; Ghan et al., 1983). Facial nerve involvement is usually late. We report a case where the tumour presented solely as a facial palsy.
Minor trauma, disastrous results; An 81-year-old-woman developed a right facial palsy and orbital cellulitis following an apparently innocuous puncture injury of the right lower eyelid. Generalized tetanus ensued which proved fatal despite aggressive treatment including use of tetanus immune globulin, wound debridement, and neuromuscular blockade with ventilatory assistance. Tetanus immunization status should be ascertained in all patients with potentially contaminated wounds in and around the eye. Cephalic tetanus, may be misleading initially because of the presence of cranial nerve palsies and the absence of classic signs such as trismus and risus sardonicus.
Bilateral facial paralysis as the sole presenting feature of sarcoidosis: Report of a case; The following is a case of a 32-year-old patient who presented with bilateral facial paralysis as the sole manifestation of sarcoidosis. Her initial physical examination failed to reveal any other clinical evidence of sarcoidosis. Her chest x-ray and laboratory studies were normal, with the exception of a mild cerebrospinal fluid pleocytosis and mildly elevated protein. The patient initially improved on a short course of corticosteroid therapy only to relapse after corticosteroids were withheld. Within 5 weeks she had signs and symptoms, chest x-ray findings and laboratory abnormalities consistent with the diagnosis of sarcoidosis. The diagnosis was confirmed by parotid gland biopsy. The patient made substantial improvement on corticosteroid therapy.
Uncommon manifestations of histiocytosis X.; Histiocytosis X is a group of disorders of uncertain etiology with a variety of manifestations that are usually related to the age of the patient. Treatment consists of local curettage, irradiation and chemotherapy. The prognosis depends on the systems involved. The oral and perioral tissues are occasionally involved and often lead to the diagnosis. We report a case with spinal cord involvement and a case of facial nerve paralysis secondary to involvement of the petrosal bone. Also included is a case of involvement of the mandibular condyle.
Lyme arthritis in children. An orthopaedic perspective; The cases of forty-three children with clinical and serological evidence of Lyme arthritis that was diagnosed between August 1983 and July 1985 were evaluated. The mean length of follow-up was twenty months, with a range of five to thirty months. All of the children lived in or had visited an area where the disease was known to be endemic. Arthritis was the presenting feature in more than half of the children, and half of the children had initially consulted an orthopaedic surgeon, none of whom made the correct diagnosis. Only twenty patients had a history of erythema chronicum migrans, the characteristic rash that precedes the arthritis, and for only nineteen children was there any recollection of having been bitten by a tick. Three patients had Bell palsy and one had a popliteal cyst in conjunction with the arthritis. All of the patients had oligoarticular involvement. The knee was involved in all but two patients. Recurrent attacks of synovitis were common. Effusion was the only radiographic abnormality that was observed, and it was found in thirty-two patients. The sedimentation rate was elevated in thirty of thirty-six patients. Immunofluorescent serology for Lyme disease, which is sensitive and specific, was uniformly positive. Of thirty-three patients who were treated with oral administration of penicillin or tetracycline alone, thirty-one responded, while two patients who had recurrent attacks of the disease responded to parenteral administration of antibiotics. The remaining ten patients responded to combinations of orally and parenterally administered antibiotics. Longer follow-up is needed to further document the apparently low rate of relapse after antibiotic therapy in this young population.
Idiopathic facial nerve paralysis (Bell's palsy) in late pregnancy and the early puerperium; We describe seven patients with idiopathic facial (VII) nerve palsy commencing primarily in late pregnancy or in the immediate postpartum period. One patient had recurrent Bell's palsy in three consecutive pregnancies. Three women developed bilateral palsy. The occurrence of such otherwise rare manifestations of Bell's palsy supports the suggestion that physiologic changes occurring in late pregnancy or the immediate puerperium predispose to Bell's palsy.
The ultrastructure of normal and denervated human facial muscle; The ultrastructure of normal human facial muscles from 25 nonparalytic and 17 paralytic patients revealed normal features in nondenervated human facial muscles, identical to the fine structure of other normal human and mammalian cross-striated muscle fibers. However, in denervated facial muscle, a broad spectrum of ultrastructural lesions had affected sarcomeres, abnormal inclusions, and organelles. A large variety of inclusion bodies, some of which have not been described, were also found. The spectrum of ultrastructural changes showed no dependence on the length of the denervation period. There were no inclusion bodies in all the normal facial muscle biopsies. To our knowledge, this study represents the first systematic electron microscopic investigation of normal and denervated human facial muscles.
Primary neoplasms of the facial nerve; A series of 30 primary facial nerve tumors is reviewed. Most of them were benign (n = 26); there were four malignant tumors. Neoplasms originating within the temporal bone were found to have preoperative facial paralysis in 84 percent of cases; the extracranial tumors had a 35 percent incidence of preoperative facial paralysis. All tumors in this series were treated surgically - by means of a middle fossa or transmastoid approach for the intratemporal group of tumors; the extracranial tumors were removed by the technique of parotid tumor surgery with complete facial nerve dissection. All the patients with preoperative facial weakness required facial nerve transection. Facial paralysis was rehabilitated with nerve grafts, hypoglossal crossover, or muscle transfers. Because 'normal' facial expression is still not attainable following repair of complete facial nerve transection, an early diagnosis, hopefully prior to local neurotmesis, is essential. All patients with unexplained facial weakness, especially that which is progressive and persistent, should have the entire course of the facial nerve investigated for the possibility of treatable etiology.
Bilateral facial nerve palsy: A case study and literature review; Facial diplegia is a rare clinical finding and can be the presenting complaint in a wide spectrum of diseases. This paper describes a case of bilateral facial palsy occurring in a diabetic patient. Electroneurographic studies demonstrated severe acute denervation of both facial nerves and a widespread polyneuropathy. A gallium scan revealed hilar and paratracheal lymphadenopathy. Heerfordt's syndrome was suspected; however, histological confirmation of sarcoidosis has not been obtained. The patient was treated with high dose steroid therapy and has made an almost complete recovery after six months. A review of the literature is discussed with particular reference to the differential diagnosis in this patient.
A technique for fabrication of a cheek recontouring prosthesis.; A technique has been described for fabrication of a removable prosthesis that restores proper cheek contour. This prosthesis is a modified removable partial denture with a retentive surface to hold an acrylic resin bolus to recontour the cheek from within. The advantages of such a prosthesis for the patient with facial nerve paralysis include restoration of fullness and proper contour to the cheek (Figs. 7 and 8), prevention of trauma to the buccal mucosa during mastication, and stretching of the cheek, which indirectly improves oral hygiene in the buccal sulcus. The disadvantages of this technique include limited improvement in esthetic and functional contour of the cheek, and food accumulation beneath the acrylic resin bolus, which requires more meticulous hygiene.
Involvement of Borrelia burgdorferi in cranial nerve affection.; From January 1984 to August 1985 54 patients presented with cranial nerve lesions at the neurological department of the University hospital Innsbruck. Median age was 42 years, range 5-81 years. Female male ratio was 49/15. In 17 patients cranial neuritis was consistent with meningopolyneuritis Bannwarth (MPN) in 37 cases mere facial palsy was present. Cranial neuritis in MPN-patients affected N. facilis in 10, N. opticus and N. oculo-motorius in one case each. Five patients had polyneuritis cranialis with affection of the cranial nerves II, V, VI, VII, VIII, and IX (Table 1). IgG-antibodies to B. burgdorferi were found in the sera of all MPN patients and in 15 of cases with mere facial palsy. Patients with antibodies to B. burgdorferi were treated with intravenous penicillin and latamoxef dinatrium. The remaining 22 patients were treated with vitamin B compound and corticosteroids. The time for full recovery was 4 weeks on the average in each treatment group.
Neurologic complications of erythema-migrans-disease in childhood--clinical aspects.; Erythema-migrans-disease represents a tick-borne borreliosis with a high and widespread incidence according to first epidemiological surveys. The early symptom is a distinctive erythema migrans eventually followed by arthritis and cardiac involvement as well as neurologic complications in the form of lymphocytic meningoradiculitis Garin-Bujadoux-Bannwarth. In a one-year-period we observed 9 children who developed neurologic complications as the predominant feature of erythema-migrans-disease. Eight children suffered from a lymphocytic meningitis and/or a peripheral facial palsy and one child presented with a severe polyradiculoneuritis with complete transverse myelitis. In contrast to adults the clinical course of neurologic manifestations in children seems to be milder and shorter and not associated with the typical painful radiculitis. Acute Bell's palsy seems to be a rather common symptom, whereas other peripheral pareses of the mononeuritis multiplex type were not observed. With respect to the assumed frequency and because of the possibility of antibiotic therapy, erythema-migrans-disease should be ruled out in any case of so-called idiopathic facial palsy or aseptic meningitis, which are frequently encountered in children.
Tick-borne Borrelia-meningitis in children. An outbreak in the Kalmar area during the summer of 1984; Nine children, aged 5 to 11 years, with subacute or chronic meningitis were studied. Symptoms started during the summer season in all patients and in eight of the patients the disease began with a localized erythematous lesion (ECM), mostly in the face. In one patient only there was a history of an insect bite at the site of the erythema. The neurological abnormalities included aseptic meningitis, peripheral facial nerve palsy (5/9) and oculomotor nerve palsy (1/9). Most children complained of headache, fatigue, loss of appetite and had a low grade fever. High antibody titers to Borrelia spirochetes in serum and/or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were demonstrated by ELISA in eight of the nine patients and by indirect immunofluorescence assay (IFA) in three patients. All patients had a dramatic improvement in their general condition and became afebrile within three days of institution of i.v. penicillin G treatment (i.v. cefuroxime in one patient).
High-resolution computed tomography of peripheral facial paralysis; High resolution computer tomographic examinations of the petrous bones were performed on 19 patients with confirmed peripheral facial nerve paralysis. High resolution CT provides accurate information regarding the extent, and usually regarding the type, of pathological process; this can be accurately localised with a view to possible surgical treatment. The examination also differentiates this from idiopathic paresis, which showed no radiological changes. Destruction of the petrous bone, without facial nerve symptoms, makes early suitable treatment mandatory.
Poorly differentiated fibrosarcoma (spindle cell sarcoma) involving the temporal bone; A case of metastatic fibrosarcoma of the temporal bone was studied histopathologically. The primary site of this tumor was the posterior neck region. The initial major symptom of the patient was a left facial nerve paralysis. Although the patient underwent a suboccipital posterior craniectomy, radio-, and chemotherapy, she eventually died from multiple metastases. Histological examination of the temporal bones showed an extensive tumor invasion in the external auditory canal, middle ear cavity, middle ear muscle, tympanic membrane, mastoid cavity, petrous apex, facial nerve, and superior division (distal segment) of the vestibular nerve (left ear). The route from the stylomastoid foramen to the superior division of the vestibular nerve via the facial nerve canal could be one of the possible passages of tumor invasion.
Cohort study of silastic obstetric vacuum cup deliveries: II. Unsuccessful vacuum extraction; In a cohort analysis of Silastic vacuum extractor deliveries, 65% were completed with the vacuum extractor alone, 24% with outlet forceps, 3% with midforceps, and 7% with cesarean section (vacuum extractor-cesarean). Control groups were formed by using the next sequential forceps delivery, spontaneous vaginal delivery, and every second cesarean section after a trial of labor. The infants were examined using a neurobehavioral scale, an encephalopathy assessment, cranial ultrasound, and indirect ophthalmoscopy. In the combined vacuum extractor and forceps delivery subgroup (vacuum extractor-forceps), all but 3% were converted from a high mid-forceps delivery to outlet forceps by the initial vacuum extractor procedure, thus eliminating many difficult midforceps deliveries. The study yielded no significant difference in maternal morbidity between vacuum extractor-forceps and forceps delivery, no difference in vaginal trauma for vacuum extractor-cesarean versus vacuum extractor delivery, and no greater hospital stay, infection rate, or need for transfusion for either vacuum extractor-forceps versus forceps delivery or vacuum extractor-cesarean versus cesarean delivery. Neonatal morbidity did not differ between successful and unsuccessful trial of vacuum extractor, except for an increased frequency of retinal hemorrhage. The frequency of scalp trauma, including cephalohematoma, did not differ between vacuum extractor-forceps and forceps delivery, or between vacuum extractor-cesarean and vacuum extractor delivery. For vacuum extractor-forceps versus forceps delivery and vacuum extractor-cesarean versus cesarean section, there were no significant differences in neurobehavioral or encephalopathy scores, or in the frequency of neonatal jaundice, facial palsy, anemia, fractures, or mortality. Clinical or ultrasound evidence of intracranial hemorrhage was not found in any subject. These findings suggest that a trial of Silastic vacuum extractor delivery adds no significant morbidity to mother or infant and may avoid a difficult midforceps delivery or cesarean section.
Value of vestibular neurectomy using the suprapetrosal approach in the treatment of Menière's disease; Results of a suprapetrosal approach to vestibular neurectomy for the treatment of Meniere's disease in 60 patients between 1974 and 1984 (ORL clinic, Lille) demonstrated the benign nature of the operation and its efficacy (94.5% recovery rate). However, deafness is in no way altered, there is a relatively high risk of severe paralysis (3 patients--approximately 5%) and sequelae consist of typical facial hemispasm. The operation should be reserved for patients with severe Meniere's disease resistant to medical treatment. It is a difficult surgical procedure requiring a minutiose technique with identification of all guides described in the literature (blue line of superior semicircular canal and angle of Fisch, petrosal nerves, superior petrosal sinus). This operation is preferred to that of other approaches (retrolabyrinthic and retrosigmoid), since section of vestibular nerves in the pontocerebellar angle involves a greater theoretical vital risk (particularly by possible lesion of the vascular system of cerebellar arteries) and a risk of postoperative liquorrhea. Long-term risks are dominated by onset of bilateralization of the disease, an event which is however only moderately frequent (10% of patients).
Steroid withdrawal psychosis in a patient with closed head injury; An 18-year-old student sustained a basilar skull fracture and seventh cranial nerve paralysis from a car-pedestrian accident. In the emergency room she scored 12 on the Glasgow Coma Scale. Dexamethasone 16 mg/day was administered in an attempt to reverse the facial palsy. After a 14-day course of therapy, the corticosteroid was abruptly withdrawn over a 24-hour period. On the day the dexamethasone was discontinued, the patient became severely depressed and developed an organic psychosis that persisted for ten weeks, necessitating psychiatric hospitalization. Psychopharmacologic therapy was required to control her mental symptoms. After discharge from the psychiatric hospitalization, she participated in a cognitive retraining program for closed head injury patients and soon thereafter returned to her studies. A possible explanation for this patient's organic psychosis was the abrupt withdrawal of steroid therapy. Alternate etiologies include the closed head injury and reactive psychosis. Comparison of this patient's symptoms with other cases of steroid psychosis showed similarities in time of onset, presentation of symptoms, and duration of psychosis. The use of steroids in closed head injury patients for the reduction of cerebral edema, is an important indication; however, adverse reactions such as psychoses can be prevented by slow withdrawal of the drug. Physiatrists should be aware of the possibility of withdrawal psychoses as a result of steroid therapy in closed head injury patients.
Lyme disease in Swiss pediatric patients; Lyme disease in children is studied in the light of questionnaires sent out twice to departments and divisions of pediatrics in Switzerland. Thirty-six serologically proven cases were collected. The 48 clinical signs attributed to Lyme disease involved the skin in 40%, the nervous system in 40%, and the joints in 20%. They were erythema chronicum migrans (13), lymphocytoma (4), acrodermat itis chronica atrophicans (2), peripheral facial palsy (14), sensomotor radiculoneuritis (2), meningoencephalitis (3) and arthritis (10, 7 of which were monoarthritic). Only half the patients had a history of tick-bite. Antibiotic therapy, usually with penicillin, reduced both the duration of symptoms and frequency of secondary disease. Cardiac involvement and chronic stages with residua were not observed in this series.
Electrical restoration of the blink reflex in experimentally induced facial paralysis; Unilateral facial paralysis is a relatively common problem encountered in clinical practice. Although the etiology of unilateral facial paralysis can be manifold, the resultant pathology is invariably the same. Unilateral facial paralysis is more than a physiologic and anatomic problem, it can be psychologically devastating. The irreversibly paralyzed face represents an extremely complex problem that cannot be satisfactorily corrected by any available technique at the present time. Ideally, one would achieve normal appearance at rest and symmetry for voluntary and involuntary movements. The most significant complication of facial paralysis is loss of the blink reflex, which may result in conjunctivitis, keratitis and, in extreme cases, loss of vision. None of the presently available surgical procedures can restore the involuntary blink. This study attempts to record the EMG activity of the nonparalyzed obicularis oculi muscle in the canine model and uses this electrical event to trigger a muscle stimulator resulting in contraction of the paralyzed obicularis oculi muscle. Our experiences have shown that it is feasible to restore a functionally symmetric blink in a unilaterally paralyzed obicularis oculi muscle by using the electrical activity of the opposite muscle as a trigger. This technique may also be applicable to the management of other unilaterally paralyzed facial muscles.
Management of facial palsy caused by birth trauma; We present a newborn with a unilateral complete facial palsy caused by birth trauma, and discuss the differential diagnosis, pathophysiology, and management of this common, usually benign, condition. This child made a rapid, complete, spontaneous recovery despite a severe initial injury. Surgical exploration of the facial nerve should be considered only for infants with complete paralysis, clinically and electrophysiologically, who demonstrate no improvement by 5 weeks of age.
Central nervous system toxicity with fludarabine; A serious delayed neurotoxicity marked by encephalopathy and cortical blindness has occurred in patients treated with fludarabine. This toxicity had only been reported in patients receiving high doses (ie, aplasia-inducing). We describe a similar subacute neurological deterioration occurring in two patients, including one who received only low doses of this agent. Neurologic vulnerability to low doses of fludarabine may be multifactorial and at present cannot be predicted. Continued caution in the use of this new antineoplastic agent is appropriate.
Successful treatment of facial paralysis with acupuncture; Facial paralysis is a complex treatment problem. The author has developed some innovative treatment techniques based on the Chain Relationship of Nerve Centers, Body Surfaces and International Organs, which is also known as the Meridian Theory of Nerve Reaction. Using this theory and depending upon the pathological anatomy and disturbed physiology of the neurologic lesion, various new acupuncture points, the 'Proper Union Points' and other sites are used to succesfully treat this affliction.
Acute mastoiditis. Diagnosis and complications; Thirty children with acute mastoiditis were identified over a 12-year-period and their hospital records were reviewed retrospectively. All had abnormal tympanic membranes and 26 (87%) had swelling above or posterior to the ear that deviated the pinna. Findings on mastoid roentgenograms included clouding (n = 12) and osteitis (n = 7); six were normal. From 13 patients, bacteria were recovered from normally sterile sites and included Pneumococcus (n = 5), group A streptococcus (n = 3), Haemophilus (n = 2), and anaerobes (n = 3). Complications occurred in 13 children, including subperiosteal abscess (n = 7), meningitis (n = 4), osteitis (n = 7), facial palsy (n = 1), and subdural empyema and brain abscess (n = 1). Four of the six children with neurological complications had no external signs of acute mastoiditis on physical examination. Overall, 19 (63%) of the children recovered without mastoidectomy. We conclude that children without meningitis or subperiosteal abscess may be treated initially with antimicrobial therapy plus myringotomy. The need for mastoidectomy should be reassessed in children who fail to respond in 24 to 48 hours.
Incidence, clinical features, and prognosis in Bell's palsy, Rochester, Minnesota, 1968-1982; The average annual incidence of Bell's palsy per 100,000 population in Rochester, Minnesota, for 1968 through 1982 was 25.0 for both sexes combined; crude rates for males and females were 22.8 and 26.9, respectively, based on 85 males and 121 females. The relationship between various clinical features, patient characteristics, and the type of recovery was analyzed. In 206 patients, 28 (14%) experienced incomplete recovery and 178 (86%) had complete recovery, based on evidence in the medical records. Using logistic regression, complete facial weakness, non-ear pain, and hypertension were identified as the most important risk factors for incomplete recovery. Patients were divided into two groups for comparison of treatment results; one group (n = 94) was without any of the three identified risk factors, and the other group (n = 112) consisted of patients who had one or more risk factors. Results suggested that among the latter group, those treated with steroids fared better than those in any of the other treatment groups.
Evoked electromyography in Bell's palsy: A clinically useful test?; One hundred and forty-four patients presenting with a Bell's palsy were seen at Sunnybrook Medical Centre, University of Toronto, between the years 1978 and 1985. Only patients with a complete paralysis and not treated with either steroids or surgical decompression of the facial nerve were included in the study. The results of electrical tests performed on days 8, 9 or 10 after the onset of paralysis in 23 patients were used to predict clinical recovery at 12 weeks, six months and 12 months. There was good statistical correlation for values of conduction latency and amplitude with good clinical recovery after 12 weeks (p = 0.01). Electrical tests could not be used to predict clinical recovery at six months and at 12 months. The rationale for any surgical intervention based on the results of electrical tests is questioned.
A combination of cranial and peripheral nerve palsies in infectious mononucleosis; A 44 year old woman presented with bilateral brachial neuritis and an isolated Bell's palsy. Subsequently she was found to have infectious mononucleosis. The association of cranial and brachial neuropathy has not previously been reported. Without any specific drug therapy she recovered completely within 5 months.
Acute myelogenous leukemia presenting as facial nerve palsy. A case report; A case is presented of a 5.5-year-old girl admitted with acute mastoiditis and facial nerve palsy. The final diagnosis of leukemic infiltration of the mastoid bone, middle ear and VIIth cranial nerve was made only after surgery and histological examination. Similar cases described in the English literature are reviewed and treatment is discussed. Chemotherapy or combined chemo- and radiotherapy are the treatment of choice in known leukemic patients without symptoms of superimposed infection of the ear or the mastoid process. Surgical management is restricted to cases in which tissue for histological diagnosis or drainage of acute infection is needed.
Seventh-nerve palsy and hepatitis associated with nitrofurantoin; Adverse hepatic reactions to nitrofurantoin therapy are well reported and range from acute cholestatic or hepatitic injury to chronic active hepatitis. Neurological side-effects, predominantly sensorimotor peripheral polyneuropathy, have also been documented. We report the first case of combined neurological and hepatic reaction to nitrofurantoin; this occurred during repeated treatment with the drug.
Immune reactivity in Bell's palsy; Although the pathogenesis of acute facial (Bell's) palsy is probably multifactorial, some investigators believe that the disorder results from autoimmune demyelination and is perhaps related to previous viral infection. The purpose of this study was to identify immune mechanisms which might contribute to Bell's palsy. The lymphocyte transformation test and immunofluorescence were evaluated with a soluble homogenate of unrefined peripheral nerve antigens. Three antigen-nonspecific tests were also studied. Results in 14 patients with Bell's palsy were compared with those in 21 controls. To be eligible for study, patients with Bell's palsy had to be seen within 10 days of onset of weakness. The control group included 5 patients with facial nerve dysfunction from other causes and 16 normal volunteers. No patient or control had previously received steroids. Five patients with Bell's palsy and one normal volunteer had abnormal lymphocyte transformation (p<.05). Virtually all other tests were normal. These results suggest that some instances of Bell's palsy result from cell-mediated immunity against peripheral nerve antigens. They also encourage further research in steroid and other immunotherapy.
Treating erythema chronicum migrans of Lyme disease; The efficacy of antibiotic treatment of 117 patients with erythema chronicum migrans of Lyme disease was evaluated in terms of the necessity for retreatment and the prevention of the late manifestations of Lyme disease. Fifty-six patients with a minor form of the illness did not require retreatment and did not develop late manifestations following antibiotic treatment. Three pregnant patients were included in this group. Fourteen of sixty-one patients with a major form of the illness required retreatment, and five developed posttreatment late manifestations of Lyme disease consisting of Bell's palsy and persistent joint pain. Although the preferred antibiotic for treating erythema chronicum migrans of Lyme disease has not been conclusively established, tetracycline and penicilline proved effective. The use of probenecid plus penicillin may be of benefit to patients with the major form of the illness.
Preliminary observations after facial rehabilitation with the ansa hypoglossi pedicle transfer; Facial paralysis is a very disabling condition, both functionally and cosmetically. Despite the different methods of facial reanimation that have been described, there is no single method that will restore normal facial tone and motion. Of the methods available, primary neurorrhaphy is probably the most effective. The recovery period, however, is prolonged and, as a result, muscle tone and bulk may be lost. The hypoglossal-facial anastomosis is also a very reliable and effective technique but requires necessary interruption of both major cranial nerve trunks. Transfer of a neuromuscular pedicle (based on the ansa hypoglossi) has been offered as a method of facial reanimation that involves neither prolonged recovery nor interruption of the major cranial nerve functions. The application of this technique for reinnervation of a paralyzed larynx was first described by Tucker in 1970, and the technique was applied to facial muscle (in animal models) in 1977. The effectiveness of this technique - and its application in the management of facial paralysis in the human patient - remains controversial. We report our experience with a series of six patients who underwent neuromuscular pedicle transfer in conjunction with other more conventional methods of facial reanimation. The function of the pedicle and its contribution to the overall facial rehabilitation were assessed clinically and electromyographically. Factors influencing the success of the procedure and clinical and experimental evidence to support its application are discussed. While our experience with this technique is limited, it would appear that the neuromuscular pedicle transfer may play a useful adjunctive role in reanimation of the face in selective cases of facial paralysis.
Facial reanimation with the VII-XII anastomosis: Analysis of the functional and psychologic results; The VII-XII anastomosis has been employed for more than a decade by The Otology Group, P.C., in the facial reanimation of patients undergoing extirpation of tumors involving the cerebellopontine angle and the skull base. A retrospective review based upon a detailed questionnaire and submitted photographic documentation from 61 patients forms the basis for this review. Details and analysis of the functional results include (1) onset of function, (2) synkinetic activity, (3) corneal irritation and associated ophthalmologic problems, (4) facial tone and symmetry, and (5) volitional mimetic function. From a psychosocial perspective, evaluation was made regarding (1) work-place and home acceptance, (2) self consciousness, (3) adaption, and (4) overall satisfaction. Because of the nature of its technical performance and reliability, the VII-XII anastomosis is an important technique for the otolarygologist to be familiar with. Cognizance of the functional and psychologic results with this procedure will ensure optimal (yet realistic) rehabilitation for this patient population.
Steroid therapy in Bell's palsy; The effect of steroid therapy was studied on twenty-eight cases of Bell's palsy. Complete and partial recovery was obtained in twenty-five cases. Delay in starting the therapy with steroids seems to be a major factor responsible for the failures.
Current concepts in facial nerve paralysis; Facial paralysis can be a challenge to all clinicians. The therapist must be familiar with both the anatomy and physiology of the facial nerve and also be acquainted with methods to detect sites of predict prognosis. Treatment should be given on an individual basis, with cues taken from the etiology of the paralysis. At present, controversy surrounds the treatment of the most frequent etiology of facial nerve paralysis - Bell's palsy. Steroids are currently recommended for patients with no motion but no detectable nerve degeneration; although decompression is probably the most effective treatment for patients showing signs of early nerve degeneration.
Tuberculous mastoiditis; Twenty-three cases of tuberculous mastoiditis are presented, nine of which were complicated by facial palsy. Six presented with acute mastoiditis, and two had meningitis. Surgery was required in 16 patients; in four cases the diagnosis was made by culture and in another four by biopsy of the granulations or polyp of the external canal. The response to antituberculous treatment was satisfactory in 22 cases. One patients, whose case was complicated by meningitis, died.
Does virus diagnosis open new ways for the classification and treatment of sudden deafness, unilateral vestibular loss and idiopathic facial paralysis?; Paired sera from 51 patients with sudden deafness, 21 patients with acute vestibular loss and 28 patients with Bell's palsy were examined for antibodies against mumps-, echo-, herpes simplex- and coxsackie viruses. Only two serum samples showed a significant titer increase or decrease. So viral etiology of sudden deafness, acute vestibular loss and Bell's palsy seems to be unlikely and does not change the assignment and therapy of this disease.
Metal spark perforation of the tympanic membrane with deafness and facial paralysis; An extremely rare case of traumatic thermal injury of the middle and inner ear with deafness and irreversible peripheral facial palsy is presented. The accident was caused by a metal spark perforating the tympanic membrane during welding. The risk of ear damage during welding is not generally appreciated and the welding masks normally used offer no protection to the ears. This serious case, as well as other reported injuries, emphasizes the fact that welders ought to protect not only the eyes but also the ears.
Teratogen update: Vitamin A congeners; Despite animal vitamin A congener teratogenicity in animal studies since 1954, striking human findings only arose in 1983 following isotretinoin (ITR) marketing for oral treatment of severe acne. By November 1985, 44 outcomes with central nervous system (CNS), cardioaortic (CV), microtia, facial palsy, micrognathia, cleft palate, and/or thymic aplasia defects, and 33 spontaneous abortions have been reported. The critical period for exposure appears to be two to five weeks postconception, although this is clinically inexact. ITR half life is less than a day, although a teratogenic metabolite, 4-oxo-isoretinoin, has a half life of several days. Seven defect outcomes and one oxo-isoretinoin, has a half life of several days. Seven defect outcomes and one stillbirth have been reported with another congener, etretinate (ETR), used for psoriasis. Three of these had meningomyeloceles. Half life of several months makes levels cumulative. Only one additional defect, which may have occurred by chance, is reported with use stopped before conception (4 months). Other discontinuations 1 to 6 months before conception had 11 normal outcomes and two spontaneous abortions. ITR and ETR dose ranged from 0.5 to 1.5 mg/kg. Normal outcomes are reported both with ITR and ETR, but some of these appear not to have been exposed during the critical period. Less striking defects, abortions, and normal outcomes are less well reported. Because vitamin A analogs are therapeutically important and unplanned outcome not alwya avoidable, further animal research is needed for better risk/benefits. Megadose vitamin A (retinol) use is widespread, but experience poorly observed. Eighteen suspicious birth defect outcomes have been reported from pregnancies with high dose exposure. Twelve had findings similar to those seen in animals and in human retinoid syndromes, e.g., CNS, CV, microtia, and clefts. Epidemiological controls are lacking to establish human teratogenicity, but based on animal studies and experience with ITR and ETR, avoiding long term megadose Vitamin A use in fertile women is warranted.
Extraocular muscle aplasia in Moebius syndrome; A case of Moebius syndrome with bilateral aplasia of the medial and lateral recti is reported. The fibrous bands that replaced the medial recti were inserted posteriorly on the globe resulting in a restrictive large angle esotropia. Surgical intervention resulted in alignment in the primary position. The present case favors a primary mesodermal dysplasia of the extraocular musculature in Moebius syndrome.
Tuberculosis of the middle ear; Tuberculosis of the middle ear was found in 2.6% of the operated cases of chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM). Primary tuberculosis of the middle ear was seen in 3 cases, and secondary tuberculosis in 4 cases. The youngest case was of a 3 year female child and eldest of a 14 year female. Periauricular fistula was encountered in 5 cases; facial nerve paralysis of lower motor neurone type in 2 cases of which 1 had meningitis; and infra-auricular lymphadenopathy was seen in 3 cases. Moderate hearing loss was present in 5 cases and severe hearing loss in 2 cases. Diagnosis was confirmed by histopathological examination. All the cases were treated by combination of anti-tubercular drugs and surgery in the form of mastoid exploration.
The use of acyclovir in Ramsay Hunt Syndrome; Acyclovir is a specific anti-viral agent which has been used in the treatment of the Ramsay Hunt Syndrome with encouraging results. To our knowledge, no previous study has been published utilizing this treatment. A discussion is also undertaken of the underlying pathology and prognosis of the Ramsay Hunt Syndrome, with a summary of those cases in which Acyclovir was prescribed.
Use of a rheographic technic to detect changes in the regional blood flow in lesions of the facial nerve; Rheography of the blood flow in the area of the major facial vessels conducted in 50 patients with damage to the facial nerve has shown changes in the regional blood flow in these patients, that are essential for choosing the optimum method of treatment.
Cheiloplasty in the treatment of facial paralysis; There have been dramatic improvements in the treatment of facial paralysis. These include the successful use of free autogenous nerve grafting, nerve crossover techniques, regional masticatory muscle transposition, and free muscle grafts. The techniques are applied to total, partial, and regional paresis. The bulk of information on rehabilitation of the face has come from clinical empiricism, but basic research in nerve and muscle physiology and attempts at multiple classifications regarding indications and criteria have added to the splendor of this drama. One facet that has not been emphasized is the use of cheiloplasty in long-standing facial paralysis. Long-standing facial paralysis has both a neural and muscular deficit that cannot be rectified by a single concept or operation. It is essential to regionalize the rehabilitation, implant a kinetic muscular potential, supply some static support and elevation, and address the nonfunctional muscles about the paralyzed lips. This latter concept includes lip shortening and lip-flap transposition. A coordinated combination of these techniques has the best opportunity of maximizing the improvement in long-standing facial paralysis associated with severe muscle atrophy.
Slings for static and dynamic facial reanimation; Total facial nerve (VII) paralysis requires a variety of innovative techniques for reconstruction. The selection of the most appropriate method is generally based on extensive personal experience in microneural, facial plastic, otoneurological, and oncological methods in order to achieve consistently good results. When microneurological approaches, which generally produce the best results (i.e., facial hypoglossal crossovers, facial nerve cable grafts, neuromuscular crossovers), are not possible (due to massive ablative surgery, total nerve resections, facial diplegia, absence of the facial nerve, or longstanding paralysis with neuromuscular atrophy), the use of fascial slings for static or dynamic facial reanimation may be the procedure of choice. These techniques improve facial symmetry, produce some voluntary facial mass movement, and restore oral and ocular sphincteric competence (avoiding xerophthalmia and drooling). Generally, we employ these methods in our initial planning and execution of total temporal bone resections, massive infratemporal fossa excisions, and other radical oncological procedures (i.e., total parotidectomies and neck dissections for infiltrative mitotic disease with perineural invasion). Our technique is based on 16 cases and over 4 years experience.
Sixteen cases of soft palate paralysis; We have treated 16 patients with soft palate paralysis, and present two cases here. One patient had a viral infection and the other myasthenia gravis. Among the causes of soft palate paralysis, the incidence of diphtheria is decreasing, and viral infections and cerebrovascular disorders are most common. Bilateral paralysis was noted in cases of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and myasthenia gravis of the soft palate alone. When the paralysis is bilateral, diseases of the nervous system or hysteria should be suspected. In myasthenia gravis the antilex (Edrophonium) test is useful for diagnosis. In all cases of viral infection, the paralysis was unilateral. In some cases other areas were also paralyzed. Four patients had laryngeal palsy, one had facial palsy, and one had accesory nerve palsy. These cases remind us that the soft palate receives nerve fibers from the nucleus ambiguus. When viral infection is suspected the measurement of viral antibody titers is useful for diagnosis. In positive cases, we recommend γ-globulin or interferon as the initial therapy.
Electrophysiological diagnosis of peripheral facial palsy. No. 1. Clinical study; Electroneurography (ENoG) is an electrophysiological diagnostic method for predicting the prognosis of peripheral facial palsy. It provides an electric stimulation to the facial nerve from the stylomastoid foramen and records mainly the orbicularis oris muscle contraction by surface electrodes, and the prognosis is evaluated in terms of the ratio of the amplitude of the normal side to that of the lesion side (ENoG value). In 175 patients with Bell's palsy seen within 2 weeks after the onset and given a conservative therapy in our department, recovery of the facial movement (May's score modified by Hosomi) at 1, 2 and 6 months after the onset and the appearance of sequelae were examined. Diagnostic criteria of the prognosis were formulated on the basis of the ENoG values within 2 weeks after the onset. The criteria indicated that patients with an ENoG value above 40% almost revovered within a month without any sequela, those with an ENoG value of 20-39% almost recovered within 2 months with a 1/10 incidence of sequela and those with an ENoG value of 5-19% recovered in many cases within 6 months. The incidence of sequela was 1/5 for those with al ENoG value above 10% and 1/2 for those with an ENoG value below 10%. In patients with an ENoG value of 0-4% the ENoG value was mostly 0% without sufficient recovery even after 6 months in whom the sequela amounted to 1/2 . The present criteria provide a larger advantage for precise evaluation than the conventional Esslen's criteria in that the former permits more patient distribution of cases, detailed assessment of the prognosis and quantification of the incidence of sequela. It was also found that 10-19% was a clinical critical limit below which a complete recovery was not expected.
Electronic reanimation of facial paralysis - A feasibility study; We set out to adapt the concept of functional electrical stimulation to the reanimation of the paralyzed face. In the New Zealand white rabbit model we studied the strength-duration curves of both innervated and denervated facial muscles. We next studied the electromyographic signals corresponding to different strengths of contraction of innervated facial muscles. With Teflon-coated stainless steel electrodes implanted at opposite ends of the denervated muscle groups under study, bipolar stimulation yielded useful mimetic function that was modifiable by varying the voltage output and the rate of pulse generation. We demonstrated that an electronic circuit can indeed respond to the voltage generated within a functioning facial muscle, and then reproducibly trigger a corresponding graphic signal in synchrony with the mimetic function. The next step will be to adapt an electronic circuit that will deliver a predetermined electrical current to a denervated facial muscle in response to a determined generated voltage in the contralateral corresponding innervated facial muscle.
Restoration of eyelid function in unilateral facial palsy; In 1979-1983, 24 patients with a lagophthalmos due to longstanding unilateral facial palsy were treated with a free muscle graft. The opereative procedure consists of two stages. Most of the results were satisfactory. Advantages and disadvantages of the operation are discussed.
Lymphoma invading the anterior eustachian tube. Temporal bone histopathology of functional tubal obstruction; The temporal bones of a man with poorly differentiated lymphocytic lymphoma, who had had a bilateral conductive hearing loss and incomplete left-sided facial palsy, were obtained. Sections were prepared for histologic study by staining with hematoxylin and eosin and were examined under the light microscope. The left temporal bone showed marked tumor cell involvement, not only of the lateral part of the cartilaginous portion of the eustachian tube (ET) where the tensor veli palatini muscle had been partially destroyed, but also in the anterior part of the temporal bone. A serous middle ear effusion was present, but the lumen of the ET was unaffected by tumor or inflammation. The pathological findings in the right temporal bone were similar to those in the left, although the cartilaginous part of the ET and its surrounding structures were not available for study. The pathogenesis of otitis media with effusion appeared to be secondary to functional ET obstruction, due to the dysfunction of the tensor veli palatini muscle as a result of the tumor destruction. This case is the first to be reported in which functional ET obstruction, secondary to tumor invasion of the active muscle dilator of the ET, has been histologically confirmed.
Prognosis and viral infection in peripheral facial palsy; In 132 previously untreated cases of peripheral facial palsy the serological tests in CF antibody and HI antibody titers was performed. They were positive in 55.5% of Bell's palsy, in contrast 86.4% (p < 0.05) of Hunt syndrome. Infected viruses were mainly herpes simplex, herpes zoster and cytomegalovirus. Prognosis was significantly poor in Hunt syndrome with negative antibodies. The patients had a good result in the cases of combined infection, but significantly poor in Hunt syndrome with steroid therapy.
Tinnitus due to stapedius muscle contraction following traumatic facial nerve paralysis. Report of a case; A case with tinnitus due to stapedius muscle contraction in a 30-year-old male is reported. He had suffered from bilateral traumatic facial nerve paralysis by traffic accident. In the course of recovery from facial nerve paralysis, tinnitus and slight hearing impairment in his right ear appeared whenever he shut his mouth tightly. Audiometric examination revealed 20-10 dB loss of hearing in the right side and impedance audiogram revealed a stapedial reflex in the same side whenever he shut his mouth tightly. By cutting off the stapedius muscle, hearing acuity recovered and tinnitus was weakened.
Clofazimine - An effective treatment for Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome or Miescher's cheilitis; Three cases of histological proven Miescher's granulomatous cheilitis and one case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome were treated over a 4-month period. All cases showed histological improvement with clearance of granulomata but persistence of oedema. No side-effects were reported. Biopsy changes in all four cases are presented.
Facial paralysis as the initial presentation of an internal carotid artery aneurysm; Aneurysms of the intrapetrous internal carotid artery are rarely encountered and can present difficult diagnostic problems. A review of the literature revealed 34 cases, and we now add a 35th. Presenting symptoms and signs are dependent on the direction of expansion of the aneurysm, with neurologic dysfunction typical of medial expansion, whereas lateral erosion often suggests a glomus tumor.
Bilateral facial paralysis; Bilateral facial paralysis is rare disorder, and its work-up should include a complete neurotologic assessment plus neurologic consultation and lumbar puncture. The various causes and their treatment are discussed and the treatment of longstanding facial paralysis is reviewed.
Total facial nerve decompression in recurrent facial paralysis and the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome: A preliminary report; Recurrent facial paralysis is an infrequent problem for the otolaryngologist. This paralysis may be associated with the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, a triad of recurrent facial paralysis, relapsing facial edema, and associated fissured tongue. Most patients do not have the accompanying stigmata of this syndrome. This paralysis may occur unilateraly or bilateraly. The usual sequelae of recurrent facial paralysis are progressive synkinesis and increasing residual paresis with each episode, and total facial paralysis may be the final outcome. Two patients, one with unilateral Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and the other with a bilateral recurrent idiopathic facial paralysis, were treated with combined transmastoid and middle cranial fossa total facial nerve exposure, decompression, and slitting of the fibrous nerve sheath. Postoperatively they have not suffered from facial paralysis during a follow-up period of three years. It appears that this surgical management safely and effectively prevents recurrent facial paralysis unilaterally or bilaterally, whether or not it is associated with the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Until further experience with this particular management of recurrent facial paralysis is reported, however, caution should be used in recommending it. Additionally, it should not be assumed from this experience that surgical treatment for idiopathic facial paralysis in Bell's palsy is necessarily implied.
Head and neck and plastic surgery. A targeted problem and its solution. Fascial pulley: Cross-commissure lip reanimation for inferior division facial nerve paralysis; The risks of causing further harm to the facial nerve are greater in surgery for partial facial paralysis. We present a new active and passive reconstruction technique for paralysis of the buccal-mandibular divisions of the facial nerve. Our fascial pulley technique of reanimation and suspension of the oral commissure produces no further injury to the facial nerve and the eyelids. In addition, it adds a better technique to the armamentarium of the reconstructive surgeon dealing with partial lower facial nerve paralyses.
Upper thoracic epidural block for peripheral facial paralysis; Eight patients with severe peripheral facial paralysis were treated with continuous epidural blocks. Cannulas were introduced between the seventh cervical and the fourth thoracic spinous process. Six ml of 0.25% bupivacaine or 1% liducaine were injected through the cannulas, 2 to 5 times a day, for about a month. Their conditions were evaluated with paralysis scores. They showed almost complete recoveries within three months after onset and had no major complication.
A case of bilateral simultaneous facial palsy; Bilateral facial nerve palsy is a rare disease. In the past 30 years only 11 cases of bilateral simultaneous Bell's palsy have been reported, and only three were completely simultaneous. This is a case report of complete simultaneous Bell's palsy. The patient was a 27-year-old man. On March 18, 1984, he noted facial nerve palsy that occurred simultaneously on both sides. He visited us with a complaint of difficulty in talking on April 24, 1984. Bell's palsy was diagnosed, because physical findings and laboratory examinations showed no evidence of systemic diseases. About 6 months after onset, his palsy had subsided almost completely bilaterally following conservative treatment.
Reanimation of the long-standing partial facial paralysis; Those unfortunate people who suffer from permanent partial facial paralysis have great difficulty finding surgeons who can offer corrective operations. Improving their function is a most delicate procedure. Great care must be exercised to avoid injuring nerves and muscles which are still operating, although in a greatly diminished state. The pathogenesis must be understood before attempting any corrective procedure. Adequate time must elapse from the moment of injury to surgical intervention, thus allowing for maximal nerve and muscle regeneration. This paper describes techniques that could improve facial movements. The most frequently used procedure is shortening of the levator and/or the zygomatic muscles that are partially atrophied. It must be understood that total reanimation is impossible as of this time.
Paralysis with Ixodes cornuatus envenomation; Ixodes cornuatus is a tick that is widely distributed in Victoria, Tasmania and southern New South Wales. Serious human envenomation has not been reported previously. The clinical syndrome that results from envenomation by Ixodes cornautus in a three-year-old boy is presented. Bulbar palsy and respiratory failure necessitated endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation for five days. Canine tick antivenom was administered.
Crocodile tears and thread test of lacrimation; Patients with incomplete recovery from peripheral facial paralysis often complain of eye-watering while eating (crocodile tears or gustolacrimal reflex). In 55 patients (22 completely recovered from peripheral facial paralysis, 23 incompletely recovered, and ten with hemifacial spasm), lacrimation was monitored by the thread test (a modification of the Schirmer test) during taste stimulation. In the 22 patients with complete recovery, the results of the thread test did not differ before and after a sweet-sour candy was given (taste stimulation). All the patients with incomplete recovery showed either synkinesis or contracture. Lacrimation on the side of the lesion was high even before taste stimulation. After taste stimulation, a rapid and definite increase in lacrimation was observed. The results show that in patients with synkinesis and incomplete recovery after peripheral facial paralysis, the misdirected regeneration of the injured nerve fiber often occurs from the gustatory nerve to the lacrimal nerve, as well as between motor fibers.
Facial nerve paralysis following embolization for severe epistaxis. (Case report and review of the literature); Embolization to treat intractable epistaxis is becoming increasingly popular. Twelve cases of facial nerve paralysis after embolization of branches of the external carotid artery have been reported. In this paper, a new case is reported. In epistaxis, embolization should be reserved for patients with contraindications to ligation or in emergency procedures.
Transient facial paralysis. (A report of three cases); Local anaesthetic infiltrated into the external auditory meatus prior to ear surgery is a cause of transient ipsilateral facial nerve paralysis in the immediate post-operative period. This phenomenon is only rarely described. Three such cases are reported.
Intrameatal aneurysm; A case of aneurysm of the anterior inferior cerebellar artery at the internal auditory meatus is presented in which severe subarachnoid haemorrhage was followed by facial palsy. Eighteen cases in the literature are reviewed and their diagnostic and surgical implications discussed.
Ramsay Hunt facial paralysis: Clinical analyses of 185 patients; In a prospective study of 1507 patients, evaluated consecutively for facial palsy in the Cranial Nerve Research Clinic of the Kaiser Permanente Medical Center, Oakland, California, between 1966 and 1976, 185 cases (12%) were diagnosed as Ramsay Hunt syndrome. In 46 cases (25%), the diagnosis of herpes zoster was confirmed by acute and convalescent serum titers for varicella-zoster virus. In 139 cases (75%), viral titers were not performed and the diagnosis was based on the characteristic clinical presentation of the Ramsay Hunt syndrome. The data were subjected to multivariable analysis evaluating age, sex, race, signs and symptoms of onset, severity of paralysis, associated medical problems with concomitant neurologic deficits, and response to therapy. These were compared with data of 1202 patients with Bell's (herpes simplex) palsy. The facial palsy of Ramsay Hunt syndrome was found to be more severe, to cause late neural denervation, and to have a less favorable recovery profile than Bell's (herpes simplex) facial palsy. Prognostic factors and treatment recommendations are discussed.
Bilateral complete deafness following head injury in a child; A case of head injury is reported because it presented such an unusual symptom as sudden, bilateral complete deafness. An 11-year-old boy was involved in a traffic accident while riding on a bicycle. He was admitted immediately after the accident in semicomatose state. The pupils were isocoric and pupillary light reflex was normal. Conjugate deviation to the right was seen. Oculo-cephalic response was absent. X-rays of his skull showed two linear fractures in the occipital bone. CT scan of the head showed symmetrical ventricular dilatation which was suspected to be a sequela of asphyxia at his birth although there was no obvious finding of cerebral contusion. His mental and physical development had been uneventful. One week after admission, his consciousness improved to some extent and at that time right hemiparesis and right infranuclear facial palsy were revealed. One month after the accident, he became alert and able to eat and to read the books on the bed, and then bilateral deafness was noticed. Audiometry showed that hearing was lost completely to both high and low notes, and there was absence of bone conduction bilaterally. Auditory brainstem response test revealed no response from wave I through wave V bilaterally. Right hemiparesis and right infranuclear facial palsy completely subsided and his mental and intellectual state became normal. He was discharged ambulatorily in good condition except for bilateral complete deafness. Now he is leading a useful life and attending a prefectural deaf and mute school. Although auditory impairment, occurring in one or both ears, is a frequent sequela of head injury, there has been no case of bilateral complete deafness after head injury without other neurological deficits. We suspected that the bilateral complete deafness of this rare case might be caused by circulatory disturbance of the internal auditory artery or vein, which developed by the vascular lesion due to head injury.
Posttraumatic unilateral blepharospasm treated by selective facial neurectomy; A patient who presented with posttraumatic ptosis of the right upper eyelid proved to be a case of unilateral blepharospasm with facial palsy of the forehead. He was successfully treated with selective facial neurectomy.
Myelomatosis presenting as an isolated lesion in the mastoid; A 72-year-old man who had suffered from tinnitus and deafness in his left ear for many years presented to the Department of Otolaryngology with a 2-month history of intermittent vertigo accompanied by nausea and vomiting. The hearing in his left ear had recently deteriorated rapidly. He reported weakness of the left side of his face which came on 7 days previously, and also noted a discharge from that ear. On physical examination, polypoid tissue was present in the postero-inferior part of the external auditory meatus (EAM). He had a left lower motor neurone VII palsy, but no other focal neurological signs. These signs suggested the possibility of a glomus jugulare tumour. The otological symptoms in this case focussed attention on a lytic lesion in the region of the mastoid, biopsy of which established the diagnosis of a plasma cell tumour. Further investigations demonstrated that the mastoid lesion was the presentation of multiple myelomatosis. The patient was treated with local radiotherapy to the mastoid region and systemically by the Sloane Keterring Regime of cytotoxic drugs. Since the diagnosis was made, other lytic lesions appeared in the femora and pelvis after a period of 6 months. He remains alive with disease 24 months after diagnosis.
Facial palsy due to myeloma of the temporal bone; A case of facial palsy due to malignant myeloma of the temporal bone is presented. Although malignancy in the temporal bone is a well-recognized cause of facial palsy, myeloma has not previously been specifically recorded as such a cause. The case described is interesting in that the tumour was visible on otoscopy and appropriate treatment resulted in considerable improvement in the facial weakness.
Tuberculous otomastoiditis; The incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis and related tuberculous infections has markedly decreased in the United States. However, patients such as the one reported here are still seen on occasion with tuberculous otomastoiditis. This condition should be considered in any patient with a chronically draining ear that does not respond to antibiotic therapy. Patients with tuberculous otitis media frequently develop severe hearing loss and facial paralysis. Therapy is primarily medical, although in selected cases surgery may be necessary.
Unusual manifestations of arsenic intoxication; A patient with arsenic intoxication is reported, who presented with a variety of gastrointestinal and neurologic disturbances including unilateral facial nerve palsy and acute symptomatic pancreatitis, neither of which have been previously described as sequelae of arsenic poisoning. The patient also suffered hematologic, dermatologic, and cardiopulmonary complications. A review of the literature about this interesting problem is also presented.
Granular cell tumor of facial nerve diagnosed at surgery for idiopathic facial nerve paralysis; A case of granular cell tumor presenting as idiopathic facial nerve paralysis is discussed, with emphasis on the role of surgical exploration in the diagnostic workup of selected patients. It is suggested that in patients with acute facial paralysis of unknown origin who lose response to evoked EMG within the first 10 days of onset, surgical exploration of the facial nerve be considered as part of the diagnostic evaluation. Following this recommendation would reduce the delay in diagnosis and ensure early, appropriate treatment of those patients who might have occult tumors.
Bell's palsy associated with hypothyroidism; Neurological symptoms are common in patients with hypothyroidism but cranial nerve involvement, with the exception of the auditory nerve, is rare. Peripheral facial nerve paralysis has seldom been recognised as a consequence of hypothyroidism but is important as it may be readily treatable once recognised. We present the case of a patient who suffered an acute Bell's Palsy which failed to resolve until his previously unrecognised hypothyroidism was treated. The features of this case and the two previously reported cases are compared, and the implications regarding the pathogenesis and treatment of Bell's Palsy are discussed.
Parotid surgery and the otolaryngologist; Otolaryngologists are performing more parotid surgery and are using otologic landmarks and methods to identify and preserve the facial nerve. Over the past 15 years in the Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery at Tulane Medical School, use of the tympanomastoid fissure as a guide to the facial nerve has reduced the incidence of immediate facial paralysis from 60% to 14% in benign parotid disease.
The effect of syndrome diagnosis on speech remediation; On the basis of work reported by colleagues, as well as our own clinical research studies of patients with the aforementioned syndromes, there are now some useful guidelines for appropriate remediation based on accurate initial diagnosis. Still, there is more to be learned about each of these syndromes. Furthermore, they represent but a small sample of a very large total. Recent literature has described the speech patterns of many more syndromes, as well as the genetic aspects of the more common speech and language disorders such as language delay, dyslexia, autism, and stuttering. The most common recognizable birth defect is Down syndrome and there is, fortunately, a large body of information detailing the varied language, speech, and hearing aspects. Those of us who work with children with Down syndrome have been alerted to the anticipated receptive and expressive language delays; the conductive and sometimes mixed hearing losses; the hoarse and raucous voices that are probably the result of a combination of anatomic, neurologic, and mucosal variations; the interesting disfluencies, and the amalgam of developmental and deviant articulatory errors. We know that although the tongue protrudes, it is rarely the true macroglossia which we would find in Beckwith syndrome, for example, but rather a hypotonic posture and a logical adaptation to an airway restricted by enlarged tonsils and adenoids and recurrent rhinitis. We must of necessity list the generalities and the expected finds for each syndrome. At the same time, there is a need to remain open to a wide range of variation and an occasional unlikely association, such as the child with a repaired cleft who also stutters. Some associations, however, may not occur purely by chance. In a recent consultation on the severely dysarthric speech of a teenager with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy, I was surprised to find that he had a sharply sloping, progressive sensorineural hearing loss. At first glance, it seemed a chance association until we realized that his younger sister had the same combination of features. Although hearing loss had not been associated with any of the forms of muscular dystrophy in the past, we embarked on a review of the literature and of the case files of cooperative colleagues and uncovered a number of individuals with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy and sensorineural hearing loss. The findings were published with an underlying plea to check the hearing of patients with this type of neuromuscular disease as soon as the diagnosis is made, in infancy if possible. The risk is generally established by the occurrence of this condition in the family since it is inherited on an autosomal dominant basis. The severe hearing impairments of our patients were not discovered until they were of school age, thereby precluding early amplification and special preschool training. In the future we will rule out hearing loss before we go on to tackle the flaccid dysarthria and progressive myopathy associated with this type of muscular dystrophy. Those of us with special interest in the communicative skills and deficits of individuals with birth defects hope that some day there will be a complete list of ready references to add to our trained and intuitive skills in the diagnosis and therapy for those with specific syndromes. As with our search to learn more about all aspects of craniofacial genetics, the task is underway.
Facial baroparesis: A report of five cases; Six episodes of facial baroparesis in 5 divers are reported. Three of the divers experienced left-sided paresis and 2 right-sided. In 2 of the subjects (3 episodes) the paresis disappeared spontaneously when the relative middle ear overpressure cleared, and in the remaining 3 subjects the paresis disappeared on recompression to less than 2 m. No residual effects were found, but the subject who experienced 2 episodes stopped diving. Available evidence favors the theory of ischemic compression neurapraxia.
Free muscle transplantation; To survey the current use of free muscle transplantation in the German speaking part of Europe, a questionnaire was sent to all Replantation Centres in 1982/1983. The answers revealed that micro-neurovascular muscle transplantation for functional use is still an uncommon procedure. Its use in facial palsy, in the sphincter region and in reconstructive procedures in extremities is emphasised and postoperative healing and functional improvement is shown in a diagram. The follow-up period is too short to discuss functional improvement in detail. Regarding our own cases, we are quite impressed by the result of free microneurovascular muscle transplantation in unilateral irreversible facial palsy patients, but are unable to prove the final result in extremities because of short observation time.
Glenoid fossa fracture and facial nerve palsy; Facial nerve palsy associated with traumatic injury in the temporomandibular joint area is a rather infrequent condition. Fracture of the glenoid fossa is a very rare condition, especially when it is not combined with displacement of the condyle in the middle cranial fossa. We report the combination of these 2 conditions in a victim of a road traffic accident.
Mimetic surgery for the paralyzed face; One hundred ten patients with facial nerve paralyses were treated by various surgical methods. Eighty-six patients had total facial nerve paralyses and 24 had segmental paralyses. In the total paralysis group, 62 patients had oncologic procedures or tumor induced paralysis. In the segmental paralysis group, 14 patients had malignancies. Two patients had idiopathic facial nerve paralysis. In the total paralysis group, 59 had - neural reconstructions, 7 neuromuscular pedicles, and 20 muscle-fascia transpositions. The segmental paralysis group was divided into an upper facial palsy group (n = 11) and lower facial palsy group (n = 13). Five patients had neural transpositions, 5 had muscle-fascia transpositions, and 14 had plastic reconstructions. The results were analyzed by various methods and grading systems. The data indicate that neural repairs produce better results than muscle-fascia transpositions or plastic reconstructions. Within the repairs, the procedures are listed in an hierarchical order of cosmetic and functional results. The average follow-up for the entire group was 2.8 years. The average follow-up for the neural repair group was 3.2 years, and for the muscle fascia transpositions, 14.1 months.
A case of Von Recklinghausen's disease with various nerve symptoms; A case of von Recklinghausen's disease has been observed for 6 years. The patient was a 22-year-old male. He visited the otolaryngology clinic with complaints of bilateral hearing loss, right facial palsy, right ophthalmoplegia, gait disturbance, and bilateral muscle atrophy of the extremities. Swelling was noted in the right neck and pharyngo-laryngeal area. Cafe au lait spots were noticed. The bilateral hearing loss was caused by bilateral acoustic neurinomas, which were confirmed by CT-scan examination. The hearing loss gradually progressed. The patient was young and had tumors in many cranial nerves, therefore the treatment should have been performed very carefully.
Facial paralysis in Lyme disease; Lyme disease is a multisystemic illness caused by a tick-borne spirochete. Once considered unique to the Connecticut coastline, thousands of cases are now documented throughout the United States, northern Europe, and Australia. Unilateral and bilateral facial paralysis may occur in up to 11% of patients with Lyme disease. This paper reviews the clinical course, distinguishing features, and outcome of 124 such palsies in 101 patients seen between 1975 and 1984. The 99.2% spontaneous recovery rate demonstrates the unequivalent excellent prognosis of this palsy and confirms that operative intervention is not indicated. The otolaryngologist should consider this etiology in all otherwise idiopathic facial paralyses, especially when presenting in summer months in endemic areas, or when bilateral. Positive Lyme disease spirochete titers are helpful in the diagnosis. We believe antibiotics should be given to patients with this facial palsy in order to treat any other concurrent manifestations of the illness and to prevent subsequent complications.
Onogenic complications with an intact tympanic membrane; A review of 21 cases of complications of acute otitis media with a hyperemic, dull, bulging but intact tympanic membrane is presented. All cases had a retroauricular swelling. In 10 cases, a subperiosteal abscess was found, 1 of them complicated with a posterior fossa abscess, 2 had meningitis, 3 had Bezhold's abscess, 2 had thrombosis of the lateral sinus, 1 had a cerebellar abscess, 1 had cerebellitis, and 2 presented with facial nerve palsy. Ninety percent of the patients were below the age of 13. An incomplete course of antibiotic treatment was found to have been given in seven cases (30%) prior to admission. Surgical therapy consisted of a cortical mastoidectomy and a wide myringotomy. Ventilating tubes were inserted in three patients. The mastoid radiography demonstrated cloudiness, and CT scan was performed in six patients with suspected intracranial complications. The present study stresses that an intact tympanic membrane with minimal changes may be regarded by the medical profession with a low index of suspicion and can lead to severe otogenic complications. The disease can be masked by an improper antibiotic therapy.
Peripheral facial nerve palsy. Comments on the poor outcome; Patients with peripheral facial palsy caused by Bell's palsy, Hunt's syndrome, trauma, tumor and otitis media were followed for a minimum of 6 months. Of the total group of 159 cases, complete recovery was achieved in 105 (66.0%) and incomplete recovery in 54 (34.0%). Patients with pathologic synkinesis and/or with incomplete return of function were judged to have had incomplete recovery. Of the 54 incompletely recovered patients, 46 (85.2%) had pathological synkinesis, indicating more severe nerve damage than the third degree of Sunderland. The severity of the palsy at the first visit was closely related to the outcome. Patients with Bell's palsy, which was complete at the initial examinations had a lower recovery rate than those with mild or slight palsy (p<0.005). Of the 24 surgically treated patients, 18 (75.0%) had poor results. Surgically treated patients had a lower rate of recovery than conservatively treated patients (p<0.005). The poor outcome was correctly prognosed in 89.2% of the patients with the results of tear tests, salivary flow tests, salivary pH tests, impedance audiometry tests and the NET. The results of the steroid treated incomplete recovery group were compared with those of the surgically treated incomplete recovery group. No statistically significant difference was noted between the two groups. It was possible that the decompression operations were done after irreversible pathological changes had occurred in the facial nerves. It is noteworthy that in 50% of patients with malignant tumors the severity of the palsy fluctuated.
Traumatic facial paralysis. A retrospective study of 16 cases; Of 16 patients with traumatic facial paralysis and fresh longitudinal fracture, 13 recovered well without surgery, and three required total decompression of the facial nerve. In these three patients there were fragments of fractured bone and in one case there was discontinuity of the facial nerve. Even in cases of delayed facial paralysis, the facial nerve should be explored surgically if nerve degeneration is imminent.
Hyperacusis in Bell's palsy; It has been generally accepted that stapedial muscle dysfunction is the cause of hyperacusis in Bell's palsy. However, the acoustically evoked stapedial reflex (AR) revealed by the tympanometric test is not always negative in patients with hyperacusis. The AR was negative in 64.7% of our 278 patients with Bell's palsy of recent onset, while only 19.1% complained of hyperacusis. In order to explain this discrepancy, the auditory tests, Bekesy audiometry, ABLB, SISI test and ABR, were carried out in 13 selected patients. No evidence of retrocochlear disturbance was found. Although the underlying pathophysiological mechanism of hyperacusis has remained uncertain, we could not exclude the possibility of a false negative AR measured by conventional tympanometry or the contribution of tensor tympani muscle function when hyperacusis and AR results are contradictory.
Experimental assessment of combined treatment with steroid and methylcobalamin; Compression of the extratemporal facial nerve of guinea pigs induces facial nerve paralysis reversible in two or three weeks. This animal model is very useful in the assessment of drugs conventionally used in the treatment of facial palsy.
Metabolic facial paralysis in an infant; A 2-month-old infant developed facial paralysis with a presentation that masqueraded as a possible middle ear tumor. The cause of the paralysis eventually was related to a metabolic consequence of his underlying disorder, cystic fibrosis. To our knowledge, the association of vitamin A imbalance, pseudotumor cerebri, and facial paralysis has not previously been discussed in the otolaryngologic literature.
Randomised controlled study of orchidectomy vs long-acting D-Trp-6-LHRH microcapsules in advanced prostatic carcinoma; Safety and efficacy of a slow-release formulation of D-Trp-6-luteinising-hormone-releasing hormone (D-Trp-6-LHRH) microcapsules were compared with orchidectomy in the initial treatment of advanced prostatic carcinoma. Forty-one patients were randomly assigned to D-Trp-6-LHRH and 38 to orchidectomy. Suppression of testosterone and reduction in prostatic acid phosphatase levels were similar in both groups. 87% of patients in the D-Trp-6-LHRH group and 81% in the orchidectomy group responded to treatment or showed no deterioration. Side-effects related to the decrease in testosterone were similar in both groups. Three patients given D-Trp-6-LHRH had a disease 'flare' in the first 10 days of treatment which resolved completely when testosterone fell to castrate levels. Results of psychological assessment were similar in both groups before treatment, and on follow-up there was a weak trend towards decreased psychological morbidity in the hormone group. The slow-release preparation of D-Trp-6-LHRH microcapsules offers an important alternative in the management of advanced prostatic carcinoma.
Facial nerve substitution: A review of sixty-six cases; Facial nerve paralysis is a disfiguring disability, and over the years many procedures have been developed to reduce it. The aims of therapy are to improve appearance by increasing facial tone, providing symmetry at rest, and restoring voluntary movement and emotional facial expression. For many years facial nerve substitution was the procedure of choice at The Otologic Medical Group (OMG) to treat facial paralysis resulting from posterior fossa surgery. For the last 8 years the technique of immediate restoration of facial nerve continuity by direct anastomosis or insertion of a nerve graft has become standard when the continuity of the facial nerve is distrupted during surgery. When facial recovery does not occur postoperatively, despite preservation of nerve continuity or failure of the primary anastomosis or nerve graft, the best means of restoring facial function is accomplished with a nerve substitution procedure. We investigated 66 patients who underwent facial nerve substitution at the OMG, paying particular attention to the timing of the operation and technique used.
Intraoperative facial nerve monitoring; Intraoperative evoked electromyography is an effective tool for use in locating the position of a normal facial nerve or the site of nerve conduction block in acute facial paralysis. The technique of intraoperative evoked electromyography is described. Intraoperative stimulation of the facial nerve is a more accurate method of identifying a nerve conduction block than the site-of-lesion Schirmer's test.
Facial reanimation after skull base trauma; Three basic types of procedures are used by the author to reanimate the face paralyzed by interruption of the facial nerve at the skull base. In order of choice they are direct nerve repair or grafting; hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis; and regional facial reanimation (brow lift, implantation of a gold weight or spring in the eyelid, tightening of the lower eyelid, and temporalis muscle transposition to reanimate the mouth). The indications for and expected results of each approach are presented with special emphasis on the usefulness of regional reanimation.
Facial paralysis and Bell's palsy: A protocol for differential diagnosis; In the past, most cases of facial paralysis have been erroneously labeled Bell's palsy. Bell's palsy has been synonymous with and defined as idiopathic facial paralysis affecting only the facial nerve within the confines of the temporal bone. In the last ten years, Bell's palsy has been redefined as viral polyneuritis, probably caused by herpes simplex reactivation, and its diagnosis is no longer reached by exclusion. This article discusses the signs, symptoms, and testing necessary to confidently and accurately differentiate Bell's palsy from other forms of facial paralysis. The nonspecificity of topographic diagnosis is discussed and statistical analysis of factors affecting prognosis is included.
Evoked serial electromyography in the evaluation of the paralyzed face; Serial evoked electromyography (EEMG) is a reliable, objective, repeatable test of facial nerve function. It is very important in the initial patient evaluation in determining percent degeneration of the facial nerve. A response of 0-20% will usually result in incomplete return of facial function while responses of 60% or better will usually result in normal function. With viral facial paralysis (Bell's palsy, herpes zoster oticus), serial EEMG after several weeks has little value in predicting the final percent recovery of facial function. If there is no EEMG response, the diagnosis of viral facial paralysis is questionable and serial tests should be done until facial function begins to return. If there is no return of facial function of EEMG responses, the diagnosis is probably a tumor and the nerve should be explored. When surgical manipulation of the facial nerve has resulted in partial facial weakness, EEMG helps predict the degree of recovery of facial function. EEMG results of 60% or better will result in normal facial function while EEMG results of 25% of less will result in incomplete return of facial function. Serial testing is not necessary in this group of patients. After transection and repair of the facial nerve, serial EEMG is of value in showing continuity of the repair. Lack of improvement in EEMG over 5-12 months and no return of facial function indicates poor prognosis.
Facial palsy, stiff neck, erythema; A 48-year-old man was admitted to the hospital because of facial palsy and syncopal episodes. In the previous weeks he had a transitory erythema and multiple nonspecific symptoms. Physical examination and lumbar puncture showed evidence of aseptic meningitis with cranial neuropathies. Because tuberculous meningitis could not be excluded, antituberculous therapy was started. After the diagnostic possibility of Lyme's disease was confirmed by a positive serologic test, treatment was continued with high dose intravenous penicillin. The patient's symptoms resolved without further recurrence.
Cerebrospinal borreliosis or Bannwarth's syndrome. A neurological infection transmitted by a wood tick; Eighteen patients with borreliosis cerebrospinalis (Bannwarth's syndrome) are described. The disease showed a seasonal incidence in the summer and autumn. Eight patients first developed localised erythema, which resembled erythema chronicum migrans in three cases. Seventeen patients experienced severe burning radicular pain. Mononeuritis multiplex mainly affecting the cranial nerves was seen in 13 patients including four with unilateral and eight with bilateral facial palsy. Characteristically there was a latency of 1-4 weeks between the beginning of the erythema, the sensory radiculitis and the focal motor deficits. Two patients had CNS involvement, in the form of transverse myelitis and focal encephalitis. Two patients had painful radiculitis only and a third patient had also myocarditis. The CSF was examined in 17 cases and invariably showed lymphocytic pleocytosis and elevated spinal protein concentration. Measuring borrelia antibodies was particularly useful in atypical cases. The diagnostic sensitivity of antibody detection seemed higher in CSF than in serum. Penicillin treatment shortened the course of the disease significantly. Borreliosis cerebrospinalis is a tick transmitted borrelia infection closely related to the American Lyme disease.
Tick-borne spirochetes as a cause of facial palsy; Twenty consecutive patients visiting an otolaryngological department in Sweden with a facial palsy were investigated for serological signs of tick-borne spirochete infection. Four patients showed serological evidence of and had a medical history compatible with a tick-borne spirochetosis. Spinal fluid analyses were performed in 3 of these patients and showed elevated specific antispirochetal antibody titres and an increase in mononuclear cells. The importance of a correct diagnosis and of antibiotic therapy in patients with spirochete-induced facial palsy is emphasized.
Neurosarcoidosis. A report of ten patients illustrating some usual and unusual manifestations; The common and not so common neurologic lesions due to sarcoidosis include cranial nerve palsies, meningitis, hypothalamic and pituitary lesions, basilar meningitis, polyneuropathy, space occuping lesions and spinal cord involvement. The diagnosis of neurosarcoidosis requires a compatible clinical or radiologic picture of sarcoidosis and histological confirmation of noncaseating granulomas. Serum ACE, Gallium-67 lung scan and bronchoalveolar lavage are of help in supporting the diagnosis and establishing activity of the disease. A CT scan with enhancement is the diagnostic procedure of choice. Corticosteroids are the cornerstone of therapy. 10 cases are reported.
Effectiveness of a six-drug regimen (APO) without local irradiation for treatment of mediastinal lymphoblastic lymphoma in children; Fourteen children with mediastinal lymphoblastic lymphoma (MLL) were treated with the six-drug APO protocol. This regimen includes aggressive intermittent chemotherapy and prophylactic central nervous system therapy. Mediastinal irradiation was given only for emergency relief of mediastinal compression (two children) or for incomplete resolution of mediastinal widening with chemotherapy (one child). All 14 patients achieved complete remission; only 1 has relapsed. Toxicities were not severe. APO is effective therapy for children with MLL. APO should receive further trials in children and adults with T-cell lymphoblastic lymphomas.
Bell's palsy' in accelerated hypertension; The recognition that 'Bell's palsy' may be associated with severe hypertension is important, particularly as corticosteroids are often used in its management and could aggravate the hypertension.
Summation of the spasmolytic effects of traumatic intervention on the facial nerve as the treatment for hemifacial spasm; This paper deals with the fact that the suppressive effect of the percutaneous needle prick on the facial nerve can be added up by repeating the traumatic insults. It was concluded that if properly repeated, needle prick trauma on facial nerve can cure the hemifacial spasm for about six months without producing facial palsy.
Auditory disturbance following transmastoid decompression of the facial nerve; The incus is disarticulated and temporarily removed in order to decompress the entire facial nerve from the geniculate ganglion to the stylomastoid foramen. Auditory disturbance by incus disarticulation is anticipated. In 36 patients who underwent transmastoid decompression of the facial nerve and were observed more than 6 months, auditory disturbance following surgery was investigated by the evaluation of hearing loss and tinnitus before and after surgery. Hearing loss of more than 15 dB at more than one frequency after surgery was observed in 20 of the 36 patients (55.6%). However, in only 3 cases (8.3%) was there a hearing loss of more than 15 dB in the speech range (0.5-2 KHz). In 15 cases (41.7%) there was post-operative sensorineural hearing loss limited to 4 and/or 8 KHz. Five of the 20 patients (13.9%) who suffered postoperative hearing loss had conductive hearing loss. Seven of the 36 patients (19.4%) had tinnitus following surgery.
Facial nerve repair; Complete restoration of the facial nerve pattern is beyond surgical capability but with new microsurgical techniques a better result is attained through improved anatomic reconstitution. The possible reconstruction alternatives for the extra temporal facial nerve depend on the size and location of the defect.
Erythema chronicum migrans Afzelius and acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans. Early and late manifestations of Ixodes ricinus-borne Borrelia spirochetes.; In the present thesis consecutive patients, 231 with ECMA, 41 with ACA and 20 with facial palsy (Bell's palsy), have been studied. It has been shown that spirochetes, transmitted by the tick Ixodes ricinus, are involved in the etiology of ECMA and ACA. This has been shown through the isolation and cultivation of spirochetes from ticks and from the skin of patients with ECMA and ACA. The spirochetes have morphological characteristics similar to those of the genus Borrelia. No antigenic differences have been found between ECMA and ACA strains by the use of four different monoclonal antibodies against Borrelia burgdorferi. In serological studies, with the indirect IF test and with the ELISA, elevated antibody titers against these spirochetes were found in sera from patients with ECMA and ACA. Significantly increasing titers were found in sera from patients who developed extracutaneous complications and decreasing titers as a response to therapy. The serological tests are of good diagnostic help for patients with ACA and in many of the patients with ECMA-related extracutaneous complications, but in the present study only 15-28% of the patients with uncomplicated ECMA were seropositive. The study has shown that a tick bite and/or an untreated ECMA may be followed by symptoms from the nervous system (facial palsy, meningoradiculitis), the joints and from the heart as well. It has also been shown that ACA may sometimes be preceded by an untreated ECMA and that manifestations from the nervous system and/or the joints may precede or accompany ACA. There may be a long period of latency (several years) between a spontaneously healing ECMA and the development of ACA lesions. In ACA patients with abnormalities of joints or bones the concordance in site of the cutaneous involvement and changes in the underlying joints or bones may in these cases be consistent with a progressive localized spirochetal infection. Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus-like lesions found in patients with ACA indicate that a Borrelia infection may result in lichen sclerosus et atrophicus-like reactions. The recognition of ACA may be difficult and a combination of clinical, histopathological and serological findings may be necessary to secure the diagnosis. Clinical differences between ECMA-related disorders in Sweden an Lyme disease in the United States have been found and there may also be antigenic differences between the spirochetes involved.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Poland syndrome associated with Moebius syndrome; We present a case of a girl with Poland's Syndrome (absence of pectoral muscle and syndactyly) associated with Moebius Syndrome. More abnormalities, especially visceral, may be associated with it and therefore the clinician must know and identify them as soon as possible. We underline the importance of a precocious correction of the hand's abnormalities in order to avoid changes in the corporal pattern otherwise not correctible later. A retard in surgical treatment will produce a failure like in our patient.
Intrathecal synthesis of different alpha-interferons in patients with various neurological diseases; CSF and sera from 238 newborns and children with various neurological diseases were assayed on bovine cells for the presence of alpha-interferon (IFN). An intrathecal synthesis of pH 2-resistant alpha-IFN was recovered in all newborns and in more than 90% of children with herpes encephalitis. It was also observed in one case of mumps encephalitis and in one case of encephalitis associated with Influenza A infection. An acid-labile alpha-IFN production was detected in CSF from more than one half of patients with viral meningitis or active congenital rubella and in those with neurological complications of systemic lupus erythematosus. This alpha-IFN subtype was also detected in CSF from only 2/37 children with measles encephalitis. In contrast, no alpha-IFN (<2 IU) in CSF was found among patients with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, Guillain-Barre syndrome, Reye's syndrome, acute cerebellar ataxia, infantile spasms or facial paralysis of unknown origin.
Peripheral facial nerve dysfunction: CT evaluation; Peripheral facial nerve dysfunction may have a clinically apparent or occult cause. We reviewed the clinical and radiographic records of 36 patients with peripheral facial nerve dysfunction to obtain information on the location of the suspected lesion and the number, sequence, and type of radiographic evaluations performed. Inadequate clinical evaluations before computed tomography (CT) was done and unnecessary CT examinations were also noted. In those patients in whom the cause of peripheral facial nerve dysfunction is apparent, the clinical-radiographic workup is self-evident. When the cause of dysfunction is occult, however, a tailored CT examination should be done based on a thorough clinical evaluation. We have suggested a practical clinical and radiographic scheme to evaluate progressive peripheral facial dysfunction with no apparent cause. If this scheme is applied, unnecessary radiologic tests and delays in diagnosis and treatment may be avoided.
Lyme disease. A cause of bilateral facial paralysis; Recently we had the opportunity of treating a boy from the northeastern region of the United States in whom bilateral facial palsies developed. After obtaining a detailed history and performing a thorough physical examination, the findings suggested Lyme disease. We herein discuss our evaluation and treatment of this child as well as review the otolaryngologic manifestations of this rare disease.
Cholesterol granuloma of the petrous apex; Cholesterol granuloma of the petrous apex is a newly recognized clinical entity distinct from cholesteatoma. Cholesterol granuloma usually produces symptoms of trigeminal, facial, and abducens nerve palsy and may not affect the auditory nerve. The characteristics computerized cranial tomographic (CCT) finding is a nonenhancing, smooth-walled, expansile lesion that is isodense with brain tissue in a patient with bilaterally well pneumatized mastoids and petrous apices. Treatment is limited to drainage of the cyst and insertion of a stent for permanent aeration of the petrous apex. Of ten cases of cholesterol granuloma of the petrous apex recently diagnosed at the Otologic Medical Group, the correct preoperative diagnosis was made in nine patients on the basis of CCT findings. Six of the nine patients had serviceable hearing preoperatively; serviceable hearing was maintained postoperatively in five patients.
Nonoperative management of traumatic facial nerve palsy; Forty-five patients with facial nerve palsy resulting from head injury were treated nonoperatively between 1975 and 1981. Of 31 patients who had polytomography, temporary bone fractures were demonstrated in 29. In 44 of 45 injuries, satisfactory clinical improvement in motor function was noted, including 65% (overall) who showed complete recovery. Fracture direction on polytomography, results of electromyography (performed in ten cases), and time of onset of paralysis were not correlated with outcome. The present findings suggest a limited role for early surgery in closed traumatic facial nerve palsy.
Transient low frequency hearing loss and facial paresis following spinal anaesthesia. Case report; Facial paresis and low frequency hearing loss was observed 16 days after spinal anaesthesia in a 22 years old male patient. Both disturbances disappeared within a short time of bed rest as the only therapy. The hearing loss showed the typical picture which we have observed in the last few years as a complication of spinal anaesthesia. The facial paresis which appeared at the same time could well be caused by low of cerebrospinal fluid pressure due to leakage via the puncture hole.
Otological complications of head trauma; Fifty-three patients were examined after head trauma followed by otological complications. In 79% of cases the patients were aged from 11 to 40 years. In 36% of cases the cause of trauma was traffic accident. The most serious traumas included fractures of the cranial base involving the pyramid - they accounted for 26% of radiologically confirmed skull fractures. Hearing impairment was found in 77% of cases, and 27% of them had complete deafness. In 57% of cases facial nerve damage was present and in 33% of cases permanent paralysis of this nerve remained. In 38% of cases surgical intervention was required for otological reasons and in 24% of cases this intervention was necessary because of facial nerve injury.
Complications of use of the neodymium: Yttrium-aluminum-garnet laser in neurosurgery; Review of the clinical records of 32 patients who underwent operation for brain tumors with the use of the neodymium:yttrium-aluminum-garnet (Nd:YAG) laser during a 4-month period revealed 5 cases of complications related to laser use. One death was presumed to be due to intratumor explosion (the popcorn effect) after excessive Nd:YAG laser application. The other death was due to heat necrosis of the brain stem after radiation of an ependymoma of the 4th ventricle. Two patients suffered neurological deficits. One had facial palsy after radiation of the site of attachment of a meningioma to the petrous bone. The other suffered aphasia and hemiparesis due to heat damage to the cerebral cortex after laser coagulation of the overlying dura mater. The fifth patient suffered postoperative hemorrhage in a residual necrotic chromophobe adenoma after a transsphenoidal approach using the Nd:YAG laser. These complications are preventable. Suggestions are made for the safe use of this laser.
Temporal bone fractures; Advances in technology and otomicrosurgery have dramatically changed the management of temporal bone fractures. Based upon our experiences and a review of the literature, the following recommendations are made: 1. The complete temporal bone surgeon should have access to a late-generation CT scanner and have a good working relationship with a neuroradiologist. 2. The surgeon should be capable of repairing the facial nerve within the internal acoustic meatus, by both middle fossa and translabyrinthine approaches. 3. It is advantageous to follow the progress of cochlear implantation. 4. One should be knowledgeable about the electrophysiologic diagnosis of facial paralysis and known when to be conservative in facial palsy secondary to head trauma.
Transmastoid extralabyrinthine approach in traumatic facial palsy; Our experiences with thirty-six cases of intratemporal facial nerve palsies using the transmatoid extralabyrinthine (TMEL) approach are reported. Palsies were mostly traumatic in origin. The technique, first developed by us and reported in May 1980, spares the labyrinth and has the same indications for use as the middle cranial fossa approach to the seventh nerve. It avoids craniotomy and overcomes the limitations of the classic transmastoid approach, allowing exploration of the nerve from the descending portion to the geniculate ganglion and surrounding regions. When the ossicular chain is already damaged by trauma, surgery is made easier by removal of the head of the malleus and the incus, which are then transposed at the end of surgery to reconstruct the chain. In particular cases the technique can also leave the chain intact. The TMEL approach has been used in 89% of patients with traumatic palsies due to longitudinal temporal bone fractures, with either an intact or, more often, a disconnected chain. Results of facial nerve and hearing function tests at twelve months are reported in detail. Our approach and similar techniques used by other authors represent an alternative to House's middle cranial fossa and Pulec's combined operations. Morbidity rate is lower and the operation can be performed by the majority of otologic surgeons.
BIPP allergy causing facial paralysis; The present case appears to be first recorded in which BIPP sensitivity led to a delayed post-operative facial palsy.
Biofeedback for neuromuscular disorders; Biofeedback has been applied to the treatment of numerous neuromuscular disorders. The most widely used method has incorporated the electromyogram (EMG) in muscle reeducation. This technique has been used to train patients with spinal cord and peripheral nerve injuries, cerebral palsy, muscular atrophy resulting from surgery or arthritis, hemiparesis resulting from head injury, Huntington's chorea, tremor, Parkinson's disease, and facial palsy. However, EMG feedback has been most widely used and tested in patients with a variety of disorders that follow cerebrovascular accidents and in patients with torsion dystonias, particularly spasmodic torticollis. Through the use of visual or auditory feedback that instantaneously reflects the electrical activity of targeted muscles, a patient can be trained to inhibit unwanted spastic motor activity and facilitate improved strength, range of motion, and control of paretic muscles.
Osteoblastoma of the temporal bone presenting as facial paralysis; Osteoblastomas of the head region are rare lesions. This paper describes a case of a 4-year-old child with an osteoblastoma of the temporal bone presenting as a facial paralysis. Only 6 previous cases have been reported and none with nerve involvement. A review of the tumor, its differential diagnosis, clinical course and management is presented.
A family with von Recklinghausen's neurofibromatosis complicated by mononeuritis multiplex, bilateral acoustic neurinomas, and falx and spinal meningiomas; A family with von Recklinghausen's disease complicated by multiple diverse primary brain tumors was reported. Case 1. The proband, born in 1923, was admitted to the Nagasaki University Hospital on March 11, 1974, for evaluation of headache and hearing loss. Neurological examination disclosed: (1) decreased visual acuity on the right, (2) bilateral choked discs; (3) anisocoria, right pupil wider than left; (4) right blepharoptosis; (5) artificially fixed right eye; (6) right facial palsy; (7) markedly impaired hearing with negative vestibular responses to caloric test; (8) paralysis of the right soft palate and vocal cord; (9) atrophy of the right side of the tongue; (10) right claw hand with positive Froment's sign; (11) left drop foot; (12) loss of deep reflexes on the left arm and legs; (13) positive Babinski on the right. Nerve conduction studies revealed failure to evoke muscle action potential in response to electric nerve stimulation on the left ulnar and right superficial peroneal nerves. Needle electromyography showed no motor unit potentials in the left first dorsal interosseus and right anterior tibial muscles. Sensory nerve action potentials could not be evoked on any nerves tested. X-ray films showed enlargement of the internal auditory passages, falx tumor on brain scan and carotid angiography, and spinal tumor on myelography. At craniotomy, a 7x5.5x4 cm falx meningioma was removed. At suboccipital craniotomy performed five weeks later, a right acoustic neurinoma measuring 1.5 cm in diameter was removed. Case 2. This relative, born in 1945, was the son of the proband. A spinal meningioma at C7-T1 was - removed in 1957. However, he could not walk after operation and died of pneumonia two years later. Case 3. This relative, born in 1948, was the daughter of the proband. A falx meningioma was removed in 1972. Bilateral acoustic and spinal tumors were found and a right acoustic neurinoma was removed in 1974. Every member described above showed a few cafe-au-lait spots and subcutaneous nodules in agreement with central neurofibromatosis. Familial cases with multiple diverse primary brain tumors in von Recklinghausen's disease are relatively rare, and this is the first case report in Japan. An assumption can be made that mononeuropathy and subclinical polyneuropathy occur only in the central type and not in the peripheral type of von Recklinghausen's neurofibromatosis.
Idiopathic (Bell's) facial palsy: natural history defies steroid or surgical treatment; Idiopathic (Bell's) facial palsy is a self-limiting, non-life threatening, and spontaneously remitting disorder. The natural history of Bell's palsy is favorable: 84% of 1011 patients with Bell's palsy studied by one investigator recovered satisfactorily without treatment, and no valid clinical trials conducted to date have provided definitive evidence that treatment with steroids or surgery improves upon this figure. The authors studied 273 patients with Bell's palsy to evaluate the prognostic significance of evoked electromyography in predicting the possible benefit of transmastoid facial nerve surgical decompression. The results indicated that even when evoked electromyography was used to select those patients who might benefit most from transmastoid surgery, outcome in patients treated surgically was no better than can be expected to occur without treatment. Based upon these observations, transmastoid facial nerve surgery is not recommended to treat Bell's palsy because no benefits have been identified which outweigh the risks of surgery.
Bell's palsy: Delayed recovery after one year with surgical confirmation; An instance of Bell's palsy with complete flaccid peripheral facial paralysis at one year with surgical confirmation by total facial nerve decompression and incision of the intratemporal facial nerve sheath confirmation is presented. This individual, with a most unusual duration of total facial paralysis in an instance of Bell's palsy, nevertheless developed eventual recovery typical of the delayed recovery from Bell's palsy, with considerable improvement in facial symmetry at rest, eyelid closure, and facial motion.
Trigeminal disorder and facial paresis in an Arnold-Chiari malformation with hydrocephalus; The case of a 26 years old woman who presented with hydrocephalus from an Arnold-Chiari malformation is described. The first signs were a left trigeminal disorder and a left facial paresis as false localizing signs. Symptomatology was secondary to decompensation of the hydrocephalus, and was associated with aqueductal stenosis. Complete and rapid regression of the symptomatology after ventriculo-caval shunt was observed. Type 1 Arnold-Chiari malformation can manifest itself clinically in a number of ways. Cranial nerve abnormalities are uncommon, and may be false localizing signs. Unsuccessful investigations can delay the diagnosis and the treatment.
Facial palsy of short duration induced by compressing the extratemporal facial nerve; By compressing the extratemporal facial nerve of guinea pigs, the author succeeded in producing the reversible palsy of the facial nerve. The process and recovery of the palsy were assessed by evoked electromyogram of the orbicularis oculi muscle, and by blink reflex elicited by air puff. Nerve specimens obtained from the compressed site were examined under light microscope. In this experiment, the compression force was 1.6 kgW and the width of compressed area was 1.0 mm. The duration of compression varied from one to 30 seconds. In the first experiment, the author produced the palsy of a relatively short duration. The palsy was not induced by the compression of less than 5 seconds. After the compression from 5 to 15 seconds conductivity of the nerve remained for 24 hours, and then it was lost in 27 guinea pigs among 30. Three different types of the electromyographic response were observed during 24 hours after the compression. However, no significant histological difference in the findings of myelin was found among these three types. The compression for 5 seconds resulted in the palsy for average 16 days in 15 guinea pigs without exception. In the second experiment, the therapeutic effect of steroid hormone was investigated using 20 guinea pigs in which the nerve was compressed for 5 seconds. In 10 guinea pigs, methylprednisolone acetate was injected 20 mg/kg intramuscularly immediately after the compression and once every week. In 10 control guinea pigs, the same amount of physiological saline was injected in the same manner. In the steroid group, the blink reflex was restored significantly earlier than in control. The evoked electromyographic response in the steroid group appeared about one week earlier than in control. Histologically, the remyelinative process progressed earlier in the steroid group than in control. Based on both experimental studies, it can be concluded that the compression for 5 seconds is thought to be appropriate to investigate the therapeutic effect of different modality of treatment. Injection of steroid hormone accelerates repair of mechanical injury of the nerve.
The pectoralis minor vascularized muscle graft for the treatment of unilateral facial palsy; A series of 10 pectoralis minor vascularized muscle transfers to reanimate the face in unilateral facial palsy are presented. The procedure is carried out in two stages. The first stage constitutes a nerve graft from the functional contralateral facial nerve to the preauricular region of the paralyzed side. Six months later, the pectoralis minor is transferred to the denervated side of the face with restoration of its neurovascular pedicle. The muscle is well suited to its new position with respect to length and bulk, as well as its fanlike shape. The diameter of its vascular pedicle is comparable with the facial vessels. The results demonstrate function in 8 of the 10 grafts, the two failures relating to early vascular thrombosis rather than an inability to reinnervate the muscle grafts.
Management of temporal nerve injuries; Transection of the temporal branch of the facial nerve results in paralysis of the frontalis muscle with subsequent inability to wrinkle the forehead. In addition there is ptosis of the eyebrow with upper visual field defects. The intent of this article is to outline an orderly, rational approach to the management of such injuries based on our experience with seven patients whose nerve was damaged during Mohs surgery for cancer ablation. Repair options include various combinations of direct brow-plasty, indirect temporal or coronal browlifts, and adjunctive upper lid blepharoplasty.
Value of plasma exchanges in children with neurological complications of systemic lupus erythematosus; The case reported concerns a child presenting with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with acute neurological symptoms who improved after plasma exchanges. The value of plasma exchange in patients with SLE remains unclear. It seems to be useful for acute and severe neurological impairments in patients already receiving high dose corticosteroid therapy.
Analysis of fifty cases of facial palsy due to otitis media; Fifty cases of facial palsy (FP) due to otitis media treated in our hospital during the 10-year period from 1972 to 1981 were analyzed. The averaged percentage of this incidence was 3.1% of all the FP occurring. FP due to otitis media acuta (OMA) was frequently seen in infants. FP due to otitis media chronica (OMC) tended to occur in combination with cholesteatoma or acute exacerbations of infection. Paralyses were generally mild and bacteria from the otorrhea were similar to those of OMC without FP. When present, sites of dehiscence of the facial canal were most frequently seen in its horizontal portion. Electromyographically, the posterior (mastoid) side of the horizontal portion of the facial nerve bundle seemed to be related to the branch to the orbicularis oculi muscle, while the anterior (stapes) side was directed to the orbicularis oris muscle.
The triad of neurologic manifestations of Lyme disease: Meningitis, cranial neuritis, and radiculoneuritis; We studied 38 patients with Lyme meningitis, a newly recognized spirochetal infection. The patients characteristically had intermittent attacks of severe headache, mild meningismus, and a predominantly lymphocytic pleocytosis. In addition to meningitis, 11 patients experienced subtle encephalitic signs, 19 had cranial neuritis, most commonly unilateral or bilateral facial palsy, and 12 developed peripheral radiculoneuritis, plexitis, or mononeuritis multiplex. Without antibiotic therapy, the duration of neurologic involvement was 3 to 18 months. Although sometimes incomplete, the triad of neurologic manifestations of Lyme disease - meningitis, cranial neuritis, and radiculoneuritis - presents a unique clinical picture.
Facial palsy followed stapedectomy: (A case report); A case of peripheral facial palsy which appeared 8 days following ipsilateral stapedectomy, was diagnosed as Bell's palsy. We stress the uncommon coincidence of the two events and the important implications in the treatment of a palsy appearing after middle ear surgery. Bell's palsy is an unusual but real possibility which should be borne in mind before deciding on extended surgical exploration.
Anesthetic management of a patient with moebius syndrome; Moebius syndrome is a rare congenital dysplasia of cranial nerves (1,2). The VI and VII cranial nerves are commonly affected, resulting in esotropia and complete or partial facial paralysis. Occasionally the V, X, XI, and XII cranial nerves are also involved, resulting in difficulties in chewing, swallowing, and coughing, and often leading to aspiration with respiratory complications. The following is a report of the anesthetic management and postoperative complications in a patient with Moebius syndrome.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; A 13-year-old girl was examined in the Dermatologic Outpatient Clinic, The Chaim Sheba Medical Center because of a history of a progressive edema of the upper lip. Histopathologic examination of a biopsy specimen of the upper lip showed dermal edema and focal accumulations of a tuberculoid infiltrate indistinguishable from sarcoidosis.
Segmentally innervated latissimus dorsi muscle. Microsurgical transfer for facial reanimation; In spite of its reliable and long neurovascular pedicle, the latissimus dorsi muscle is generally considered unsuitable for facial reanimation, largely due to its size and bulk. We describe the anatomic dissections and clinical experience using a small segmentally innervated portion of the latissimus dorsi muscle to restore facial animation.
Topodiagnosis in peripheral facial paralysis; The topodiagnosis allows the physician to determine the topographic localization of pathology involving the facial nerve. It is based on clinical tests that evaluate the function of each one of the rami of the facial nerve. With a statistic of 873 patients, the Facial Nerve Group of Hospital das Clínicas, São Paulo University, found that suprageniculate lesions are responsible for 50% of the facial nerve involvement of several etiologies. Based on these results, the physician is able to develop a rationale for therapy and surgical access for facial nerve lesions.
Ultrasound physiotherapy in peripheral facial paralysis; In a survey on the onset of peripheral facial paralysis, the role of hypertension in the stylomastoid canal compressing the facial nerve is underlined. Intracanalicular hypertension is due to edema resulting from capillary vasodilatation, secondary to anoxia due to a regional vasospasm. When return channels of local circulation are blocked, the edema is further stabilized. Consequent nervous blockage, however, very often does not go neyond the functional level; prompt recovery in the majority of cases after hypertension is averted, confirms this asertion. Nevertheless, current treatments seem to have little effect on Bell's palsy. In the present experiment, daily ultrasound irradiations of the mastoid process were tried on 30 cases of peripheral facial paralysis. Results give evidence that this therapy has particular efficiency when applied early in the course of the paralysis, before the onset of Wallerian degeneration. Integral cure or nearly complete recovery was attained before the 20th sitting in 14 cases out of 15 patients where treatment was begun before the 8th day of paralysis. The efficiency of ultrasound therapy proved to be less marked when applied with delay or applied on subjects with unhealthy systemic condition. Improvement in some of these cases was evident though and dependent on the presence and quantity of nervous fibres having escaped Wallerian degeneration.
The correction of paralytic medial ectropion; Ten cases of paralytic medial ectropion associated with 7th nerve palsy were treated with a new procedure involving shortening of the medial canthal structures and division of the inferior canaliculus with subsequent marsupialisation. The success of this operation is supported by anatomical and functional studies.
Tick-borne meningopolyneuritis (Garin-Bujadoux, Bannwarth); We studied 100 patients with tick-borne meningopolyneuritis (Garin-Bujadoux, Bannwarth), the neurologic component of European erythema chronicum migrans disease. They had intensive radicular pain, asymmetric polyneuritis combined often with uni- or bilateral facial palsy, lymphocytic meningitis without or with only slight meningismus, and a course lasting three to five months. Neurologic abnormalities were preceded by the bite of a tick or an insect in 37 percent of patients or by an erythema in 41 percent. In addition, many patients had extraneural involvement, such as fever or fatigue. The outcome was favorable in all cases, and occurred faster with antibiotic treatment, but a few patients had slight residual peripheral nervous system deficits.
Chronic meningitis and Lyme disease in Sweden; We studied 35 patients with chronic meningitis. The neurological abnormalities included aseptic meningitis, cranial neuropathy (mostly facial palsy), motor and sensory peripheral radiculoneuropathy, and myelitis. Neurological symptoms were sometimes preceded by erythema chronicum migrans or an insect bite and were often accompanied by fever, malaise, profound fatigue, and weight loss. The cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) abnormalities consisted of a predominantly mononuclear pleocytosis, an elevated CSF protein (mean 2.3 g/l), intrathecal synthesis of oligoclonal immunoglobulin G, and, in half of the patients, a fall in the CSF/blood glucose ratio. High antibody titers to the Lyme spirochete and the Swedish Ixodes ricinus spirochete were demonstrated by immunofluorescence in 26 of the 35 patients. By imprint immunofixation of electrofocused samples of serum and CSF, intrathecal production of oligoclonal Lyme-spirochete-specific IgG was demonstrated in one patient with chronic meningitis. Four sequential paired samples of serum and CSF from this patient showed local synthesis of spirochete-specific antibodies in CSF. The 35 patients improved or recovered, sometimes dramatically, during a two-week course of intravenous penicillin G.
Surgical treatment of large acoustic nerve neurinomas using an exclusively translabyrinthine approach. Report on 50 cases; A combined otoneurosurgical team has operated upon 68 patients with acoustic nerve neurinomas over a period of 13 months (Sept. 1982-Oct. 1983). Exploration and operation in this homogeneous series were carried out under the same conditions, and a CT scan was performed in each patient before and after surgery. The size of the neuroma was less than 2 cm in diameter in 18 cases, between 2 and 3 cm in 28 cases, between 3 and 4 cm in 10 and 4 cm or more in 12. This report relates to the 50 neurinomas over 2 cm in diameter, these requiring multidisciplinary co-operation during surgical removal. The translabyrinthine approach was used exclusively in 48 cases, and was combined with a retrosigmoid approach in the other 2 cases. Total tumoral excision was possible in 46 cases (92%) and partial removal in 4 patients (8%). Complications included one death (bilateral giant neurinomas), resolving purulent meningitis (2 cases), 3 patients with cerebrospinal fluid fistulae which healed after lumbar drainage, and 1 case of postoperative hematoma in the ponto-cerebellar angle requiring further surgery. The facial nerve was undamaged in 48 cases (96%). Postoperative facial palsy developed in 39 cases, and 15 have recovered subnormal motility. Follow up is insufficient in the other 17 patients. It is suggested that the translabyrinthine approach enables ablation of neurinomas of whatever size. This approach is reliable since it avoids injury to neighboring nerve structures. The facial nerve is detected immediately and can be protected throughout operation. The latter is, however, a long and difficult procedure, and otoneurosurgical collaboration is advisable.
Antiarrhythmic effects of stellate ganglion block; The effects of stellate ganglion block in preventing arrhythmia as well as their effects on hemodynamics were studied in animals and man. In 28 mongrel dogs, the cardiac muscle was stimulated by gradually intensifying the electricity with a high frequency alternative current through either the coaxial or bipolar electrodes placed in the endocardium or the epicardium. The minimal amperage to produce premature ventricular contraction more than once in every 5 to 6 heart beats was determined. The stellate ganglion resection (SGR) of either side brought about a rise in the arrhythmic threshold of the heart, but the effects on the hemodynamics were slightly different with the SGR of the right and left side. In 68 patients, 57 underwent stellate ganglion block (SGB) with 1% lidocaine as a treatment for facial palsy and they showed a slight change in their hemodynamics, as had been seen in dogs. In 10 of the 11 remaining patients with premature ventricular contraction, the SGB of either side produced an antiarrhythmic effect. A tentative block of the stellate ganglion with local anesthetics may be useful as a treatment for acutely ill patients with ventricular arrhythmia when conventional drug therapy is ineffective.
Bell's palsy: The steroid controversy revisited; The treatment of Bell's palsy with steroids is controversial. Several series of patients have shown steroids to be beneficial to a statistically significant degree; however, their experimental design was of poor quality and made this data less clinically valuable. The negative trials showing no benefit with steroids did not examine enough patients to have a chance to show a clinically important difference. These series must be considered as partially completed studies and not as conclusive negative trials. A Type I error analysis is the accepted method of statistically analyzing the data of these trials. After reviewing the evidence, it becomes clear that further scientific research is needed.
Rehabilitation of the paralyzed lower lip; There is a continuum of smiles from the one of the reserved Mona Lisa to a full dental smile where there is maximal exposure of teeth and full triggering of all the major and minor smile muscles. The ramus mandibularis paralysis is more obviously noted in the full dental smile. The ramus mandibularis paralysis is best corrected through a technique of wedge resection of the lower lip with a segmental sling to the nasolabila groove.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis: A review of forty cases caused by facial nerve injuries in the posterior fossa; Hypoglossal-facial anastomosis has been our procedure of choice in the repair of the permanently injured facial nerve in the cerebellopontine cistern, when the nerve cannot be primarily repaired. Total failures are few and complications are rare. Most results are good to excellent, if assessment is based upon realistic expectations. These include: 1. normal facial symmetry in repose, 2. good mid-face voluntary motion, 3. no reflex or emotional facial movement, 4. some synkinesis and donor-injected mass facial movement, and 5. surprisingly little functional loss from hypoglossal paralysis. Our experience indicates better results in younger patients and in those repairs completed shortly after injury. These findings correlate well with the experience gained in peripheral nerve repair in the extremities. There appears to be no absolute time period between injury and repair beyond which this anastomosis is definitely contraindicated. Finally, this procedure does not negate adjunctive plastic surgical procedures. Most of our patients have had tarsorrhaphy or physiologic protection of the eye, but few have had corrective cosmetic surgical procedures until the past few years. We have never used cervical sympathectomy to reduce the size of the palpebral fissure. Better surgical procedures to correct both extracranial and intratemporal facial nerve injuries have significantly reduced the indication for anastomosis procedures. Additionally, over the past two decades, the improved diagnostic and surgical techniques for posterior fossa tumors have considerably reduced the incidence of facial paralysis. As these trends continue, the number of patients requiring nerve anastomosis for facial paralysis will continue to decline and what was once the only surgical procedure to repair the paralyzed face will become a rare operation.
Parotid gland surgery using the shaw hemostatic scalpel; Twenty-five patients who underwent parotid gland surgery using the Shaw Hemostatic Scalpel (group 1) were compared with 25 patients who had similar surgery using conventional techniques (group 2). Overall, the patients in group 1 had less blood loss and shorter operative times. In patients who underwent superficial parotidectomy, the incidence of temporary partial facial nerve paralysis was 31% in the experimental group v 43% in the conventional group. The mean number of branch paralyses per patient was one in group 1 v 1.9 in group 2, and time to recovery of full function was 50% less in group 1. The Shaw Hemostatic Scalpel is a safe, efficacious instrument for use in parotid gland survey.
Bell's palsy and cytomegalovirus mononucleosis in pregnancy; The clinical manifestations of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection are diverse. In common with other herpes viruses, it has been a predilection for involvement of the nervous system and it can cause aseptic meningitis, encephalitis and Guillain-Barre type polyneuritis. A case is described here of primary generalized CMV infection presenting with an isolated Bell's palsy in a pregnant woman. The potential hazards of corticosteroid therapy for Bell's palsy in pregnancy are stressed.
Bell's palsy in children; The diagnosis Bell's palsy was made in 54 children. Three boys presented with 2 occurences of Bell's palsy. Age, sex distribution, treatment and outcome of recovery are described and compared to data in the literature.
Current medical treatment for facial palsy; Medical treatment for facial palsy includes an accurate diagnosis and reliable estimate of prognosis as well as appropriate medication. Cranial polyneuritis (Bell's palsy and Ramsay Hunt syndrome), the most common cause of facial palsy, is an inflammatory, autoimmune, demyelinating disease best treated by parenteral steroids without surgical intervention. The antiviral agent acyclovir is now being tested as an adjunct to or replacement for steroid therapy. Trauma, the second most common cause of facial palsy, is often treated with steroids, but no controlled study has ever been performed. However, animal experiments clearly demonstrate that steroid treatment of a compressed facial nerve accelerates repair of the mechanical injury and decreases time of recovery. Acute otitis media with facial palsy is best treated with myringotomy, appropriate antibiotics, and steroid therapy. The use of steroids with antibiotics improves the resolution of middle ear exudate fourfold, compared with the use of antibiotics alone. Other treatment modes in selected cases are discussed. Physiotherapy in the form of electrical stimulation of the facial muscles is not advised.
Indications for surgery for Bell's palsy; Transmastoid surgical decompression of the facial nerve was found to have no positive effect in recovery from facial nerve function in patients with Bell's palsy. Since the risks of such surgery are greater than the benefits, this procedure should not be performed on patients with Bell's palsy unless a tumor is suspected. A mass lesion is suspected if there is complete paralysis and loss of response to evoked electromyography within the first 2 weeks after onset of the palsy or if there is recurrent facial paralysis on the same side. Rehabilitation surgical procedures should be reserved for patients with acute Bell's palsy with keratitis unresponsive to medical therapy or for those seen late in the course of the disease to correct undesirable sequelae.
A case of adult T-cell leukemia initiated with central nervous system symptoms.; We treated a 52-year-old Japanese woman with adult T-cell leukemia (ATL) initiated with central nervous system (CNS) symptoms. Her chief complaints were paraplegia and left facial palsy. CNS-ATL was diagnosed because of the following three features. 1) Various sized lymphoid cells with marked nuclear convolution were numerous in her cerebrospinal fluid. 2) These cells were a monoclonal proliferation of T lymphocytes with OKT 4 marker. 3) The patient's serum was positive for anti-ATL associated antigen (ATLA). Although the neurological signs and symptoms improved markedly after intrathecal administration of combined chemotherapy (methotrexate, cytarabine and corticosteroid), these ATL cells were highly resistant to radiation therapy. The abdominal mass which developed in the course of the disease was diagnosed as a tumor formed of ATL cells, and VEPA (vincristine, endoxan, prednisolone and adriamycin) was administered with marked success.
Diagnosis and treatment of complications associated with local anaesthesia.; The safety record of local anaesthetic agents is high but complications do occur. These may be systemic reactions to the local anaesthetic itself or to the vasoconstrictor. The former may be allergic or toxic in nature. Psychomotor reactions, often attributed erroneously to the vasoconstrictor, are more common. Regional complications, usually due to faulty technique, may be immediate or delayed. Among the former are pain, haematoma formation, tissue blanching, facial paralysis, amaurosis, diplopia and needle breakage. The delayed regional complications include pain, prolonged anaesthesia or paraesthesia, trismus, infection, sloughing and ulceration. The management of these complications is described.
Congenital cholesteatoma. Report of two cases; Case 1. A 28-year-old male complained of left facial palsy of gradual onset. The examination showed ipsilateral profound sensorineural deafness and loss of caloric response without any perforation of the left tympanic membrane or otorrhea. The operation revealed a large cholesteatoma originating in the petrous pyramid. Case 2. A 21-year-old female was examined because of right facial palsy of gradual onset and ipsilateral facial spasm. The examination showed a right conductive hearing loss and a whitish mass behind an intact tympanic membrane. The operation revealed a cholesteatoma occupying the epitympanum.
Cross-face nerve grafting followed by free muscle transplantation in young patients with long-standing facial paralysis. Reanimation of the cheek and the angle of the mouth; For reanimation of the cheek in 8 young patients with long-standing facial palsy a method with cross-face nerve grafting followed by free muscle transplantation has been used. The sural nerve was used as nerve graft and placed in a subcutaneous tunnel across the face. In the normal cheek 3-4 fascicles of the nerve were anastomosed to facial nerve branches innervating muscles elevating the angle of the mouth. Four to 13 months later the extensor digitorum brevis muscle to the second toe or the palmaris longus was transplanted to the paralysed cheek. It was attached between the zygomatic arch and the angle of the mouth. The end of the nerve was sutured to the muscle after taking a biopsy. The follow-up period has been 7-30 months. At 7 months 6 patients had positive EMG, either on voluntary movement or on stimulation of the contralateral facial nerve. Three of them had also a slight movement in the cheek. Two patients are as yet only 7 months postoperative. In the remaining two cases, No. 2 and 4, there were no signs of reinnervation. At 18 months 4 out of 6 patients had a synchronous natural contraction in the cheek giving increased balance to the mouth. These patients had a positive EMG. In patients No. 2 and 4 there was neither innervation nor improvement. At 30 months there was additional improvement in two cases but as previously in patients No. 2 and 4 there was neither improvement nor signs of innervation of the muscle on the EMG. The other 4 patients have not reached this postoperative stage. To summarize, synchronous, voluntary movement of the paralysed cheek was obtained in 6 out of 8 treated patients.
Nonspecific necrotizing petrositis: An unusual complication of otitis in children; Three cases of an unusual form of suppurative chronic otitis media in children 2 and 3 years old are presented. The clinical feature common to all cases was otorrhea, beginning at the first months of life with a silent evolution to a complete peripheral facial paralysis. In one case the facial paralysis was bilateral. The treatment applied was surgical subtotal petrosectomy. The surgical findings were bloody granulation tissue, sequestering completely the otic capsule. The facial nerve was destroyed almost the total length of the Fallopian canal in all cases. The histopathologic examination revealed a destructive and nonspecific chronic inflammatory process. The culture showed Gram-negative organisms, such as Pseudomonas eruginosas and Proteus mirabilis. Etiologic aspects involved in the process are discussed and the name non-specific necrotizing petrositis is suggested to individualize this rare form of otitis which, with morbidity, leads to severe complications such as facial paralysis and deafness.
Paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia associated with Bell's palsy in a teenager at late pregnancy; Several attacks of ventricular tachycardia (VT) were observed in a fifteen-year-old girl at late pregnancy. Left sided Bell's Palsy was the accompanying presentation. The symptom started with a viral-like illness. The VT could be effectively controlled with IV Lidocaine therapy. Labor was induced and the delivery was uneventful. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this syndrome was not previously described.
Update on birth defects with isotretinoin; Due to continued reports of birth defects with isotretinoin (Accutane), the pregnancy warning has again been strengthened, a new patient leaflet has been prepared, and FDA has advised blood banks not to accept as donors persons who are on isotretinoin therapy, or who stopped taking the drug less than a month prior to donation. Isotretinoin, a vitamin A isomer, has been contraindicated in pregnancy since its approval for the treatment of severe, recalcitrant cystic acne. At the time of approval, this contraindication was based on well-documented animal teratogenicity. Subsequently, the drug's human teratogenicity was confirmed, and the pregnancy contraindication was strengthened and put into boldface type. As of July 1, 1984, FDA had received reports of 21 major birth defects and 24 spontaneous abortions associated with the use of isotretinoin in pregnancy, usually before the woman knew she was pregnant. All the birth defect cases involve a syndrome of small or absent ears, neurological injury, and cardiovascular defect, either in combination or separately. Facial dysmorphia with a small mouth and lower jaw, sometimes with celft palate, have also been observed.
Cheilitis granulomatosa (Melkersson-Rosenthal Syndrome): Therapy with clofazimine; A pilot study with the anti-leprosy agent clofazimine was conducted on seven patients with cheilitis granulomatosa or complete Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Beneficial effects were observed in all patients, dependent on the degree of the clinical expression of the disease: the variable attacks of lip swelling, characteristic of the edematous phase of this disease, were suppressed promptly and completely in all patients. Persistent residual swelling of the lips, caused by cellular inflammatory infiltrates, which was present in four patients prior to therapy, responded much less rapidly and - in three out of four - only incompletely. After drug withdrawal, four patients remained free of symptoms for periods ranging from 5 to 45 months; the remaining three patients relapsed after intervals of 3-18 months. The mode of action clofazimine takes in cheilitis granulomatosa is not understood at the present time but is likely to be linked to the phagocytosis-stimulating effect of this drug on macrophages.
Intravesical doxorubicin for the prophylaxis of superficial bladder tumors. A multicenter study; A multicenter trial was carried out with patients with superficial Ta-T1 bladder tumors in 37 urology centers throughout Italy. After transurethral resection (TUR) patients were given intravesical doxorubicin instillations at the mean dose of 50 mg per instillation diluted in 50 ml of distilled water or physiologic saline. Chemoprophylaxis was performed at weekly intervals for the first 4 weeks and then monthly. Cytoscopies were taken every 3 months during the first year, every 4 months during the second year, and every 6 months thereafter. A total of 435 patients, with a median follow-up time of 436 days, were considered eligible for the evaluation of activity. The lowest recurrence rate and the longest disease-free interval was observed in the group of patients with primary or single tumor. Treatment was well tolerated; 119 patients (22.7%) complained of local adverse reactions, and 10 (1.9%) of systemic adverse reactions. In 34 of the patients (6.5%) treatment had to be discontinued.
Facial paralysis in longitudinal temporal bone fractures: A review of 26 cases; The management of facial nerve injury resulting from temporal bone fracture continues to be a topic of discussion. The indications for surgery as well as the proper timing and extent of surgical exploration are the principal questions debated. This study reviews a large series of patients (26), treated for facial paralysis following a longitudinal temporal bone fracture. The most frequent site of injury was the area of the geniculate ganglion. The injury to the facial nerve was often severe. We recommend early exploration in these cases when electrical studies indicate a severe injury. In most cases a combined mastoid and middle fossa approach is required.
Palliative skin surgery for old facial paralyses; The palliative treatment of longstanding facial paralysis aims at compensating for the global deficit of all the motor musculature of the hemi-face. Cutaneous plastic surgery comprises two stages: the upper stage and the lower stage. For the upper stage, the authors regard surgery of the frontal eyebrow ptosis as treatment of the paralysis of the orbital muscles of the eyelid. For the lower stage there is the face lift and Pitanguy flap, a nasogenic excision which consists of epidermizing a genian elliptical flap and rotating the superior branch, which is attached to the malleary periosteum, while the inferior branch is sutured to the buccal commissure. The resulting over-correction reduces in time. On the whole, the authors have described simple methods giving immediate, esthetically acceptable results.
Alternative to tarsorrhaphy in peripheral facial nerve palsy with expectation of functional recovery. Technical note; A simple technique is described for protecting the cornea in patients with peripheral facial nerve palsy while waiting for recovery of nerve function. The application of an adhesive strip to the superior eyelid permits opening and closing of the eye, and provides good protection of the cornea.
Dysarthria and aphagia: A case study of neuromuscular treatment; This case study involves a 44-year-old man with flaccid dysarthria, right hemiparesis, left facial paresis, left vocal fold paralysis, and aphagia following multiple gunshot wounds. He was treated surgically with a tracheostomy, feeding gastrostomy, left temporalis muscle sling, left cricopharyngeal myotomy, hypoglossal nerve anastomosis, and left true vocal fold Teflon injection. After seven years, the patient was referred for speech therapy. The areas of glottic closure, velopharyngeal closure, and tongue strength and mobility were stressed initially in speech therapy. Since these mechanisms were related to this aphagia, it was hypothesized that the oral motor activities used for speech would also aid in swallowing. After nine weeks of intensive practice, gains were noted in strength and movement for the tongue, velum and larynx. Shortly thereafter, he swallowed blender-texture food.
Facial nerve neurinoma: Two cases located in the horizontal portion; Two small facial neurinomas located in the horizontal portion were presented to demonstrate the clinical features, diagnostic evaluation, and surgical treatment. These two cases show the early state of facial neurinoma and suggest the mechanism of facial paralysis by facial neurinoma. Facial nerve decompression is recommended for Bell's palsy unresponsive to the conservative therapy and recurrent facial palsy.
Bulbar palsy with acute vocal cord paralysis in Shy-Drager syndrome; A 55 year old male patient had been suffering from hoarseness for 10 months and from dysphagia for 2 when he suddenly developed respiratory insufficiency, caused by bilateral recurrent nerve paralysis. He had had an orthostatic hypotension, hypohidrosis and impotence for some time. Neurologic investigation revealed an essentially unilateral hypoglossal nerve paresis and soft palate paralysis, a primary orthostatic hypotension, anhidrosis, total inability to swallow with esophagus denervation and loss of ganglion cells from the esophageal musculature, all suggesting a slowly progressive disorder. The diagnosis was the Shy Drager syndrome with bulbar palsy. The differential diagnosis is discussed. Dominant bulbar cranial nerve symptoms are rare in the multisystemic Shy Drager syndrome. They can cause life threatening situations and diagnostic problems.
Benign intracranial hypertension and facial diplegia; Benign intracranial hypertension (BIH) may occasionally be associated with false localizing cranial nerve palsies. Abducens nerve palsies reportedly occur in 10% to 60% of patients with BIH, whereas other cranial nerve palsies occur much less frequently. We treated a woman with benign intracranial hypertension and facial diplegia who showed complete resolution of her cranial nerve palsies after control of her elevated intracranial pressure with a lumboperitoneal shunt. The pathophysiologic course of cranial nerve palsies in patients with BIH is uncertain but in most cases probably represent a nonspecific pressure-related phenomenon, as was clearly demonstrated in this patient. The clinical association of BIH and facial diplegia has not, to our knowledge, been reported previously.
Facial nerve paralysis. I. General evaluation, Bell's palsy; The correct diagnosis of facial paralysis is not easily made but is important for proper management, since such paralysis is a sign or symptom of underlying disorder. The clinican must be able to make an accurate and complete assessment of the entire facial nerve. Once a diagnosis is made, information from the history and results of topographic and electrical testing can be used in planning management and treatment. Bell's palsy, which is idiopathic, is the most common cause of facial paralysis. It is acute in onset and can come from a variety of causes. In the large majority of patients, the condition resolves either spontaneously or with treatment. Currently available treatments include corticosteroid therapy and facial nerve decompression, although both remain controversial.
Bell's palsy. Nonrecurrent v recurrent and unilateral v bilateral; Bell's palsy was classified into five categories - unilateral nonrecurrent, unilateral recurrent, simultanous bilateral, alternating bilateral, and recurrent bilateral type - based on the clinical statistical study of two large series of patients with Bell's palsy treated at different locations in Japan. One series consisted of 1,217 patients and the other of 1,197 for a total of 2,414 patients in this study. The incidence of each type and the age and sex distributions were similar in the two groups. Clinical features of each type are described. The results imply that more specific causative factors trigger the recurrences and simultaneous bilateral attacks.
Muscle transplantation by fascicular territory; In some muscles, distinct and separate portions of the muscle are each under the control of a different fascicle of the motor nerve. Although there is some slight overlap in areas, this unit, a single fascicle muscle territory, is present in the gracilis muscle. Microneurovascular technique have improved the reliability of muscle transplantation for the reconstruction of facial paralysis. The amount of movement obtained depends on many factors, including the amount of muscle transplanted and the adequacy of its reinnervation. The ability to transplant a small segment of a muscle based on the fascicular territory enables the surgeon to supply the amount of movement that each individual patient requires.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Miescher's disease, characterized by recurring spontaneous swelling of one or both lips (which may become permanent), has no obvious cause. Many authors consider this phenomenon a part of the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, since it greatly resembles it both clinically and histologically. The manifestations of the Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome are facial swelling, facial nerve paresis, and plicated tongue. Not all the symptoms need appear, and quite often patients may show swelling of the lips and plicated tongue without having facial paresis. This article presents a case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in which the patient had a permanent swelling of the upper lip, a plicated tongue, and migraine but no facial paresis. Surgical correction of the upper lip is described.
Principles of electric stimulation in flaccid paralysis; Electrostimulation must be selective and sparing. Selectivity is obtained establishing which denervated muscles are responsible for loss of a given function, choosing a proper size of the stimulating electrode and its point of application, and testing the muscle bioelectrically. Sparing electrostimulation includes the application of current of appropriate parameters, that is: impulse duration, current intensity, frequency of impulses and duration of procedure. The results obtained by this method assessed according the Lovett's scoring system were very good and good in moderately advanced paresis, but unsatisfactory in severe paralysis.
Tic convulsif, the combination of geniculate neuralgia and hemifacial spasm relieved by vascular decompression; A patient had combined otalgia and intractable unilateral facial spasm relieved by microsurgical vascular decompression of the seventh and eighth cranial nerve complex in the cerebellopontine angle without section of the intermediate nerve. A dolicho-ectatic anterior inferior cerebellar artery compressed the seventh and eighth cranial nerves complex, suggesting that vascular compression of the intermediate nerve or of the sensory portion of the facial nerve may cause geniculate neuralgia. 'Tic convulsif' seems to be a combination of geniculate neuralgia and hemifacial spasm. This combination could be due to vascular compression of the sensory and motor components of the facial nerve at their junction with the brainstem.
Clinical manifestations and descriptive epidemiology of Lyme disease in New Jersey, 1978 to 1982; Clinical manifestations and epidemiologic characteristics of 117 cases (31 children and 86 adults) of Lyme disease in New Jersey from 1978 to 1982 are summarized. The male-female sex ration was 1.9:1. An endemic focus in Monmouth County has been recognized. Erythema chronicum migrans was present in 93% of cases and was the only clinical manifestation in 25% of patients. Nonspecific febrile syndrome, in addition to erythema chronicum migrans, was present in 45% of cases; 26% had arthritis. The proportion of cases with arthritis in 1982 (7/56) was less than for 1978 to 1981 (24/61) probably because of better recognition of milder cases by physicians and earlier antibiotic treatment, which may have reduced late complications. Meningitis (10%) and cranial nerve palsies (8%) were the most frequent neurological manifestations. As medical personnel and the public become more aware of the disease, Lyme disease is being recognized with increased frequency in central and southern New Jersey.
Decompression operation in peripheral facial palsy: Indication and timing of operation; The efficacy of facial nerve decompression was investigated in 21 surgical cases and 143 nonsurgical cases. Having used the retro auricular transmastoid approach for decompression, we did not open the internal ear canal. Results are summarized as follows. Electroneurography was most useful in determining the indication of the operation. When degeneration of fibers of the facial nerve was estimated at more than 95% (less than 5% in electroneurography), operation had to be considered. Recovery of surgical cases was better than that of nonsurgical cases, whose prognosis had been considered to be as poor as the former before the treatment. From the standpoint of the timing of operation, the earlier the decompression operation was carried out, the better the recovery was. The authors propose that otologists decide the indication of operation at least within 3 weeks, preferable 2 weeks after the onset of palsy when the prognosis is considered to be poor.
Tick-borne meningoradiculitis. A spirochetal disease; Three pediatric cases of tick-born meningoradiculitis are presented. This disease is characterized by a distinct sequence of symptoms: erythema chronicum migrans, localized pain, and eventually radicular asymmetric neurologic involvement (in particular facial palsy) associated with findings of aseptic meningitis. On the basis of specific serologic data in these three patients, it is suggested that the etiology of tick-borne meningoradiculitis is also spirochetal, as recently shown for the tick-associated Lyme disease. Analogue positive spirochetal antibody titers were found in additional patients with erythema chronicum migrans and in a child with Bafverstedt cutaneous lymphadenosis (see addendum). 20% of tick specimens collected in the area of Lucerne (Ixodes ricinus) were infected by these spirochetes.
Surgical anatomy of donor sites for free muscle transplantation to the paralyzed face; This article discusses the evolution of muscle transplantation techniques, and the results achieved are correlated with our morphofunctional studies. This provides further information on which to make a considered judgment of free muscle transfers, particularly related to the face.
Management of acute extratemporal facial nerve palsy; The facial nerve is the most frequently affected peripheral nerve of the body. Its acute palsy is one of the most devastating and yet, by itself, nonlethal medical conditions. Facial nerve paralysis is associated not only with loss of normal function of the mouth and eyelids, but also with loss of the ability of facial expression. Depending on the cause and management, many of these paralyses will be permanent. For centuries, doctors have worked for ways to reverse the acute palsy or reduce deformity and morbidity of the established palsy. With advances in the understanding of the function of peripheral nerves and the benefit of microsurgery, diagnosis and management have recently improved. Such advances are made in both early repair and late reconstruction. This article addresses the management of acute extratemporal lesions of the facial nerve.
Cross-facial nerve grafting; The surgical treatment of facial palsy remains a challenge despite the number of techniques devised to obtain reanimation of the facial muscles. Cross-facial nerve grafting was described in the last decade and has given rise to some controversy. We have used cross-facial nerve grafts in 38 patients since 1975. An account of this experience will be reviewed here.
Free muscle transplantation for facial paralysis; The surgical reconstruction of an established facial paralysis is one of the most demanding tasks of the reconstructive surgeon. The 16 mimic muscles on each side of the face are controlled by the facial nerve. They function independently and in concert to provide three different functions. These functions are the production of facial tone, voluntary facial movement, and involuntary facial expression. The technique of muscle transplantation can be applied to any one of the muscles that are available for transplantation by microneurovascular techniques. There are three stages to any muscle transplantation. The first two, preparation of the muscle for transplantation and preparation of the recipient site, which precede muscle transplantation, may frequently be done simultaneously by two teams, thus shortening the overall length of the procedure.
Facial nerve grafting in acoustic neurinoma; The introduction of the operating microscope has strongly influenced our surgical possibilities for preserving and reconstructing the facial nerve in the cerebellopontine angle as well as in the internal auditory canal. In 1975, we introduced a new method for facial nerve reconstruction in the cerebellopontine angle. Since then, we have operated upon 20 patients using this technique of intracranial-intratemporal nerve graft; 15 of these have been done directly after the removal of the acoustic neurinoma. Of these patients, 12 have been followed over a period of 9 to 87 months. A sural nerve graft 4 to 5 cm in length was placed between the central stump of facial nerve at the brain stem and the distal end of facial nerve in tympanal or mastoidal course after total removal of the acoustic neurinoma. The results, demonstrated in this paper, are highly encouraging. It is recommended that this operative technique be included in the entire concept of microsurgery in the cerebellopontine angle.
Disorders of facial nerve function; Disorders of the facial nerve embarass both the patient and his environment. Generally, 'plus' and 'minus' syndromes can be distinguished. The minus syndromes encompass the aetiologically different types of facial paralysis, i.e. idiopathic palsy, herpes zoster oticus and paralysis due to trauma or tumor. The plus syndromes consist of facial hemispasm and of facial myokymia. Clinical examination is supplemented by electrophysiological tests which play an important role in the assessment of the site (topodiagnosis) and the time course of the disorder. Of particular importance are electromyographic and neurographic investigations, the orbicularis oculi reflex and the stapedius reflex. Otolaryngological, radiological and cerebrospinal fluid investigatons may become necessary. Concerning treatment, there is an increasing tendency to administer corticosteroids as early as possible in idiopathic facial palsy. Surgery must be considered in cases with traumatic or tumorous lesions. Facial hemispasm is frequently managed by membrane stabilizers such as carbamazepine or phenytoin. A decompression of the nerve in the posterior fossa should be discussed in refractory cases. The management of myokymia depends on the underlying disorders (multiple sclerosis, polyradiculitis, pontine tumor).
Defective response to social cues in Mobius' syndrome; A case of Mobius' syndrome is presented, with the mask-like facies and poor social relationships consistent with this diagnosis. Previous thought has implicated the inability to transmit facial cues as a cause for impoverished social functioning. The authors hypothesize that the inability to transmit is related to an inability to receive cues. They repeated a paradigm used previously to test ability to interpret facial cues. The otherwise intelligent patient could not perform a task previously performed by approximately 300 other subjects. These findings suggest that the rehabilitation of Mobius patients should include education in interpreting social cues.
Hypoglossofacial anastomosis for facial palsy after resection of acoustic neuroma; Twelve patients with facial palsy after resection of acoustic neuromas were treated by hypoglossofacial anastomosis. The nerve anastomosis were performed 1-2 months after resection of the tumor in 10 cases (group A). Two cases (group B) had the anastomosis performed more than 2 years after damage to the facial nerve. All the cases had been followed for more than 9 months. The results of reinnervation of the paralyzed facial muscles were quite satisfactory i.e., over 80% of the cases obtained a good functional recovery. Although there was a 2-month delay in functional recovery of group B patients, the final results were practically the same in both groups. Therefore, the effect of the duration of the paralysis of the facial nerve seems to be less important in facial nerve surgery than in nerve surgery of the extremities. The procedures of anastomosis of descendens hypoglossi to the distal stump to the hypoglossal in 7 of the 10 patients using the hypoglossal as the donor nerve was of little help in prevention or restoration of the hemiatrophy of the tongue. In spite of long-term inconvenience in speaking and eating after section of the hypoglossal, all the patients were able to make enough adjustments about 2-3 months after nerve surgery.
A metastatic glomus jugulare tumor. A temporal bone report; The clinicopathologic findings in the temporal bone of a patient with a highly malignant metastasizing glomus jugulare tumor are reported. The patient exhibited all the symptoms of primary malignant tumors of the ear, including facial paralysis, otorrhea, pain, hearing loss, tinnitus, dizziness, and vertigo. He was treated with cobalt irradiation followed by radium implant in the ear canal for a residual tumor; then a left-sided radical mastoidectomy was performed.
Blepharospasm-oromandibular dystonia (Meige's syndrome) misdiagnosed as secondary hemifacial spasm; Orofacial dyskinesia (Meige's syndrome) is a rare clinical entity. This disorder was first described in 1910 by Henry Meige as 'spasm facial median,' a disabling spasm of the facial musculature which had frequently been misdiagnosed and inappropriately treated. This report concerns a patient who presented with tonic hemifacial spasm twenty-two years after contracting Bell's palsy. The condition was initially thought to be secondary to faulty regeneration of the facial nerve until Meige's syndrome became fully manifested over a period of two years. The diagnostic characteristic as well as the forms of treatment for this unusual disorder are presented.
A review of acoustic tumors: 1979-1982; This is a review of the English literature relative to acoustic tumors from 1979 through 1982. I have selected what I consider the most important articles. Many other significant papers are not discussed. The material is presented in ten categories; diagnosis, histopathology, surgical approaches, facial nerve preservation and repair, von Recklinghausen's disease and bilateral tumors, nonacoustic cerebellopontine angle tumors, instrumentation, basic research, complications of surgery, and miscellaneous topics. In each section the articles are briefly reviewed, and sometimes a personal point of view is presented.
Muscle transposition for facial reanimation. Indications and results; The technique of transposing the temporalis and masseter muscles to reanimate the face following long-standing facial paralysis was introduced at the turn of the century. More recently it has been popularized by Rubin and Conley. The indications for performing this technique are outlined, and the results are analyzed.
Muscle transposition for facial reanimation: Indications and results; Temporalis muscle transposition was used an an effective technique to reanimate the paralyzed face. It was employed under the following general conditions: (1) the peripheral facial neuromuscular system was unsuitable; (2) the central stump was not available for grafting and the patient elected not to have another cranial nerve sacrificed; (3) the hypoglossal-facial anastomosis was contraindicated; and (4) unsatisfactory results were achieved with grafting or following a hypoglossal-facial anastomosis. The technique described by Rubin and Baker and Conley has been modified to achieve reproducible, reliable, and satisfying results. The main modifications include (1) muscle lengthening with attached periosteum; (2) attaching muscle to the mucous membrane-mucocutaneous junction of the upper lip; (3) creating a wide cheek tunnel to allow the temporalis muscle to lie flat, which minimizes the bulge in the cheek region; and (4) implanting a Silastic block only in selected cases.
Assessing recovery of facial function following acoustic neuroma surgery; Assessing preservation of facial nerve function in acoustic neuroma surgery has been difficult because there has been no standard means of reporting. A patient questionnaire and grading system are presented which assess the degree of facial nerve recovery quite accurately. It is proposed that this questionnaire be used as a standard method for reporting facial nerve function postoperatively. This questionnaire was used with a series of patients to assess their recovery following acoustic neuroma surgery. At 1 year, 64% of patients reported normal facial function and another 15% reported good return of facial function. Only 2% reported complete facial paralysis.
Contralateral reinnervation in peripheral facial palsy; Neurological and EMG studies were performed on 17 patients with peripheral facial palsy in order to investigate the possibility of reinnervation of the palsied mimic muscles close to the middle facial line by outgrown fibres from the contralateral intact facial nerve. The patients were aged between 10 and 77 years (middle age 38 years) with duration of the facial palsy from 2 months to 30 years. In eight patients there were data about double reinnervation, both by the ipsilateral lesioned nerve and by the contralateral intact facial nerve. In contrast to the statement of other authors that the age of the patients, the duration of disease, the severity and the nature of facial palsy - acute or chronic, are of importance to the development of contralateral reinnervation, our data do not suggest a role for these factors.
Reanimation of the hemiparalytic tongue; Tongue hemiparesis is the inevitable result when the freshly severed 12th nerve is anastomosed to the trunk of a paralyzed 7th nerve in the technique commonly used by neurosurgeons, head and neck surgeons, otologists, and plastic surgeons to treat unilateral facial paralysis. This author has reactivated hemiparalytic tongues after research on cats. The technique has not been proved to be successful on two human beings. The reanimation is based on a simple Z-plasty of tongue muscle across the midline.
Cystic hygroma and facial nerve paralysis: A rare association; Cystic hygromas most often occur in the neck in children and are benign lesions not associated with cranial nerve palsies. We present two cases in which a facial nerve paralysis was one of the presenting symptoms. The computed tomographic (CT) scans localized the lesions, suggested a diagnosis, and obviated angiography. Secondary otitis media and intraparotid invasion and hemorrhage were responsible for the reversible facial nerve palsies. We suggest that CT of the temporal bone, parotid bed, and neck is the diagnostic procedure of choice in children clinically suspected of having cystic hygroma as the cause of a facial nerve paralysis.
Corticosteroids in neurologic disease; In some central and peripheral disorders, including tumors, acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, and myasthenia gravis, the value of steroids is clear. In others, notably MS, stroke, and Bell's palsy, their role remains debatable.
The development of lagophthalmos and posterior synechiae of the iris during treatment of leprosy with diaminodiphenylsulfone; Four years after controlled and standardized chemotherapy with diaminodiphenylsulfone (DDS), 316 patients in the leprosarium at Khokana, Nepal were re-examined for ophthalmological findings. Patients who, 4 years earlier, had not had lagophthalmos in either eye, nor posterior synechiae of the iris, had only developed these complications in the meantime if they were suffering from DDS-resistant leprosy. New posterior synechiae of the iris were only found in patients with inactive leprosy who had already had a posterior synechia in the fellow eye four years previously. In cases of inactive leprosy there was also a tendency for existing posterior synechiae to increase. It is emphasized that the development of lagophthalmos or posterior synechiae of the iris indicates that a previously inactive leprosy may have become reactivated in spite of treatment with DDS.
Prolonged course of acute aseptic meningitis: Clinical aspects of CSF findings; Ten to 28 days after hospital admission cell count and/or total protein concentration showed no decrease or further increase in 33 children (25 boys, 8 girls) between 2 to 15 years of age who suffered from acute septic meningitis (causative agents: mumps virus in 9 children, enterovirus in 5 children). Three of these children had cerebral palsy as a possible predisposing factor. The onset of prolonged aseptic meningitis was protracted in some children. At hospital admission the clinical features of this disorder differed not from those in uncomplicated acute aseptic meningitis. In 4 children a one-sided and in 4 patients a doublesided peripheral facial paralysis occurred as a transitory complication. One child showed transient arterial hypertension. EEG was normal in most of the children or revealed a slight general slowing only. Apart from a slight enlargment of the ventricles in 3 children cerebral CT showed no abnormality. Complaints like vertigo, headache, and vomiting persisted for weeks or months in part of the children. During the course of the disease CSF reflected two different reactions: 1. further increase of total protein in combination with a minimal cellular response, affecting 2-10 years old boys and girls equally; protein electrophoresis revealing the pattern of severe blood-CSF barrier disturbance, 2. persistant elevation or further increase of both cell count and total protein occurring nearly exclusively in 6-15 years old boys, associated with the CSF-protein pattern of severe blood-CSF barrier disturbance and of oligoclonal gamma-fractions. These CSF findings receded during the following weeks or months, they sometimes persisted up to 9 months. The patients did not benefit from treatment with corticosteroids, in all children the disease resolved without sequelae (exception: relapse of the prolonged aseptic meningitis in one child caused by a medulloblastoma).
Infective and postinfective pain syndromes on a neurologic basis; Painful disease states caused by infections are rare in neurological conditions. Yet, their diagnosis and differential diagnosis should be familiar to every physician. In this paper, the following syndromes are discussed: Cervical rigidity due to leptomeningitis, 'symptomatic' trigeminal neuralgia, in particular affection of the ophthalmic nerve, herpes zoster oticus, post-herpetic neuralgia, painful facial palsy, neuralgic amyotrophy, which has been recognized also in the lumbar plexus, polyneuritis, polymyositis, the problems of mononeuritis of infectious etiology, and segmental irradiations of pain due to intrathoracic or abdominal disease. Pain cannot be assessed by objective methods. Treatment should not be limited to drugs, including psychotropic ones, but should make use of methods such as transcutaneous stimulation of peripheral nerves.
Idiopathic facial nerve palsy; Paralysis of the face is the commonest peripheral neuropathy, but in the majority of cases the cause remains obscure. The aetiology and management of idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) with special reference to experience at the Facial Nerve Clinic of Groote Schuur Hospital are discussed. With reservations, treatment with prednisolone in the very early stages is justified and recommended. Although it is argued that the management of this disorder does not require the special skills of the otologic surgeon, warning is made of the need for caution, especially as regards those patients whose symptom pattern and neurological behaviour are not typical of Bell's palsy.
Rehabilitation of facial paralysis in children; We report the experience and philosophy of the Department of Otolaryngology and Communicative Disorders at the Cleveland Clinic in rehabilitation of facial paralysis in children 12 years old and younger. The causes and evaluation of facial paralysis in children and the options available for rehabilitation are considered, and the criteria, expectations, and limitations of successful rehabilitation are outlined. Depending on the limitations imposed by the clinical situation, the aims of treatment are as follows: (1) normal resting tonus, (2) symmetry at rest, (3) symmetry in motion, (4) no synkinesis, (5) appropriate mimetic function, (6) no significant loss of adjacent function, and (7) rapid reurn of function. Every attempt must be made to avoid causing any significant muscular or neurologic deficit and to avoid interfering with return of function on the seventh nerve, when that possibility exists.
Treatment results in idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy); The most common therapeutic schedules in Bell's palsy are the surgical decompression of the nerve and conservative treatment with respectively without cortisone. In order to find out the schedule which will give the best results with less side effects, we summed up more than 2000 cases of Bell's palsy from the literature as well as 48 own patients with regard to operative or conservative treatment with resp. without glucocorticoids and compared them with each other and versus the spontaneous recovery of this disease. Independent of cortisone application, complete remission was seen in 70-80% of all cases treated conservatively. Surgical decompression gave the worst result with about 20-25% complete remissions. These results are discussed particularly under the aspect of the aetiologic varieties of Bell's palsy and the pathophysiological reaction of the nerve against damage. Then it is the question whether Bell's palsy actually is one disease with different aetiology or rather an accumulation of varying diseases with a specific aetiology in each case. With regard to the above mentioned healing rates and the possible virus aetiology in a lot of these cases, glucocorticoids should be applied cautiously - especially since non-specific antiphlogistic drugs answer the same purpose. Finally, our investigation should stimulate a multicentric, prospective and randomized study on the most efficient therapy in idiopathic facial palsy.
Complications of cervicofacial rhytidectomy; Because the improvement in appearance of the aging or fatty neck from a standard facelift was sometimes disappointing to both the patient and the surgeon, more extensive and deeper techniques have been developed. With the more aggressive methods in which the surgeon elevates the SMAS (superficial musculo- aponeurotic system), including platysmal and subplatysmal flaps, the dissection is deeper in the face and neck. Although the recent popularization of these techniques has enhanced the results of some rhytidectomies, there may be a higher risk of some complications as well as the introduction of some new complications. The wise surgeon will remember that his or her goal is improvement rather than 'cure', and heroic surgical indulgence associated with complications only makes for an unsatisfactory result and an unhappy patient. Obviously, a thorough preoperative evaluation, including informed consent with an explanation of the limitations, alternatives, risks, and potential complications, is of paramount importance in minimizing postoperative complications. The surgeon must be familiar with both minor and major complications and present them to the patient in a realistic manner.
Tumor involvement of the facial nerve; Tumors involving the facial nerve are rare and challenging in both diagnosis and treatment. In this paper we report 18 cases of benign and malignant neoplasms involving the temporal portion of the facial nerve. The selection of those patients with facial paralysis who require detailed evaluation is discussed. Often, despite thorough evaluation of these patients, a preoperative diagnosis is unavailable or erroneous. An occasional patient may require surgical exposure of the nerve from the middle cranial fossa to the parotid gland.
Parotid benign tumors: Comments on surgical treatment of 263 cases; 263 patients with benign parotid gland tumors have been operated upon, from 1970 through 1980. Of this total number of tumors, according to their histopathologic examination, 185 corresponded to pleomorphic adenoma, 24 to Warthin's tumor, 10 to recurrent pleomorphic adenomas (at first operated on elsewhere) and 44 to miscellaneous tumors or tumor-like lesions (simple cyst, lymphoepithelial lesion, branchial cleft cysts, lymph node hyperplasia etc.). 25 cases of pleomorphic adenoma, operated on during the past 24 months, were not evaluated as far as recurrence is concerned, because their follow-up was insufficiently long. The operative procedures used by us for pleomorphic adenoma surgery were: (a) pericapsular (extracapsular) excision, with a margin of normal parotid gland tissue without preparation of the fascial nerve, for 98 small size and superficially sited pleomorphic adenomas (52.6%); (b) subtotal parotidectomy (superficial lobectomy) with preparation of the facial nerve for 78 tumors (42.5%); (c) total parotidectomy with preservation of the nerve for 9 tumors located on the deep lobe of the gland (4.9%). We did not see any permanent facial palsy, and not one case of recurrence.
Four cases of bilateral simultaneous facial palsy; Four cases of bilateral simultaneous facial palsy had different causes such as Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, Bell's palsy, acute promyelocytic leukemia and metastatic cerebello-pontine angle tumor. From these four cases the following points were concluded: In Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, palsy on the firstly involved side was severer than that of the secondly involved side. The first side was improved by decompression operation more than two months after onset. In Bell's palsy, against the other reports, the degree of palsy firstly involved side was not always severer than secondly side. In leukemia, the relapse of the leukemia was discovered by the facial palsy. And the palsy was cured by the treatment of leukemia. Metastatic adenocarcinoma in left cerebello-pontine angle cause the facial palsy of not only the left side but also the rigfht side which was previously misdiagnosed as Bell's palsy. The cause of the palsy of the right side turned out to be meningeal carcinomatosis.
Post-traumatic facial nerve paralysis: Three cases of delayed temporal bone exploration with recovery; No consensus exists today on the management of immediate-onset post-traumatic facial nerve paralysis. Controversy surrounds the timing of surgical intervention and the role of electrophysiologic testing. Three patients are presented who sustained immediate, complete facial paralysis following closed head trauma. They did not have prompt facial nerve decompression. In each case, electroneurography and electromyography showed complete nerve degeneration and denervated muscle. Despite the results of the electrophysiologic tests, all patients underwent late surgical decompression of the nerve: one at 2 1/2 months, one at 3 months, and one as late as 14 months after injury. They all had good recovery of facial function within 6 months of surgery. Early surgical intervention has been advocated in post-traumatic facial nerve paralysis if any benefit is to be gained. It is thought that late surgical intervention is unlikely to yield further improvement in the facial nerve function. Experience with these cases suggests that surgical exploration of the facial nerve is indicated at any time, as it may be beneficial even in very old injuries. The prognostic value of electroneurography and electromyography in determining facial nerve recovery and in deciding upon facial nerve surgery is questioned.
Steroids and idiopathic facial paralysis; The face proclaims to the world an individual's identity and as such is the most conspicuous part of his anatomy. No wonder, then, that idiopathic facial paralysis is a frightening experience for the patient. Ever since it was first noted, all manners of measures have been used to bring about early and full recovery. Unfortunately, none of these treatments is effective. Following Rothendler's case description in 1951, a multitude of papers have appeared, evaluating the effectiveness of steroids in idiopathic facial paralysis. This article evaluates 92 of these papers. Only a few properly controlled, randomized prospective studies were available. Their main conclusion was that steroid treatment was not more beneficial than conventional treatment. But several less valid prospective and retrospective studies have suggested that steroid treatment is beneficial. The definitive, statistically valid study of the benefits of steroids in treating has yet to be performed. Until then steroid treatment of this condition will continue to be controversial.
A case of bilateral complete simultaneous Bell's palsy; A 27-year-old man presented simultaneous bilateral facial paralysis following an abnormal sense of taste. His illness was diagnosed as bilateral simultaneous Bell's palsy, because there was no evidence of systemic diseases. About 5 weeks after the onset he showed a complete and bilateral recovery with conservative treatment. Bilateral facial nerve paralysis is infrequent, and its completely simultaneous onset, such as in this case, was thought to be extremely rare.
The use of the sternomastoid muscle for correction of congenital facial palsy. Anatomical study; The authors study in this paper the possibility of using a muscle flap in the treatment of congenital facial palsy in infancy and in the adult.
The facial paralysis prognostic index; The treatment of facial paralysis requires a reliable estimate of prognosis as well as an accurate diagnosis. Although the majority of patients recover, the degree of subsequent facial function varies. An estimation of the risk of nerve degeneration and subsequent disability is needed to guide therapy and to advise patients. Currently, prognosis is obtained by clinical evaluation of initial signs and symptoms, specific nerve excitability and function testing, and response to medical therapy. This study attempts to identify and quantitate factors that predict the outcome of facial paralysis. In 1214 patients with Bell's palsy, we identified factors associated with a severe course or poor outcome. We analyzed the predictive value of each item in an extensive research protocol, estimating the relative contribution to the total risk of unfavorable outcome by means of multiple regression models. With the use of these data, we have developed the facial paralysis prognostic index (FPPI). The FPPI can assist otologists to more accurately estimate outcome based on physical examination and electrical testing.
Bilateral facial nerve paralysis following arterial embolization for epistaxis; Risk of carotid artery embolization is usually attributed to inadvertent occlusion of the internal carotid system. This report highlights some recently noted complications associated with occlusion of external carotid branches. A case of bilateral facial paralysis following embolization of the internal maxillary arteries for severe epistaxis is presented. The clinician must recognize that facial paralysis is a real and sometimes inevitable sequela to the ever-increasing practice of arterial embolization in the head and neck.
Bannwarth syndrome: report of two cases.; Report of two cases of Bannwarth syndrome, an apparently neglected condition both in the Italian and in the English literature.
Experiences with solvent-dried fascia lata in surgical interventions in otorhinolaryngology; Basing on our good experiences with dehydrated solvent-dried human dura we applied, during the last two years, dehydrated solvent-dried fascia lata in our clinic. Fascia lata is more flexible in comparison to the stiff dura. In 225 cases we collected experience with the new dehydrated solvent-dried human fascia lata: 103 patients with frontobasal fractures and rhinoliquorrhoea 83 patients with tympanoplastics for mastoid lining 5 patients with laterobasal fractures 11 patients with septum perforations 21 patients with blow-out fractures 2 patients with facial paralysis. Fascia lata was fixated by human fibrin adhesive. The dehydrated human solvent-dried fascia lata showed the same good results as the group of patients where we used autologous fascia lata.
Spontaneous primary hematomas of the cerebellum; Spontaneous cerebellar hematoma is a well-defined radio-clinical entity. It may occur, not only in patients with risk factors (hypertension for instance), but also in those who have no specific etiologic factors. Onset is usually sudden. The characteristic clinical triad consists of alterations in consciousness, peripheral facial palsy and various oculomotor disorders. Poor prognosis factors related to the size and localization of the hematoma can be determined by computed tomography. We believe that surgery is indispensable in hydrocephalus as well as in increasing or secondary onset of alterations in consciousness.
Facial and vestibulocochlear nerve disease in six horses.; In 6 horses, clinical signs of illness implicated a lesion involving the facial and vestibulocochlear nerves. One horse had signs of otitis externa. Five horses had radiographic changes primarily involving periosteal bony proliferation of the stylohyoid bone at its articulation with the temporal bone. Five horses improved with antibiotic therapy. Otitis media-interna was found at necropsy of one horse.
Clinical and experimental results with focused ultrasound; Focused ultrasound was applied at the lateral semicircular canal in 19 patients and at the round window in 12 patients, all of whom had intractable vertigo caused by Meniere's disease. Postoperatively, the vertigo was relieved or diminished in 75% of the lateral canal cases and in 25% of the round window cases. These results indicate that the lateral canal approach may have some therapeutic value, but the treatment is arduous for the patient and the risk of facial palsy is always nettlesome. Utilizing similar techniques, ultrasound irradiation was given to the lateral canals of 6 squirrel monkeys and to the round windows of 15 cats. After survival times of up to 3 months, light microscopic studies of the temporal bones of these animals show no morphological changes which can be attributed to the ultrasound irradiation. In general, these findings are in concert with the reports of other investigators and show that selective ablation of the vestibular sense organs cannot be achieved by current techniques of ultrasound irradiation. It seems doubtful that prolonged relief of vertigo can be expected to occur without a more complete morphological ablation of the vestibular sense organs than is possible with the current methods of ultrasound treatment.
Statistical observation of facial palsy; A statistical analysis was performed of 662 cases of facial palsy treated in the Department of Otolaryngology of Kyoto University Hospital from January 1977 to September 1982. Of these, 447 cases (67.5%) were diagnosed as Bell's palsy, 59 (8.9%) as Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome, 45 (6.8%) as traumatic palsy, 45 (6.8%) as operative trauma, 23 (3.5%) as congenital palsy, 15 (2.3%) as otogenic palsy and 28 (4.2%) as of other origin. There were 232 males and 215 females with Bell's palsy, and 28 males and 31 females with Ramsey-Hunt's syndrome. There were 221 cases of Bell's palsy on the right side, 225 cases on the left side, and one bilateral case. There were 25 cases of Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome on the right side, and 34 cases on the left side. The left side was more frequently involved both in Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome and Bell's palsy. The number of patients with Bell's palsy and Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome showed a tendency to decrease in November. Most patients with Bell's palsy are between 30 to 59 years of age, and 30 to 49 years in Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome. For recurrent facial palsy, there were 14 cases of unilateral recurrent facial palsy (11 cases were Bell's palsy), 25 cases of bilateral alternating facial palsy (all cases were Bell's palsy) and one case of bilateral simultaneous facial palsy. Of the 61 cases of Bell's palsy, 13 cases (21.3%) had serological findings indicating viral infection. For Ramsay-Hunt's syndrome, 9 (75%) of 12 cases showed significant increase in the titer of antibody to Varicella Zoster virus.
Parotid tumors in the past five years. Significance of utilization of evoked electromyography (EMG) before surgical treatment; Twenty six patients with parotid tumor are reported. The significance of utilization of evoked EMG is discussed. Abnormal response in evoked EMG without facial weakness - preparalytic condition - was found in 4 patients; these were 2 patients with malignant mixed tumors and 2 with benign mixed tumors. Exposure of the facial nerve was required in 3 of the 4. Postoperative facial paralysis was found in only 1 patient with benign mixed tumor among the 4. Facial weakness was not found in any of the 26 patients before surgical treatment. Evoked EMG for parotid tumors before surgical treatment was useful in early diagnosis of the damage of the facial nerve and for estimation of the condition around the facial nerve.
Hipoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis in the correction of the VIIth nerve paralysis following exeresis of acoustic neuroma; The facial paralysis that follows the ablation of an acoustic neuroma can be treated with the following methods: XIIth or XIth nerve anastomosis with the VIIth; cross-face nerve grafting; or, when the first two methods are not feasible, static and dynamic suspension with fascial slings and masticatory muscle flaps. We have carried out hipoglossal-facial anastomosis in 12 cases of forementioned palsy. Two cases have been operated three and four years after the onset of paralysis. Eleven cases have obtained a good facial reinnervation. In only one case a muscle contraction is not yet noticeable (ten months after the operation). All the other patients are satisfied with the results and don't complain about the minor problems due to the various degree of tongue atrophy.
Adenoma of the middle ear; Benign adenoma of the middle ear emerged as a distinct entity following a review of 20 cases as reported from the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology in 1976. We report 4 additional cases and note that the pathologic diagnosis is not so clear cut. Benign primary adenoma may be confused with adenocarcinoma, ceruminoma, and glomus tumor. The otologic surgeon must take a hard look at the clinical signs and symptoms to determine if they are compatible with the diagnosis of primary middle ear adenoma. While middle ear adenoma has recently been implicated as a cause of facial paralysis (including a case herein), bone destruction should never be found in concert with this neoplasm.
Intratemporal Schwannoma of the facial nerve; Two patients with schwannomas that originated from the region of the geniculate ganglion of the facial nerve are reported. They presented with progressive facial nerve paralysis and variable disturbance of hearing. Computed tomograms demonstrated a mass lesion eroding the temporal bone (petrous portion) and extending into the middle fossa. The treatment consisted of complete excision of the tumor, and a hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis. Computed tomography should be performed on all patients with facial palsy of a progressive nature. Early diagnosis and surgical treatment of facial schwannoma should permit preservation of function of the facial and the acoustic nerves.
Neonatal facial paralysis. Review of a personal series of 44 cases; Forty-four cases of neonatal facial paralysis have been treated in the ENT department for children. In nearly half of the cases the etiology was related to a nervous or muscular aplasia, while in the other cases of traumatic, infective, or doubtful etiology, the severity and course of the paralysis served as a guide to choice of therapy. Surgery was indicated in only 13 cases and recovery was obtained in 4 infants, with more or less marked sequelae. Prognosis is very poor in cases treated at a late stage, especially when the nerve appears to be greatly altered or compressed by callus. Surgical exploration should therefore be undertaken reasonably early (6 weeks to 2 months) when total paralysis persists or becomes worse after initial improvement.
Moebius' syndrome: Surgical possibilities; The authors examine the various methods of rehabilitation for this congenital paralysis of facial muscle wth its aesthetic and major functional implications. The indications depend on the severity of the paralysis, as the syndrome now includes a number of partial forms.
Facial nerve palsy induced by infusion therapy; Six cases of peripheral facial nerve palsy induced by infusion therapy for maxillary carcinoma were reported. 5-Fluouracil, 250 mg, was injected via a polyethylene tube which was inserted into the external carotid artery through the superficial temporal artery, and irradiated by Liniac X-ray. Treatments were given 5 days a week at 200 rads per session up to a total of 5000 to 6000 rads. Facial nerve palsy appeared around the time of the completion of irradiation. All cases showed normal lacrimation test, and the site of the lesion was assumed to be the distal temporal segment rather than the geniculate ganglion. All cases showed complete recovery of palsy within 4 months. The etiology of facial nerve palsy was assumed to be the circulatory disorder caused by the infusion therapy. The fact that the facial nerve palsy was caused by treatment in the external carotid artery area is of special interest and further research will be enlightening.
Wegener's granulomatosis of the ear; The majority of patients who present with Wegener's Granulomatosis have complaints referable to the nose or paranasal sinuses. However, other anatomical areas may be involved either alone or as part of a generalized disease - the kidney, eyes, joints, skin, muscle, ears, heart, and the nervous system. In the past, Wegener's Granulomatosis was fatal if untreated, with a mean survival of five months. More recently, because the diagnosis of Wegener's Granulomatosis is being made earlier, the results of treatment have improved with patient cures being reported. Wegener's Granulomatosis may involve the ear in one of three ways: Serous otitis media, either unilaterally or bilaterally, caused by nasopharyngeal ulceration and obstruction of the eustachian tube; destruction of the middle ear and mastoid with 'chronic otitis media' caused by actual involvement of the middle ear and mastoid cavity by Wegener's Granulomatosis; and a sensori-neural defect usually associated with a conductive hearing loss, caused by inflammation of the cochlear vessels. Occasionally the otological manifestation may be the first and only sign of Wegener's Granulomatosis. This is a case report of Wegener's Granulomatosis in a young man who had bilateral otitis media associated with a facial palsy, followed by a discussion of the difficulties encountered in making the correct diagnosis.
Nutritional considerations in the management of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS); Early identification of patients with ALS who may soon be facing severe nutritional problems is important. Such identification permits nutritional support and appropriate therapy to be instituted.
Acquired facial palsy in children. Report on a personal series of 72 cases.; Results of therapy as a function of etiology are discussed in relation to 72 cases of acquired facial palsy in children. Spontaneous recovery occurred in 28 of the 33 cases with idiopathic facial palsy, this representing the most common form (46 p. cent of total) and appearing to have a still better prognosis than in adults. An infectious origin was determined in 19 cases (26 p. cent). Medical treatment produced complete recovery in 7 of the 8 cases with otitis, while simple mastoidectomy relieved 8 of the 11 patients with facial palsy due to mastoiditis. The indications for operative intervention should be widened in post-traumatic cases (14 in this series) with immediate onset of paralysis. Similarly, medical treatment of secondary paralysis should not delay surgery in cases with no regression after three weeks.
Mimetic neurotization from masseter muscle; The transposition of the masseter muscle into the acutely paralyzed face offers an excellent opportunity for returning movement to the region of the lips, cheek, and lower eyelid. This interdigitation of the masseter muscle with an intact nerve and blood supply into and through the multiple mimetic muscles of the middle third of the face, which have been freshly denervated and have an independent blood supply, establishes optimal physiologic conditions for neurotization. The raw surfaces of the split masseter muscle, with its intact axons, are in direct contact with the savaged mimetic muscles in the lips and cheek which have exposed degenerating axons. This intimate proximity induces axonal ingrowth into the adjacent empty neural tubules. The masseter muscle is implanted under stretching tension which may enhance the effect. There is no question that the regrowth phenomenon extends well beyond the immediate contact surfaces of these muscles into the interdigitating muscles of the face by the principle of collateral budding. Seventy-five such cases have been studied over the past thirty years, and the return of movement to the paralyzed face establishes this technique as an alternate method of rehabilitaion in selected cases.
Silent mastoiditis and bilateral simultaneous facial palsy.; Silent mastoiditis is a common complication of acute otitis media since the advent of antibiotics. Although most pediatric middle ear inflammations manifest themselves in both ears, otitic facial palsy almost always presents unilaterally. We report an unusual case of bilateral simultaneous facial palsy occurring during the course of a persistent otitis media in a 7-month-old child. Appropriate antibiotic therapy and insertion of ventilating tubes cleared the infectious inflammatory process, resulting in full recovery from nerve dysfunction.
Peripheral facial palsy with intact taste and tearing caused by intrapontine lesion; Two patients with documented lesions in the floor of the fourth ventricle had unilateral paralysis of the upper and lower facial muscles but normal taste sensation and tearing function. These findings contradict the widely accepted clinical notion that an intraparenchymal lesion of the facial nerve invariably causes loss of gustatory and lacrimal function.
Temporal bone fractures. Review of 90 cases; Of 1,300 consecutive head-injured patients admitted to the hospital over a 20-month time period, 118 were found to have skull fractures, of which 22% involved the temporal bone. These figures form part of a larger study of 90 temporal bone fractures treated over a six-year period from 1975 through 1981. The most common cause of a temporal bone fracture was a motor vehicle accident occurring in 40/90 (44%) patients. Pertinent physical findings, occurring alone or in combination, were a hemotympanum, bleeding from the ear canal, tympanic membrane perforation, facial paralysis, and CSF otorrhea. The diagnosis of temporal bone fractures is best made clinically and radiographically. The early care of temporal bone fractures is directed toward the treatment of CSF otorrhea and immediate onset facial paralysis. The delayed care is primarily concerned with hearing rehabilitation.
Hemifacial spasm: A new technique of facial nerve blockade; A new technique of facial nerve blockade using a special needle and a nerve stimulator was introduced. The results in patients suffering from hemifacial spasm are reported. This technique reduced the difficulties in identifying the facial nerve and decreased the suffering associated with the conventional way of creating these blocks. The technique described may also allow titration of neurolytic agent which may produce complete relief from spasm with much less likelihood of facial paralysis after the nerve blockade.
Recurrent alternobaric facial paralysis resulting from scuba diving; Only one detailed case of alternobaric (referring to alternating pressure changes) facial paralysis resulting from scuba diving has been reported in the world literature. This article describes the dive profile and clinical course of a commercial diver who developed facial paralysis after scuba diving on three different occasions. Probable pathophysiologies, identification of the diver at risk, treatment, and prophylactic measures are reviewed. Additional cases from the literature due to scuba diving and flying are cited.
Peripheral blood T and B lymphocyte subpopulations in Bell's palsy; A prospective clinical, virological and immunological study was performed on 25 consecutive Bell's (BP) patients. Multiple cranial nerve involvement was found in 15 patients. A significant decrease in the peripheral blood T lymphocyte percentage as well as an increase in B lymphocyte percentage (p < 0.001) were found in 13 of the BP patients during the first 24 days from the clinical onset of the paralysis. No correlation was found between the peripheral blood lymphocyte subpopulations and the patient's age, sex, degree of paralysis or recovery rate. No changes were detected in the levels of immunoglobulins (IgG, IgM), complement (C3, C4) and antiviral antibodies to herpes simplex and zoster, EBV, cytomegalic virus, adenovirus, influenza and mumps. The clinical and immunological data of BP show a similar pattern to those of Guillain-Barre syndrome suggesting that BP may be an antoimmune demyelinating cranial polyneuritis which may be caused by a preceding viral infection.
A method of direct eyebrow lift; A very simple procedure, requiring about twenty minutes, accomplishes moderate elevation and support of the eyebrows. It may be utilized for eyebrow ptosis alone, whether unilateral or bilateral; in conjunction with meloplasty and blepharoplasty; for equalizing asymmetrical eyebrows; and for further support of markedly ptotic upper lids. It has been used by the author in instances of partial and complete facial paralysis in conjunction with other procedures about the face to accomplish better symmetry. The duration of results with this procedure varies with tissue quality and healing, surgical technique, care given the area during healing by the patient, amount of frowning and vigorous facial muscle use by the patient, and aging. It is a useful adjunct, especially when used for moderate or subtle brow lifts.
Prognosis of Bell's palsy in relation to age; 345 patients with Bell's palsy showed that the curing results get worse with increasing age. The analysis of a 3-dimensional contingency table shows that neither a worse recovery nor a worse starting point can explain this fact. Each of these influences points to only a weak but not significant tendency. Only both together exhibit such a clear relation.
Tuberculous otitis media; We report the case of a man with chronic suppurative otitis media caused by M. tuberculosis that was associated with deafness, diplopia, facial nerve palsy, and debilitating ataxia. These symptoms were only partially responsive to medical therapy. In addition, the patient had two intracranial mass lesions, probably resulting from hematogenous dissemination of M. tuberculosis.
The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. (Clinical considerations); A case of Melkersson-Rosenthal's Syndrome successfully treated by medical and surgical therapy is reported. After a review of medical literature the authors take the opportunity for some considerations concerning pathogenesis and therapy of this syndrome.
Dual simultaneous systems for facial reanimation; Successful reanimation of the paralyzed face requires a specific yet adaptable procedural armamentarium. Usually, in the treatment of regional paralysis, one distinct technique is deemed most appropriate and dependable. In cases of total hemiparesis secondary to surgical ablation of trauma, however, the simultaneous use of two separate but complementary rehabilitative systems has proved valuable in 15 patients. The reconstructive concept described divides the face into two functional spheres, an upper periorbital area and a lower perioral region. The integral system includes a direct facial nerve-to-cable graft reanastomosis for the upper division combined with a masseter muscle transfer for the lower facial region. The immediate supportive effects of the masseter transposition integrated with its long-term ability to rehabilitate via myoneurotization complement the more physiologically exacting effects of the nerve anastomosis.
Reconstruction of the paralyzed face with the polypropylene mesh template; Several techniques for static suspension of soft tissues in facial paralysis are available, including this use of the polypropylene (Marlex) mesh template. Through a standard rhytidectomy, lip and melolabial incisions, this template can be attached to the pivotal facial suspension points to bring about a selective and adjustable redistribution of the facial soft tissues. Although not meant to replace autogenous tissue use or physiologic reanimation procedures, this technique proved to be useful in three selective cases. The functional and cosmetic consequences of the polypropylene mesh template insertion on both a model and on three clinical patients with unilateral facial paralysis illustrate this technique. The concept of facial suspension along with its limitations, especially as it relates to template use and static facial suspension, are discussed.
Evaluation and treatment of congenital facial paralysis; An approach to the evaluation and the preferred methods of treatment of congenital facial paralysis is presented. The expected results from testing procedures and the limitations of their usefulness in acquired v developmental palsies are discussed. We recommend that the auditory brain-stem response test be included in the initial evaluation of patients with congenital facial paralysis.
Bilateral Bell's palsy; Idiopathic facial nerve paralysis, or Bell's palsy, is characterized by the following: complete or partial paralysis of the entire side of the face, absence of symptoms or signs of other neurologic disorders, and absence of symptoms or signs of disease of the ear or posterior fossa. It is seen fairly often in clinical practice, with an annual incidence between 13 and 23/100,000 population. In contrast, bilateral Bell's palsy is rare. In a series of 308 patients with Bell's palsy, Adour and Swanson found only one patient with bilateral involvement. Hauser reported that two of his 121 patients with idiopathic facial paralysis had bilateral disease. Leibowitz series of 582 cases included only five patients who had bilateral involvement. The ages of the patients with bilateral Bell's palsy in these three large series were not specified. Isolated case reports have described patients with bilateral Bell's palsy who ranged in age from 15 to 72 years. We report our experience with four cases of bilateral Bell's palsy that we have recently seen in our practices.
Sclerosteosis: Neurogenetic and pathophysiologic analysis of an American kinship; We studied an American kinship with sclerosteosis, an autosomal-recessive disorder of bone remodeling and bone overgrowth of the calvaria, skull bsse, and tubular bones. Unlike osteopetrosis, which is attributed to abnormal immune and osteoclast function as well as bone resorption, sclerosteosis appears to be primarily a disorder of osteoblast (bone formation) hyperactivity. Related to cranial vascular and neural foraminal narrowing and reduced intracranial volume, affected patients with sclerosteosis demonstrate frequent seventh nerve palsy, progressive optic and cranial neuropathies, mixed hearing loss, brainstem compression, intracranial hypertension with increased elastance, and sudden, premature death. Management should involve early childhood identification of homozygotes, monitoring and aggressive treatment of intracranial hypertension, and extensive bone removal from skull, posterior fossa, and cervical spine.
Long-term follow-up report on cross-facial nerve grafting in the treatment of facial paralysis; The authors present the analysis of the long-term results achieved in 20 cases of cross-facial nerve grafting with special attention to the failures. An attempt is made to identify the significance of their observations and the relevance these have to the technique that has been used. They suggest some modifications they have already applied in their most recent cases.
An anaesthetic technique for cross-face nerve grafting; An anaesthetic technique which allows the surgeon good operating conditions for the difficult first stage of cross-face nerve grafting is described.
Labyrinthitis due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa after whirlpool bathing; The case is described of a man aged 36 years in whom labyrinthitis caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, serotype 11, resulted in unilateral complete loss of hearing and ipsilateral facial-nerve paresis. The infection had probably been brought about by whirlpool bathing.
Intratemporal facial nerve neuroma: A discussion of five cases; The first case of intra-temporal facial neuroma was reported by Schmidt in 1930. Since then most contributions to the literature have been reports of single cases, although a few surgeons have been able to accumulate small series over the last two decades. The majority of facial neuromas within the temporal bone present with a facial palsy, but some patients have normal facial nerve function and complain only of hearing loss. Diagnosis is especially difficult in this latter group, but treatment also presents special problems. The standard treatment for facial neuroma is complete excision of the tumour, and almost always this requires resection of a segment of the facial nerve. The options for restoring facial nerve function are re-routing with end-to-end anastomosis, placement of a cable graft, or hypoglosso-facial anastomosis: however, all these methods inevitably involve a complete facial palsy for 4-18 months, followed by a variable degree of functional recovery and always accompanied by some mass action. The prospect of such a result is satisfactory for the patient who already has a facial palsy on presentation, but considerably less so for the patient with normal facial function pre-operatively. Of the five cases in this series, three presented without any facial weakness, one had only a slight paresis, and one had a complete palsy. It is the purpose of this paper to contrast the clinical features and treatment of these patients and to discuss their management in relation to a review of the literature.
Interferon anti-viral system in Bell's palsy; Thirty-two consecutive Bell's palsy patients were examined clinically and virologically. All the patients were assayed for serum interferon (IFN) levels at onset of the disease and most of them had repeated IFN assays during the course of the disease. In 15 patients the peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) were also evaluated for the presence of an anti-viral state (AVS). In viral infections, blood IFN levels are invariably increased, and the PBMC are usually in an AVS. Twenty-three patients (72%) had increased serum IFN values or were in an AVS. The mean serum IFN level was 95 U/ml (normal ≤ 16 U/ml) during the first 3 days following onset of the disease, declining later to normal values from the seventh day onwards. No patient had increased antibody titers to herpes simplex and varicella-zoster viruses. The increased blood IFN levels and the AVS of blood cells are compatible with an acute viral infection. It is concluded that the etiology of Bell's palsy is most likely an acute viral infection, possibly due to an unidentified or unusual virus, or to reactivation of a latent virus.
Treatment of moyamoya disease by temporal muscle graft 'encephalo-myo-synangiosis'; Ten young patients from 7 to 16 years of age with moyamoya disease were treated by temporal muscle graft (encephalo-myo-synangiosis: EMS) for the purpose of increasing extracranial and intracranial collateral circulation. Ischemic cerebrovascular symptoms signs signs were encountered in all of them without intracranial hemorrhage. The patients were observed for 6-26 mth after the first operation. Transient ischemic attacks disappeard in 4 out of 7 patients, and improved in frequency and duration in the remaining 3. Paresis of the limbs disappeared in 1 patient and improved in 2. In 2 patients, facial palsy disappeared and dysarthria improved as well. Ataxia disappeared in 2 patients, and involuntary movement of the extremities disappeared in 2. There were no ineffective cases clinically. In postoperative carotid angiography, the middle cerebral arteries were visualized clearly to the peripheral portion mainly via the thickened deep temporal arteries, and the abnormal vascular networks in the region of the basal ganglia were reduced in size in most of the patients. Improvements in intelligence quotient, electroencephalogram and cerebral blood flow were also obtained in several patients, respectively. EMS seemed to be an effective surgical treatment in young patients with moyamoya disease who suffered from cerebral ischemic symptoms.
Paralysis of the mandibular branch of the facial nerve; A direct and simple operation of transfer of the anterior belly of the digastric muscle with its attached tendon is presented. It was carried out in 36 patients, with three minor complications. It has proved effective in paralysis of the mandibular division of the facial nerve as a primary or secondary procedure. In ablative resections where this branch of the nerve is intentionally sacrificed, it is advised to do the muscle and tendon transfer as part of the primary operation. In aesthetic operations or where the status of the nerve (postoperatively) is not specifically known, it is advised to wait for spontaneous return for an interval of 3 to 6 months. If the improvment is not satisfactory, then this technique may be considered.
Method of eyelid closure in facial nerve paralysis. Technical note; The authors present a method of temporary eyelid closure consisting of air inflation of the subcutaneous connective tissue. This method is effective for prevention and treatment of conjunctival inflammation due to facial paralysis developing after total removal of acoustic neurinomas.
A case of facial palsy due to sagittal mandibular osteotomy; The authors report a case of facial palsy due to sagittal mandibular osteotomy provided by electromyography examinations. The possible causes of the lesion are investigated.
Facial paralysis rehabilitation: Retraining selective muscle control; Traumatic facial paralysis can be improved with surgical techniques but alone will not restore full function. EMG sensory (bio) feedback can, however, facilitate rehabilitation. Four cases are described using a combined treatment technique of EMG, behavioural modification and specific action exercises. Retraining of eyelid control was also accomplished. Standardized evaluation methods are described. All four patients showed improvement, despite the failure of traditional retraining methods.
Decompression of the facial nerve in Bell's palsy: A historical review; This year, 1981, is the 50th anniversary of facial nerve decompression for Bell's palsy. The procedure was first suggested in 1923 but not performed until 1931. From the start, facial nerve decompression has generated disagreement regarding the indication and timing for surgical treatment and the anatomic extent of decompression. In each decade as the postonset time within which to perform surgical intervention has decreased, the anatomic extent of decompression has increased. Otologists continue to disagree, and we need to reevaluate our past and analyze how the difference may be resolved in the future. This critical review, in chronologic order, of the history and present status of facial nerve decompression is the necessary first step in resolving some of the persistent problems in surgical management of patients with Bell's palsy.
Translocation of the temporalis muscle for treatment of facial paralysis; Our purpose was to characterize in the rhesus monkey the structure and function of vascularized temporalis muscle flaps innervated by the facial nerve after translocation into the site of the denervated zygomaticus muscle. Animals were killed at 28 to 120 days following translocation. Control data were obtained from the contralateral side. Twenty-eight days after translocation, the time to reach peak twitch tension and one-half relaxation time were 170% of control zygomaticus muscle. Contraction times decreased with time and reached control values by 100 days. Absolute isometric tetanic tension was not different between the flap (4.29 ± 1.28 newtons; X ± SEM) and control zygomaticus (3.95 ± 0.80 newtons). Succinate oxidase activity of the flap decreased from 279 ± 18 nl O2/mg protein/min to control zygomaticus values (98 ± 18) by 110 days. The type 1 fiber cross-sectional area of the flap was 52% of control temporalis muscle and 150% of control zygomaticus muscle (P < 0.05). The temporalis flap demonstrated viable structure and function and appeared useful in facial movements.
The patient's experience of aesthetic regenerative facial surgery: A composite; Data from self-perceptions of 55 female facial aesthetic surgery patients have been combined to show a general composite picture. Personal demographic data, life circumstances, and general attitudes are presented. Patients' motivations for surgery and expectations (both aesthetic result and resulting life changes) have been examined. Patient opinions of how their desires were met are included. The data show the patients' reactions to pre- and postoperative information, self-care instructions, and general staff management. Prominent psychological processes in patients presenting for these surgeries are revealed.
Light and electron microscopic findings in the distal end of human cross face sural nerve grafts; In five patients with long-standing facial palsy we have tried to improve the possibility of elevating the angle of the mouth by bringing regenerating axons from the facial nerve on the normal side through a sural nerve graft to a transplanted free muscle in the paralyzed cheek. In order to expect clinical improvement a sufficient number of axons must grow into and through the sural nerve graft, neuromuscular contacts must be formed, and the transplanted muscle must be vascularized and survive. In order to find out if axons had regenerated, light- and electronmicroscopic examinations of a biopsy from the tip of the sural nerve graft were carried out at the time of muscle transplantation. All the cases showed a very large number of unmyelinated axons located within the fascicles of the sural nerve graft. A considerable fraction of myelinated axons were, however, present particularly in biopsies removed 12-13 months after the nerve operation. There was also a marked increase in endoneurial collagen and at the very tip a neuroma was present. This investigation thus shows that regeneration of a substantial number of axons had occurred and that they had reached the zone which was surgically sutured to the transplanted muscle. One essential requirement for reinnervation of the transplanted muscle therefore exists in these patients, but the clinical outcome has not yet been evaluated due to the short follow-up period.
Prevention of dextran-induced anaphylactic reactions in the treatment of ENT diseases; With different ENT disorders (e.g., sudden hearing loss, facial-nerve paralysis) 114 patients were pretreated with an i.v. injection of a 20 ml solution 15% of monovalent haptendextran (dextran 1, M(w): 1000, Pharmacia AB, Sweden) 2 min prior to the first infusion of dextran 40 (dx40, M(w): 40,000). The mechanism of action of pretreatment with haptendextran is considered to consist in the neutralization of circulating dextran-reactive antibodies (DRA), which have been shown to be the cause of rare dextran-induced anaphylactic reactions (DIAR), sometimes with a fatal outcome. Out of the 114 patients no DIAR was observed. These results are part of a prospective multicenter study demonstrating the effectiveness of prophylaxis with 20 ml haptendextran in 24,513 patients. In the total study no fatal reaction with cardiac or respiratory arrest was observed. As the individual risk for a patient to suffer a DIAR from a dextran solution cannot be estimated in advance, the i.v. prophylaxis with 20 ml haptendextran is strongly recommended before each first infusion of a dextran solution. However, one should be aware that individuals with extremely high DRA-titers may still develop a mild anaphylaxis in spite of the routine pretreatment with 20 ml haptendextran; a high dose of 30 or 40 ml haptendextran would be necessary to prevent these reactions too.
Spontaneous carotid-cavernous fistula with ophthalmoplegia and facial palsy; A hypertensive patient presenting with facial palsy and ophthalmoplegia following a spontaneous carotid-cavernous fistula is presented. The mechanism of facial palsy in such cases is discussed.
Intratemporal facial nerve injuries; A summary of the results of operative intervention for intratemporal facial nerve injuries in 81 cases is given. Causes, preoperative assessment, and operative techniques are discussed. The necessity for a variation in surgical approaches is stressed, depending on location of injury and associated neurologic findings.
Transmastoid decompression of the facial nerve in temporal bone fracture; Among 41 cases of facial palsy caused by closed head injury, temporal bone fractures were surgically confirmed in 36 cases, of which there were two mixed fractures and 34 longitudinal fractures. The fracture involved the geniculate ganglion area in 20 cases (55%). In 15 cases, decompression of the facial nerve was carried out using the transmastoid supralabyrinthine approach with disarticulation of the incus; in only five transmastoid cases was the middle fossa approach used. The technique avoids the craniotomy for the middle fossa approach and is a reliable method of treatment in the majority of patients with facial palsy caused by temporal bone fracture involving the geniculate ganglion area.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome and cheilitis granulomatosa. A clinicopathologic study of thirty-three patients with special reference to their oral lesions; Thirty-three patients (seventeen females and sixteen males), six with complete and twenty-seven with abortive forms of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS) have been studied. Only patients with histologic granulomatous involvement were included in the study. The onset of MRS occurred predominantly during the second decade of life; the disease had a median duration of 6 1/2 years and a range of 6 months to 31 years. Recurrent lip swelling gradually turning into a permanent enlargement was the dominating sign, but changes in the buccal, palatal, sublingual, and gingival mucosa were frequently recorded as well. Peripheral facial paralysis occurred in 20 percent of the patients and plicated tongue in 40 percent. Laboratory investigations showed no specific changes. The elimination of odontogenic infectious foci was followed by regression or disappearance of the swellings in eleven of sixteen patients, suggesting a pathogenic mechanism. The present study does not seem to justify resections of the swellings when exacerbations are still occurring. A conservative approach is recommended.
Intraoperative evoked electromyography in Bell's palsy; The technique of intraoperative evoked electromyography is described in detail. Direct intraoperative stimulation of the exposed facial nerve identified the sites of nerve impulse conduction blocks in 16 of 18 patients who needed decompression for Bell's palsy. In order to determine the site of impulse conduction block the test must be performed before 100 per cent nerve degeneration occurs. The lesions extended only a few millimeters and were found to be proximal to the geniculate ganglion in 15 (94 per cent) of these patients. Schirmer's test correctly identified the sites of the lesions in only 61 per cent of the patients. To locate the precise site of the lesion inducing a conduction block in Bell's palsy, intraoperative evoked electromyography must be used. The limited extent of the blocked motor fibers indicates that segmental rather than total intratemporal decompression is needed in Bell's palsy.
Bell's palsy: A 5 year review of 174 consecutive cases: An attempted double blind study; The etiology of Bell's palsy is unknown and present treatment is empirical and, at best, controversial. Between 1973 and 1976, 174 consecutive cases were seen and clinically divided into a group with incomplete facial palsy and a group with complete facial palsy. The incomplete group consisted of 82 patients who were matched and treated alternatively with steroids or supportive treatment only. The return of function in each patient was tabulated and results in the two groups compared. Patients in this group have an excellent prognosis regardless of treatment. The complete facial palsy group consisted of 92 cases, who were matched according to age, sex, race and clinical picture and most importantly to the results of a series of tests designed to test the function of the affected facial nerve and its musculature. In this group 10 patients elected to have supportive treatment only, while 41 cases received cortisone and 41 matching patients underwent well planned decompression of the facial nerve. The patients were assessed at 6 and 12 months by an independent clinician. They will be continued to be assessed for the next 5 years. The results of this study are reported in this paper.
Steroids in neurology; Corticosteroids and adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) have been used extensively in neurology since their clinical introduction in the late 1940s. With few exceptions the initial enthusiasm for these drugs has been replaced by more reflective scepticism and tempered by awareness of their potent side effects. A small number of double-blind trials have been performed and, perhaps surprisingly, most of these have failed to provide conclusive answers to problems of management. Some of the difficulties stem from the complex relationship between pathophysiological processes at a neuronal level and day-to-day 'function'; additionally there has been a relative paucity of techniques for making objective clinical measurements in man to guide treatment. The diseases discussed are mainly those seen in general hospital practice in the UK and the references, although by no means comprehensive, should provide interested readers with a guide to more recent reviews and trials.
Facial nerve abnormalities after acoustic tumor removal. Morphological and clinical study of seven patients with postoperative facial paralysis; Operative specimens of the tympanic segment of the facial nerve obtained from seven patients during hypoglossal-facial anastomosis surgery were studied under light and electron microscopy. All patients previously underwent acoustic tumor removal during which the facial nerve was left anatomically intact but attenuated; immediate postoperative facial paralysis was present and persisted. In all specimens, the fascicular area of the nerve had two differing zones: a smaller one with normal-looking populations of myelinated nerve fibers, and a larger one with severe reduction of myelinated nerve fibers and an increase of the deposition of endoneurial collagen. The changes indicate that in all cases, the motor fibers have undergone degeneration with subsequent regeneration. However, regeneration has remained incomplete with total lack of normal-sized (7 to 10 μm) motor fibers. Incomplete regeneration explains the lack of functional improvement. The structural features of the distal stump of the facial nerve with numerous Schwann's cell tubes were evaluated to provide favorable preconditions for reinnervation through anastomosis. Clinical follow-up of all patients showed varying degrees of functional restoration indicating regeneration.
The natural history of Bell's palsy; The purpose of this investigation was to explain the spontaneous course of idiopathic facial palsy without treatment of any kind. The investigation included 1011 patients seen over a fifteen-year period. The patients were checked at short intervals until remission occurred, and these checks were discontinued only when normal function was restored or after a period of one year. For 85 percent of patients the first signs of remission were observed within three weeks after the outbreak; for the last 15 percent remission occurred three to six months later. Seventy-one percent recovered normal mimical function of the face, 13 percent had insignificant sequelae, and the last 16 percent had permanently diminished function with contracture and associated movements.
Our experience with Freilinger's method for dynamic correction of facial paralysis; Eight patients with unilateral facial paralysis of differing aetiology and duration were treated according to Freilinger's method, which includes cross-face nerve grafting and six to eight months later, transposition of a denervated (temporal) muscle flap to the nasolabial area. The end of the cross-face nerve graft is inserted into the muscle flap. Our experience and results with this technique are discussed. It is clear that the combination of cross-face nerve grafting and transposition of a denervated muscle flap is a valid principle. However, a muscle with a greater excursion and one that is easier to denervate is to be preferred to the temporal muscle.
Operative experience with malfunction of the eyelid; During the past 10 years, the authors have observed several cases of malfunction of the eyelids, such as congenital lid retraction, lagophthalmos accompanying facial nerve palsy, ocular myopathy, blepharochalasis, traumatic lid ptosis, and Horner's syndrome. Several operational techniques were utilized in these cases. Some operative cases are presented together with pre- and postoperative photographs. To obtain aesthetically pleasing results, the authors felt the most exacting techniques were necessary for even minor deformities.
Intra-temporal 'abscess and metastasis' of a carcinoma of the external auditory meatus with spread to the middle ear; The authors report the case of a 67-yr-old woman with epithelioma of the external auditory duct. All the middle ear was invaded with peripheral facial paralysis. A temporal abscess is revealed by mental derangement. The intervention permits to evacuate a purulent collection under dura mater, to close the fistula and the extirpation of the abscess with a metastasis of the epithelioma in its edge. In spite of the complete recovery of the abscess, the patient died for local evolution of her cancer. The principal characteristics of external auditory duct's epithelioma and otogenous abscess are reminded; the origin and propagation of the tumor and the infection are discussed.
Idiopathic facial palsy; A total of 447 peripheral facial palsies has been seen during a 9-year period, 81% of these being diagnosed as Bell's palsy. The clinical outcome was satisfactory in 89% of the latter. Low patient age and an intact acoustic reflex were favourable prognostic factors.
Electrophysiological evaluation of cross-face nerve graft in treatment of facial palsy; A cross-face autogenous single graft was performed in eight patients with facial palsy. Several electrophysiological techniques have been used in a follow-up study of one to three years duration. Clinical results are extremely disappointing. The only recovery observed could not be ascribed to the graft. The investigations and the motor unit count in the facial muscles led to the conclusion that the surgical technique employed is a failure. The orbicularis oculi muscle in particular has no chance whatsoever of being satisfactorily reinnervated. Various resons for this poor recovery are analysed: too small a number of properly grafted axons, syncinesis, muscle degeneration and poor myelination. These observations nevertheless suggest some experimental fields which may lead to improvements in the technique to a point where it may become clinically useful.
Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis associated with androgen therapy for hypoplastic anemia; In 27 patients with hypoplastic anemia treated between 1971 and 1974 with male hormone and protein-assimilating hormone, 3 developed superior sagittal sinus thrombosis (SSST). The clinical symptoms and signs and angiographic findings of SSST were characteristic enough to allow an early diagnosis. Signs related to SSST were seizures, hemiplegia, facial palsy, stupor, and coma, with the most important prodrome and consistent subjective complaint being headache. Following discontinuation of the hormone therapy, neurological signs and symptoms related to SSST gradually subsided. In all cases, the hematological picture improved with discontinuation of the hormone therapies. It appears that administration of male hormone or protein-assimilating hormone can be associated with the development of SSST. If neurological symptoms and signs of SSST appear, administration of the hormones should be discontinued.
Tumours of the parotid gland; In Sweden, 400 to 500 new cases of tumours of the parotid gland are reported each year. They constitute 0.3% of all reported malignant tumours. Mixed tumours or pleomorphic adenomas are the biggest group. The pathohistological picture can be varied. To be able to estimate a possible malignancy it is necessary to look for the clusters of cells, for their polymorphism and for the extent of mitosis. The borders of the tumour may be broken, explaining the very great recurrency tendency, especially if any parotidectomy has been performed. The risk of malignancy increases as the tumour gets older. For a tumour of 5 year's standing it is about 1-2%. The type of cancer most typical of the salivary glands is adenoid-cystic carcinoma which is often called 'cylindroma' because of its histological appearance. Its great capability of infiltration alongside the nerves is well known. The clinical diagnosis of these different forms of tumours is difficult. Cytological puncture with a fine needle gives good results in 95%, without any risk. When a facial palsy arises this is a very bad sign.
Neurological complications of pregnancy and anaesthesia; Of all general medical disciplines pregnancy involves the neurologist less often than most. The subject is best treated by considering first those conditions which pregnancy, parturition or the puerperium are known to precipitate and second the effects of pregnancy on pre-existing neurological diseases. There are some conditions which achieve clinical recognition during pregnancy, if only because the patient has never before been seen or examined by a doctor. As a broad generalization it is probably a sound principle to avoid executive action if at all possible both in the disorders precipitated by pregnancy (because most remit naturally in the puerperium) and in those established disorders which antedate pregnancy and which may be unaffected or even improved by it. It has been the author's experience that young women in pregnancy, and even when contemplating starting a family, have a scale of priorities quite different from older or non-pregnant patients. The pregnancy or its prospect has a personal value to the patient which the wise physician should not underestimate, and for which due allowance should be made in planning the management of any associated problem. This has a bearing on medication, since the public are now much more knowledgeable about agents which may produce (or have been alleged to produce) small babies or teratogenic effects. Physicians must, of course, base their decisions on the volume of knowledge in the medical literature concerning these matters, but they may be wise to accede occasionally to the fears of the mother-to-be if these appear deeply felt, if necessary abandoning rigid adherence to scientific principle.
A juvenile case of spontaneous hemorrhage in the dorsal pontine area; A 16 yr old girl was admitted to our service with chief complaints of an abruptly occurring severe headache, vomiting and facial asymmetry. The patient had no episode of disturbance of her consciousness after the onset. On admission she was alert and neurological examination revealed left-sided peripheral trigeminal, abducens and facial palsy with moderate bilateral horizontal nystagmus in her both eyes. No cerebellar sign and no weakness were noted on her limbs. Computed tomography revealed a small high density area in the left dorsal part of the pons. A left serial angiography was performed, but it failed to find out any abnormal findings such as arterio-venous malformation, cavernous angioma, telangiectasis, etc. The high density in the left dorsal pontine area, however, showed enlarging tendency with slow progression on repeat CT after admission over a month. It was hard to confirm the cause of this hemorrhage either due to pontine glioma or other local vascular disorders radiographically. Then, the left suboccipitial craniectomy and evacuation of the hematoma was performed under operative microscope on January 16, 1979. Several specimen around the hematoma was obtained, but neither malignancies nor vascular disorders were detected histologically. Postoperative course was uneventful. She recovered well. No neurological deficit was noted at the time of discharge. Since then, she has been working well as a nurse student for over 2 years. Cases of a juvenile pontine hemorrhage have been reported sporadically. It has been very difficult to diagnose it neurologically as well as angiographically. However, CT examination is now readily able to reveal the location of such hematoma with high density and contributes to introduce the diagnosis as well. Etiologies of the hematoma were identified to be cavernous angioma, arterio-venous malformation or telangiectasis in the majority of cases which had been performed the post-mortem examination. However, there are still idiopathic cases with unknown causes of the hematoma. It was interesting that the hematoma of our cases showed long-lasting high density with some enlarging tendency in repeat CT examination although clinical and operative searches had failed to find the etiology of the hemorrhage.
A case of intraventricular meningioma arised around the foramen of Monro; Meningiomas of the lateral ventricles are uncommon and account for 0.5% to 4.5% of intracranial meningiomas. About 85% of the lateral ventricular meningiomas are reported to arise from the region of the trigon and it is noted that meningiomas arise around the foramen of Monro. A 53-yr-old female was admitted to our service with chief complaints of nuchal pain, left motor weakness and speech disturbance. On admission, neurological examination revealed aniscoria (right < left), bilateral papilledema without retinal bleeding, left facial palsy and left hemiparesis with mild disturbance of fine finger movement. She had limping gait with left hyperactive deep tendon reflexes. The retinal bleeding, however, appeared one week later after admission. Plain skull x-ray showed no pathological findings. Plain CT scan revealed an large oval-shaped isodensity area covering the foramen of Monro. The tumor showed a homogeneous enhancement by contrast medium injection. The markedly enhanced tumor was connected to a enhanced choroid plexus of the third ventricle. There was no continuation to a falx by coronal CT scans. Right carotid and left vertebral angiograms showed a homogeneous tumor stain on the capillary and venous phases. Main feeding arteries of the tumor were right anterior choroidal artery and rigth medial posterior choroidal artery. The draining vein was the right thalamostriate vein. From these findings, a meningioma arising around the foramen of Monro of the right lateral ventricle was suspected. Opening of anterior horn of the lateral ventricles was performed and total removal was successfully done by means of the vaporizing technique with LASER, which controlled much tumorous bleeding nicely. Histologically the tumor was composed of syncytial cells, foamy cells, lymphoid cells and partially capillary lumens which were formed by syncytial cells. These tumor cells were not stained by PTAH. Therefore, histology of the tumor was diagnosed an angioblastic type of meningioma. At present (about a half year after the operation), she has been doing all right without physical and neurological abnormalities.
Auricular herpes zoster of stage IV; The authors report a case of severe zosterine facial paralysis associated with damage to the V, VIII, IX, X, XI cranial nerves. After medical therapy and major surgery the prognosis of facial paralysis remained severe at 8 months as did the homolateral hearing loss. A discussion of the etio-pathological and therapeutic aspects of this syndrome is presented.
Surgical treatment for Meniere's disease; There have been various surgical procedures for the treatment of Meniere's disease with a wide range of variation in the reported success rates which are the subject of much controversy. The present paper is a review of the treatment for Meniere's disease by labyrinthectomy, endolymphatic shunt operation, and section of the eighth nerve. Labyrinthectomy is performed in order to control vertigo. The effects are predictable, but residual hearing is sacrificed. A certain number of patients continue to experience unsteadiness postoperatively. Efficacy of partial labyrinthine destruction by ultrasound or cryosurgery is uncertain. Many patients develop permanent hearing loss and/or facial palsy without benefit from surgery. Recently, control of vertigo with preservation of hearing has been of major concern in surgery. Vestibular neurectomy has been found to be effective in the control of vertigo. Hearing should theoretically not be affected in this procedure, but is often lost postoperatively. A majority of inner ear specimens obtained from patients with Meniere's disease showed distention of the endolymphatic space. Perisaccular fibrosis and loss of the epithelial layer are the common features while bilateral involvement has been seen in one-third of the cases. Epidural shunt operation is the most rational, safest procedure available and the chosen treatment to perform in the early stage, before the endolymphatic sac becomes fibrotic and hearing deteriorates. It is the safest procedure available, and can relieve the symptoms of vertigo with preservation of residual hearing.
Complications of otitis media; Although intracranial otogenic complications occur less frequently than in the preantibiotic period, their mortality rate is stil relatively high. On the basis of some personal clinical observations made during the last decade attention has been drawn to the most common intra- and extracranial otogenic complications (posterior fossa symdrome, labyrinthine fistula, labyrinthitis, facial palsy) mostly due to cholesteatoma, and less frequent intracranial complication occurring mainly in children (otitic hydrocephalus) caused by chronic otitis media. It may therefore be concluded that otitis media must still be considered a dangerous disease, necessitating early diagnosis, intensive therapy and in case of a cholesteatoma complete and early eradication.
Extrapyramidal cerebral palsy: a changing view; Earlier surveys of cerebral palsy characterized patients with extrapyramidal (choreoathetoid) cerebral palsy as having little cognitive impairment and few associated deficits. Anoxia, which has now replaced neonatal hyperbilirubinemia as a major cause of this type of cerebral palsy, predictably produces a diffuse type of brain damage. Evaluations of children with extrapyramidal cerebral palsy seen in a pediatric habilitation center revealed high incidences of mental retardation, epilepsy, and other associated deficits. These findings have implications for the management and habilitation of children with extrapyramidal cerebral palsy.
Peripheral facial paralysis-role of early onset of therapy; The aim of this study was to determine the influence of the time of onset of therapy with cortison, anti-rheumatics and diuretics with respect to successful prevention of secondary lesions by compression of the nerve fibres. Onset of therapy was considered to be 'in time' in all cases with incomplete facial paralysis and in cases with complete facial paralysis without appearance of electromyographic signs of denervation within the subsequent three days. The results are based on 90 patients with follow-up examination out of a total of 130 patients treated. 94% of the patients thus treated 'in time' showed full or almost complete remission. Only 59% of those patients in whom the therapy was not initiated 'in time' showed satisfactory results. It may be concluded that the therapy of an idiopathic facial paralysis should commence at the very first clinical signs. The differing therapeutic results reported in the literature are in part due to the problem of the sufficiently early onset of therapy.
A case of a hemangioma in the parotid gland; A case of hemangioma of the parotid gland is reported. A thirteen-year-old female complained of right-sided swelling and facial paralysis of the face which had suddenly appeared shortly after awakening the morning. The mandibular branch of the facial nerve incurred slight damage during the operation. Paralysis in the right lower lip persisted postoperatively.
Facial nerve disorders. Update 1982; This update presents the highlights of what has been published in the last 10 years regarding disorders of the facial nerve which continue to be a subject full of controversies as well as unsolved problems. A review is made of the various aspects of Bell's palsy including medical and surgical treatment and animal experimental research. Nerve repair is discussed as regards timing, end to end nerve repair and epineurial and interfascicular repair. Up to date information is also provided about nerve and muscle biopsy as well as the problem as it presents in children. The subject of reanimation surgery is also reviewed.
Palliative treatment of bilateral facial paralysis; Bilateral facial paralysis is a rare and serious affection, provoking not only a fixed facies and severe ocular disorders but also difficulty in mastication and drooling of saliva. Marked improvement in the latter can be obtained by a simple operation to tighten the lower lip.
Contribution of electrical examinations to choice of therapy for facial palsy sequelae; Two simple to conduct electrical examinations can assist determination of any operative procedure that could be required following peripheral facial palsies. These are percutaneous electrical stimulation of the nerve and galvanic stimulation of the muscle. These simple and reliable tests should be known to the ENT specialist, who must request them whenever necessary and be able to interpret the findings.
Hypoglossofacial anastomosis. Analysis and results of 12 cases and comparison with results of facio-facial anastomosis; Regular facial clinical testing (G. Freyss) and surface integrated electromyography was employed to assess quantitatively the course of 12 hypoglossofacial anastomoses. Recovery was complete after an average period of 4 months, the time before conducting anastomosis (2 to 14 months after onset of facial paralysis) not affecting the quality of results obtained. Age significantly influenced recuperation of the remaining tone, but this was always superior to 70% in relation to the other half of the face. Motor recovery was not affected by age, and was a mean of 51% after one year (50 to 70% when compared with the normal half of the face). Lingual sequelae were minimal, early physical therapy compensating for the inevitable resulting synkinesis. Results after hypoglossofacial anastomosis are compared with those obtained by faciofacial anastomoses (published in 1980). The former is a simpler and more rapid technique which produces more constant results and leads to earlier recovery (4 instead of 9 months after facio-facial anastomosis. Tone is also improved and motility satisfactory.
Palliative surgery for facial paralysis; Palliative surgery in patients with facial paralysis can be a useful temporary measure before nerve recuperation occurs, or a definitive procedure in cases with permanent loss of the effector muscle. Valid results can be obtained in the periorbital region by performing an external blepharorraphy, together with various static or dynamic procedures for louvering of the upper eyelid. The fascia lata is usually employed to obtain suspension, re-equilibrium of soft tissues being ensured by lifting and localized cutaneous resections. Marked hyperactivity on the opposing side can be reduced by selective neurectomies.
Motor spastic paraplegia and unilateral facial palsy complicating tetanus; The authors report the case of a 20-year-old man who was admitted to hospital with a three-day history of body stiffness and inability to stand and asymmetry of the face for the previous two days. He had injured his right foot 15 days before. Neurological examination showed purely motor, upper motor neurone spastic paraplegia with hyperreflexia and bilateral extensor plantar reflexes. Clostridium tetani produces two toxins, tetanospasmin and tetanolysin. Tetanospasmin interferes with inhibition within the central nervous system and produces the excessive motor activity which characterises the disease. It may also produce some of the autonomic dysfunction, especially the sympathetic overactivity, which may occur in severe cases. Paralysis, however, is unusual unless the wound is on the face, when cranial nerve palsies, notably of the ipsilateral facial and oculomotor nerves, may occcur. Paraplegia may occur if the tetanic spasms cause compression fracture of the spine, but the investigations eliminated this and other compressive causes of paraplegia.
Microsurgery of the facial nerve; The extent and importance of facial paralysis is established by means of the diagnosis of the etiologic factors, the level of the nerve lesion and the condition of the facial muscles. Treatment depends on the analysis of these different elements. A survey of the methods of treatment is given with special reference to the cross-face nerve grafting. The results of the varied methods are reviewed. The substitutional procedures are listed.
Evaluation of results in 36 cases of facial palsy treated with nerve grafts; Peripheral facial nerve paralysis can result from a nerve lesion distal or proximal to the stylomastoid foramen. We operated on 20 patients with distal lesions using faciofacial on 20 patients with distal lesions using faciofacial homolateral grafts. Portions of the sural nerve were used, branched grafts being used to replace branched deficits. In 16 cases of proximal lesions the cross-face technique was used with limited results. Constantly refining our technique, we now prefer to make three cross-grafts (2 lip, 1 eyebrow), all in one operation. More promising results are obtained in younger patients, soon after the lesion occurs.
Oropharyngeal dysphagia in Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans): Response to calcitonin; The authors report a patient with Paget's disease and progressive oropharyngeal dysphagia that was most likely secondary to a bulbar palsy, the result of basilar invagination with compression of the interior surface of the brainstem. The dysphagia responded to treatment with calcitonin, a hormonal therapeutic agent reportedly effective in some patient with Paget's disease and neurological involvement, whose action is to slow the process of the disease.
Intraoral masseter muscle transposition. Use with reconstruction of regional facial paralysis; The treatment of regional facial paralysis of the lips and commissure by masseter muscle transposition is well accepted and usually accomplished by an external approach. The intraoral transfer demonstrates distinct advantages for the rehabilitation of midfacial regional paresis. The procedure is performed totally intraorally, which exposes the masseter muscle before transposing the anterior portion in a subcutaneous tunnel to the upper and lower lips. The effects of this transposition are direct support and immediate contraction, with eventual myoneurotization of the surrounding perioral musculature. The indications, operative considerations, and results in 22 cases are reported. This technique considerably advances the procedural approaches of the reconstructive surgeon and is used either in conjunction with other reconstructive modalities or as a primary procedure in selected cases.
Ear disease in patients with Wegener's granulomatosis; From a group of 60 patients with histologically-proven Wegener's granulomatosis managed at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, approximately 45% were found to have a disease that involved the ears. The majority of these patients had either recurrent or persistent serous otitis, resulting from eustachian tube dysfunction as a consequence of nasopharyngeal inflammations. Other pathologies included suppurative otitis, cholesteatoma, facial nerve paralyses, temporal bone granulomata, and sensory hearing losses. The presentation and management of these changes and their relationships to underlying disease are described in selected case reports, and a general philosophy of patient management is presented.
Skoog versus conventional rhytidectomy; The Skoog SMAS rhytidectomy has generally been accepted since its introduction as being superior to conventional rhytidectomy. A study is presented comparing major complications and 'redo' modalities to determine if one or the other procedure is superior. The study revealed that the Skoog rhytidectomy yields fewer major hematomas but that there is a greater need for 'redos' within the first year for unsatisfactory results, as well as a significantly larger number of facial nerve injuries.
Secondary syphilis of the facial nerve; A 37-year-old woman had peripheral facial palsy. It took nearly two weeks to establish the syphilitic origin. This rare disease is discussed with reference to nine cases reported in the literature since 1945. The prognosis is good with early antibiotic therapy.
Free revascularized muscle grafts in facial palsy; Seven cases of long-standing total unilateral facial palsy were treated with a two-stage procedure consisting of the insertion of a cross-facial nerve graft followed by its anastomosis to a free revascularized muscle graft. In three cases, good functional activity is present 12 months after the second operation.
Treatment for fresh cases of Bell's palsy; The courses of recovery of 64 patients with Bell's palsy for which our definitive treatment was started within 14 days were investigated and the following results were obtained. 63 of 64 cases showed clinically complete recovery (palsy score over 36 points) and the associated movements (synkinesis) were observed in only five patients. This good result proves that our treatment is appropriate and is assumed to be partly due to the energetic conservative treatment in the hospital (mental and physical rest). For selection of the method of treatment, clinical grading by means of the palsy score is useful. Decompression operation should be performed on the patients who did not show significant recovery after two to three weeks of conservative treatment.
Evaluation of 67Ga scintigraphy in local diagnosis of facial palsy; A new test of the lacrimal gland function is being developed based on the observed accumulation of 67Ga radioisotope in the lacrimal gland. 21 patients with peripheral facial palsy have been examined by this method. In normal subjects, gallium accumulates at the same rate in both lacrimal glands. However, in almost all the patients with facial palsy, accumulation is higher on the affected side. Patients were examined scintigraphically at different stages following the onset of the disease. Gallium accumulation in the affected gland was lower in patients at more advanced stages of recovery. Patients examined 1 week after onset showed a higher accumulation rate on the affected side. The highest accumulation was observed in patients examined 2 weeks to 2 months after onset. In patients examined 2 months to 1 year after onset (i.e., those in the most advanced stages of recovery), gallium accumulation declined.
Biofeedback rehabilitation in seventh nerve paralysis; Patients with facial paralysis do not always attain satisfactory recovery through surgery or medical treatment. It was decided that patients could be reeducated by biofeedback training. The method was applied in ten patients; important improvements were achieved. It was concluded that this technique could be useful when the problem is of sufficient importance.
Juvenile primary pontine hemorrhage. Report of one case and review of 23 reported cases; A 12-yr-old boy was admitted in a comatose state following a sudden episode of headache and vomiting. General physical examination and vital signs at admission were normal. A difference was noted in pupil sizes, the right being slightly larger, and light reactions of both pupils were sluggish. Bilateral deep tendon reflexes were exaggerated and decerebrate posturing was elicited by noxious stimuli. There was right hemiparesis, but facial palsy was not observed. A lumbar tap revealed an opening pressure of 230 mm H2O and the fluid was bloody. Ventricular drainage was performed the following day. Conray ventriculography showed a filling defect in the posterior end of the third ventricle, but the aqueduct of Sylvius and the fourth ventricle were not visualized. Computed tomography (CT) revealed the presence of a high density lesion in the area between the left paramedian pontine tegmentum and the fourth ventricle. It was diagnosed as a primary pontine hemorrhage, and a ventriculo-peritoneal shunt was performed. Left vertebral angiography failed to show any abnormal findings such as vascular malformation. Ten days after admission, anisocoria disappeared. The patient's consciousness became clear one month after the onset. With improvement of the level of consciousness, the following abnormal neurological findings were noted. Ocular movement indicated the presence of the one-and-a-half syndrome, i.e., complete loss of horizontal movement of both eyes except for lateral gaze of the right eye accompanied by nystagmus. There were left peripheral facial palsy and right hemiparesis with exaggerated deep tendon reflexes plus a right Babinski response. Right hemiparesis improved after about one year. A CT scan performed 2 years after the onset revealed a non-enhanced low density area in the pontine tegmentum where the hematoma had been located. At present, the patient is in good health and attending junior high school.
Calvarial hemangioma. Report of two cases and study of 62 cases from the literature; Case 1. A 49-year-old woman was admitted because of a lump in the forehead. She had noticed a lump 5 years previously, and it slowly increased in size. She had been medicated with thyroxin for 2 months prior to admission because of the diagnosis of hypothyroidism and high serum thyroid-stimulating-hormone level (130 μu/ml). Physical and neurological examinations were normal except for the lump. Laboratory findings were normal. Plain skull films showed an osteolytic area with a reticular pattern and sclerotic margin in the frontal bone. A bone scintigram revealed an accumulation of radioisotopes at the lesion. A selective external carotid angiogram demonstrated feeding arteries from the middle meningeal artery and the superficial temporal artery, and a pooling of contrast material in the arterial through venous phases. A vascular tumor was removed en block. The histology revealed thin-walled dilated vessels between the trabeculae, which was diagnosed as a cavernous hemangioma of the frontal bone. Postoperative recovery was uneventful. Case 2. A 59-year-old woman was admitted because of a mass in the right temporal region and right facial palsy. She had undergone thyroidectomy for thyroid carcinoma 6 years previously. Postoperatively, she had been medicated with thyroxin. She had noticed a lump on the right temporal region 4 years previously. She had stopped taking thyroxin one year prior to admission. The tumor slowly increased in size and she developed right facial palsy. On examination, she was noted to have a large tumor on the temporal region, right facial palsy of the peripheral type and a slight paresis of the left upper extremity. Plain skull films showed a large osteolytic lesion without reticular pattern or sclerotic margins in the temporal and the sphenoid bones. Computed tomography revealed a large, high and low density mass, which occupied the middle fossa and destroyed the temporal and sphenoid bones. A right common carotid angiogram demonstrated a pooling of contrast material in part of the tumor in the arterial through the venous phases. A vascular tumor was removed partially. The underlying dura was vascular and adherent to the tumor, but there was no invasion of the dura. Microscopically, this tumor was a cavernous hemangioma. Postoperatively, preoperative neurological signs improved. Some authors suggested that trauma was one of the promoting factors of the tumor growth. In the two cases of the authors, there was no history of trauma but both had hypothyroidism. Some changes in hormonal environments may be one of the promoting factors of tumor growth.
Critical study about surgical exploration of facial nerve in temporal bone; After a review of the various examinations performed to assess the severity of the facial paralysis, its prognosis and the precise site of the lesion, the authors describe the therapeutic management of the various forms of facial paralysis: post-traumatic, postoperative, postotitic and Bell's palsy.
Observation of pupillary response in patients with Bell's palsy using a binocular iriscorder; By means of a binocular iriscorder, the pupilary response in 68 patients with Bell's palsy was examined for the purpose of analysing their autonomic nerve functions. In comparison with the mean value of the pupillary response in normal subjects, 18 patients with Bell's palsy were within normal ranges in all the test results, although, abnormal autonomic nerve functions were observed in 15 cases. Furthermore, 26 showed abnormal functions in some test results, and in 9 other cases, interpretation of data was impossible. In abnormal cases or cases with some abnormal test results, temporal paralysis was observed in a large percentage although, some of these patients had a tendency for prolonged recovery more than 60 days after the onset. These results show that there were many cases of Bell's palsy with abnormal autonomic nerve functions. In the treatment of Bell's palsy, one should keep in mind the control of their autonomic nerve functions and the delivery of medicine should be made especially in early stages of palsy.
Microneurovascular free muscle reconstruction for long established facial paralysis; Twenty-five patients with unilateral long established facial paralysis had their facial disability reconstructed in a two-stage procedure by cross facial grafting and gracillis muscle transfer. There has been one complete failure, one partial failure and three are too early to evaluate, and of the remaining 21 all have functional muscle movement, eight of which move independently of the opposite normal side which is the source of reinnervation.
Cross-face nerve transplantation in facial palsy; A two-stage technique of cross face nerve transplantation in facial palsy is presented. This operation is regarded a substitutional procedure with the most physiological basis, but beyond the age of 50 other easier operations should be performed unless favourable conditions prevail. The results in 35 patients are reviewed. The cross face nerve transplantation never attain the quality of ipsilateral facial nerve repair, but in case of regeneration the operation is superior to all other substitution operations.
Lateral tarsal strip procedure for the correction of paralytic ectropion; Otolaryngologists are frequently confronted with patients suffering from permanent facial paralysis. This condition often results in a severe cosmetic and functional deformity of the lower eyelid called paralytic ectropion. Conservative measures are often unsatisfactory and surgical correction is needed. Tarsorrhaphy and cautery have been advocated in the past, but are usually unsatisfactory. The most standard surgical procedure in use at the present time is a modification of the Kuhnt-Szymanowski procedure which is useful in repositioning the lax eyelid and allowing for lid shortening. This procedure involves removal of a portion of the midtarsal plate, but does not correct the lax lateral canthal tendon which is the cause of the pathology in paralytic ectropion. In 1979, in the ophthalmologic literature, Anderson and Gordy reported the tarsal strip procedure for the correction of paralytic and senile ectropion. This paper describes the lateral tarsal strip procedure which involves a lateral canthotomy, division of the lateral portion of the lower eyelid into musculocutaneous and tarsoconjunctival layers, removal of a portion of the conjunctiva and suturing the resulting tarsal strip to the periosteum of the inner aspect of the orbital rim laterally to shorten and elevate the lower eyelid. The procedure is presented in diagrams and close-up operative photographs. Before and after photographic documentations of two clinical casea are also presented. Since this procedure has been employed for only about two years, long-term results are not available; however, the author feels that this procedure will offer a significant improvement in the surgical treatment of paralytic ectropion.
Plication of the orbicularis oris muscle to repair partial paralysis of the lower lip; A simple operative procedure of plicating the orbicularis oris muscle in a case of partial paralysis of the lower lip is described. The operation can be performed on an outpatient basis using local anesthesia, and results in almost normal lower-lip contour.
Cerebrovascular complication following manipulation of the neck; Stroke in the distribution area described the vertebro-basilar arteries following chiropractic manipulation of the neck is discribed in a Norwegian medical journal for the first time. The patient, a 35 yr old previously healthy female, consulted a chiropractor after a ten day period of neck pain. During manipulation she experienced numbness in her right side. The symptoms disappeared after ten minutes but reappeared an hour later. In addition she felt weak on the same side and noted a shadow in her right upper visual field. The clinical examinaton revealed marked paresis, ataxia and hypaesthesia of her right side, and a slight right central facial palsy was apparent. Visual field examination showed a concomitant relative upper right quadrant anopsia. Cerebral computed tomography revealed signs of cerebral infarction in the left occipital pole and posteriorly in the internal capsule and thalamus. Cerebral angiography performed three weeks later showed a short narrowing of the vertebral artery at the level of the atlas. Lumen irregularities of the left posterior cerebral artery were present, suggesting a recanalization of an embolus. Signs of collateral circulation from the medial cerebral artery were present. Her clinical condition gradually improved from the day of presentation, but a followup two months later revealed some residual ataxia, paresis and impaired sensation on her right side. The literature concerning this known complication of manipulation therapy is reviewed. The possible mechanism was probably mechanical injury to the vertebral artery at the level of maximal mobility of the cervical spine.
Clinical and electrophysiological study of isaxonine in peripheral facial paralysis; In a double-blind survey carried out versus a placebo, the action of isaxonine was examined with 42 patients suffering from peripheral facial paralysis, most often a frigore. The statistical analysis of the clinical and electrophysiological results shows a significantly higher improvement for the isaxonine group, both in quality and speed of recovery of the nervus facialis functions. Clinical and biological tolerance posed no particular problem.
About dehiscent fallopian tube in primitive facial palsy; The frequent dehiscence of the canalis facialis while intending to decompress the facial nerve for treatment of Bell's palsy is pointed out. The existence of nerve dehiscence in over 33% of the cases cannot be ascribed to coincidence. In a comparative study it was found that this anatomical anomaly occurred in only 5 out of 600 middle ear explorations for otosclerosis and only 2 cases were reported among 50 anatomical temporal bone preparations. The question is discussed whether or not dehiscence of the facial canal is more susceptible to vasomotor insult.
Proximal intratemporal facial nerve in Bell's palsy surgery. A study correlating anatomical and surgical findings; This paper deals with the surgical approaches to that part of the intratemporal facial nerve lying proximal to the cochleariform process and focuses on two issues: the advisability of disarticulating the ossicular chain to reach this area and the accessibility of the labyrinthine segment via the transmastoid, extralabyrinthine, subtemporal route. Relevant anatomical features, which are based in 39 gross temporal bones, 47 histologic sections, and 10 cadaveric specimens are first considered. In the head specimens, it was possible to attempt exploration of the entire nerve with the transmastoid, extralabyrinthine, subtemporal operation and then remove the labyrinth to gauge the adequacy of this approach as an avenue to the labyrinthine segment. These anatomical findings, their bearing on the questions at hand, and the author's clinical experience are incorporated into descriptions of the operations currently in vogue for exploring the proximal nerve in patients with Bell's palsy.
Carbamazepine for hemifacial spasm; Carbamazepine in daily doses of 600 to 1200 mg controlled hemifacial spasm in three patients. In other reports, carbamazepine was effective in over half of the patients. Controlled trials are needed to established whether carbamazepine is as effective as the surgical therapies currently in vogue.
Surgical treatment of chronic parotitis; Of 58 patients whose parotid glands were extirpated because of a chronic parotitis, 90% could be cured. The rate of success of this operation is reduced to 70-80% if it is based on those 31 patients alone who showed the typical symptoms of a chronic-recurrent parotitis. The incidence of persisting facial pareses is about twice as high as after removal of non-inflamed parotid glands. This figure is based on seven patients suffering, with one exception, from only slight disorders of innervation in the region of the angle of the mouth. In our opinion total parotidectomy is the method of choice for the treatment of chronic parotitis, if all attempts at conservative treatment have failed. We attribute our failures to remaining glandular parenchyma that was both inflamed and still secretory-active. To further improve the rate of success of parotidectomy, its combination with procedures suitable for occlusion of the duct system is proposed. In this way one should succeed in completely eliminating any secretory-active gland tissue.
Herpes zoster oticus: Surgery based upon prognostic indicators and results; We studied 28 patients with herpes zoster oticus prospectively over the six-year period between August 1974 and June 1980. We found that the result of measuring tear production, submandibular salivary flow, the response to maximal stimulation, and evoked electromyography gave us sufficient information to group these patients according to prognosis - either unfavorable or favorable - for spontaneous return of facial function. When the test results were 26% or more of normal, 100% of the patients had complete recovery without treatment; when the test results were 25% or less of normal, 69% had incomplete recovery: 19% had fair and 50% had poor recovery. Of the 31% with complete recovery, 4 were operated upon. The natural history of herpes zoster oticus in patients with a poor prognosis was improved if a transmastoid extralabyrinthine subtemporal decompression of the labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve was performed within 10 days of onset of the paralysis. The decision to perform this surgery was based upon the results of the prognostic tests mentioned above.
Corticosteroids and corticotrophin in the treatment of neurologic disorders, with emphasis on neurologic disorders of childhood; The mechanisms of action and modalities of administration of corticosteroids in the treatment of several neurological disorders are discussed.
Free muscle transfer; Nine free muscle transfers using the microsurgical technique are reported. Good results have been obtained only in cases of facial paralysis, of Volkman's contracture and of traumatic destructin of the biceps. Free muscle graft has still to be considered an exceptinal procedure, special attention should be paid to indications and unsatisfactory functional results.
Neurological complications of ethylene glycol intoxication. Report of a case; A 29-yr-old man suffered bilateral facial nerve paralysis, dysarthria, dysphagia, ataxia, visual deterioration, and internal ophthalmoplegia after ethylene glycol ingestion.
Temporomandibular joint ankylosis. Experience with a case of twenty years' duration; The clinical and radiographic findings and operative management of a patient having temporomandibular joint ankylosis for 20 years is presented. The patient had fibrous ankylosis on one side and complete bony ankylosis on the other. There was substantial growth of the mandible on the side with fibrous ankylosis, and marked growth retardation on the side with bony ankylosis. Both a preauricular and an intraoral approach were required to release structures restricting mandibular opening. Complications included temporary upper facial nerve palsy and a persistent anterior open bite requiring further treatment.
Tightness of the oral aperture following static suspension procedure for facial paralysis, and its correction; A 51 year old man underwent a static suspension procedure for correction of unilateral traumatic facial paralysis using the fascia lata. Other surgical procedures were not considered due to extensive loss of facial muscles, facial nerve, and the temporal muscle. The patient developed tightness of the oral aperture six months later, preventing him from introducing his dentures into his mouth. This difficulty was completely relieved by transmucosal release of the bands at the level of the midportion of the left side of the upper and lower lips. Immediately following the procedure, the patient was able to open his mouth completely and put in his dentures. No change was noted in the symmetry of his face.
A case of Cogan's syndrome; A 61-year-old woman with Cogan's syndrome was presented. She was admitted to our department because of severe pulsative headache on February 28, 1980. She also had been suffering from pain and redness in the right eye for the last 18 months and from deafness for the last 4 months. Ophthalmologic examination revealed interstitial keratitis and conjunctivitis in the right eye. There were no abnormalities in the fundi except for slight ateriosclerosis. Otologic examination revealed bilateral nerve deafness and low vestibular response to caloric stimulation. Neurological examination revealed childish behavior, right peripheral facial palsy, bilateral deafness and vestibular ataxia. Laboratory investigation revealed leukocytosis, mild anemia and high titers of C-reactive protein and rheumatoid factor. LE cell was negative and there was no hypergammaglobulinemia. The function of liver and kidney was within normal limit. Cerebrospinal fluid, electroencephalogram and CT brain scan were not remarkable. The pathological findings in the biopsy of temporal artery and kidney were not remarkably other than slight arteriosclerosis. The headache and keratoconjunctivitis improved by prednisolone, but deafness and facial palsy remained unchanged. The early cases of Cogan's syndrome were reported by ophthalmologists and otologists and ophthalmologic and otologic manifestations were stressed. However, Cogan's syndrome is not considered to be an expression of generalized vasculitis. After Cogan's syndrome and periateritis nodosa were compared, keratitis and iritis are frequently present, but intraocular manifestations such as retinal hemorrhage and exudate are relatively rare in Cogan's syndrome, and otologic symptoms are usually bilateral and advanced to complete deafness. In periarteritis nodosa intraocular manifestations are very frequently present, but keratitis is rare and otologic symptoms are often unilateral. Neurologic manifestations of Cogan's syndrome and periarteritis nodosa have similar symptoms such as headache, mental symptoms and neuropathy, but they are more frequently complicated in periarteritis nodosa than Cogan's syndrome.
A case of the Hunt syndrome with a chief complaint of dysphagia; A case of the Hunt syndrome with multiple cranial nerve palsies is reported. A man of 67 came to the hospital complaining of dysphagia. Ten days before the consultation, he had severe right temporalgia for no special reason; 4 days later, dysphagia, hoarseness and right tinnitus; and 2 days before consultation, he was hospitalized at another hospital. During the hospitalization nausea and vertigo appeared, but there was no loss of hearing. Examination revealed right 5th, 8th, 9th and 10th cranial nerve involvement with eruptions on the right auricle. Two days later, he developed right facial palsy. Remission in all symptom manifestations was seen except for slight facial nerve palsy and recurrent nerve palsy after six weeks of treatment.
The effect of steroid and CH3-VB12 on peripheral facial paralysis; 42 cases of peripheral facial paralysis were divided into 3 groups, and administered Steroid, CH3-VB12, and steroid plus CH3-VB12 respectively. The effect of these drugs on recovery of facial paralysis was determined using the paralysis score method proposed by Yanagihara (1977), and the integrated EMG method proposed by Yagi (1980). In the case of complete recovery, rated paralysis score and the values of the integrated EMG usually increase linearly. By means of regression analysis, regression line around each value could be determined using the following equation. Y=B.log X+A (Y=score, B=rate of recovery, X=day, A=constant). If we assume Y=100%, X shows the number of days taken for complete recovery and constant B, a rate of recovery. Days taken for complete recovery in steroid, CH3-VB12 and steroid plus CH3-VB12 were 67.3, 54.9 and 40.3, and the rate of recovery 80.7, 92.2 and 112.3 respectively. The third group that was administered steroid plus CH3-VB12, took a shorter period of time for complete recovery than the other 2 groups. This means that steroid and CH3-VB12 had a synergistic effect upon the recovery of facial paralysis.
The effect of Methycobal (CH3-VB12) on peripheral facial paralysis; The rating paralysis score (YANAGIHARA, 1976) is an excellent psychometric method for the clinician to estimate the degree of facial paralysis. In addition to this, the integrated EMG method proposed by YAGI, et al. (1979) also gives additional electromyographic information of affected facial muscles. When we use both paralysis score and integrated EMG, we can easily follow the recovery process of facial paralysis expresssed as increase of score and percentage of the integrated EMG. Both increases are almost linear to daily recovery of paralysis, and could be plotted on semilogarithmic paper as a linear line. By applying regression analysis to this, it is possible to calculate and determine the slope and constant of the following equation: Y=B logx-A Y: score, x: day, B: slope, A: constant. In the equation, slope means speed of recovery, such as recovery becomes rapid when it is high. In 29 cases of peripheral facial paralysis, the effect of methycobal group (12 cases) and steroid group (17 cases) was compared after calculation of each regression line in all cases. As to slope, the methycobal group and steroid group were 80.07, 92.21 respectively and showed no significant difference statistically. This means that methycobal has the same effect as steroid on treatment of facial paralysis.
A clinical study on the early prognostic diagnosis of peripheral facial palsy; The prognostic values of several tests of the facial nerve function (electroneurography, nerve excitability test, lacrimation test and stapedial reflex test) in the early stages of facial palsy were investigated in 110 cases of facial palsy. The efficacy of facial nerve decompression was also discussed from the standpoint of the time course of recovery in both surgical and non-surgical cases. Results are summarized as follows. Electroneurography and the nerve excitability test accurately predicted the outcome of palsy at an early stage. Full recovery of facial palsy could be expected within about one and a half months when the value of electroneurography had reached the level of 60%. Recovery of surgical cases was a little better than those of non-surgical cases, whose prognosis had been considered to be as poor as the former before treatment. This difference was more distinctly ovserved in the long term followup. With respect to the timing of operation, recovery was clearly better in those operated within the 20th day after the onset of palsy than those operated after the 21th day. Decompression was not very effective in preventing postparetic malfunction.
Clinical observation on complications of chickenpox; A total of 446 cases of chickenpox were seen at the Pediatric Department, National Taiwan University Hospital from January 1970 through December 1979. Of them 18 cases were found to have complications including eight of hemorrhagic progressive chickenpox, eight of meningoencephalitis, one of post-infectious thrombocytopenic purpura and one of Reye's syndrome with suspicious disseminated intravascular coagulation. Three cases with hemorrhagic progressive chickenpox also had complication of varicella pneumonia. All cases with hemorrhagic progressive chickenpox had received either immunosuppressive drugs, steroid hormone or both for 7 to 23 months before contracting chickenpox except one case who had received only one month of chemotherapy for brain stem tumor. Six out of eight of hemorrhagic progressive chickenpox had been suffering from lymphoproliferative malignancy and one from nephrotic syndrome before contracting chickenpox. Five of eight cases with hemorrhagic progressive chickenpox died (mortality rate: 62.5%); one with lymphoproliferative malignancy and two without lymphoproliferative malignancy survived. A case of varicella after steroid hormone treatment for nephrotic syndrome for about three months was complicated by Reye's syndrome. She died of disseminated intravascular coagulation and necropsy revealed fatty infiltration of the liver and mild hepatic necrosis of probably anoxic origin. Of eight cases with varicella meningoencephalitis three had cerebellar manifestations; four had encephalitis and only one had aseptic meningitis. None of them died, but three had residual neurologic sequelae at the time of discharge: one had facial palsy, one had ataxic gait and another had focal electroencephalographic abnormality.
Administration of mecobalamin after surgical repair of the facial nerve; Mecobalamin, 1500 μg/day, was administered to the 11 patients on whom surgical repair of the facial nerve had been done. On nine patients, eight with Bell's palsy and one with Ramsay Hunt's syndrome, an intratemporal decompression operation was carried out one month or more after the onset. Their palsies were complete and the nerves were proved to be seriously degenerated. On two patients, extratemporal facial nerve grafting was performed immediately after removal of the parotid tumor. Administration of mecobalamin continued for more than three months, an average of 27 weeks, after the operation. Comparing with our previous result of operation, we have noted favourable effects on the restoration of the facial nerve function. Although further clinical and experimental verification is needed, this preliminary study has suggested that the drug potentially promotes regeneration of the facial nerve.
Residual signs of peripheral facial paralysis: A group of fellow sufferers helping one another to cope; A significant proportion of patients with peripheral facial paralysis are left with residual signs. They have to learn to live with a changed appearance: a more or less lopsided face and frequently also impaired capacities of expression. On the assumption that the ability to cope with these permanent changes might be improved by discussion of problems and experiences with fellow sufferers, we have established an experimental group of fellow sufferers in cooperation with the patients. Procedures in this group are described. The question to what such groups owe their effectivity is considered in the discussion.
Facial paralysis in the newborn; A group of 95 patients with facial paralysis in the neonatal period are presented. In 74 patients it was believed to be secondary to trauma associated with pregnancy and delivery, and in 21 to be secondary to congenital lesions. The cause, extent, and clinical course of the paralyses are discussed. A classification is outlined to help in organizing a logical and systemic evaluation plan for these patients. Patients may be divided into four groups based on the time they are seen after birth, whether the nerve is stimulable, or whether the nerve loses its stimulability. On the basis of this classification, electromyogram studies, and roentgenographic findings, a presumptive diagnosis may be made and a treatment plan formulated. The treatment plan is based on the diagnosis, facial nerve excitability testing, and degree of deformity present. If there is evidence of facial nerve disruption, a facial nerve exploration is indicated. In congenital cases, reanimation procedures may be necessary.
Crocodile tears syndrome; Paroxysmal lacrimation is rare; it occurs most ofen after a peripheral facial palsy. The hypothesis which is most often advanced to explain this crocodile tears syndrome suggests it involves a shunt disorder at the time of regeneration of nerve fibers after a facial nerve lesion above the ganglion geniculum. Salivary fibers stray to the lacrimal pathway which causes a faulty gustolacrimal reflex. The logical therapy for this condition is interruption of the reflex pathway; section of the nervus petrosus superficialis major immediately produces healing and a definitive end to the crocodile tears syndrome.
Surgery of the facial nerve; The diagnosis and management of facial nerve disorders are challenging aspects of neurotological practice. In Bell's palsy and Herpes Zoster oticus facial nerve decompression is indicated in approximately 10 per cent of cases within the first three weeks if 90-95 per cent degeneration has occurred. The presence of a dry eye determines whether the lesion is proximal to the geniculate ganglion and a middle fossa approach is necessary. Injury to the facial nerve occurs most commonly as a result of temporal bone fractures, from either blunt trauma or penetrating wounds. Occasionally iatrogenic injury occurs during ear surgery. Injury resulting in immediate and total facial paralysis with degeneration confirmed by appropriate electrical testing requires facial nerve exploration. In the presence of an injury proximal to the geniculate ganglion and hearing preservation, exploration of the nerve via middle fossa approach is indicated. If the hearing is lost then the translabyrinthine approach is appropriate. In the event the entire interosseous segment requires exposure, both mastoid and middle fossa exposures are required. If the traumatized facial nerve has not been divided it is decompressed proximal and distal to the injury site. In the event the nerve is divided, a direct anastomosis is the ideal treatment. Rerouting is necessary to achieve adequate length for the anastomosis. Nerve grafting is done when required.
Otorhinolaryngologic presentations of infectious mononucleosis; Infectious mononucleosis is frequently encountered in pediatric practice. Symptoms of malaise, fever, fatigue with sore throat, cervical adenopathy, and splenomegaly are well known manifestations of the disease. The otolaryngologist usually has minimal contact with these patients. Most present with symptoms that are managed by their pediatricians and only a small percentage of those affected children hospitalized. Infectious mononucleosis has been known as a disease of young adults, usually affecting those between 15 and 35 years of age. The review of our series shows equal distribution in children ≤5 years (19), 6 to 10 years (21), and ≥10 years (21). There was no sex predilection and 79 per cent were Caucasian. Sixty-seven per cent had splenomegaly which concurred with the incidence of other series. Ten to 15 per cent of these children are known to have group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal throat culture. Our finding is similar with 18 per cent. Thirty-nine children had white blood counts greater than 10,000 per cu mm. A lymphocytosis with atypical cells occurred in 78 per cent. The following cases illustrate otolaryngologic presentations of infectious mononucleosis that are not frequently seen by the pediatrician. A recognition of these various chief complaints and treatment modalities is important in managing this disease.
Principles and clinical application of micronerve surgery and nerve transplantation in the maxillofacial area; Modern microsurgery techniques using perineural interfascicular-nerve suturing permit successful nerve reconstruction in tumor defects and injuries of the maxillofacial area. Since 1972 we have concentrated on nerve grafts and reconstructed the facial, accessory, hypoglossal, lingual, and mandibular nerves. In all cases, exclusively autologous nerve grafts were used; as donor nerves we found the great auricular and sural nerves especially suitable. Along with typical examples of the different nerve defects in maxillofacial surgery, our technique in these special nerve transplantation procedures is described.
Bell's palsy: Surgery based upon prognostic indicators and results; We studied 164 patients with Bell's palsy prospectively over the six-year period between August 1974 and June 1980. We found that the results of measuring tear production, submandibular salivary flow, the response to maximal stimulation, and evoked electromyography gave us sufficient information to group these patients according to prognosis - either unfavorable or favorable - for spontaneous return of facial function. When the test results were 26% or more of normal, 90% of the patients had complete recovery of function; these patients were given a favorable prognosis on the basis of the results of tests described above. The natural history of Bell's palsy in patients with an unfavorable prognosis could be improved if a transmastoid facial nerve decompression to the labyrinthine segment were performed. The results were better with this approach than with supportive or steroid therapy or transmastoid vertical-horizontal surgical decompression of the facial nerve.
Panel on treatment of Bell's palsy. Early decompression of the facial nerve in Bell's palsy; Decompression of the facial nerve for 200 patients with Bell's palsy has been performed by the author during the past 17 years. These procedures were accomplished without injury to the facial nerve or inner ear. In no case was the incus removed nor the tympanic membrane or posterior bony canal wall disturbed with the exception of two translabyrinthine procedures in which the incus and inner ear were removed. Of 34 patients with normal nerve excitability preoperatively all had 100% recovery of facial motion. In 147 others followed for one year or more and whose nerve excitability was absent preoperatively, there was obtained an average of 80% recovery of motion and usually some degree of synkinesis. One patient who had a missing segment of nerve and a nerve graft performed failed to obtain any facial motion. Biopsy of facial nerve fibers during surgery has been found to be a feasible and useful technique. There is still no way to establish a prognosis when one still has a chance to avoid a bad result. The best one can do is to carefully follow serial electrical tests and perform surgery at the time when electrical studies begin to deteriorate. It is hoped that deterioration will develop slowly enough that a third degree injury will not have developed by the time that surgery is performed. Considering the results of this series of cases it would seem that the best results can be obtained by early surgical decompression for Bell's palsy. The patient must be informed of the possibility and the decision regarding the nature and timing of treatment should be a subjective one made after a careful analysis of the available facts and each patient's own circumstances. The availability of a promptly accomplished and precisely performed facial nerve decompression allows every patient to have a minimal risk of disabling permanent facial deformity.
Pathomechanisms in cell metabolism: A key to treatment of Bell's palsy; In light of current research the classic theory on the vicious circle of Bell's palsy has to be reconsidered. New findings through electron microscopy and biochemistry concerning the structure and metabolism of cells have presented aspects which have consequences for treatment of the disease. These aspects deal mainly with the pathomechanisms of cell metabolism whose interactions also cause a vicious circle, leading to a breakdown of microcirculation and ultimately to the death of the cells due to hypoxia and acidosis. It is therefore suggested that the aim of an effective therapy must be the early normalization of cell metabolism by improving microcirculation. A fitting treatment protocol is presented and the extraordinarily good results are discussed.
Surgery of the facial nerve in relation to modern concepts of the physiopathology of Bell's paralysis; Bell's paralysis is generally attributed to oedematous swelling of the facial nerve confined to a rigid wall channel with secondary ischaemic compression to resolve which immediate decompression is required. It is recalled that the structure of the facial nerve changes in its course along Fallopius' canal and a pathogenetic hypothesis to explain the mechanism by which pressure is increased within the nerve trunk and how this causes later events that damage nerve fibres to a varying extent is discussed. Some interesting indications are forthcoming as to the intervention modalities for decompressing the facial nerve.
Neurological emergencies; Immediate intensive care, now readily available for medical emergencies, is seldom used during the development of any neurological illness - indeed the most critical condition of all, acute cerebral stroke starting at home, still continues to be untreated. This neglect is inhumane and much to be deplored now that it is possible for the general practitioner to transform with first aid the grim prospect that otherwise faces so many of these patients.
Hypoglosso-facial anastomosis. Results in 10 cases; The authors present the results of 10 hypoglosso-facial anastomoses performed according to the technique of J.M. Sterkers and J.M. Pelisse. In 9 cases regularly followed up: Muscle tone reappeared between 4 and 5 months and was symmetrical in all cases; Motility of the hemiface was visible between 4 and 7 months after the anastomosis. In 8 cases out of 9 the definitive result was good, with muscle testing varying between 17 and 23/30. In one case palpebral occlusion was incomplete with testing at 13/30. Paralysis of one-half of the tongue was invariably well tolerated. Hypoglosso-facial anastomosis has the value of reliability superior to other techniques, in particular facio-facial anastomosis.
Free microvascular and microneural transfer of the extensor digitorum brevis muscle for the treatment of unilateral facial palsy; The operation of transfer of the extensor digitorum brevis muscle to the face in the treatment of unilateral facial palsy (Thompson and Gustavson, 1976) has been further modified by immediate anastomosis of its vascular pedicle to the superficial temporal vessels. Six of our ten patients showed some new movement but in only three did this approach symmetry with the other side. Long term follow-up showed that improvement can be expected for up to two years after transfer. Our technique is assessed critically and suggestions are made for further improvement.
The surgical management of paralytic lagophthalmos; The various methods for the surgical treatment of paralytic lagophthalmos are reviewed. Indications for static or dynamic correction of the upper and lower eyelids are discussed and our preferences expressed.
A Mobius syndrome. Therapeutical aspects; The main features of Mobius' syndrome are facial diplegia, and bilateral paralysis of the VI cranial nerves. It is therefore as though the patient was wearing a mask. It is a relatively rare affection and little is known about whether it is of nervous or muscular origin. In any event, it ultimately affects both nerves and muscles. Surgical management therefore aims at the reconstruction of a complete neuromuscular system. In doing this, the authors here recommend the use of the abundant local resources in preference to recourse to transplants from other parts of the body.
Laryngeal closure in the management of severe long-standing bulbar palsy in a child; An 11-year-old girl developed a severe brainstem encephalopathy thought to be due to multiple sclerosis. She has been left with a severe long-standing bulbar palsy and a permanent tracheostomy. A new operation of laryngeal closure is described which gave relief from recurrent aspiration pneumonia and cardiorespiratory failure.
Carotid-artery rupture as a late effect of thorotrast angiography; Thorotrast, a contrast medium containing radioactive thorium, was in use in the period 1930 to 1945. It is retained in the body after use, with harmful effects, including the induction of malignancies. Accidental, extravasal injection during carotid angiography results in cervical granulomas with progressive, local damage. A case is reported in which lesions of the vagus, glossopharyngeal, hypoglossal and facial nerves have developed over a 40-year period after carotid angiography. A limited removal of the injected Thorotrast was carried out and, in the postoperative period, rupture of the arterial wall necessitated ligation of the common carotid artery. No additional complications arose from this. The therapeutic implications are discussed.
Intraocular gnathostomiasis; A case of intraocular gnathostomiasis in a 22-year-old Malaysian university student is reported. This case is unique in its photographic demonstration of the parasite attached to a retinal vessel in the patient's left eye. The worm was removed by vitrectomy and identified as the third larval stage of Gnathostoma spinigerum. Removal of the parasite may have been lifesaving in view of the longevity of the worm in the human host and the potential for central nervous system involvement.
The versatile surgical possibilities to treat an established facial paralysis; The time interval between the onset of the paralysis and the beginning of treatment based on the diagnostic preoperative data determines the course of treatment. The author describes the versatile surgical possibilities which comprise muscle flaps, nerve grafts, hypoglossal facial nerve anastomoses or a combination of these techniques.
Non chromaffin paragangliomas of the head and neck. Diagnostic and therapeutic angiography in 19 cases explored from 1977 to 1980; Nineteen cases of non chromaffin paraganglioma of the head and neck explored from 1977 to 1980 are reported. Twenty-five angiographies were performed, including 14 with embolization. Sixteen patients were operated upon, 2 of them without prior embolization. No lasting complication occurred in this series; only 2 asymptomatic extravasations during embolization and one peripheral facial paralysis which regressed spontaneously within 3 days were observed. During a 6-month to 4-year follow-up, no objective or subjective sign of recurrence was seen in patients who had preoperative embolization. Out of 19 patients explored, only 3 had clinical symptoms suggesting secretory activity of the lesion. VMA or 5-HIAA levels were not measured in any of the patients. An extremely strict procedure aimed at providing a complete map of the lesion and accurate information on its primary bilateral multifocal character has been developed. It involves injection of the contralateral ascending pharyngeal artery and of the homolateral vertebral, internal carotid, internal maxillary, posterior auricular, occipital and ascending pharyngeal arteries successively. All injections are performed with a small calibre (4.1 F) catheter, irrespective of the patient's age. Whenever possible, embolization is carried out as injections proceed and through the same catheter, using small fragments of dura-mater and large fragments of Spongel. Towards the end of the examination, the dominant vertebral artery is injected through a thin-walled 4.8 F catheter. The information obtained by this method on the jugular venous system is sufficient to preclude jugulography, which was only performed once and early in this series. In the second part of this paper 4 cases creating special problems are discussed, i.e.: 1 case of mandibular metastasis from a previously excised carotid lesion; 1 case where typical angiographic and clinical signs of local recurrence were unconfirmed by surgery and histology; 1 tumour in the pterygoid area with oculomotor disorders and hyperaemia of the cavernous sinus area; and 1 small lesion surrounded with highly vascular bone tissue. The authors discuss the significance of peritumoral hypervascularity of healthy tissue: does it reflect secretory activity, local malignancy, or post-operative inflammation? Non chromaffin paragangliomas of the head and neck must be embolized when they are amenable to surgery. In inoperable cases embolization can alleviate symptoms provided it is aimed at pre-determined, well-defined targets. The authors consider that embolization may on no account be considered as an alternative to surgery when tumors are operable.
Bell's palsy (prevention and treatment); The effectiveness of a variety of the most popular methods used for treatment Bell's paralysis is analyzed on a great number (1168 patients) of cases. It has been found that the results of the treatment are predetermined primarily by the gravity of the facial nerve affection. No convincing dependence of the treatment effect on the disease etiology was noted, except cases of Bell's paralysis of vascular etiology, the outcome of which was worse. A less favourable outcome was also observed in patients over 60 years of age and in cases of paralysis relapses. Of the methods of treating Bell's paralysis tested by the authors it was early use of perineural injections of hydrocortisone and novocaine in combination with the traditional methods (etiotropic, resorptive, and restorative means, electrotherapy, exercises) that proved to be the most efficacious. On the basis of the follow-up study of 676 patients recommendations on the treatment of residual phenomena of Bell's paralysis and on preventing the latter's relapses are given.
Averaged blink reflex test; Averaging of blink reflex responses was of particular value in detecting a very small potential of R1 in patients with severe facial nerve palsy where the conventional single stimulation method proved inefficient. To find the most suitable interval of stimulation for averaging, the recovery cycle of R1 was studied. The result showed that the R1 recovery curve could be divided into four phases. The initial facilitation phase at the interval of 5 msec was followed by a brief phase of depression. It was further followed by a second facilitation phase with a maximum of about 60 msec. Lastly the recovery curve returned to almost the 100% level after 100 msec. Due to the second facilitation phase, stimuli given at an interval of 60 msec were efficient for averaging of blink reflex responses. Though R1 to the second stimulus at this interval might have overlapped with R2 to the first stimulus, averaging of responses made R1 more prominent and R2 more inconspicuous, because R1 had a constant latency at R2 a variable latency to each stimulus.
A choice of two-stage operation and the microsurgical anatomy for large trigeminal neurinoma; A large trigeminal neurinoma extending from the middle fossa to the posterior fossa was successfully removed by a two-stage operation. The benefit of two-stage operation for this type of trigeminal neurinoma is discussed and microsurgical anatomy useful for this operation is described. A 34-yr-old man was admitted to our hospital because of right facial numbness, unstable gait and visual disturbance. Neurological examination revealed right trigeminal palsy, horizontal nystagmus, left pyramidal tract signs and choked discs. Radiological studies including CT scan and cerebral angiography disclosed a large cystic tumor in the middle fossa and extending into the posterior fossa, with the brain stem markedly displaced to the left. The initial operation was performed using a right frontotemporal approach. First, the tumor bulging from the base of the middle fossa was removed and then a large part of the tentorial incisura. Histological examination proved it to be a neurinoma. Postoperatively, the left pyramidal tract disturbance and nystagmus disappeared, but diplopia due to abducens palsy became evident. CT study confirmed the disappearance of the middle fossa tumor and correction of the brain stem displacement. Additionally, the residual tumor in the posterior fossa moved to the right C-P angle from the ventral of the brain stem. The second operation was carried out using the suboccipital approach a month later, and the residual tumor adhering to the 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 cranial nerves was completely removed. The trigeminal nerve was totally tumefied and the abducens nerve was not visible. Except for right facial hypesthesia, abducens palsy and slight facial palsy, postoperative course was uneventful and the patient was discharged in good condition. Operative techniques for trigeminal neuronoma have not been well documented so far, probably because of the rarity and diversity of tumor size and extension. Schisano and Olivecrona recommended a suboccipital approach in a case of large trigeminal neurinoma with symptoms of brain stem compression. The authors, however, propose the advantage of a two-stage operation with first a supratentorial approach in order to avoid additional compression and damage to the brain stem which is already compressed and displaced. Microsurgical anatomy for the operation on a trigeminal neurinoma with a special emphasis on the abducens nerve is described.
ACTH and corticosteroid treatment for neurological diseases; In a review of the literature, the possible uses of ACTH and glucocorticoids in neurology are discussed. ACTH is indicated particularly in pseudoparalytic myasthenia gravis, whereas it can be recommended only with due reservations in acute episodes of multiple sclerosis, in cerebral edema and in propulsive petit-mal. Glucocorticoids are used predominantly in the treatment of pseudo-paralytic myasthenia gravis, dermatomyositis, polyneuropathies that are part of collagen diseases, temporal arteritis, rheumatic polymyalgia, the Tolosa-Hunt syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, cerebral edema and neurosarcoidosis.
Paralysis of the lower lip and the selective neurectomy; To restore facial symmetry in cases of paralyzed lower lip, the authors have followed the selective neurectomy procedure developed for the lower lip, by Marino, and Marino and Alurralde. After cadaveric dissections carried out on 10 facial halves, they demonstrated that several other interconnected branches of the facial nerve innervate the lower lip musculature. This fact led them not to limit the operation to the sectioning of the proximal marginalis mandibularis, but to include in the neurectomy these peripheral branches also. As a result of the more extensive resection of motor nerves the return of movement to the denervated muscles can be avoided.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve cross-over for rehabilitation of the paralyzed face; Ten patients with unilateral facial nerve paralysis had been treated by hypoglossal-facial nerve approximation in the years 1971-1979. The proximal part of the facial nerve inside the petrous bone and at the inner ear entrance had been destroyed by tumor or accident without chance for repair. Therefore the hypoglossal nerve had been used to contact the intact main trunk and its intact peripheral nerve and mimic muscle system. 3 to 4 epineural nerve sutures had been placed with 8/0 vicryl suture material for approximation. In one patient anastomosis could be obtained by splitting the hypoglossal nerve with remarkable result to the mimic function, while the muscular atrophy of the tongue was minimal. With regard to the results the achieved mimic reinnervation took place in 3,5 to 6 months, but was found to be refined up to 2 years. Oral discomfort, swallowing, and speech disorders lasted 2 1/2 to 6 weeks postoperatively, depending upon the age and the patients mental activity, since the patient has to learn by using his tongue for mimical expressions. The final result obtained a balanced closure of the mouth and eyes, a complete movement of the lips and cheeks, a rarely delayed innervation of the frontal muscles. Due to reinnervation the denervated half of the tongue had developed a marked increase of activity from nerve fiber ingrowth of the intact side. The patient finally feels little to complain about the favourable facial result.
Fibrosarcoma of juvenile in middle fossa; A rare case with an extradural meningeal fibrosarcoma which invades and protrudes into the skull bone was reported. The patient was a 14-yr-old boy who suffered from the sudden onset of peripheral facial palsy. Plain skull x ray and angiography showed no abnormal findings. It was diagnosed as Bell's palsy and was treated with a stellate ganglion block. Primarily, the region was recongized as the small one in the extradural middle fossa. However, the tumor developed very rapidly and occupied the whole middle fossa. The patient visited the author's clinic complaining of developing hypacusia with vomiting. The plain skull x ray showed the destruction of the rt pyramis, but there was no abnormal density in CT scan. Angiographically, abnormal vascularity showed in the rt skull base. It was diagnosed as a Cerebello-Pontine Angle Tumor and suboccipital craniotomy was done. The tumor was 1x1 cm in diameter and was located in the extradura around VII, VIII cranial nerves, and did not infiltrate into the intradura. The tumor, which was grey-white, glittering partially like gelatin, was totally removed. Pathologically, interlacing bandles of small spindle cells and intercellular reticulin were found. After the operation a total amount of 4900 rad of 60Co was given. And at the same time, Vincristin was administered intravenously, but was given up at the amount of 5,625 mg. After three weeks, the low density around the rt pyramis was seen in the CT scan. Otalgia and pain in the back of rt ear attacked and tormented him. Secretion from the tumor in the external auditory meatus was found. Angiography showed the enlargement of the tumor, which elevated the dura of the middle fossa. Four months after the initial onset, the second operation was done at the subtemporal region. It was neither totally removed nor decompressed because of massive bleeding. Neurologically II, III, IV, VII, VIII, IX, X cranial nerves were impaired and the patient suffered from severe facial pain. He died 8 months after the onset. This case showed no typically clinical course, so, it was impossible to diagnose it without histological examination.
Respiratory and bulbar paralysis with relapsing hyperthyroidism; Bulbar paresis occurring in patients with hyperthyroidism is a well-recognised phenomenon. Reports have cited only difficulty in swallowing and aspiration pneumonia as serious complications of the bulbar weakness. We report a case of hyperthyroid bulbar myopathy that required artificial ventilation to support life.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. A review of the literature and a case report; Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome is an uncommon condition of obscure aetiology and uncertain pathogenesis. It is characterized by swelling of the lips or other parts of the face and mouth. Bell's palsy, and fissured tongue. Disturbances of salivary, lacrimal and nasal secretion, disorders of taste and vision, migraine, and febrile symptoms occasionally accompany the condition. Treatment is aimed at management of the facial paralysis and cosmetic reduction of established facial swelling.
Facial paralysis and surgery; Peripheral facial paralysis is a very frequent affection. 400 cases have been treated in the E.N.T. Department of Bordeaux between 1973 and 1979. The localization of the facial nerve in the temporal bone means its diagnosis and treatment belong to the E.N.T. field. For diagnosis we have been able to pinpoint the importance of the lesions of the nerve and their localization. The muscular test, clearly quantified and easy to practise, is added to exploration of the function of other facial nerve branches (tear-test, gustametry, stapedius reflex study). The electric test gives us a prognosis. A best evaluation of facial paralysis gives fewer surgical indications, but is more precise. Facial paralysis requires immediate diagnosis and treatment. The aim is to eliminate sequellae of the movements of the face, so important in social intercourse.
Cross-face nerve grafting in facial paralysis; Facial paralysis causes a most disturbing deformity with functional, emotional and social consequences for the people afflicted. For a few years, very promising advances in the treatment of facical palsy have been developed and new ways of surgical management have been introduced. Cross-face nerve grating connect the non-paralysed facial nerve branches to the paralyzed ones and by these means realizes a reanimation of the paralyzed side of the face. 14 cases have been operated upon according to this technique. The results of 10 cases with a sufficient followup are analysed. Good and satisfactory results were obtained in 8 cases. Two cases were considered bad with poor recovery of facial muscle activity. The overall results of cross-face nerve grafting are very gratifying. The technique should always be attempted in first instance. Other substitutional methods for further improvement should be reserved for later.
Poland's syndrome; In a review of the international bibliography, we have found 133 cases of Poland's Syndrome. In our series (35 cases) we have made anatomic, etiologic and therapeutic considerations in all the variables encountered. We present cases with alterations not previously reported and we emphasize the association with other disorders.
Treatment of Bell's palsy. An analysis of the available studies; In this paper the basic requirements for a clinical therapeutic trial in Bell's palsy are discussed. The available therapeutic studies are analysed in view of these requirements. The following conclusions seem justified: (1) Galvanic stimulation has not been proved to lead to a better recovery. (2) There is no evidence that decompression of the mastoid part of the facial nerve in the second or third week has a positive effect. Whether surgery at an earlier stage or decompression of the complete intratemporal part of the nerve is effective, has not yet been studied. (3) There is no convincing proof that prednisone administration up to a daily dose of 60-80 mg during the first days has any effect.
Facial palsy due to acute otitis media; Facial palsy due to otitis media has become rare since the advent of antibiotics. However, not all otitic palsies can be cured by antibiotics alone. Eight cases with facial palsy due to acute otitis media have been reported, and the pathophysiology and treatment of this disease are discussed. From our observation of these cases, the following conclusions are made: (1) facial palsy, generally considered due to acute otitis media, is, in reality, a complication of mastoiditis; and (2) since treatment by antibiotics alone appeared to be less effective for quick recovery in cases of acute otitis media followed by facial palsy, mastoidectomy at appropriate time is definitely recommended.
The indications, technique and results of facio-facial anastomosis; On the basis of our experiences with facio-facial nerve anastomosis in 62 patients, with and without various plastic procedures on skin and muscles, we can definitely say that results are not as satisfactory as those of nerve suture or grafting, when performed as a direct operation on the facial nerve. This is obvious because only 50% of the fibers of the intact (donor) nerve are available for anastomosis. Consequently a facio-facial anastomosis should only be considered in those cases where a direct operation on the facial nerve is technically impossible or where a previous operation on the lesion has not produced the desired improvement and the anastomosis is done as an additional procedure. To achieve the most satisfactory result we would recommend performing plastic procedures on skin and muscle at the same stage. With this technique we were able to secure satisfactory results in 21 cases.
Conservative parotidectomy by the peripheral approach; A series of 30 consecutive conservative parotidectomies is reported with a detailed assessment of the extent and duration of facial nerve damage. There was one case of severe temporary facial nerve paralysis but no cases of permanent palsy. All operations were performed using the peripheral approach to the facial nerve and the technique employed is described.
Management on Bell's palsy; Although the prognosis in Bell's palsy is generally good, there is a risk of sequelae in 10 to 15% of cases (incomplete recovery, hemifacial spasms). This warrants emergency medical treatment and repeated neurosensory test with a view to undertaking surgical decompression in severe cases. Conservative treatment consists of combining antiedema agents, vasodilators and vitamins of the B group. After ten days, clinical and electromyographic evaluation should be repeated. The absence of clinical recovery combined with altered or abolished electrical conduction is an indication for surgical decompression of the facial nerve.
Microvascular decompression of the facial nerve for hemifacial spasm: Clinical and electrophysiologic observations; Eight patients with idiopathic hemifacial spasm were studied before and after decompression of the facial nerve. Seven patients had an excellent clinical response to surgery, with total resolution of the spasm. One patient had a complete facial palsy and sensorineural deafness on the involved side after surgery, with recurrence of the spasm 6 months later. In all patients, synkinetic activity was present on the involved side before surgery and disappeared after surgery. These findings suggest that the disorder involves the extra-axial portion of the facial nerve. The findings do not require an etiologic role of vascular compression because the response to surgery could be related either to mild trauma of the nerve during the surgical procedure or to subsequent fibrosis.
Facial palsy. Surgical treatment; In this paper the authors present 15 patients treated for irreversible facial paralysis. After making a study of the different etiological agents which may cause this kind of paralysis and a description of the surgical possibilities that present day surgery offers, the authors analyse the conditions of the criteria used for their treatment, drawing conclusions from the results obtained. They feel that Thompson's muscle grafts should be the treatment of choice for the surgery of the muscle in long standing palsies. Cross facial anastomosis, on the other hand, is the method of choice when the facial musculature is not totally atrophic and still has some degree of functionality.
Occult neoplasms in facial paralysis; A review of 14 cases of occult neoplasms associated with facial paralysis indicated that when the onset was gradual over a period of weeks or months, when all of the scientific and technological investigations, including CT scanning, polytomes, neurosensory and otologic tests, sialography, lacrimation, taste, internal acoustic meatus, evaluation of the deep lobe of the parotid, and clinical examination of the parotid and neck were negative, the tumor was almost always found in association with the main trunk of the extratemporal portion of the parotid gland. Of these neoplasms, 80% were malignant tumors of the parotid gland and 15% were neurilemomas of the main trunk of the facial nerve. The above situation is an indication for human assessment by surgical investigation of the facial nerve, with the first priority being given to the main trunk of the extratemporal portion.
Spontaneous return of facial motion following seventh cranial nerve resection; Four patients who had undergone operative procedures, wherein substantial segments of the VIIth cranial nerve had been resected, experienced some degree of reanimation of the muscles of expression despite the fact that no restitutive measures were employed. The site of insult was in the face in two; the temporal bone in one; and the fourth occurred in the cerebellopontine angle. Teeth-clenching and grimacing were practiced before a mirror by each subject, and one wonders if 're-education' of dormant trigeminal nerve fibers might have facilitated the rehabilitation which was achieved.
Cholesteatoma in the petrous apex; Six patients with extensive cholesteatoma in the petrous pyramid are reported. All patients had a facial palsy of long duration. In five patients with a history of otitis media, radiographic examinations and surgical explorations revealed chronic inflammatory changes in the middle ear, which suggested that the cholesteatoma in the petrous pyramid was associated with a preceding otitis media. Only in one patient, without a past history of otitis media, was the cholesteatoma assumed to be of congenital origin. The cholesteatoma was totally removed in five patients using a translabyrinthine approach and in one by a middle cranial fossa approach. Control of middle ear infection, obliteration of the mastoid petrosal cavity, and facial nerve repair were supplementary but significant surgical problems.
Two cases of the brain metastasis from the cancer of colon. Case reports and literature review; Two unusual cases of brain metastasis from cancer of the colon were reported. A 63 year old female (case 1), who underwent hemicolectomy for carcinoma of the transverse colon about a year ago, was admitted because of progressive unsteady gait, nausea and vomiting. She disclosed marked trunkal ataxia, right limb ataxia, right Horner sign, right facial palsy and bilateral horizontal gaze nystagmus. Computed tomogram revealed a low density area (4x5 cm) in the posterior fossa. Following the infusion of contrast material a scattered enhancement was noted within this low density area. Surgical removal was total and the pathological diagnosis of the tumor was adenocarcinoma, consistent with a primary colon carcinoma. A 52 year old male (case 2) had generalized convulsion and then walked unsteadily. Four months ago, he had low anterior resection of a carcinoma of the sigmoid colon. On examination, he showed mild dysarthria, left facial palsy and left limb ataxia. Computed tomogram revealed a mild increased density (5 cm in size) with surrounding edema in right frontal region. After infusion of contrast material there was marked enhancement of a mass lesion. On neurological examination, pursuit movement was saccadic, especially on the right, optokinetic nystagmus was suppressed on the left side and visual suppression of caloric nystagmus disappeared in both directions. However, after removal of the mass these abnormal findings were all improved. Surgery (subtotal removal) revealed metastatic adenocarcinoma, compatible with a primary carcinoma. We postulated that his ataxia was attributed to frontal ataxia and this was discussed from a neurotological point of view. Carcinoma of the large intestine relatively rarely metastasizes to the brain, possibly because of the filtering effect of the pulmonary and hepatic circulation.
Two cases of bilateral simultaneous facial palsy; Case 1. A 50-year-old woman who had a long-term administration of steroid, presented peripheral facial palsy on both sides at a time interval of six days. Her illness was diagnosed as bilateral Bell's palsy because there was no evidence of systemic diseases. Case 2. A 58-year-old woman with an ovarian tumor and polyneuritis, presented bilateral facial palsy at intervals of two days. CSF tests revealed the existence of Guillain-Barre syndrome. After the gynecological operation facial palsy recovered slowly. In the two cases the recovery was earlier and more complete on the following side than on the preceding side of facial palsy.
Free muscle grafting in facial paralysis; For the dynamic restoration of elevation of the angle of the mouth in facial paralysis six possible variations of free muscle and nerve graft techniques are described. One of the techniques using the previously denervated extensor digitorum brevis muscle with its motor nerve in continuity serving as a cross-face nerve graft, was used in eight patients. The results were disappointing and it is concluded that the method should be abandoned.
Basal cell adenoma of the major salivary glands. Report of a case with facial nerve encroachment; Basal cell adenoma of the parotid gland showed histopathologic evidence of facial nerve encroachment. A review of the pertinent literature and a discussion of current concepts of the histogenesis of the tumor indicate that a spectrum of benign to malignant forms of this unusual tumor may exist. The sparsely reported association of this tumor and its malignant variants to facial nerve pathology is discussed, and recommendations for treatment are made.
Parotid tumours. A 10-year series from the Department of ENT. Oslo city Hospital Ulleval Sykehus; Parotid enlargement is a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge to all physicians. In a study of 193 patients with parotid tumours operated upon in an ENT department, the incidence of complications such as facial paralysis, tumour recurrence and gustatory sweating (Frey syndrome) is reviewed and discussed. The histological specimens collected during the 10-year period have been reevaluated and are listed in accordance with the WHO classification for salivary gland tumours. Biopsy of a parotid tumour should be avoided in view of the risk of local implantation of tumour cells. It is our opinion that the tumour should be removed via a superficial or total parotidectomy even if benign. The operation should be carried out in an ENT-department and by a surgeon well conversant in the anatomy of the facial nerve.
Surgery for Bell's palsy; Electroneuronographic study of the spontaneous course of Bell's palsy shows that chance of a satisfactory spontaneous return of facial function is reduced to 50% when 95% or more maximal degeneration is reached within two weeks of onset. For this reason immediate surgical decompression (including the meatal foramen) was performed on 14 patients with 90% or more degeneration within three weeks of palsy onset. These patients and 13 who refused treatment under similar conditions were reviewed one to three years later by three physicians familiar with facial nerve problems. Results show that to obtain satisfactory (80% to 100%) return of facial movements in all cases of Bell's palsy, surgical decompression should be performed within 24 hours when degeneration reaches 90% to 94% within one to 21 days after onset. By using these guidelines, the number of unnecessary operations will be kept under 16%.
The temporalis myofascial dynamic sling; The temporalis myofascial dynamic sling is a facial rehabilitative technique commonly used to reanimate the paralyzed face. The technique is especially useful after facial muscle atrophy has occurred or neurotization attempts have failed. The temporalis myofascial transfer can rehabilitate both the eye and the corner of the mouth and in contrast to static sling procedures can restore dynamic motor function. By applying the dynamic force of the myofascial pedicle generated by clenching the teeth the motivated patient can produce facial movement. The psychological reward for the patient in this case is significant.
Gold implant to upper eyelid for correction of lagophthalmos; Individually fitted upper eyelid gold implants were placed in 18 patients with lagophthalmos due to facial palsy, with satisfactory results. The advantages, disadvantages, and possible complications are reported.
Facial paralysis of neoplastic origin: Diagnosis and management; The individual with a progressive (weeks to months) facial weakness should be considered to have a tumor involving the facial nerve until proved otherwise. All individuals experiencing a facial paralysis must undergo a thorough neurotologic evaluation to establish the etiology. Bell's palsy is a diagnosis by exclusion. While computerized axial tomography (CAT) scans, polytomography and arteriograms are extremely helpful, these studies very often fail to demonstrate intrinsic tumors involving the facial nerve. For this reason all individuals experiencing a progressive facial paralysis should have an exploration of their facial nerve from the internal auditory canal (IAC) through the stylomastoid foramen into the parotid gland. The purpose of this paper is to present a series of cases of facial paralysis having as their etiology intrinsic or extrinsic neoplasms. Clinical patterns are established, diagnostic protocols formulated and the results of surgical management reviewed.
The use of cromolyn sodium in the prevention of nerve degeneration in Bell's palsy; Clinical use by inhalation of cromolyn sulphate, a mast cell degranulator inhibitor, within 4 days after the onset of Bell's palsy will prevent nerve degeneration and provide complete recovery within a range of 2 wk. The successful administration of the drug supports the authors' experimental concept of Bell's palsy as an immunological disease. The triggering action of the mast cell as a part of IgE antibody cell mediator system is postulated as the key role on controlling the neural edema. In this paper the authors contrast the difference in disease duration time and degree of recovery in a group of patients using high dose prednisone therapy and a group using cromolyn sulphate.
Rhabdomyosarcoma of the middle ear in a child; An embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma of the middle ear occurring in a child is described. The disease history showed an acute process in the middle ear accompanied by early seventh nerve paralysis. The external auditory canal was filled with a rapidly growing polypoid mass. Surgical treatment was limited and provided adequate biopsy material. Treatment consisted of multiple-drug chemotherapy and radiation therapy followed by maintenance chemotherapy. The facial nerve paralysis resolved and the patient has remained free of disease one year after treatment was started.
Management of cranial nerves I through VII following skull base surgery; Cranial nerve injuries are common with skull base surgery. While injuries to the seventh and tenth cranial nerves can be corrected to satisfactory degrees, rehabilitation of the third, fourth, and sixth nerves is possible to only a limited degree. This study stresses the management of facial paralysis following skull base surgery and is based upon the author's experiences in dealing with 38 patients who suffered such a facial paralysis. The best results of rehabilitative surgical treatment were achieved with techniques that connect the central stump to the peripheral system. The time between nerve injury and repair was the most significant determinant of the success of the surgical procedure: when the nerve was repaired within three months of the injury, the best results were obtained; when the central stump was not available or the injury was more than two years old, repair was not as satisfactory. In the latter case the procedure of choice was the 12th-7th nerve hookup. Indications and results of facial nerve grafting, cross faciofacial nerve hookups, muscle swings, free muscle implantations, and eye reanimation techniques are discussed.
Superficial musculoaponeurotic system suspension and buccinator plication for facial nerve paralysis; This case demonstrates the use of the superficial musculoaponeurotic system for suspension in facial nerve paralysis. This approach allows access to the buccinator, which is plicated to the masseteric fascia to reduce intraoral redundancy.
Review of peripheral facial palsy; A long portion of the facial nerve is located inside the temporal bone from where it gives its main branches. Topographic tests help to localize a lesion clinically, and electrodiagnostic tests are used to determine the degree of damage to the nerve. Bell's palsy or facial nerve idiopathic paralysis is the most frequent cause of peripheral facial palsies; the diagnosis is made by exclusion. The course of the disease tends toward a complete remission in most cases (85%) but some cases (15%) may leave permanent long term sequelae. The treatment usually aims at the cause of the palsy. In Bell's palsy, it is important to follow closely the evolution with the electrodiagnostic tests in order to detect the first signs of degeneration as soon as possible; then surgical decompression is indicated.
Neuronography of the facial nerve; Electrophysiological methods of examination of the facial nerve provide information concerning the degree of nerve damage and the progress c.q. arrest of instituted treatment; they may also be used to assess therapeutic results of peripheral facial paresis. Since 1975, the ORL Clinic of the University of Halle in addition to the traditional methods of functional and topical diagnosis applies electroneuronogaphy to study facial nerve function. So far it has been carried out in 197 patients. Findings prove electroneuronography to be an adequate method for objective determination of facial nerve function. It constitutes a valuable addition to traditional methods of examination, especially in questions of the therapeutic consequences in recent peripheral facial paresis.
Lymphocytic lymphoma involving the middle ear; A patient with lymphocytic lymphoma involving the middle ear had otalgia and facial palsy as his initial symptoms, and the definitive diagnosis was made by means of biopsy of the tumor in the middle ear. Review of te literature revealed only one other case with clinical involvement of the middle ear space.
Facial nerve reconstruction; A retrospective study on 21 patients who had a reconstruction of their facial nerve was undertaken by means of a new photographic method of evaluation. The average of recuperation results was 62.38%. 85% of the patients achieved a good or excellent evaluation. The only individual parameter that showed some influence on the outcome of the surgery was the length of the graft. Compared with a short graft (≤1 cm), the long graft (≥1 cm) is associated with better results. Good and excellent results appeared available for patients whose preoperative palsy had lasted from 18 to 36 months.
Nerve injuries during rhytidectomy. Considerations after 3,203 cases; The potential for injury to the nerves of the face is ever-present in rhytidectomy. Only a thorough knowlegde of the anatomy of the face, adequate surgical experience, and strict adherence to basic operating principles can avoid problems. The temporalis, paraorbitalis, genian, mandibular, and cervicoauricularis areas each offer hazards, which are detailed in this discussion, along with some technical details to avoid both temporary and permanent damage.
Facial paralysis in children - differential diagnostics and therapy; Review based on 121 personal cases from 25 years. 33 paralyses (27.3%) were already present immediately after birth (10 children with malformations, 10 times caused mechanically and in 6 cases by hypoxemic or toxic damages). 88 paralyses (72.3%) occurred in elder infants and children: 37 cases of idiopathic (Bell's) palsy, 23 other diseases of viral origin (meningo-encephalitis, poliomyelitis, complication from polio-immunization), 8 bacterial infections (mastoiditis, purulent meningitis, tuberculous lymphadenitis) 7 tumours and 6 traumatic processes. Congenital palsies presented mostly as central paralyses and acquired ones more frequently as peripherical paralyses. The latter had two peaks in the age distribution, in preschool-children and in the middle school-age. A flow-chart for rational differential diagnostics is presented. According to the good prognosis of facial paralysis in children we recommend only conservative treatment with corticosteroids immediately after onset of the disease. An operative decompression of the facial nerve was never necessary. 38 children were followed-up: two thirds showed complete normalization of the facial function and the remaining third had only slight disturbances. Severe residuals were found in no child. The idiopathic cases have the best prognosis.
Free revascularised muscle grafts reinnervated by cross facial nerve grafts; In an attempt to restore more normal voluntary and involuntary movement in the paralysed face, free revascularised muscle grafts were inserted in 7 patients, all of whom had non-functioning perioral and lower cheek musculature on one side. This procedure was preceded by a cross facial nerve graft in order to supply the nerve fibres to the graft as soon after its insertion as possible. The clinical and electromyographical results are discussed and together have provided sufficient evidence to indicate that the technique works effectively.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; A description is given of a case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome in which a woman patient had a facial paralysis with hemifacial swelling on 4 occasions within 3 years. A study of the literature over the last 5 years was made, 25 publications being found. These were examined mainly to gain insight into the course, prognosis and therapy of this syndrome.
Facial diplegie through tick bites; Facial diplegy is seldom met in otology. The etiology through tick bites is exceptional (25 cases in the whole world). The clinical evolution is the same as the one of peripheral facial paralysis, that is to say the affection is curable with sequelae or not. After a short parasitologic recall, the authors connect this paralysis with the neurological form of polyradiculoneuritis.
A case of thalamic germinoma with crossed aphasia in a dextral; A patient, 17-year-old right-handed male, was admitted with chief complaints of headache, abnormality of visual field and speech disturbance. There were pigmentations on the back of hand, foot and the perineum. Neurological examination revealed left homonymous hemianopsia, right slight degree of ptosis, left facial palsy, a mild paresis of the left upper extremity and motor aphasia. Right carotid angiography showed marked unrolling and midline shift of right anterior cerebral artery. CT scan revealed ring-like high density area in the right thalamic region, which was enhanced after contrast infusion. Brain scintigraphy also showed an abnormal accumulation at the same site. The hen-egg sized tumor (40 g.) was almost totally removed by the right fronto-parietal craniotomy. The tumor was characterized histologically by the so-called two-cell pattern with teratomatous components. As postoperative treatment local injection of adriamycin, irradiation and immunotherapy with picibanil were performed, and then left hemiparesis was markedly improved without sign of recurrence. Language evaluation was performed after operation. There were dysarthria, remarkable word amnesia, paraphasia and perseveration. Repetition was also impaired. His speech function was concluded to be a mixed type aphasia mainly composed of Broca's aphasia. The speech function of thalamus and crossed aphasia with dextrales were discussed.
Lymphocytic lymphoma involving the middle ear; A patient with lymphocytic lymphoma involving the middle ear had otalgia and facial palsy as his initial symptoms, and the definitive diagnosis was made by means of biopsy of the tumor in the middle ear. Review of the literature revealed only one other case with clinical involvement of the middle ear space.
Tolosa-Hunt syndrome: A case with associated facial nerve palsy; A 54-year-old man developed a painful right third nerve palsy with signs of involvement of the first two divisions of the trigeminal nerve and, later, ipsilateral peripheral facial nerve weakness. A cavernous sinus venogram demonstrated narrowing of the third portion of the right ophthalmic vein and poor filling of the adjacent cavernous sinus. Resolution occurred with steroid therapy. The Tolosa-Hunt syndrome may be a variant of a larger syndrome of recurrent multiple cranial polyneuropathies without identifiable cause.
Moebius syndrome: One case; The Moebius syndrome is a congenital anomaly characterized by paralysis of the sixth and seventh nerves. In some instances, there may be weakness of the adductors. The other muscles are normal. Visual acuity is not affected. Other congenital defects may be associated: polydactyly, and defects of the ear and of the tongue. The etiology is probably an embryonal aggression, because of aplasia of the facial and abducens nuclei. The impossibility to move the eyes laterally in either direction points to supranucleus involvement by defective development of the medial longitudinal fasciculus. Some people suggest that a myogenic disturbance should be the principal and unique etiology. There is no evolution, and no treatment.
Moebius syndrome associated with benign intracranial hypertension; A patient with Moebius syndrome who developed benign intracranial hypertension is presented. The patient has the following features of Moebius syndrome: bilateral facial palsy, esotropia with severely limited abduction, paresis and hypoplasia of the tongue, bilateral clubbed feet, and thoracic lumbar scoliosis. At age 15, he presented to the hospital with headaches and bilateral papilledema and was diagnosed as having benign intracranial hypertension. The headaches and papilledema resolved on oral steroids. The 2 conditions are discussed with emphasis on their etiologies and pathogenetic mechanisms. An attempt is made to relate the 2 conditions through a common mechanism. Both syndromes may have a disorder of CSF dynamics which leads to an overaccumulation of CSF in the tissues of the central nervous system.
Reeducation in peripheral facial paralysis; When dealing with a case of peripheral facial paralysis kinestherapy implies: good anatomophysiological knowledge about the facial nerve, its vascularisation, the innervated muscles, mimetics, and from the testing manual, practical knowledge of massage amd reeducation to arrive at a delicate reharmonisation. Kinesitherapy proves indispensable for a rapid recovery and complete absence of sequels. Its precise role in the result is, however, difficult to evaluate due to the fact that it is classified in a therapeutic scheme that may be medical or surgical.
Intratympanic injection of steroid for treatment of idiopathic facial paralysis; Intratympanic injection of steroid was performed in patients with idiopathic facial paralysis during a period from 1973 to 1979, and the results of this treatment were analyzed and compared with those of conventional treatment. As the standard determination of the degree of facial recovery, the pointscoring system proposed by May (1970) was adopted in this study. In patients with incomplete paralysis treated within 2 weeks after onset, 92.6% attained full recovery by this therapy and 96.4% by conservative treatment. But in patients with complete paralysis, 69.2% showed full recovery, and 38.2% by conservative treatment. It should be noted that the appearance of incipient remission signs and average length of treatment were considerably shortened by this treatment in patients with complete paralysis. In cases of long standing Bell's palsy and Ramsay-Hunt syndrome, no satisfactory results were obtained. In conclusion, intratympanic steroid therapy initiated within two weeks after onset is worth-while and rational for treatment of Bell's palsy.
Mastoid chloroma as relapse in acute myeloid leukaemia; Leukaemic infiltration of the petrous temporal bone is uncommon but with improved remission rates longer survival in leukemia isolated sites of relapse can be expected more frequently. Mastoid chloroma requires treatment with chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Wide-field mastoidectomy and facial nerve decompression are contraindicated.
Facial nerve paralysis secondary to mandibular fracture; When facial nerve paralysis complicates a mandibular fracture, it may be difficult to locate the point of injury, since the nerve may be injured in the fallopian canal by a secondary temporal bone fracture or in soft tissue by mandibular fragments. Following a review of eight previously reported cases, this paper presents two additional cases, one with bilateral, complete paralyses and the other with a unilateral paresis. In the first, the condyles were driven posteriorly, resulting in bilateral temporal bone fractures, a unilateral external canal stenosis, and a unilateral sensorineural hearing impairment. Good functional return followed decompression of the intratemporal facial nerves. In the second patient, facial function returned spontaneously. When the temporal bone is fractured, therapy follows guidelines for facial paralysis associated with basilar skull fractures from other causes. If soft tissue injury is suspected, the decision must be made whether to explore the nerve or wait for spontaneous recovery.
Congenital cholesteatoma of the temporal bone. (A report on 5 cases); The authors report 5 cases (3 male and 2 female) of congenital cholesteatoma of the temporal bone where the diagnosis was made earlier in each successive case. The first diagnosis was made on the basis of a total paralysis of the facial nerve, the last was made on the basis of a transitory paralysis of the facial nerve associated in the majority of cases with deafness or reduced hearing. Early removal preserves function of the VIIth and VIIIth nerve and is the justification for a systematic X-ray in the Stenver's incidences to be carried out in any facial weakness, even if it is transitory. The surgical approach of choice is the middle fossa approach. There is no drainage necessary because these cholesteatomas are not infected.
Cerebellar ataxia and papilloedema in chronic relapsing Guillain-Barre syndrome (A case report and review of the evidence for possible central nervous system involvement); A young woman presented with flaccid quadraparesis, a right infranuclear facial palsy and limb areflexia following a two-day history of severe streptococcal pharyngitis. She was found to have cerebellar ataxia in the upper limbs with normal deep sensation. Bilateral papilloedema developed a year later during her third relapse. Treatment with high dose of prednisolone on an alternate day regimen basis induced a long lasting remission including improvement of her cerebellar deficit. The mechanism of cerebellar involvement and the pathogenesis of her papilloedema were uncertain. This is in keeping with the views previously expressed by earlier authors.
The stapedius reflex in idiopathic facial palsy; Various aspects of the stapedial reflex responses and facial palsy were investigated. In the first study the initial reflex responses following facial palsy in 120 patients were compared with the outcome. In 42 patients with a present stapedial reflex, the full recovery rate was 92 per cent as compared to 78 patients with an absent stapedial reflex and a full recovery rate of 73 per cent. Twenty-five patients with facial palsy and absent stapedial reflex were followed up. In 21 patients (84 per cent) the return of a positive stapedial reflex was the first sign of recovery, and it preceded any other evidence of recovery by 6 weeks. The third study showed that the stapedial reflex does not participate in the synkinetic movement of post-paralytic patients.
Malignant external otitis due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa in childhood; Malignant external otitis (MEO) is a severe variant of external otitis. As originally described by Chandler in 1968, MEO is an infection of the external ear canal, usually due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa, which is associated with systemic invasion, significant neurologic sequelae, and a high mortality rate. The vast majority of cases have occurred in elderly adults with diabetes mellitus. We present a case of MEO occurring in a 6 yr old child, and have compared the findings in our case with those in the adult literature.
Facial nerve palsy following therapeutic embolization; Ischemic neuropathy is a previously described but rarely encountered complication of therapeutic embolization. Two cases of peripheral facial nerve palsy following embolization of branches of the external carotid artery are reported, and the possible mechanism is discussed.
A case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome with encephalitis; A case of a seventy year old female patient with the left side Ramsay Hunt syndrome and encephalitis has been reported. Neurological impairments of the left acoustic nerve, peripheral facial palsy on the same side and slightly disturbed consciousness were observed. By cerebrospinal fluid examinations prominently increased cells and elevation of protein level were found. The highest titer against herpes zoster virus was x 1024 in serum and x 32 in liquor. Moreover, the titer against herpes simplex virus was elevated to a maximum of x 128 in serum and x 8 in liquor. CT scan revealed low density area chiefly in the frontal lobe and expanding to posterior portion of temporal lobe in the white matter of the affected side. This change was thought to be not the direct infiltration by the infection but an edematous change due to meningitis. About three months later CT scan was done but the low density area had disappeared and there were no enlargement of ventricles or sulci. According to the administration of corticosteroid hormone the clinical pictures of encephalitis improved and the patients discharged without signs of dementia. (Journal received: 21 May, 1982.)
Surgical treatment of leprous facial paralysis in Iran; Leprous facial paralysis appears more frequently in Iran than in other countries. The damaged branch is more often the upper one inducing lagophthalmos and is sometimes associated with a trigeminal anesthesia. The ocular risk is great. When the lower branch is afflicted, it gives an anesthetic deformity and speaking difficulty. As a consequence, surgical treatment is necessary and directed; against lagophthalmos, with static or dynamic methods, against the ptosis of commissura labiorum with several techniques available.
Recent advances in reconstructive microsurgery; Microsurgical techiques, which have already been exploited in other disciplines for a long time, have recently been greatly extended to include the field of reconstructive and plastic surgery, thanks to the progress made in the surgery of small vessels and peripheral nerves. This had led to the appearance of new therapeutic procedures, first in emergency for traumatological surgery: digital replantations (whose indications are now well codified), soon followed by replantations of other segments of the body, accidentally amputated, and providing a sufficient vascular pedicle. But, in addition to emergencies, repair surgery has also undergone a revolution with microsurgical transfers of microrevascularized and, if necessary, microreinnervated tissues. An example of this is our experience of over 110 free transfers since 1974. The free skin flap is one of the major acquisitions. Donor sites are many and various (groin flaps, delto-pectoral flaps, dorsalis pedis flaps, axillary flaps), but two sites offer the original peculiarity of using surplus tissue removed in esthetic surgery, the lateral mammary flap and the inferior gluteal flap. Sensory free skin flaps, which are both revascularised and reinnervated can be used to restore either protective sensibility in a lower member (dorsalis pedis, delto-pectoral, axillary and lateral mammary flaps) or finer and discriminatory sensibility in the hand (first web flaps from the foot, toe pulp flaps). Numerous other revascularized tissue transfers may be used in a wide range of repairs which could not be achieved with traditional techniques: scalp transfers to the hairy areas of the face; fat tissue transfers for hemi-facial atophy; reinnervated muscle transfers for facial palsy; bone transfers for major bone defects; greater omentum transfers to the cranial vault or on the leg; intestinal transfers for the repair of the oesophagus. But microsurgical transfers can also be used to mobilise several tissue structures 'en bloc' with a single vascular pedicle. This procedure includes composite tissue transfers. Musculo-cutaneous transfers may or may not be carried out with reinnervation of the muscle, with maximum use of sensori-motor transfers with skin and muscle reinnervation (neuro-vascular myo-cutaneous dorsalis pedis flap). Osteo-cutaneous tranfers offer an opportunity for daring repairs in lower members (osteo cutaneous iliac flaps with deep circumflex iliac vascular pedicle). Finally, second toe transfers can be used for repair of the thumb or a long finger for some severe mutilations of the hand. All these new methods clearly illustrate the wealth and variety of the possibilities open to reconstructive microsurgery, which has already been promoted from the level of a mere technique (micro-neuro-vascular repair) to become a veritable specialty in its own right (free tissue transfer surgery).
Maximal nerve excitability testing versus neuromyography: Prognostic value in patients with facial paralysis; Neuromyography (NMG) is compared with maximal nerve excitability testing (NET) as a prognostic tool in facial paralysis. Normal latencies, summation muscle action potentials, and test/retest reliability were determined in three groups of subjects. NMG was performed in 33 control subjects of Group 1 to determine test/retest reliability. To determine the range of normal facial nerve conduction latency and amplitude and configuration of the summation muscle action potentials, NMG was performed in 172 otolaryngologic control patients without facial paralysis. NMG and NET were then compared in Group 3, which consisted of 43 patients with Bell's palsy. Fluctuations in NMG were then analyzed in a fourth test series of three subjects from Group 1, in whom summation muscle action potentials at various positions of the electrodes were compared. The high rate of fluctuations observed indicates the need for further assessment of test/retest reliability and standardization of normal values in NMG. Our results indicate that maximal NET is more reliable than NMG for prognosis of facial paralysis.
Hearing impairment and facial palsy as initial signs of Wegener's granulomatosis; In two patients with Wegener's granulomatosis, treatment-resistant serous otitis media was followed by unilateral facial nerve palsy. Later both patients developed uraemia due to extracapillary glomerulonephritis. In one of them, who was treated with prednisone and cyclophosphamide, renal function improved, while in the other patient it remained impaired. Both patients suffered lasting hearing impairment in spite of general improvement during the course of the disease. The facial nerve palsy improved slightly in one, while no improvement was seen in the other. The pssibility of Wegener's granulomatosis or other autoimmune collagen diseases should be considered in cases of treatment-resistant serous otitis media. Early diagnosis and treatment can possibly save the patient from the life-threatening consequences of these diseases.
Diagnosis and treatment of Bell's palsy; The principles worked out in connection with Bell's palsy in the Otorhinolaryngological Department of the University Medical School, Szeged, are summarized by the author. Partly on the basis of the data of the literature, partly on his own experiences, a schema, facilitating the prediction of the prognosis, has been worked out. As it may be concluded from the electro-diagnostical examinations, the course of the disease is decided within the first two weeks. Therefore the patients must be admitted as soon as possible to an institute where the adequate diagnostical methods for the expectable course of the palsy are available and also where the conditions for a surgical intervention are possible. The treatment must always be adjusted to the pathophysiological processes. These latter may be followed by the above-mentioned methods.
A dynamic reconstruction of a facial defect with a pectoralis major myocutaneous flap; The authors present a patient in whom a pectoralis major neurovascular pedicled myocutaneous flap was successfully transferred to fill a soft tissue defect of the cheek and combined with a selective neuro-anastomosis to provide dynamic muscle action.
Cross-facial nerve anastomosis in the treatment of facial paralysis: A preliminary report on 10 cases; This preliminary communication describes our early experiences with one-stage cross-facial nerve anastomosis in the treatment of complete and recent facial paralysis. We submit that this technique can offer the patient a better result than that obtained by the other methods in current use. Since this paper was submitted for publication, four more cases have been treated and these will be reviewed in due course along with those described in this article. This should allow one to critically review the long term effects of this surgical technique.
Cross-facial nerve grafts and microneurovascular free muscle transfer for long established facial palsy; Cross-facial nerve grafts followed in 4 to 12 months by microneurovascular free gracilis transplantation can produce adequate reconstruction in the lower two-thirds of a paralysed face. The mixed sensory and motor deep peroneal nerve and the small muscle bulk of the extensor digitorum brevis limit its usefulness in facial palsy. The gracilis has proved to be a much superior muscle. A feasible method for total reanimation of unilateral facial palsy is presented.
Facial nerve block in the treatment of hemifacial spasm; 45 patients with hemifacial spasm were analyzed retrospectively. The age in which the initial spasm was ranged from 18 yr to 77 yr, with a median age of 47 yr. Younger children (under 20 yr), and older persons (over 70 yr) were rarely sick. Women are more frequently afflicted than men, in a ratio of about 5 to 1. 40 patients were treated by facial nerve block at the stylomastoid foramen. Facial nerve blocks were done 72 times; 42 times (58%) were needle insertion only. 15 times (21%) were needle insertion with a small amount of pure alcohol, and the remainder (21%) were unsuccessful blocks. Duration of the nerve block effect was generally less than one year. The spasm recurred usually within 6 months in those patients treated by needle insertion only. However, with pure alcohol, it was longer. Unfortunately, the use of alcohol always resulted in a longer duration of facial palsy after nerve block. It was revealed by the enquete that almost all the patients did not consider the facial nerve block as a 'godsend'. The most popular reasons for this were severe pain during nerve block procedure, facial palsy after nerve block, and the inevitable recurrence of the spasm within a year.
The effect of the stellate ganglion block on Bell's palsy; Thirty seven cases Bell's palsy were treated with the stellate ganglion block (SGB). All cases were retrospectively analyzed by sex, age and seasonal rate of occurence plus the effect of SGB on the disease. The following results were obtained. It was in winter that Bell's palsy occurred with the highest frequency followed by spring. Bell's palsy occurred more frequently in males than in females and this was most noticeable in those in their fifties. The cases in which the disease occurred in winter proved worse than those in spring. Within 10 days after the onset, those cases treated with SGB had a good prognosis. However, when this treatment was started later, the prognosis was bad. One case after 25 years had passed, showed a little improvement with the SGB. From these results it is suggested, first, that cold stimulation likely causes Bell's palsy and inhibits recovery from the disease. Second, it is thought that Bell's palsy improved remarkably with SGB when started early after the onset because the increase of the blood flow before the manifestation of irreversible degeneration of the facial nerve is essential. It is concluded that SGB must be started as early as possible after the onset.
Congenital malformations of the ear. Analysis of 94 operations; The 94 operations analyzed were performed on 80 ears in 73 patients with congenital malformation of the ear. Operative findings included 13 patients with a congenital absence of the oval window, 5 patients with vascular anomaly of the middle ear, and 16 patients with congenital cholesteatoma. Six of 13 patients with congenital absence of the oval window had a labyrinthotomy performed to create a new opening into the vestibule. The method of surgical repair in atresia was a canalplasty with fascia graft overlay for the substitute tympanic membrane. A Silastic button was placed over the substitute tympanic membrane to lessen blunting and to anchor the center-hole skin graft in place. A modified face lift procedure was done if necessary to align the external ear with the new ear canal. At present no ear canals are stenosed and no ears are actively discharging. One patient sustained a temporary facial paralysis. The hearing results are discussed.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome. A case report and a review of the literature; A case of Ramsay Hunt syndrome, though more often seen at the ENT clinic because of the patients' concern with symptoms in the ear, was seen and treated at the Dermatologic Clinic of Chosun University. A 29 year old male patient presented earache, pinhead to rice sized erythematous vesicular eruption on the external auditory canal, auricle and superior auricular area, and facial paralysis, all involving the right side of the face, duration of which were 7 days, 5 days and 1 day respectively. High doses of prednisolone alone made it possible to remit the otalgia, control the vesicular eruption and resolve the facial paralysis almost completely within 18 days in the order of their appearance, indicating that this is one of the more easily treated diseases for dermatologists. The 22 cases of this syndrome reported in Korean literature were reviewed and the conceptual development of its pathogenesis and definition was described.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Two new cases of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome, one associated with hypothyroidism, are described. Due to the paucity of published cases, especially in Canada, emphasis is placed on the importance of a sound investigation, as soon as one of the related symptoms is noticed. Special consideration should be given to emotional status of these patients.
Bezold's abscess with extension to the suprascapular space; Since the advent of antibiotics, instances of untreated chronic otitis media have decreased considerably. The Bezold abscess seen occasionally with cases of acute otitis media has also become almost extinct. Its occurrence in association with chronic otitis media has always been even less frequent. This paper presents a case of Bezold's abscess associated with chronic otitis media, with the unusual clinical finding of extension to the suprascapular space.
Alteration of blink reflexes in hemispheral lesions; Orbicularis oculi responses evoked by supraorbital and facial nerve stimulation were studied in 24 patients with unilateral hemispheral lesions. The direct facial motor response was only altered on the involved side and only in cases of central facial palsy. This influence was more expressed on the involved side. On the basis of changes in latency, duration, amplitude values and in habituation of late responses the effect of hemispheral lesions must be taken for depressing type either on R1 or R2 responses. These data suggest an exteroceptive character of both responses.
Skoog rhytidectomy: A five-year experience with 577 patients; A review of 577 patients in whom Skoog rhytidectomies were performed is presented. Complications are reviewed. The advantages, the authors' experiences with the limitations, and their approach to correction of changes of the face and neck caused by aging are discussed.
Review of ten cases of transfacial grafts. Technique, indications, first results; The authors present their experience with tranfacial anastomoses on the basis of 10 interventions. The operative technique and its indications are explained and discussed. Analysis of the clinical results and first results obtained lead the authors to conclude that the transfacial graft is perhaps the best technique available to date with which the plastic surgeon can observations unilateral facial palsy.
Analysis and results of twenty cases of transfacial anastomosis; A study of the 20 cases shows results which are, on the whole, disappointing, although we always obtained active movement of the eyelids. There can be no doubt that ancillary simple procedures (section of the mentalis, frontal myomectomy, tension of the musculo-aponeurotic system and skin elements, or reconstructive surgery of the eyelid) make a major contribution to the symmetry of the face and the protection of the cornea. In the light of these results, we have abandoned transfacial anastomoses in favour of hypoglossal facial nerve anastomosis associated with simple procedures to improve symmetry. Comparative analysis of the results of the two techniques will show which procedure provides the better rehabilitation.
Acoustic neurinoma with massive hemorrhage within the tumor tissue. A case report; In some kinds of benign intracranial tumors, as meningioma, choroid plexus papilloma, pituitary adenoma or hemangioma, it has been reported that subarachnoid hemorrhage or massive hemorrhage within the tumor tissue occurred in some cases. However, literatures on massive hemorrhage from acoustic neurinoma seemed to be rare. Recently we have experienced a case of acoustic neurinoma with massive hemorrhage within the tumor tissue. The patient was a 71-yr-old woman who had suffered from left hearing disturbance for several years and gradually progressive mental deficits and was hospitalized on November 14, 1978. She was diagnosed as having left acoustic neurinoma based on the findings of several examinations. In the period of preparation for the operation, she suddenly developed left facial palsy and left taste disturbance. She complained of mild headache, but consciousness was not disturbed. Non-contrast CT scan revealed an irregular high density region in the left cerebellopontine angle and a high density region by contrast enhancement, which was larger than that on the previous examination. At the surgical operation, 5 ml, liquefied hematoma and about 20 gm coagulated blood were observed in the rostral and medial portion of the tumor. Histological examination verified acoustic neurinoma of Antoni A type containing massive clot as well as hemosiderin-laden cells. The patient expired 8 days after the operation without restoration of consciousness. It was emphasized in the present report that one must take into consideration that a massive hemorrhage from the tumor itself is occasionally one of the causes of aggressive deterioration of clinical symptoms in patients with acoustic neurinoma.
Tuberculous otitis media: A series of 22 patients; A series of 22 cases of tuberculous otitis media is reviewed to assess the diagnostic features of the disease. Significant clinical features are the presence of abundant pale granulations, an unexpectedly severe hearing loss, facial paralysis, the presence of normal mastoid cellular development and a past or family history of tuberculosis of any site. The otoscopic appearances of the tympanic membrane, and the symptom of painless otorrhea are not considered suspicious features. Histological examination of operative material was the diagnostic procedure in 20/22 cases, thus underlining the difficulty of diagnosis in a non-tuberculous general population. Treatment with antituberculous chemotherapy and surgery gives good results and recent indications are that tympanoplastic surgery may be useful.
Unilateral Moebius syndrome associated with Poland abnormality in a 25 year old woman; The authors present a case of unilateral Moebius syndrome associated with Poland abnormality in a 25-year woman. The patient had a complete left peripheral facial paralysis. In addition, there was microdactyly, syndactyly of the left hand, absence of the pectoralis major, of the mammary gland and nipple adding up to a Poland syndrome. Surgery was envisaged with the aim of performing a hypoglossofacial anastomosis. Operation revealed muscles of normal appearance with a somewhat thin digastric and total absence of the facial nerve both at the point of its emergence through the stylomastoid foramen as well as in the parotid.
Granulomatous gingival manifestations of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; Of thirty patients with complete or incomplete forms of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome (MRS), five patients with gingival lesions that microscopically showed the characteristic granulomatous changes are presented, with special reference to their gingival manifestations. In some cases bluish red, small, distinct, and irregular edematous swellings characterized the gingival changes, while in other cases more extensive and diffuse, edematous swellings dominated. All five patients had only vague symptoms from the gingiva. Because of the apparent slowly progressing nature of the gingival swellings and occasional spontaneous regression of the gingival changes, a conservative attitude in the treatment of gingival lesions in MRS is recommended. Gingival symptoms may be the first manifestation of the disease, and it is emphasized that, with an increased diagnostic awareness, gingival involvement may be found more commonly in patients with MRS.
Neurotologic manifestations of the osteopetroses; Facial nerve paralysis or symptoms of audiovestibular nerve dysfunction may be the first indication of one of the group of bone diseases known as the osteopetroses. We describe three such patients. The pathophysiology of these diseases and the treatment of the resulting symptoms of facial and audiovestibular nerve dysfunction are discussed.
Orbicularis transposition: Concept of a functional correction of uni- or bilateral paralysis of the lower lip; A concept is described for the correction of the lower lip in cases of uni- or bilateral paralysis following injuries of the mandibular branch of the facial nerve, by transpositioning the affected orbicularis muscle to the innervated parts of the upper lip and the zygomatic muscle respectively. The surgical procedure is demonstrated in detail on the basis of several examples. Positive results are clinically and electromyographically evident. Therefore other techniques have been abandoned by us in favour of the transposition of the orbicualirs orbicularis which is simple in practice and ensures functionally and aesthetically successful results.
Facial nerve palsy: An unexpected complication following anesthesia by mask. A case report; An adult male patient suffered a partial palsy of the right mandibular branch of the facial nerve resulting from anesthesia under mask. A good airway is usually achieved by tight digital compression around the angle of the mandibulae. As in this case, if continuous bilateral digital pressure is applied on the angle of the jaw to provide a clear airway, the facial nerve is in danger of being pinched between the fingers and the ascending ramus of the mandibulae. To avoid this risk to the nerve, the angle of the mandibulae should be held correctly and the two areas, behind the ramus or above the inferior border of the mandibulae where the mandibular branch is distributed, should not be compressed.
Facial paralysis in children: A study of 99 cases; Ninety-nine cases of peripheral facial paralysis in children treated at Ste. Justine's Hospital over a 10 year period were reviewed. Sexes were nearly equally affected with a slightly higher incidence in female. Cases were distributed quite evenly throughout childhood except for a definitely higher incidence in the 0-2 year old group. Trauma, Bell's palsy, and otomastoid inflammation were found to be the most frequent causes of facial palsy in that group of cases. Cases of otomastoid inflammation did generally well on antibiotics and nearly 70 per cent so recovered completely. Twenty per cent only had to undergo simple mastoidectomy and two cases a decompression. Out of 25 cases of Bell's palsy, 18 recovered totally without surgery and four were decompressed with total or partial recovery. Following this study, the need for a more complete evaluation and somewhat more standardized treatment became obvious. This may permit in the future a more adequate knowledge of the problem and likely a better management.
Steroid therapy in Bell's palsy: Correlation between prognosis and varicella-Zoster virus (VZV) skin test; In treatment of Bell's palsy, 42 patients were treated with steroid hormone and 45 without steroid hormone. About 80% of the patients showed complete recovery; recovery rates were not comparable between groups. However, the palsy of patients undergoing steroid therapy returned to normal earlier than those without steroid therapy. The patients with positive VZV skin test showed better recovery than negative ones. It seems that VZV skin test becomes one of the parameters to show whether paralysis recovers well or not.
Indication for tarsorrhaphy in lagophthalmos; Tarsorrhaphy is at present rarely indicated in lagophthalmos surgery. Newly developed techniques give at least as much protection to the eye as tarsorrhaphy and are clearly preferable cosmetically. Tarsorrhaphy continues to be indicated in transient facial pareses.
Lyme carditis: Cardiac abnormalities of Lyme disease; We studied 20 patients, mostly young adult men, with cardiac involvement of Lyme disease. The commonest abnormality (18 patients) was fluctuating degrees of atrioventricular block; eight of them developed complete heart block. Thirteen patients had evidence of more diffuse cardiac involvement: electrocardiographic changes compatible with acute myopericarditis (11 patients), radionuclide evidence of mild left ventricular dysfunction (five of 12 patients tested), or frank cardiomegaly (one patient). Heart involvement was usually preceded by erythema chronicum migrans and sometimes accompanied by meningoencephalitis, facial palsy, arthritis, elevated serum IgM levels or cryoglobulins containing IgM. The duration of cardiac involvement was usually brief (3 days to 6 weeks). The clinical picture in these patients has similarities to acute rheumatic fever; but in Lyme disease, complete heart block may be commoner, myopericardial involvement tends to be milder, and valves seem not to be affected.
Otic topical agents; Ototopical preparations are available for the treatment of obstruction, dermatitis, pain, and infection of the ear canal and the mastoid and tympanic structures. Most preparations contain alcohol and some type of mild acid, both of which provide nonspecific antiseptic activity against fungi and bacteria. For bacterial infections the combination of neomycin and polymyxin offers of best therapeutic spectrum against common pathogens. Ototoxicity from topical use in man is a theoretic possibility but not a practical problem. Chloramphenicol (otic) is an alternative in infections caused by bacteroides, but not by the more common P aeruginosa. When otic preparations are too painful for application through a tympanic perforation, an ophthalmic preparation may be more acceptable.
Bilateral traumatic facial paralysis; Bilateral, post-traumatic, peripheral 7th cranial nerve palsies were observed in 3 patients, 2 of whom were studied carefully with tomography and audiological examination. All of the patients recovered their motor function spontaneously.
Diagnosis and treatment of neuroparalytic zoster keratitis; In severe zoster keratitis, many pathogenic factors are involved. In addition to viral manifestations, the cornea is often affected by anterior uveitis or secondary glaucoma. Neuroparalytic keratitis causes lowered blinking frequency and decreased tear secretion. In addition, zoster ulcerations of the uper lid margin mechanically disturb reformation of the tear film and weaken the lipid layer by necrosis of the Meibomian glands. Ointments reduce break-up time and parasympathicolytic mydriatics further decrease tear secretion. When the average time between two blinks is shorter than the tear film break-up time, a 'dry eye' condition usually develops. The appropriate treatment in such cases is thorough prevention of evaporation.
Brain stem encephalitis: Report of an autopsy; An autopsy case of a 25-yr-old female patient with gradually developing dyspnea and quadriplegia was presented. The patient had an operative treatment of otitis media at the age of 17 when she had a transient postoperative facial palsy. Since then, drowsiness tended to increase gradually. In and after the middle of May 1972, she began to complain of neck pruritus, numbness of a part distal to the bilateral upper extremities and general weakness. These symptoms became intensified gradually, with manifestations of headache, dysphagia and hypersalivation. Due to a fever (38-39°C), she was admitted to our hospital on July 1, 1972. On admission she had bilateral myosis, hyperreflexia of lower extremities and hyporeflexia of upper extremities. Babinski's signs, Chaddock's signs and Mayer's signs indicated abnormalities bilaterally. The general conditions deteriorated gradually following her hospitalization. She became comatous on July 8 and died on the night of July 10. The autopsy revealed bronchopneumonia, gastric ulcer and cystitis. There were mild cerebral swelling an both tonsillar and uncal herniation. Demyelination, gliosis, perivascular cuff, microthrombi and necroses in the lateral side of the medulla, in the basis of the 4th ventricle and around the cerebral aqueduct were found microscopically. Nerve cells were normal. According to available literature, there are two types of brain stem encephalitis; a type without strong changes in nerve cells and axons as in the present case and the other type with these changes like the case reported by Mukaiyama et al. We discussed about these and the etiology.
A case of penetrating cerebellar injury; Reports of cerebellar injuries are less often noted than those of cerebral injuries, because the cerebellum anatomically holds a specific position and many patients with cerebellar injuries die due to direct brain stem injuries or hemorrhage into the posterior fossa. However, if patients do recover from the acute stage in cerebellar injuries, their prognosis is extremely good. A 13-year-old boy fell into a grave and an iron bar pierced his neck. He was admitted to our department for evaluation of disturbance of consciousness. At that time he was delirious and he had right facial palsy, a skew deviation and curious spontaneous ocular movement, but no paresis of extremities. A plain skull roentgenogram showed a fracture of the occipital bone and the intracranial bony fragment. We suspected that the iron bar had penetrated into the posterior fossa, but no surgical treatment was done because CT scan showed only a small hematoma of the right cerebellar hemisphere and deep seated bony fragments. He recovered day by day with conservative therapy and he was discharged with right facial palsy, right auditory disturbance and loss of right gag reflex. These symptoms would be induced by direct injury of cranial nerves. After six months he complained of little interference with his daily life and some neurological deficits. Skew deviation found in cerebellar injuries was first reported by Gordon Holmes. Thereafter there have been many reports about this matter. The relationship between skew deviations and the brain stem or cerebellum has been reported by many authors. It is generally accepted that a skew deviation is associated with brain stem lesions but accurate etiology of skew deviation is unknown. We think that the skew deviation is more likely to be induced by complicated brain stem lesions than by one brain stem lesion.
Some views of the actual possibilities in the treatment of facial palsy; The treatment of the facial palsy never reestablished the symetry and harmony of a normal face. The best results are obtained in young patients during the two first years following the paralysis. The authors distinguish two main groups of facial palsies: with trophic and recuperable musculature, and with atrophic and irrecuperable musculature. They review and analyse the different surgical techniques to be applied primarily, and the secondary palliative corrections which are necessary in most of the cases. They have to be realized in agreement with the patient according to the need and desire.
Glomus jugularis looking like a polyp in the external auditory canal; A new report of a tumor of the glomus jugulare with the clinical appearance, through the ear canal, of a common polyp linked with an ipsilateral facial palsy, initiated 8 years before. The previous literature on the subject is partly reviewed commenting on clinical course, optical, ultrastructural, histochemical and embryological features, treatment and evolution of these tumors.
Evaluation of the paralyzed face; The face is a dynamic organ of expression and communication. It is the most important area for recognition and identification of an individual. Paralysis of the face disturbs these social factors deeply. An understanding of facial movement and anatomy is presented to allow for better cosmetic and functional analysis. Hence, medico-legal documentation and the selection of the appropriate techniques for surgical rehabilitation becomes a simpler task.
Extratemporal facial rehabilitation; Treatment of the paralyzed face has made significant advances over the past 30 years. Evaluation of the paralyzed face with the concepts of early and delayed extratemporal facial rehabilitation and a review of the multiple methods of re-animation are discussed. Dynamic reconstruction is preferred to static methods except under special circumstances. The many modalities of treatment include nerve grafting or crossover, regional muscle transposition or free muscle grafts, muscle interdigitation, and nerve implantation with the static methods of fascial stripping and rhytidectomy used in exceptional cases.
Risk of recurrence in usually nongenetic malformation syndromes; Empirical risk figures in a number of selected non-hereditary (mental retardation) malformation syndromes (e.g. de Lange syndrome, Klippel-Feil syndrome, Prader-Willi syndrome and Pierre Robin syndrome) are presented.
50 Submandibular gland resections; The authors review the etiological, technical, and therapeutical data obtained from a statistical study of a homogenous group of 50 patients after submandibular gland resections. The operation was conducted for calculi in the gland in 56% of the cases, infections in 24%, and for other causes in the few remainaing cases, including 4% with glandular tumors. From the technical point of view, the two cutaneous approaches with section of the vessels and simple enucleation were able to be employed in 76% and 24% of the cases, respectively the ease with which cleavage was obtained being the main factor whatever the eitiology. Wharton's duct must be systematically and completely removed when calculi are present. The indications for therapy can be summarized as follows: systematic operation on any suspicious tumor for which the etiology is not rapidly discovered; determining factors for operations are also infections, recurrences, and a posterior localization of the calculi; and postoperative complications are minor and consist mainly of paresis of the VIIth cranial nerve, which always regressed in this series.
Electrotherapy of peripheral nerve lesions; Electrotherapy plays a role of prime importance in an organic or physiological, global or partial denervation, and also in the course of the reinnervation. It should not be applied empirically, but the form and the nature of the currents should be judiciously selected in accordance with an electric schedule. An error in the choice of the current to be used may cause a failure of treatment, or - which is far worse - an accentuation of the denervation.
Contribution to the implantation of permanent magnets in pareses of the facial nerve; The author reports on the most important aspects of the possibility of an operative treatment of pareses of the facial nerve by implantation of permanent magnets. He explains several problems of the indication, the choice of the different sizes of magnets, the empirical testing of the effect of the magnet in order to achieve a dynamic function of the eyelid, the operation technique and the postoperative possibilities of a correction.
Bell's palsy - a new concept of treatment; A report is given in preliminary results of an infusion therapy which, in contrast to presently used conservative forms of treatment, is based on both an antiphlogistic and a rheological effect of high doses of cortisone in combination with dextrane plus pentoxifylline. In more than 50% of the patients, clinical and electromyographical improvement of nerve function is observed already during infusion. Compared to other conservative therapeutic procedures, the frequency of resulting complete recoveries is 7-10% higher according to clinical criteria and 10-18% higher as judged by neurophysiological parameters. Compared to the spontaneous outcome, complete recovery ranges 20% higher in our series. Facial nerve decompression seems therefore no longer justified, as little as therapeutic nihilism.
Facial paralysis: 100 years of treatment; In the treatment of patients with unilateral facial paralysis, symmetry of movements is generally the highest aim. Re-innervation of the paralyzed muscles should first be considered. Electromyographically demonstrable denervation potentials indicate that the muscles are still viable. Re-innervation can be obtained by restoring the continuity of the facial nerve, e.g. by end-to-end anastomosis or by insertion of a free nerve graft. In cases where the proximal stump of an interrupted facial nerve is not accessible, free nerve grafts can be used to bring nerve impulses from branches of the normal, contralateral facial nerve across the midline of the face to nerve branches on the paralyzed side. In cases where the facial muscles have degenerated or are congenitally absent, a muscular 'motor' should be brought to the paralyzed side. This can be done with free muscle grafts or with transposed local muscles, usually the muscles of mastication. In order to give these muscles spontaneous dynamic action, cross-face grafts can again be used to innervate them. When patients do not choose or need to undergo these rather extensive operations, or when they are in poor general health, we resort to methods of static correction. Many of these can comfortably be performed under local anaesthesia. Because of the absence of movement and other drawbacks, these methods should, in our opinion, generally be considered last.
Treatment of facial paralysis: surgical techniques; As the otologist is going to face more and more frequently the problems of facial palsy, he should get used to the techniques that he might need. We describe the techniques that we use, and the treatment of the lesion itself, with its precise indications.
Bell's palsy, a discussion of treatment; Treatment of Bell's palsy by intensive galvanic stimulation and by decompression in the second or third week after onset, has not been proved to lead to better recovery. Whether earlier surgical intervention would produced better results remains to be seen and depends on the possibility of making a fool-proof and very early prognosis, which in our opinion is not yet possible. Prednisone is now as popular as electrotherapy was a generation ago, but on equally slender grounds.
Total facial nerve exploration. Transmastoid, extralabyrinthine, and subtemporal indications and results; Increasingly, surgeons are using a middle fossa approach through a craniotomy to reach the labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve and geniculate ganglion in patients with intact hearing. This paper describes a transmastoid operation that provided exposure of the labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve without performance of a craniotomy. In this procedure the geniculate ganglion and labyrinthine segments of the facial nerve were exposed, while cochleovestibular function was spared; recovery of the facial nerve in patients with Bell's palsy or herpes zoster oticus (even those patients with a dry eye) was favorably influenced.
Primary epidermoid carcinoma of the parotid (case report); A report is presented of Primary Epidermoid Carcinoma of the parotid gland in an 81 year old man. The tumor is firm, 6 x 4 x 3 cm, fixed to the underlying structures, not sensitive, and appeared 3 months before and is causing a total facial nerve paralysis. There are no palpable lymph nodes. Apart from a cyst of the Kidney, the complete physical and biological examination is normal. A radical parotidectomy is done, followed by a 6.000 R Cobalttherapy. Treatment was later on completed by a corner of mouth suspension. After 10 months the patient is well. Primary epidermoid carcinoma of the parotid gland is rare: between 0,1% and 1,5% of all parotid tumors. Mucoepidermoid carcinoma or metastatic squamous carcinoma must be ruled out.
Facial nerve palsy in syphilitic meningitis. Treatment of syphilitic meningitis; The authors are presenting a case of meningitis with facial nerve palsy due to early syphilis. The frequency, symptomatology and treatment of this meningeal invasion during the septicaemic phase of secundary syphilis are discussed.
Intracranial rhabdomyosarcoma producing bulbar palsy; Two cases of intracranial rhabdomyosarcoma invading the meninges at the base of the skull, causing progressive bulbar palsy and rapid demise, are presented. Discussed are the clinical aspects of this uncommon tumour of interest to the neurosurgeon.
Lip transposition in patients with facial paralysis; Since facial reanimation is not always possible in patients with facial paralysis, one must have alternate methods of reconstruction available. Satisfactory static reconstruction of the face may be accomplished with the use of a brow lift, tarsorrhaphy, and correction of the paralyzed mouth. Transposition of the corner of the mouth utilizing the Z-plasty technique has proven to be an effective method to correct the drooling and garbled speech associated with facial paralysis. When combined with a brow lift and tarsorrhaphy, symmetry of the facial appearance while at rest has also been obtained.
Oligosymptomatic Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; A patient with cheilitis granulomatosa and sialopenia is presented herein as a variant of the oligosymptomatic type of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Evidence is presented to support its possible neurotrophic origin.
Immediate facial rehabilitation in poor prognosis tumor patients; Effective rehabilitation of facial paralysis in the poor prognosis tumor patient is best accomplished by the judicious and individualized use of that combination of static or static and dynamic procedures which will correct the major deformities present immediately and with minimal morbidity. This approach may be taken at the time of tumor ablation or later when the effects of paralysis become distressingly evident. In the rare patient whose disease is controlled, additional dynamic rehabilitative efforts may be considered subsequently.
Mechanisms of synkinesis; When the facial nerve is injured, changes occur in muscle, proximal nerve, distal nerve, and the cell body in the nucleus. All of these changes contribute to the quality of regeneration and repair. This paper describes the usual processes of neuronal regeneration with the objective of a better understanding of why some injuries inevitably result in poor return of motion and synkinesis, while others recover completely. The possible mechanisms of synkinesis include: imperfect regeneration due to axonal misdirection, demyelination, microglial scarring in the facial nucleus, neuron depopulation, multiple axon sprouting, and misdirection of regenerating axons via vertical anastomotic filaments.
An unusual presentation of pseudotumor cerebri; A 25-yr-old grossly obese woman presented with decreased visual acuity. She had bilateral total (internal and external) ophthalmoplegia, a left-sided 7th cranial nerve palsy, and florid bilateral papilledema. The diagnosis of pseudotumor cerebri was made on the basis of high cerebrospinal fluid pressure and the absence of other abnormalities on systemic, neurologic, and neuroradiologic examination. The patient responded favorably to corticosteroid treatment; however, bilateral optic atrophy occurred with persistent loss of visual field and acuity.
Transmastoid decompression of the facial nerve in Bell's palsy; We describe the technique of decompression of the facial nerve from the geniculate ganglion to the stylomastoid foramen. The decompression was made on 51 patients with Bell's palsy, and the results of follow-up study were compared with those of 77 patients in whom the pyramidal and vertical segments were decompressed. The decompressions were indicated when a severe denervation of the nerve was confirmed by electrodiagnostic examinations. Incidences of notable residual palsy and of pronounced sequelae were always lower in the former group of patients regardless of the operational timing. In either group a more desirable result was obtained by the decompression within 30 days, but a favorable effect of the decompression was recognizable even when the surgery was performed between 31 and 90 days after the onset.
Notes on some complications in stapedial operations; A number of complications occurring during and after stapedial operations for otosclerosis are dealt with. More particularly, a patient with bilateral dehiscence of the facial nerve canal is studied, where following blood aspiration, paresis of the facial nerve situated just beneath the mucosa developed. The other patients discussed include: a second case with canal dehiscence, a case with acute otitis and n. facialis paresis, and a case with acute otitis and labyrinthitis in whom the sense of hearing failed to recover. It is strongly recommended to carry out the operative intervention under conditions of exceptional acepsis. Also, it is mandatory to perform a careful prophylactical examination of the upper airways before the operation.
Facial paralysis: Differential diagnosis and indications for surgical therapy; The management of patients with facial paralysis is based upon the experience of the author in managing over 700 patients with facial paralysis over a period of 15 years. As our understanding of viral immune disorders becomes clearer, the clinical recommendations may require reevaluation and change.
Restoration of selective facial nerve function by the nerve-muscle pedicle technique; The nerve-muscle pedicle technique for selective reinnervation of paralyzed facial muscles, when combined with a modified muscle-fascia sling and neurotization from the temporal muscle, has been applied in 26 patients to date. The success rate has been 88% for restoration of tonus and 77% for restoration of voluntary motion as well. This procedure offers several significant advantages over other accepted means of reinnervation in patients in whom the seventh nerve itself is not available as a source for restoration of function. It also may have value as a method for rapid restoration of tonus while other means of reinnervation take effect.
Free muscle grafting; The histochemical, histologic, electromyographic and electron microscopic findings in the experimental studies strongly suggest that whole muscle bellies transplanted two to three weeks after denervation will survive and become reinnervated.1-2. The importance of denervation before grafting has been proposed by other authors and more experimental work is needed to make the role of denervation clear. In clinical studies two modifications of the technique of transplantation to the eyelids have improved the results and will appear later in the series. The change of lining of the nasal tunnel from silicone sheet to vein graft eliminated infections of the nasal tunnel with concomitant necrosis of the tendons of he transplant. The transplant of two muscle bellies, one to the upper and one to the lower eyelid, proved to be unnecessary and the elimination of the muscle belly in the normal upper eyelid removed the risk of constriction of the normal rima. The results of the operations to improve eyelid function are satisfactory. In the unsuccessful procedures the failure more often was a result of tenodesis on both sides of the nasal tunnel than a poor take of the muscle graft. In the patients in whom transplant was made to the lips the static support of the mouth was as good as the conventional fascia lata transplant and, in addition, the muscle grafts gave some mobility to the paralyzed half of the lips even if the graft contractions at the paralyzed side, as a rule, were weaker than on the normal side. In the patients, in whom grafts were attached to partially paralyzed muscles the results depended upon whether the recipient muscle had a sufficient number of functioning motor units to support the reinnervation of the graft. It appears that at least 10 to 15 percent of the motor function of the paralyzed recipient muscle must remain to secure adequate reinnervation of the graft.
Nerve suture and grafting to restore the extratemporal facial nerve; A concept for dealing with extratemporal lesions of the facial nerve is based on cadaver studies performed by Meissl. In spite of plexiform arrangement and fiber exchange, areas and fascicle groups can be differentiated within the cross section of the facial nerve which contain a great percentage of the fibers supplying a certain muscle group. An attempt should be made to unite the corresponding parts by direct coaptation, or, if nerve defect exists, by nerve grafts.
Facial nerve grafting: A thirty year retrospective review; It is axiomatic that nerve grafting be considered as an integral part of every ablative or traumatic injury involving the extratemporal main trunk and branches of the facial nerve. The experience with 170 autogenous grafts has established the efficacy of the technique and has proved the high regenerative and adaptive capacities of the facial nerve system.
Microneurovascular free muscle transplantation for reanimation of facial paralysis; The transferred muscle undergoes some degenerative atrophy and its bulk is reduced during the period of reinnervation. In the patients, the acquired contraction of the transferred muscle was weaker than its original excursion. As the rabbit experiments of Terzis et al. have demonstrated, the orthotopical or heterotopical transfer of skeletal muscles diminished their powers of contraction. The acquired contraction therefore is less than that which existed originally. Use of the larger muscles, such as the gracilis and latissimus dorsi muscles (not always transferred in their entirety), obtains better results than that of such smaller muscles as the extensor digitorum brevis muscle. When the transplant is too bulky, the excess portion can later be excised. For reconstruction of the facial expression, better results were obtained with muscles innervated through the seventh nerve either ipsilaterally or contralaterally. In long-standing Bell's palsy, a combination method with cross-facial nerve grafting is now recommended.
Current surgical treatment of intratemporal facial palsy; A lesion of the facial nerve producing facial palsy most commonly occurs in its intratemporal course. Recent progress in microsurgery of the temporal bone has permitted a safe approach to the facial nerve from the internal auditory meatus to the stylomastoid foramen. Today nearly all intratemporal facial nerve lesions are accessible to surgical repair. The knowledge of this possibility is of utmost importance to plastic surgeons involved with the diagnosis and treatment of facial paralysis, because the restoration of continuity of the facial nerve is preferred to any type of substitution operation whenever possible. In order to frequency the most common causes of intratemporal facial palsy are idiopathic or Bell's palsy (39.7 percent), trauma (24.7 percent), tumors (12.5 percent), herpes zoster oticus (6.8 percent), and acute and chronic otitis media (5.5 percent). Electrodiagnosis should be used whenever the slightest doubt in the clinical evaluation of facial movements exists, in order to confirm or exclude total paralysis, and in every patient with complete paralysis in order to assess the underlying condition of the fibers of the motor nerve.
The evaluation and management of the eye in facial palsy; Orbicularis oculi palsy resulting from facial paralysis is often associated with ocular problems, the severity of which is usually related to the degree and duration of the paralysis. This discussion is directed at the evaluation of the patient with orbicularis oculi palsy with specific emphasis on recognition and management of the ocular abnormalities.
New aspects in facial nerve surgery; Practicing logical postoperative treatment requires knowledge about the processes involved in nerve regeneration, which are briefly dealt with. However, it is the opinion of the authors that greater attention should be given to the reaction of the denervated musculature. For effective electrotherapy, recent findings from animal experiments on changes at the membrane of the muscle fiber seem to be of paramount importance, at least from a theoretical point of view. Practical consequences result from these findings, but the physiological behavior of the mimetic muscles is different from that of the skeletal muscles, and the usefulness of electrotherapy on facial musculature is still controversial.
I. Hypoglossal facial anastomosis: Its significance for modern facial surgery. II. Combined approach in extratemporal facial nerve reconstruction; The difficulties encountered in extratemporal facial nerve reconstruction after extensive trauma or following resection of parotid tumors often lead to unsatisfactory functional and cosmetic results. So far it has been common practice to use as a 'regenerative nerve', the original facial nerve. Using this procedure, however, frequently only a portion of the peripheral branches can be reanastomosed. Above all, the 'autoparalytic syndrome' develops in this situation owing to undirected outgrowth of axons, and an aberration of the blinking-reflex motoneurons occurs. Experience has shown that the isolated use of a cross-face transplant is not suitable for satisfactory functional regeneration. Depending on the individual anatomic situation, a number of possibilities are therefore recommended for a combined approach using several 'regenerative nerves'. In this connection, the particular physiologic properties of these nerves have to be taken into account which can help to improve considerably the functional and cosmetic results.
Clinical experiences and results of treatment of facial paralysis by Thompson's method; Before Thompson's treatment of facial paralysis corrective surgery of these lesions had followed indirect and not direct methods. The re-acquisition of the contracting capacity of a denervated muscle, once put in contact with a normal muscle, has marked a decisive and effective turn in paralysis. The uniting of Thompson's method with nervous by-pass from the normal side to the paralyzed side by neuro-surgical method according to Anderl, is opening up continously growing possibilities of recovery for paralyzed facial muscles. Of course, this method is not possible without an adequate staff with micro-surgical experience. The authors present their patients' case histories treated with Thompson's method.
Neurologic abnormalities of Lyme disease; We studied 18 patients with erythema chronicum migrans (ECM), Lyme arthritis, or both who developed neurologic abnormalities. Six of the 14 patients (43%) with ECM remembered having been bitten by a tick at the site of the lesion 3 to 20 days before its onset. Neurologic abnormalities, which appeared either while ECM was still present or one to six weeks after it had faded, included aseptic meningitis, encephalitis, chorea, cerebellar ataxia, cranial neuritis (including bilateral facial palsy), motor and sensory radiculoneuritis, mononeuritis multiplex, and myelitis, in various combinations, but encephalitis and facial palsy each also occurred alone. The usual pattern was fluctuating meningoencephalitis (nine patients) with superimposed cranial and peripheral radiculoneuropathy. At the beginning of the illness, associated symptoms included migratory arthralgias, chills and fever, malaise and fatigue, backache, and myalgias; signs included low-grade fever, malar rash, and lymphadenopathy. Frank arthritis was usually a later finding, beginning 1 to 9 months after the onset of the illness. During attacks, 15 of the 18 patients (83%) had cryoglogulins present in serum, which consisted of quantitatively greater amounts of IgM than IgG, and decreased or disappeared during remission. These findings support the hypothesis that circulating immune complexes may play a pathogenetic role in Lyme disease. Ten patients recovered neurologically within 2 weeks to 8 months, but 8 others continued to have residual weakness or cerebral symptoms. Systemic corticosteroids appeared to suppress meningeal symptoms rapidly, but did not seem to affect established parenchymal lesions. Two additional patients, who could only be classified as having possible Lyme disease, are noteworthy because hemiparesis was part of their clinical picture. Erythema chronicum migrans is the diagnostic marker for the illness. Without it, a course of recurrent meningoencephalitis during at least a period of several months with superimposed cranial neuritis or radiculoneuritis, particularly if accompanied by cryoglobulins or followed by arthritis, is quite suggestive of Lyme disease. When the diagnosis cannot be made on clinical grounds alone, a history of preceding tick bite, onset in the summer months, or geographic clustering with those who have erythema chronicum migrans, Lyme arthritis, or both, may be important clues.
Peripheral facial nerve paralysis; The use of polytomography, electroneurography, and level diagnosis have radically changed the approach to peripheral facial paralysis, and have resulted in a more precise etiology and diagnosis, evolution of the functional state of the nerve at an early stage of the paralysis, more reliable prognosis, and more selective therapeutic indications. Progress in microsurgical techniques in neuro-otology has created the possibility to propose appropriate therapy for all parts of the facial nervous system.
Regional muscle transposition for rehabilitation of the paralyzed face; Masseter and temporalis muscle transpositions may be considered in cases of long-standing facial paralysis and in the congenital absence of the facial nerve or muscles. The basic advantage of this technique is the introduction of a large volume of living and dynamic muscle into the face. Additional advantages include simplicity, the support provided, enhancement of the possibility of myoneurotization, and no loss of other significant function. In many instances, facial movement improves for a period of approximately two years, and the long-range effect would suggest some degree of rehabilitation of the facial muscles. The combined experience with over 100 muscle transpositions indicates the efficacy and success of this technique in selected patients.
Facial rehabilitation: New potentials; There is some clinical evidence to support the theory that in the immediate rehabilitation of the paralyzed face some regionalization and separate movement of the eye, lips, and cheek may be produced. This is not accomplished by specific fascicular connections. It is postulated that a combination of intracranial and extracranial connections, which have not been identified to date, contribute to this phenomenon.
Cross-face nerve transplant; The two stage principle is one of the most important features of the procedure. It allows starting the operation at a very early stage (one to six months). The donor area in the periphery is very well supplied, therefore as many facial fascicles as necessary can be sacrificed on the healthy side. The authors have never noticed any functional disturbances. The nerves leading to the buccinator muscle and those which innervate the lateral pull of the mouth are especially suitable. This weakening of the strong pull of the mouth is of great value for symmetry but unfortunately relapse to the original state is common. The selection of the nerve fascicles on the healthy side must be executed in a deep layer below the muscles because all large branches are located here. The end of the sural grafts should be positioned far back on the paralyzed side to enable easy anastomoses at the second stage. A face lift incision on the paralyzed side and tightening of the skin are of additional value and provide some support to the elongated muscles. The combination of cross-face nerve transplant with other substitutional methods in which muscles are used for reinnervation is very promising. In the author's experience physiotherapy is a very important measure. It should be started after the onset of the palsy and continued until restoration of the face is complete. It is usually applied three times a week with exponential current and at a strength of 20 to 60 milliamperes. Each group of muscles receives a 2 to 3 minutes dosage. It is helpful if the patient can use a stimulation apparatus at home daily for short treatments.
Otoneurosurgery in diseases of the temporal bone pyramid and of the cerebellopontile angle; Surgical treatment was conducted in 25 patients with glomus tumours of the pyramid (5), cystic arachnoiditis of the cerebellopontile angle (5), neurinoma of the auditory nerve (4), paralysis of the facial nerve in fracture of the pyramid (4), choleastoma of the cereballopontile angle (1), gun shot wound of the pyramid (1), and purulent labyrinthitis (1). The pathological focus was approached transpyramidally (13), suprapyramidally (4), and by the combined method (4). In the choice of the method, approach localization and dissemination of the process, as well as the state of the auditory function and condition of the facial nerve were taken into consideration. No lethal outcome followed these operations.
Gunshot injury to the temporal bone: An analysis of thirty-five cases; By retrospective analysis of 35 surviving gunshot injuries to the temporal bone and by presentation of 6 representative cases, the management and reconstructive procedures of these injuries in the Tulane University affiliated hospitals are presented. The most frequent single injury was facial nerve paralysis (16 cases). followed by external canal injury and conductive hearing loss. Anacusis occurred in 12 cases. In conductive hearing loss the intact posterior wall tympanoplasty with mastoidectomy (16 cases), or the modified radical mastoidectomy (5 cases), allowed middle ear reconstruction. Transmastoid facial canal decompression, combined with the above procedures or with a middle fossa craniotomy, was performed in 6 cases. Delayed facial reconstruction (5 cases) utilized microneural anastomosis between facial-facial and hypoglossal-facial nerves and fascia lata slings. Intracranial complications of thrombosis of internal carotid artery, dural venous lacerations, temporal lobe aphasia, bitemporal hemianopsia, cerebral abscesses and meningitis are also discussed.
Steroid versus placebo treatments in cases of acute peripheral facial paralysis; 30 case of Bell's palsy were included in the study. During 13 days of drug treatment, in 10 cases low doses and gradually decreasing amount while in 10 cases alternate day high doses of steroid (dexamethasone) and in 10 cases placebo only were given. Severity of facial paralysis before treatment and degree of improvement in 7 th and 21 st days after treatment were measured in terms of muscular power of frontal, ocular and buccinator muscles. The aim of the study was to compare the results of steroid and placebo treatments in cases of Bell's palsy. This study demonstrated that there was no difference between steroid and placebo in the treatment of Bell's palsy. 25 out of 30 cases of acute facial paralysis exhibited improvement in 2-5 weeks regardless of the drug given. In 5 cases who showed slow recovery, there was hyperacusia, disturbance of taste and dryness of the mouth. Pregnancy and hypertension seemed contributory factors responsible for delayed recovery.
The treatment of Bell's palsy with electric acupuncture; During the period from March 1974 through August 1978 we treated 21 cases of Bell's palsy by electric acupuncture. Diagnosis was based on neurological examination. The method of treatment is described in detail. Acupuncture points used were located on the afflicted side. Good results were seen in 14 cases (66.67%), 5 cases showed considerable improvement (23.80%), and 2 cases were considered as failure (9.53%). Electric acupuncture is recommended as the method of first choice for the successful treatment of Bell's palsy.
First musculotendinous grafts, with motorizing function, in paralyzed areas; In 1973, the author performed, for the first time in Uruguay, a complete transplant of skeletal musculotendinous units, as autografts. Since that time 6 patients have been operated, which totals 8 muscular transplants implanted as grafts; their contractile functional capacity has remained intact. Thus it has been possible to motorize orbicular areas, palpebral and labial, paralyzed on the opposite side, once they are reinnervated by neurotization from the healthy muscular bed. In this paper the different cases are analyzed; pre and post-operatory clinical and electrodiagnostic evaluation is made; the technique used, described by Noel Thompson in 1971, is set down in detail, with suggestions which render it simpler and improve it by making possible the nervous suture of graft to nerves in the receiving bed.
Identical twins with papilloedema and cranial nerve palsies; Central nervous system involvement has not been reported previously as a manifestation of sarcoidosis in monozygotic twins. Twin sisters developed multiple cranial nerve palsies and papilloedema within a two month period. Clinical features and the course of their diseases were remarkably similar.
Prednisone treatment of Bell's palsy; A report is presented of personal experience with prednisone treatment of 76 patients with severe acute idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy). The indication for treatment is total or subtotal loss of the motor function, determined by clinical examination. The author advocates treatment of selected patients at an early stage, at the last 5 to 7 days after the diagnosis.
Chronic granulomatous disease. A case report; A case of chronic granulomatous disease is reported. A 1.8 year old boy had suffered from recurrent infections such as cervical lymphadenitis, eczematous dermatitis and perianal abscess in his newborn period. Later he developed left facial palsy, otitis media and intermittent fever. Otoscopic examination revealed a granulomatous mass in the left external auditory meatus, and x-ray showed a diffuse shadow in the left mastoid. Simple mastoidectomy was performed on May 26, 1978. Under intensive postoperative care, the patient has been free from fever and local infection.
Panel discussion: Bell's palsy; The clinical and electrophysiological criterias for medical or surgical treatment of Bell's palsy are: clinical severity (complete, not complete) estimated by muscular testing; psychosocial aspect of the patient; electrophysiological tests. Electroneuronography looks the most used test (<95% of degeneration during the two first weeks good prognosis, ≥ 95% bad prognosis in half the cases); - integrated electromyography can separate these last bad cases (> 20 μV good prognosis, and < 20 μV bad prognosis): 14th day after onset looks the important date for this test. Prednisone or A.C.T.H. therapy avoids 95% of degeneration and surgical treatment looks indicated when the number of the degenerated fibers reaches 90%. The approach is discussed with no consenus: the 2nd and 3rd portions are more often decompressed. Total decompression is advocated by Pulec when eye is dry; he also notes its interest for finding little tumors not diagnosed. (10% of cases of author's decompressions). U. Fisch begins decompression in the last portion and decompresses the nerve until he finds the point where it comes back excitable. The extent of decompression and the approach are determinated by localisation tests (Schirmer-Blatt).
Traumatic facial palsy; On the basis of 67 cases, criteria for surgical treatment of traumatic facial palsy are given. As regards the chronology, of the 37 immediate cases, 26 were operated; of the 30 secondary cases 12 received surgical treatment. The clinical examination must look for fracture in the external auditory meatus. With audiometry and vestibulometry middle ear deafness indicated the 2nd portion while total hearing loss allows a translabyrinth approach. Topographic tests (Blatt, Schirmer) give doubtful results as the petrous nerve or chorda alone can be injured. EMG and electroneurography should be carried out. Among the roentgenographic approaches Schuller, frontal and sagittal tomographic techniques are utilised, although sometimes this diagnosis is quite difficult in practice; if the topographic results remain uncertain a total decompression may be considered. The delay and quality of recovery depend on the type of nervous lesion involved (in 48 operated cases). In 6 nerve section cases recovery took 4 to 7 months. In 21 cases with commotion, 13 recovered for more than 50%. Recovery in contusion and compression cases shows a less favourable prognosis (20 cases observed). The post operative audiologic evaluation showed 2 partial labyrinthisations and 1 middle ear deafness (pocket retraction).
Sclerosteosis in South Africa; Sclerosteosis is a potentially lethal inherited disorder of skeletal overgrowth which has a minimum prevalence of 1 in 60,000 in the Afrikaner community of South Africa. Early presenting features are syndactyly and facial palsy, and the diagnosis should be considered in any infant of Afrikaner stock with these abnormalities. No medical treatment is available, but cosmetic surgery, cranial nerve decompression and prophylactic craniectomy may be of value.
Pseudo-paralysis of the mandibular branch of the facial nerve after platysmal face-lift operation; With the increasing popularity of platysmal face lifts, the anatomy of the cervical branch of the facial nerve should be noted. The postoperative appearance of lack of ability to retrude the corner of the mouth, in someone who had a 'full denture' smile preoperatively, could possibly be due to severance or stretching of the rami of the cervical branch of the facial nerve, rather than an injury of the facial nerve of the marginal mandibular branch.
Three cases of tuberculous otitis media; Three cases of tuberculous otitis media are reported. In two adult cases, vertigo, facial palsy and severe hearing impairment appeared three months after the onset. The latter two symptoms persisted in spite of the surgical and medical treatment. In a child case, an early diagnosis prevented the patient from any sequelae. Necrotic changes of the ear drum, external auditory canal or tympanic cavity were characteristic in all these cases. It seems important, in case of necrotic otitis media, to take tuberculosis into consideration.
Guillain-Barre syndrome in Singapore. The pattern of Guillain-Barre syndrome (acute polyradiculopathy) in Singapore. A critical analysis of 46 cases; 46 cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome or acute polyradiculopathy are analysed. The disease affected all age groups and both sexes equally. A relatively higher incidence among Malays and absence among Indians was observed. One third of patients had preceding upper respiratory tract infection. Relapse rate was at least 5% in the short period of follow-up. Most patients developed maximal signs and symptoms within two weeks but some ran a subacute course for two months. The distribution of muscle weakness was noted in detail. Almost all patients had weakness of the lower limb; one-third had facial palsy and one quarter had respiratory muscle weakness or bulbar paresis. Severe sensory loss was virtually absent. Areflexia was a cardinal sign. Presence of bilateral radicular pain as elicited by a positive Laseque's sign was found to be an important bedside diagnostic clue, being present in 95% of cases tested. Two district clinical variants were observed - the Miller-Fisher Syndrome and an ataxic (pseudo-tabetic) form that ran a protracted course. 60% had raised CSF protein. Nerve conduction studies were of diagnostic rather than prognostic value in doubtful cases. Mortality rate was below 3% although 5 patients required assisted ventilation. Follow-up revealed that full recovery was the rule within 6 months with or without steroids, and that with prolonged weakness or ataxia they continued to recover even as long as after two years.
Neuromyopathic ptosis. A new surgical approach; Neuromyopathic ptosis is a progressive disorder frequently associated with other ocular abnormalities. These include dry eyes, absent Bell's phenomenon, protractor weakness, and heterotropia. Thus, correction of this ptosis has not been well described and is avoided by many surgeons. Since ptosis usually occurs early in life, correction is of functional, economic, and cosmetic importance. Clinical and histologic findings suggest that degeneration and defects of the levator aponeurosis contribute to the ptosis. During the past two years, we have used the aponeurotic approach to correct neuromyopathic ptosis. We describe 19 eyelids with a minimum one-year follow-up. Most eyelids were purposely under-corrected. A mean lid elevation of 3.3 mm with good symmetric results was obtained. Procedures were performed under local anesthesia. Advantages of this technique are (1) patient cooperation for adjustment of lid height and contour at surgery; (2) preservation of other suspensory structures (Muller's muscle and Whitnall's ligament); (3) easy adjustment of lid height postoperatively; (4) preservation of all tear-producing structures; (5) avoidance of corneal irritation from posterior sutures; and (6) maintenance of anatomic planes, which simplifies reoperation, if necessary. We believe this conservative approach corrects most eyelids with neuromyopathic ptosis.
Advances in plastic and reconstructive surgery in E.N.T.; Current surgical methods and tendencies are reviewed from an oto-laryngological viewpoint. In lope ears the combined method has stood the test very well. Reconstruction in anotia is not always satisfactory; the combination with deformities of the external auditory canal, of the middle and the inner ear, as well as of the facial cranium must be taken into account. The replacement of parts of the pinna is a minor problem. Reference is made to the possibility of reimplantation of separated parts. Current operations for deformities of the nose are mentioned. The use of conserved cartilage is described. In frontal defects paladon has proved a very successful inlay. Partial defects can be closed by pedicled island flaps. Stenosis of the larynx is no longer treated by bolt inlays of long duration; the implantation of septal cartilage including its mucoperichondrium leads much quicker to a permanent and adequate lumen. Smaller tracheal stenoses can be treated by circumscribed local management. Larger stenoses need either extensive plastic operations with large flaps or transversal resection. After total laryngectomy a specially formed canal between the upper and of the trachea and the hypopharynx allows a new voice to be developed. The transplantation of denervated muscles in facial palsy, special operations in paralysis of deglutition and some general problems are mentioned briefly. A voluminous list of recent literature gives the opportunity of studying further details.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and related diseases; Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, progressive bulbar paralysis and spinal progressive muscular atrophy should be regarded as one nosological unit. They are the most frequent manifestation types of degenerative diseases of the pyramidal motor system leading to gradually progressive atrophic and/or spastic paralyses. The cause is not known; occasional familial occurrence suggests genetic determination. The diagnosis has to be made on clinical grounds. No treatment is known. The prognosis is unfavorable; a few special hereditary types run a relatively benign course.
Herpes zoster oticus. Uncommon but recognizable cause of facial paralysis; Herpes zoster oticus, an uncommon but recognizable cause of facial paralysis, can be identified from the characteristic auricular vesicles. Manifestations can include otic vesicles, facial paralysis, decreased hearing, dizziness, and severe ear and facial pain. Topographic and nerve excitability studies help determine extent of involvement and probable prognosis. Although therapy remains controversial, outcome in a few cases has suggested that systemic steroid therapy is beneficial.
Immediate improvement in facial paralysis after surgical decompression; 17 cases of severe facial paralysis were studied before and after microsurgical decompression, by quantitative electromyography (electromyogram integrated in volts) at the site of the zygomatic arch. In 76% of cases, no significant improvement was measured. Immediate improvement occurred infrequently (12%), was short-lived and did not have any influence on the final result.
Auricular tuberculosis with regressive facial palsy after surgical intervention; The authors have observed the complete regression of a facial palsy in a tuberculous otitis by precocious decompression of the nerve and anti-tuberculous medical treatment.
Hypoglossal-facial nerve anastomosis for reinnervation of the paralyzed face; The hypoglossal-facial nerve crossover is a valuable surgical procedure for the treatment of certain types of facial paralysis. It is most effective when used as an integral part of a primary ablative operation for the treatment of cancer in this region. In the treatment of long-standing facial paralysis, its application requires an intact peripheral facial nerve system and some functioning mimetic muscles with an obliterated proximal facial nerve segment. It is recognized that other procedures are available for repair in patients who meet essentially these same criteria. The disadvantages are minimal intraoral crippling, mass movements of the face and, in some instances, hypertonia of the face. The advantages are improved facial tone, protection of the eye, intentional facial movements controlled by the tongue, and movements associated with physiologial functions of the tongue.
Electrodiagnostic methods for determination of prognosis and therapeutic criteria in facial nerve paralysis; The function of the facial nerve can be examined by four electrodiagnostic methods. In the nerve excitability test and electroneurography with determination of the distal latency, the facial nerve is stimulated over the stylomastoid foramen. Chronaximetry and electromyography are performed in the muscles. Whereas chronaximetry renders an impression of the severity of neural lesion, electromyography can also determine the onset of reinnervation activity. Early prognosis within 6 days of onset can be determined only by nerve excitability test and electroneurography, preferred by us, which assesses the muscle potential. If the potential amplitude decreases more than 35% within two days and the muscle potential disappears between the fourth and sixth day, total degeneration of the nerve with poor prognosis is indicated. Such data can be gathered by at least two electrodiagnostic investigations preferably on the third day after onset and one to three days later. The cosmetic disfigurement through peripheral facial nerve palsy poses immediately the question of prognosis and of the therapeutic possibilities. Usually, this question can be answered by clinical examination alone. As soon as paralysis of facial muscles exists, prognostical statements can be made by electrodiagnostical methods alone. Because of the possibility of operative treatment, it is necessary to assess the unfavorable courses early.
A spectacle device to treat facial nerve paralysis; We describe a new method to prevent ocular complications in facial nerve palsy. A device mounted on a spectacle frame senses the blink of the normal eye and closes the lids of the paretic eye by levers which rest on the upper and lower lids. It provides a physiologic replacement of function and prevents corneal exposure.
Rare care of Ramsay Hunt syndrome associated with herpes zoster of the glossopharyngeal nerve; The authors describe a rare coexistence of Ramsay Hunt syndrome with glossopharyngeal zoster in a 67-year-old patient. A trial of systematization of the nomenclature of Ramsay Hunt syndrome is suggested, on the basis of certain anatomophysiological data. It is concluded that in zoster involvement of the sensory elements in the geniculate ganglion and in otic ganglion should be accompanied by taste sensitivity disturbances, but often the patients fail to notice these disturbances and routine taste testing shows also no such tase impairment. Routine use of electrogustometry is postulated since this makes possible diagnostic-prognostic assessment followed by selection of appropriate treatment.
On the repair of the injured facial nerve; Seven cases of traumatic peripheral facial palsy are presented. Three patients were treated with a technique of anastomosis between the two facial nerves as devised by the author.
Minimal decompression of facial nerve in its paralysis; A partial decompression of the facial nerve consists in fenestration of its tympanal part (area from projection of incus long process to pyramidal process) with epineural membrane dissection. The patients were operated on 45-70 days from the beginning of disease (after the failure of conservative therapy) in the presence of deep paralysis without amelioration. A parallelism between facial nerve and chorda tympani states was marked: in hyperemia and edema of the latter the analogous changes are seen in the facial nerve. In all patients who had undergone surgery the positive results were obtained. The authors consider that surgery should be performed early.
Surgical treatment of early facial palsies in cases of longitudinal fractures of the temporal bone; Longitudinal fractures of the temporal bone are complicated by facial palsies in 10-25%. According according to the results of Fisch the lesions of the facial nerve are situated at the labyrinthine segment of the nerve. The most frequent lesion is the impression of bone fragments in the Fallopian canal. Clinical controls of the progredience of the palsy and tomographies are necessary. The only successful therapy in cases of early facial palsies due to longitidunal temporal bone fractures is the total decompression of the facial nerve with the combinated transmastoid approach and middle fossa approach.
Review of long-term results in supportive treatment of facial paralysis; The author has reviewed approximately 150 patients who were treated with supportive measures for facial paralysis. He found that in the patient's view an adequate result requires establishment of a proper lip sphincter - either by restoring muscular tone, or by creating an anatomical framework to which can be added either a motor unit or stabilization to aid the opposite intact muscle. He also found lasting value from dampening contralateral spasticity, and from the use of such ancillary procedures as the face lift, the brow lift and the creation of a nasolabial fold. It is important for the physician to help the patient acquire a tranquil face during speech and emotion by persevering in mirror training and mimetic gymnastics.
Facial nerve palsy in acute leukaemia; During a three year period, of 62 children and adults seen with lymphoblastic leukaemia 6 developed unilateral facial paralysis during the course of their disease, compared to none of 54 adults and children with acute non-lymphatic leukaemia seen during the same period. In all cases the problem arose in patients with refractory disease and was associated with the development of resistant bone marrow infiltration. The neuropathy showed no obvious response to intrathecal therapy and whilst meningeal infiltration was present at some stage in all but one of the 6, this waxed and waned independently of the facial palsy. Four of the 6 cases described had stigmata of the T-cell variety of lymphoblastic leukaemia, which is a significantly higher proportion than would be expected by chance. This apparent association with T-cell disease has not been previously recognised.
Trigeminal neurotization of paralyzed facial musculature. Modification of the Lexer-Rosenthal surgical procedure; The authors introduce a modification of the Lexer-Rosenthal surgical technique for reinnervation of the facial muscles by trigeminal neurotization in patients with facial paralysis. Four patients with such paralysis were seen in the Cranial Nerve Research Clinic, Oakland, Calif. Three of the four patients had their paralysis surgically treated, and recovery of facial motion was compared with that in one patient, in whom spontaneous trigeminal neurotization occurred. Those patients whose facial paralysis was surgically treated had fair to excellent results, and the technique is considered superior to alternative hypoglossal or spinal accessory anastomosis.
Pathophysiological effects of Mobius syndrome on speech and hearing; The effects of Mobius syndrome (MoS) on the functioning of the peripheral speech and hearing mechanisms has not hithertofore been described, to the author's knowledge. Speech and hearing function of an 8-year-old MoS speaker was studied. Data were obtained from several sources. These included: electromyography of the facial muscles, physical examination of the peripheral speech mechanism, speech and language test batteries, audiological evaluation, and acoustic analyses of the speech signal. A pathologic condition was found to exist in a number of cranial nerves and in structures in the oral cavity. This resulted in consonant and vowel misarticulations, which notably affected speech intelligibility. Middle ear dysfunction was also present. Neurological mechanisms are discussed to account for these pathologies in human communication. Strategies for speech therapy and future research in MoS are presented.
Peripheral facial paralysis secondary to metastatic malignant melanoma. A clinicopathologic report; We report a case of disseminated malignant melanoma in which the initial sign was an isolated peripheral facial palsy on the left side. The cause of the palsy was established five months later, with the appearance of metastatic axillary nodes. The temporal bones demonstrated tumor infiltration within the marrow spaces of the petrous apices bilaterally. The left facial nerve was also extensively involved with melanoma to the level of the geniculate ganglion.
Bell's palsy: Beneficial effect of treatment with adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) in patients with a poor prognosis; In 111 patients with idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) the prognosis was established during the first days of the disease, using sialometry and the stapedius reflex test in 102 patients. A poor prognosis was indicated in 36 patients. Treatment with adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) was commenced within 10 days (in the majority within 5 days) of the onset of the paresis in 31 of those patients with a poor prognosis. The recovery rate in the ACTH treated group was superior compared with the untreated control group of patients with a poor prognosis. The difference is statistically significant. Those patients with a good prognosis were not treated but merely followed up. Some factors which could influence the results of the treatment are considered.
Meningococcal meningitis in children; Forty-four cases of meningococcal meningitis in children at one hospital between 1971 and 1975 inclusive were studied to document the course and complications of this disease in children in the current therapeutic era. The mortality was 5%. Of the 41 survivors 76% were healthy 1 to 5 yr after the episode of meningitis. Permanent severe sequelae (facial palsy, optic atrophy and ptosis) were seen in 3 (7%) of the survivors, and mild hearing loss, hyperactivity and nervousness were noted in 7 (17%). Electroencephalography was not useful in determining management or prognosis. Both the mortality and the frequency of early and late complications among the survivors were lower than those reported from earlier studies.
Nicolaus A. Friedreich's description of peripheral facial nerve paralysis in 1798; In 1798, Nicolaus A. Friedreich of Wurzburg published a detailed clinical account of three patients with idiopathic peripheral facial nerve paralysis. His astute observations of onset, physical findings, natural course, treatment, and recovery preceded those of Charles Bell by 23 yr.
Neuropsychic manifestations in systemic lupus erythematosus (author's transl); Thirty-three cases of systemic lupus erythematosus in women are studied in retrospect. Eight patients (24 percent) presented a total of ten neuropsychiatric episodes that could be attributed to the underlying disease. The neuropsychiatric manifestation that was most often observed was cerebrovascular stroke (40 percent) followed by psychic disturbances and convulsions. A facial paralysis coinciding with an hypertensive crisis was noticed in one case. Another patient presented a peripheral sensitive neuropathy. Five episodes occurred prior to diagnosis or during the first year of the disease. In two patients the neuropsychiatric manifestations constituted the initial symptom of systemic lupus erythematosus. ECG proved to be one of the most valuable diagnostic tools among the complementary studies. It was altered in cases of organic pathology and normal when disturbances were of psychic origin. The C3 fraction of the serum complement revealed a definite difference between patients with and without neuropsychiatric manifestations. Concentrations were lower in persons which psychic disturbances than in patients without them. The pathogenesis of neuropsychiatric manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus is discussed. They cannot be attributed exclusively to coagulation disturbances nor to treatment with corticosteroids. The immediate prognosis of neuropsychiatric episodes was good: there was partial or total recuperation in eight of the ten episodes. However, the long-term course of systemic lupus erythematosus shows that these manifestations represent an unfavourable prognostic factor in this disease.
Facial rehabilitation with temporal muscle. New concepts; Facial rehabilitation, utilizing the transposed temporalis muscle, was performed. Three new innovations of this technique include: (1) The whole muscle is transposed into the face to accomplish augmentation, support, protection for the eye, and movement. (2) Following transposition of the temporalis muscle, its nerve supply is lysed at the foramen ovale. Nerve substitution by a free, autogenous graft from the proximal segment of the ipsilateral facial nerve or crossfacial sural nerve is accomplished. This technique substitutes the facial nerve axons and nuclei for the trigeminal nerve in this muscle and thus eliminates movement on mastication and facilitates the possibility for expression. (3) This muscle may be transposed with a portion of the temporal and parietal bones to add bony architecture to the cheek and orbit.
Facial palsy and its conservative treatment. II. Bell's palsy; Pathology, etiopathogenesis, pathophysiology, symptomatology and diagnosis of Bell's palsy are discussed. Among peripheral facial palsies of diverse origin, Bell's palsy is most frequent. It is acute entrapment lesion of the facial nerve in the fallopian canal but not caused by obvious pathology of neighboring structures as, e.g., otitis media. Contrary to previous opinion, this entrapment takes place regularly in the labyrinthine segment and its introitus (Fisch and Esslen 1972). Pathophysiology of Bell's palsy is the same as in other sorts of acute entrapment neuropathies. Primary edema of the facial nerve (inflammatory or non-inflammatory) causes pressure rise in the facial nerve which in turn leads to secondary edema. In this way, a vicious circle may arise damaging both nerve fibres and vessels of the facial nerve. Diagnosis of Bell's palsy is stated in particular by means of examinations mentioned in chapter three and by means of its typical course as described in chapter four. Attention is paid especially to the examination of the region of the internal meatal fundus and its nervous structures. Permanent facial paralysis does not take place in Bell's palsy and another cause, especially space occupying lesions, must be looked for.
Facial palsy and its conservative treatment. III. Treatment of various kinds of peripheral facial palsies; Treatment of Bell's palsy and other types of peripheral facial palsies are discussed separately. Because Bell's palsy is an acute entrapment neuropathy, only immediate decompression of the labyrinthine segment of the facial nerve performed in the early stage of the disorder may be effective. This decompression may be either pharmacological, using glucocorticoids, or surgical. Pharmacological decompression may be carried out either by systemic or local administration of glucocorticoids. Systemic administration is well known but not generally used because it is not without risk. Moreover, due to numerous contra-indications to the general administration of glucocorticoids, approximately 30% of all patients suffering from Bell's palsy must not be treated in this way. In patients without contraindications, systemic administration of glucocorticoids ought to be abudant. Nevertheless, even in carefully selected patients (i.e., without known contraindication), complications occur in 1-2% of cases. Compared to general administration of glucocorticoids, application of ACTH is even less effective and more dangerous.
Facial palsy and its conservative treatment. I. Anatomy, pathophysiology and examination of the facial nerve; Basic anatomical data concerning the facial nerve, especially its petrous portion, are summarized in the introduction. Contrary to other nerves of a similar diameter, the facial nerve consists of one single thick fascicle, in its labyrinthine and tympanic segment, surrounded by a tight perineural sheath. The introitus of the fallopian canal in the fundus of the internal acoustic meatus is the narrowest part of the whole fallopian canal - this fact being of crucial importance in cases of facial nerve entrapment. In chapter II, the most important facts concerning pathophysiology of the facial nerve are reviewed. The different grades of facial nerve injury are discussed and compared with the classification of Seddon, Sunderland and McComas et al. According to clinical observation and anatomical peculiarities of the facial nerve, a more accurate classification of grades of facial nerve lesions has been proposed: subclinical lesion (with local slowing of conduction velocity), local neurapraxia (excitability of the peripheral part of the affected nerve fibre preserved), extended neurapraxia (nerve fibre excitability lost) and partial neurotmesis (including both axonotmesis and lesion of the endoneurium). Pure axonotmesis which is not followed by aberrant regeneration is not observed in facial nerve lesions. Extended neurapraxia is sometimes called degeneration (denervation), less exactly, but this stage is reversible and may not be followed by true axonotmesis in all cases. New classification of the grades of facial nerve lesions seems inevitable because of discrepancies between previous classifications and clinical observations. In chapter III, various kinds of facial nerve examinations are reviewed critically. Without a doubt, examination of the motor function of the facial nerve is the most important. In cases of paresis, careful testing of the strength of mimic muscles ought to be carried out. When paralysis occurs, muscle testing has to be replaced by nerve excitability studies, especially the maximal nerve excitability test or evoked electromyography. When performing evoked electromyography, attention should be focussed on the amplitude of the evoked muscle action potential which is proportional to the number of motor fibres affected only by local neurapraxia. Among numerous methods of facial nerve examination, only nerve excitability studies enable us to differentiate between local and extended neurapraxia - this fact being of paramount importance during follow up of acute facial palsies. Among other methods of examination, Schirmer's test of lacrimation, otoscopy, X-rays of the petrous bone, examination of the function of neighbouring nervous structures, etc., are very important. Finally, the exact site of a facial nerve lesion and its cause ought to be determined. When applying rules of topognosis of the lesion to the facial nerve, the greater resistance of small diameter nerve fibres to damage (i.e., secretory fibres) must be borne in mind.
The clinical characteristics and diagnosis of the middle ear tuberculosis in recent years; A case of tuberculous otitis media is reported. The patient was a 45-yr-old male who had fistula symptom, bilateral facial paralysis and complete deafness. The authors reviewed 25 cases (30 ears) of tuberculous otitis media reported in Japan since 1965. They noticed the remarkable transition of clinical pictures of tuberculous otitis media in recent years. A granulous type of tuberculous lesion was frequently found in the recent cases. Based on the characteristics of the recent cases, the authors established the new criteria of the diagnosis of tuberculous otitis media: chronic otitis media resistant to various antibiotics except for antituberculous agents; a marked formation of granulation tissue in the tympanic cavity and its extension to the external ear canal; disorder in bone conduction; presence of active and/or cured lung tuberculosis; accompanying of the periaural lymphadenitis in children; positive intracutaneous tuberculin reaction; facial paralysis. Chronic otitis media presented with 3 out of 7 items should be suspected as tuberculous. Chronic middle ear disease presented with 5 out of 7 items can be clinically diagnosed as tuberculous otitis media. The final diagnosis should be established by biopsy of the lesion or by bacterial examination. The treatment consists of antituberculous agents and surgical removal of tuberculous regions.
Bell's palsy and secondary syphilis: CSF spirochetes detected by immunofluorescence; Although Bell's palsy is usually idiopathic, occasional cases may have an identifiable infectious cause. When facial paralysis results from syphilis, it usually develops during the tertiary meningovascular stage. In this article a 30-year-old man with secondary syphilis is described who developed facial paralysis associated with acute syphilitic meningitis. Spirochetes were identified in the cerebrospinal fluid by immunofluorescence using standard reagents from the fluorescent treponemal antibody absorption (FTA-ABS) test. Patients with Bell's palsy should be screened for syphilis with a blood FTA-ABS test, and treatment with corticosteroids should be considered only after an infectious cause has been excluded.
Clinical observation of Bell's palsy; This paper results from a clinical study of 50 patients with idiopathic facial palsy (Bell's palsy). Incidence of Bell's palsy is constant in each year. Bell's palsy occurs most commonly in adults (20-40 yr). Both sexes and both sides are equally affected. Bell's palsy is slightly more frequent in cold weathers in the younger age group. One third of the patients have preceding histories of infection (12 cases), exposure to cold (4 cases) or compression (3 cases). It is suggested that some cases of Bell's palsy are due to viral infection or ischemia of the facial nerve. 60% of the patients recover completely within 50 days (rapid recovery), and most of the rest recover in 3 mth. If there are signs of recovery of facial palsy before the 20th day, rapid and complete recovery can be expected. The age of the patients and therapeutic measures, including administration of steroids, have little influence on the prognosis of facial palsy. Hyperacusis and pain behind the ear seem to be unfavorable prognostic symptoms.
Latent viruses and Bell's palsy in children; 4 Children with unilateral facial palsy - Bell's palsy (BP) - had serological evidence of primary infection with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV). Concomitant infection with cytomegalovirus (CMV) was demonstrated in 1 child while in all 4 children a rise in antibody titers to an additional one or two viruses was demonstrated. The viruses involved were herpes simplex, CMV and adenovirus which are latent in humans. Immunosuppression induced by EBV and steroid treatment may cause reactivation of these viruses resulting in rise in antibody titers. The need for prolonged serological follow-up for possible reactivation of latent viruses in BP is emphasized.
Myxoma of the mastoid with destruction of the facial nerve; A case of Myxoma of the mastoid with initial facial spasm followed by palsy of the nerve is reported. After removing the tumor the nerve has been reconstructed from the second knee until the stylomastoid foramen. The probable origin of the tumor is discussed.
Results of conservative therapy in 'idiopathic' facial paralysis; The results of conservative therapy in 160 patient with so-called idiopathic facial paralysis are reported. In 94.2% of the patients, a complete or far extending normalisation took place. In incomplete paralysis the number of patients restored to health was about 96.1%, and 93.3% inomplete paralysis. We treated with salicyl-pyrazon-derivatives or combined with corticosteroids and with antibiotics, resp., sulfonamids combined with corticosteroids. Physical therapy was applicated additionally in every case. Recovery did not depend on the sort of medicaments which were chosen.
The dissociated effect of treatment with ACTH on sequelae of Bell facial paralysis; The authors treated homogenous groups of patients with similar drugs and added ACTH in one group, noting a net improvement of synkinesis and hypertony, as well as better motility in light cases, probably secondary to more supple scar tissue while an insignificantly severer motor disturbance occurred in the severe forms of the paralysis. The authors suggest a selective favourable effect of ACTH only for the recovery of the connective tissue, while no effect is obtained in the regeneration of axons.
Tympanoplasty and tuberculosis of the middle ear; This report concerns 6 cases of middle ear tuberculosis. Typical clinical signs for this infection nowadays consist in a pale-colored mucosa, spontaneous facial paresis, pneumatization of the mastoid and in a changing performation of the tympanic membrane. These signs can occur single or in combination. Under a specific chemotherapeutic treatment even in tuberculous infection of the middle ear tympanoplasty can be performed without danger for the newly transplanted tympanic membrane. One should consider tuberculous infection especially in cases when for apparently inexplicable reasons necrosis of the transplant occurs postoperatively.
Faciofacial anastomosis; Facio-facial anastomosis represents an important therapeutic contribution to the difficult treatment of peripheral facial paralyses. Though difficult to perform, this procedure has been rendered possible by the considerable progress brought by the operative microscope and the microsurgical techniques; it opens up a new way for these patients. However, only experience and the practice of this new surgical method will determine its value in the future.
Treatment of acute otogenic neuritis of the facial nerve; Methods of treatment of 200 patients suffering from acute neuritis of the facial nerve occurring in 42 patients with acute otitis media and in 158 patients with chronic otitis media are reported. Paracenthesis and conservative treatment of acute otitis media from the first day of the nerve affection, and complex surgical (operation on the ear and partial decompression of the facial nerve) and conservative treatment of chronic purulent otitis media are recommended. The results of treatment are briefly analyzed. Of 200 patients, complete restoration of the facial nerve function was achieved in 174 cases. The cosmetic effect was good in 6, and satisfactory - in 20 cases.
Facial nerve injury secondary to lateral displacement of the mandibular ramus; The authors describe two cases of facial nerve injury after external dislocation of the mandibular ramus, an event not found in the reviewed literature. They discuss the possible pathogenesis and outline the therapy.
Peripheral facial paralysis and post-antirabies-vaccination polyneuroradiculitis; A case of facial diplegia with albuminocytologic dissociation of cerebrospinal fluid after antirabies vaccination prompted the authors to attempt a retrospective study of post-antirabies-vaccination neuropathies, with facial or extensive involvement. Fifty-seven cases are considered. Irrespective of vaccine type, certain clinical similarities emerge, notably the age of occurrence (adult), the early onset of the paralysis (during vaccine therapy or in the following week), and the prognosis (good survival rate, severity of functional impairment varying with extent of involvement). The authors attribute the main pathogenic role to the peripheral myelinic basic protein contained in varying proportions in conventional vaccines, the corollary being that such accidents should disappear completely with the new vaccination based on tissue culture material. A therapy program comprising the discontinuation of vaccine therapy and administration of corticoids is proposed.
Unusual symptoms of acoustic neuromas; Two cases of acoustic neurinoma with an atypical onset are described. The first case manifested itself with facial paralysis without discernible cause; surgical decompression of the facial nerve was attempted. The second patient presented sudden deafness after an injury to the cervical spine, followed by a syndrome suggestive of vertebrobasilar insufficiency. Arteriography revealed vascular displacement of tumoral origin. It is emphasized that transorbital radiography should be carried out in every case of unilateral inner-ear deafness.
Cerebellar atrophy; The cerebellum, being a special branch of the CNS has functional, structural and biochemical aspects of its own, which explains the existence of specific cerebellar affections. Thus, cerebellar atrophy is a manifestation of a persistent biochemical dysfunction, which may be of genetic origin or induced by any of a number of agents. It is not of fundamental interest to the physician, but sometimes serves as a clear sign of neurotoxicity, as the consequence of which a systemic disease may be discovered or a therapy changed.
Attempts to isolate virus from human trigeminal and facial ganglions; Herpes virus hominis type 1 was isolated from the trigeminal ganglion (ganglion semilunare, gasserian) in three out of 20 randomly selected autopsies. Two of the three patients had been treated with immunosuppressive or cytostatic agents. Clinical signs of herpes infection were not observed during the previous 6 months. No virus was isolated from the facial ganglion (geniculate ganglion) in the same 20 cases. The findings are discussed in relation to the viral etiology of acute peripheral facial palsy.
A case of Wegener's granulomatosis, presenting otological symptoms; A rare form of Wegener's granulomatosis is reported by the authors. The disease began in the form of acute otitis, and the classic form developed after a bilateral complete hearing defect, peripheral vestibular lesion, and facial paresis. The patient died. Attention is called by the authors to the importance of early diagnosis, since by early adequate treatment (steroids and cytostatic drugs) remission may be obtained.
A case of spontaneous pontine hematoma in patient suspected of pontine glioma and multiple sclerosis; A case of spontaneous pontine hematoma in a young boy, with remitting and relapsing clinical course of up to 11 years, suspected of having pontine glioma or multiple sclerosis is reported. Differential diagnosis of these are mentioned with reference to the authors' cases of pontine glioma. This patient was a man aged 16. At 5 years of age he had his first episode of double vision. 20 days after the first episode, gait disturbance, left facial palsy and consciousness disturbance developed. Neurological and neuroradiological examination revealed a pontine glioma and radiotherapy was administered. All signs and symptoms resolved except for bilateral abducens palsy. Four months later, he again complained of gait disturbance and facial palsy. Examination revealed bilateral conjugate ocular palsy, left facial palsy and cerebellar ataxia. These symptoms again resolved spontaneously, except for bilateral abducens palsy. At age 16 years, having been asymptomatic for 10 years, he suddenly noticed loss of taste. At that time sensory disturbance of the left side of himself, right hearing disturbance, dysarthria and retardation urinae. Neurological examination revealed bilateral optic atropy, bilateral abducens palsy, left facial palsy, right hyperacuisis, dysarthria, left hemiparesis, hypesthesia of the left side of the body and left cerebellar ataxia. The vertebral angiography was no evidences of mass lesion and vascular anomalies. Computed tomography demonstrated a pontine hematoma. Conservative therapy was performed and these symptoms cleared, except for bilateral abducens palsy.
Some remarks on the occurrence, diagnosis and results of therapy of peripheral paralyses of facial nerve; In a statistical group of 300 patients with peripheral paralysis of facial nerve from the total of 20,749 hospitalized patients of the Otolaryngological Clinic of Medical Academy in Erfurt (GDR), the subjects are divided into 7 groups according to the cause of the disease. A detailed examination indicated only 29% of etiologically obscure cases. The introduced therapy including surgical therapy in indicated cases resulted in a complete regression in 75% of cases, improvement in 17%, while only 8% of patients were not influenced by the treatment. The authors are of the opinion that a timely diagnosis of the etiological factors of the disease, as well as a timely, whenever possible, causal therapy including surgery, would enable to decrease the percentage of unsatisfactory therapeutic results.
Selective neurectomy in hemifacial spasm: an anatomo-pathologic finding; Today the treatment of choice in hemifacial spasm is selective neurectomy of the branches of the facial nerve. Palliative surgery has improved experience in the treatment of facial palsy. An anatomical finding is reported which could contribute to a better understanding of the etiology of facial spasm.
Effects of obstetrical interference on the newborn; The effective obstetric intervention on newborns have been analysed. Forceps delivery leads to a high incidence of morbidity rate, facial palsy and intracranial injury. The outcome of the neonate is further modified by the indication for forceps application as well as associated factors such as poor ante-natal care, poor socio-economic status and parity of the mothers, which have been responsible for a high perinatal loss as compared to the controls. A high incidence of the respiratory distress syndrome was observed in cesarean-delivered infants as compared to infants delivered by the vaginal route. Internal podalic version was hazardous to the neonate, with a greater predilection to ward asphyxiation, still-birth and higher perinatal loss.
Notes on the acute suppurative forms of otitis media, running a prolonged course; A series of 38 patients with otitis media purulenta acuta is reviewed. In 9 cases (23.7%) the suppurative process runs a torpid, protracted course, with combined or perceptive hearing loss. Reduction of the protective power of the organism due to diabetes mellitus, multiple myeloma, heart defect and postpartum period is accepted as a contributory cause. Infection is usually caused by Staphylococcus aureus and influenza viruses, independently or in combination. Despite the treatment performed in 2 patients the otitis became chronic, one patient developing otitis media serosa with labyrinthitis and practical deafness, while the other patient was discharged as cured but with substantial impairment of the sense of hearing. In two of the patients with influenza otitis, untimely exudate evacuation resulted in the development of otitis serosa with labyrinthitis (in one case), and facial palsy (in the other).
Facial paralysis occurring during progressive chronic otitis. Reflections based upon 32 cases; The authors report their experience with 32 cases of facial paralysis occurring during progressive chronic otitis. Twenty were preoperative. The conclusions which may be drawn are as follows: (1) In general it occurs in cases of severe chronic otitis with large destructive cholesteatomatous and osteitic lesions. (2) Surgery is often difficult, long, and full of unexpected findings and risks. (3) The development of facial paralysis in a case of progressive chronic otitis is an indication for immediate surgery, on the same basis as a fistula of the HSCC, which is, in fact, often present in association. (4) The lesions encountered are much more extensive at the time of secondary (11) rather than at primary surgery (9). (5) The extent of the lesions (13 cases of fistula or labyrinthine destruction) and auditory impairment (16 kophenias or subkophenias) are such that tympanoplasty is useless. The authors report their long term results: 13 cases of complete recovery, 4 nil and 3 partial (2 as a result of a superficial cervical plexus graft). They raise the problem of the management when a markedly contused nerve is discovered: simple liberation with incision of its sheath or immediate graft? The other 12 were postoperative. Five were cases operated upon by the authors. There was 100% recovery in all cases, but 1 patient, in whom the nerve followed an atypical course, required decompression surgery. In the other 7, the authors performed 3 decompressions followed by an excellent result, apart from 1 case in which the nerve was markedly contused. In 2 cases a superficial cervical plexus graft and a XII-VII anastomosis proved necessary.
Post-embolisation lower motor neurone facial paralysis. Report of one case, discussion, prevention; In the light of one case of postembolisation lower motor neurone facial paralysis, it was felt to be of interest to draw attention to the possible role played by the middle meningeal artery: - in the etiogenesis of certain peripheral problems affecting the facial nerve during embolisation of the medial maxillary ; in the indirect recognition of a dangerous anatomical distribution. The easy identification of its endocrine branch and of the stylo-mastoid artery should reveal the mode of arterial distribution of the facial nerve: and hence to assess the risks run by patients during embolisation, according to the territory and the equipment.
'Congenital' cholesteatomas of the supralabyrinthine region; Twelve cases of congenital cholesteatomas developing in the region of the geniculate ganglion are presented. The diagnosis was made from a radiological sharp-cut erosion of bone found medial to the superior semicircula canal and superior to the internal auditory meatus in presence of progressive facial palsy. The main problems of the surgical treatment of the presented lesions were: 1. the presence of an unsuspected large fistula of the basal turn of the cochlea; 2. the necessity of resecting the superior semicircular canal in order to drain the supralabyrinthine region; and 3. extensive re-routeing and grafting of the facial nerve. The etiology of the presented cholesteatomas is discussed on the basis of the migratory theory and metaplasia of the first epibranchial placode.
Neural neurotization; Controlled experimentation using dogs has demonstrated that free nerve-end insertion into a denervated muscle that has lost its motor nerve at the point of entry into that muscle can sprout axons at its implanted end to unite with neuromuscular endplates, either preexisting or new, and result in a functioning muscle. Clinical applications can be found in the treatment of facial paralysis and traumatically induced avulsions of large muscles.
Unexpected complications following therapeutic embolization; Unexpected complications may follow therapeutic embolization, even though no apparent technical errors have occurred. This report included 4 cases of facial palsy following middle meningeal artery embolization, one case of aspiration pneumonia following glomus tumor embolization, and a case of pulmonary embolization following embolization of a spinal arteriovenous malformation.
Facial reanimation in Mobius syndrome; The psychosocial deformity associated with total lack of facial animation (as seen in Mobius syndrome) is an extremely crippling situation. This inability to show hapiness, sadness, or anger by facial expression frequently results in severe introversion and a reclusive personality. Restoration of even a minimal degree of controlled facial movement is beneficial. Recent experience in the treatment of two patients with this syndrome using both dynamic and static procedures has been most rewarding. Operating simultaneously on both sides of the face poses some problems that are different from those in the patient with unilateral paralysis. The operative details are described, with preoperative and postoperative evaluation.
Functional and topical diagnosis of peripheral facial paresis and results of treatment; In the ENT clinic of the University of Halle in the period 1966 to 1976, 780 patients with peripheral facialis paresis could be treated conservatively or surgically. The causes of the condition for which the patients came for treatment were otogenic damage, traumatism, iatrogenic causes and, in the majority of cases, the so-called idiopathic pareses. An account is given of a programme of examinations of the functional and topical diagnosis, that proved its value in particular in the indication of the therapy of choice. The functional results have, it is true, greatly improved, but the number of so-called defective cures is too high, in the opinion of the authors, and is avoidable. Emphasis is laid on the examinations that are available for the surgical indication.
Peripheral facial nerve paresis; Peripheral facial nerve paresis produces a certain amount of dismay and anxiety not so much in its threat to health but more for its severe cosmetic impact. In spite of the numerous therapeutic approaches to this frequently occurring nerve injury, many questions about these different approaches have sofar remained unanswered. Narrowly connected with this is the selection of necessary diagnostic measures from a large number of possible measures. Based on experiences gained with 446 patients who were examined electrodiagnostically, practical procedures for diagnosis and therapy are outlined.
Angiographic study of facial paralyses; Many arguments lead us to think that a possible etiologic factor in idiopathic Bell's palsy is the ischemia of the facial nerve and that angiography could help in diagnosis: the rapid progress of the paralysis; the correlation between Bell's palsy occurring after embolization of the internal maxillary artery, the middle meningeal artery, the occipital or posterior auricular artery, and their participation in the blood supply of the facial nerve; the already known ischemic third nerve paralysis reported in diabetes and extending further to the facial nerve. Even if it is technically impossible to study Bell's palsy by angiography, it is interesting to understand and consider some applications of embolization and perhaps to envisage a new kind of treatment.
Rehabilitation of peripheral facial paralysis by means of kinesitherapy; The use of kinesitherapy to treat peripheral facial paralysis is still an infrequent procedure. All types of this condition, however, can be rehabilitated, without, of course, prejudicing surgical decompression at a later date. These include facial paralysis due to cold, trauma, ear diseases, and parotidectomy. Muscle reactions have to be tested before starting treatment. The therapeutic procedures used must follow a precise pattern: application of heat, electrical stimulation under strictly defined conditions, passive and active kinesitherapy. About one hundred patients have been treated with these different methods over the last few years, and the authors report excellent results.
The surgical treatment of extratemporal facial paralysis: An overview; At present there is no single surgical approach that is ideally suited to rehabilitation of the paralyzed face. Dynamic reconstruction and neural reconstitution are usually preferred to static methods, except under special circumstances. Experience with over 150 autogenous facial-nerve grafts using epineural suture technique has resulted in return of movement in 95% of properly selected patients. When grafting is not feasible, as in the obliterated central facial nerve, hypoglossal-facial-nerve crossover is a simple and powerful source of reinnervation, usually resulting in minimal intraoral crippling and mild mass movement. A newer procedure, the cross-face nerve graft, is an alternative to hypoglossal crossover, although it results in less axonal input and longer regenerative time. In cases of long-standing facial paralysis with muscle atrophy, temporalis and masseter transfers are dependable and may sometimes be combined with a nerve graft.
The tongue flap for reconstruction in a case of Mobius syndrome. A case report; This paper deals with the extension of the tongue flap technique for reconstruction of deficient perioral structures in a case of Moebius syndrome. Some important surgical considerations, such as the vascularisation of the tongue, design of the flap, location of the flap base etc, are discussed and the operative procedures and the result are demonstrated.
Intracerebral cavernous hemangioma. A case report; The authors report a case of intracerebral cavernous hemangioma diagnosed by cranial CT. A woman, aged 27, suffered from Jacksonian epilepsy since 20 yr of age. The seizure involved only the left hand at first but gradually deteriorated to general convulsion with unconsciousness and postictal left hemiparesis in the last two years. Neurological examination on admission revealed left facial palsy, left hemiparesis and left paresthesia with increased left tendon reflex. Lumbar puncture showed clear CSF and normal pressure. Skull radiograms and brain scintigram revealed no abnormality. Right carotid angiograms revealed the avascular area and the stretched ascending branches of the middle cerebral artery in the parietal region. Surgery disclosed a subcortical demarcated dark red tumor, 3 cm in size, accompanied with hematoma. The tumor had no remarkable feeding arteries and draining veins. Histology comfirmed a cavernous hemangioma with thrombosis in multiple vascular spaces. Her postoperative course was uneventful. The authors discuss the radiological findings of intracerebral cavernous hemangioma especially those of angiography and CT scanning with a review of literature.
Rehabilitation of peripheral facial paralyses: surgical possibilities; If the plainness resulting from paralysis of the facial nerve has a high psychological repercussion, these lesions can generally be improved with surgical treatment. An etiological treatment is often indicated: decompression or repair of the nerve (suture or graft). It has to be tried. When the treatment fails or is impossible, another treatment has to be carried out. Its indication depends on the clinical picture, on the etiology, on the electromyographic investigation and on the patient's wish. The only palliative treatment, which can restore an emotional and symmetrical face, is the trans-facial graft; if it cannot be carried out, neurotization will be tried and exceptionally a transplantation. Only in case of failure or of impossibility will palliative methods adapted to every case be used (myoplasty, Muhlbauer's magnets).
Bilateral sudden temporary blindness in a 14-year-old boy; A 14-year-old boy with a very rapid impairment of vision leading to complete blindness within less than 24 h is presented. Edema of discs, upward gaze palsy, unreactive pupils, left hemiparesis and central facial nerve palsy were the main clinical features. Under steroid treatment the hemiparesis and facial nerve palsy gradually disappeared and an impressive recovery of visual function was observed. The possible causes and the differential diagnosis of sudden blindness in childhood are discussed.
Peripheral facial nerve paralysis of dental origin; The etiology, diagnosis and treatment of peripheral facial nerve palsy are discussed. Four cases of facial nerve palsy following dental procedures are reported. Following a revision of the world literature during the last 23 years, the 25 cases of facial nerve palsy documented are analysed and divided into four groups on the basis of etiology, speed of onset and recovery and modes of treatment suggested.
Vestibular neurectomy; Vestibular neurectomy technique used for the standard middle fossa approach and for a total translabyrinthine VIII nerve section is described. The middle fossa approach has been used in 49 cases of mainly Meniere's disease and basically the same approach for nerve decompression has been used in 19 cases of facial paralysis, 15 being due to Bell's palsy, 2 to petrous pyramid cholesteatoma and 2 to facial nerve schwannoma. In unilateral Meniere's disease with no further fluctuation in hearing, vestibular neurectomy gives good results in alleviating vertigo.
Concerning etiopathology and treatment of facial paralysis (Bell's palsy); The seventh cranial nerve is a complicated structure which contains sensory and parasympathetic elements in addition to the motor fibres. Following some introductory comments on its embryology and anatomy, the problems of localisation and the clinical symptoms of central and peripheral paralysis of the facial nerve are discussed. Further on there is a more detailed description of defined clinical syndromes, crossed paralytic types, peculiarities in infancy, important criteria concerning differential diagnosis of cerebral excitement and, finally for the practising doctor, special up-to-date clinical pictures showing paresis of the facial nerve.
Surgical treatment of hemifacial spasm associated with tortuous vertebrobasilar system (author's transl); Surgical treatment of hemifacial spasm associated with tortuous vertebrobasilar system was reported. A patient was 63-year-old female, who first experienced mild and intermittent muscle twitching around her left eye twenty years prior to admission. Five years later, the twitching extended to all the facial muscles on the left side. She was treated with facial nerve block, which resulted in facial palsy for about one year. Because of recurrence of the hemifacial spasm, she was admitted to the Neurosurgical Department of Bokuto Municipal Hospital on October 12, 1977. Neurological examination revealed no abnormalities except for left hemifacial spasm with slight muscular weakness. Electromyogram showed severe twitching and synkinesis of all the muscles of facial expression. Vertebral angiogram on the left side disclosed pronounced elongation of the vertebral and basilar arteries, which extended into the left cerebellopontine angle. Compression of the facial nerve root exit zone at the brainstem by the vertebral artery was considered to be the cause of the hemifacial spasm. Suboccipital craniectomy was carried out on November 29, 1977. The vertebral artery extended into the cerebellopontine angle, and adhered to the facial nerve. After mobilization of the vertebral artery from the facial nerve, a small prosthesis of non-absorbable spongy material (Teflon felt) was interposed between the vertebral artery and brainstem. Postoperatively, the hemifacial spasm disappeared, but the facial palsy, which had been observed preoperatively probably due to previous facial nerve block and long-standing hemifacial spasm, remained. The function of the acoustic nerve was preserved. Recently vascular compression of the facial nerve root exit zone has been reported as a major cause of hemifacial spasm, but such abnormal vessels are rarely demonstrated angiographically.
Idiopathic facial palsy due to Zoster (follow-up and indications for treatment); Idiopathic facial paralysis and paralysis due to zoster appear to be the result of pathological processes with identical sequelae: anoxic oedema of the nerve which is constrained within the inelastic confines of the Fallopian canal. In all cases, discovery of facial palsy should indicate urgent medical treatment in which vasodilators and steroids play an essential part. Other forms of treatment are debatable. At the same time as treatment is instituted, clinical assessment with electrophysiological studies of the paralysed neuromuscular complex, and tests to localise the lesion, both of which should be repeated and compared, allow the severity of the palsy to be determined, and the timing of later decompressive surgical treatment to be planned. No test in current use will give the information necessary to decide on very early operation. Where decompression is indicated, the authors use the technique of Professor P. Fleury which involves an enlarged endaural and transmeatal approach to a furrow which is sculpted in the posterior wall of the EAM while conserving bony support anteriorly - an essential feature; this allows easy decompression of the nerve in its second and third portions without risk to the hearing, and with maintenance of a strictly normal otoscopical appearance and a normal mastoid. A modification of this technique will even allow decompression of the geniculate ganglion. Finally, review of the post-operative results encourages decompression of the nerve during the second month, in order to obtain maximal recovery of the best quality.
Facial palsy occurring during active chronic otitis media (a report of 32 cases); The authors review their experience with 32 cases of facial palsy occurring in active chronic suppurative otitis media. 20 cases were preoperative. They have drawn the following conclusions from studying these cases: Paralysis usually follows severe chronic otitis involving vast destruction by cholesteatoma and osteitis. The operation is often difficult, lengthy, and full of suprise findings and risks. The appearance of a facial palsy during active chronic otitis media is an indication for urgent surgery, in exactly the same way as a fistula of the lateral semi-circular canal, which is in any case often associated with it. The lesions discovered are often more extensive when the procedure is a revision one (11) than when it is a primary procedure (9). The extent of the disease (13 fistulae or destruction of the labyrinth) and of the effect on the hearing (16 cases of total or subtotal deafness) preclude any attempt at reconstruction. The authors report their longterm results: 13 cases with complete recovery, 4 with no recovery, 3 with partial recovery, 2 of which had a graft from the superficial cervical plexus. They discuss the problem of the action to take if the nerve is found to be grossly damaged: simple decompression with incision of the sheath or immediate graft? The other 12 cases were post-operative. 5 of them were operated on by the authors. All had 100% recovery, but in one of them the facial nerve took an unusual course, and revision surgery for decompression was necessary. For the other 7, the authors carried out decompressions in 3 and these were followed by an excellent result except in one case where the nerve was very contused. Two further cases were dealt with, one by using a graft from the superficial cervical plexus, and the other by a XII-VII anastomosis.
Traumatic facial palsies undergoing surgery. A report of 24 cases; The authors draw three conclusions from their experience, bearing in mind the fact that they have never used the middle fossa approach except in cases of fracture involving the first portion of VII. The fact that tomography is often unsatisfactory, a number of fracture lines being invisible on the X-ray. The importance of enlarged endaural and transmeatal approach which gives an excellent view of the nerve and ossicular chain so that the necessary surgery can be carried out at leisure. Conservation of the sulcus allows return to a strictly normal anatomical appearance once the tympanomeatal flap has been replaced in position. Above all, a point which seems fundamental to the authors, operations on the VIIth nerve should be undertaken before the sixth week.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Clinical features and prognosis; The clinical diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis was identified in 668 patients who were followed up for periods up to three years. This disease was found to be more common in women than previously believed. The five-year survival for all patients was found to be 39.4%, but younger patients had a substantially better prognosis than those in whom the disease was diagnosed when over the age of 50 years. When the mode of onset was considered, the spinal form was associated with a threefold better five-year survival than the bulbar form.
Idiopathic hematoma of the parotid area with facial paralysis; A case of hematoma of parotid area is reported. A 3-year-old child developed a swelling of the right parotid area and facial paralysis of the same side of his face. Blood was evacuated by needle aspiration from the swelling area, and facial paralysis disappeared immediately. Operation disclosed a hematoma in the outer surface of the parotid gland. The patient had no history of injury or previous operation around the parotid area. The cause of the hematoma was unknown.
Neurological, neuropsychiatric, and neurosurgical aspects of hyperostosis corticalis generalisata against the background of the clinical picture of Van Buchem's disease as a whole; In Van Buchem's disease bone formation dominates over the resorption of bone. There is pronounced osteosclerosis of the petrous bones and afterwards considerable enlargement of the mandible and chin. As this inherited syndrome progresses over the years, intracranial space is reduced. There is early compression of cranial nerves, e.g. peripheral facial palsy and trigeminal neuralgia. Later on, there may be anosmia, diminishing vision resulting from optic atrophy; moreover exophthalmus. The third and fourth nerves become affected if the superior orbital fissure is narrowed. Compression and deformation of the brain may lead to symptoms such as aphasia, hemianopsia and epilepsy. In advanced stages, the sellar hyperostosis causes injury to the hypophysis resulting in hypopituitarism, sometimes in pan-apituitarism. The spinal cord may also be compressed. A long cavity was seen in the cervical part of the spinal cord of one patient, causing a syringomyelia-like symptomatology. In the pathogenesis of Van Buchem's disease many factors play a role. Firstly one is confronted with an abnormal genetic predisposition, manifesting itself in a disturbed equilibrium between the activity of osteoblasts, stimulated by calcitonin, and that of the osteoclasts, activated by parathormone. If the thyroid gland produces a too high calcitonin level in plasma, strumectomia is indicated, followed by substitution-therapy. In the course of Van Buchem's disease the following stages may be distinguished: The early stage is characterized by irritation and/or paralysis of cranial-, sensory- and spinal nerves; The mature stage is characterized by brain- and spinal cord compression. At autopsy we found that the basal face of the frontal lobes of one patient showed a marked symmetrical impression, caused by pressure of the hyperplastic orbital parts of the frontal bone. Furthermore, an aspecific chronic arachnitis was found, causing a constriction of the optic chiasm. A slowly progressive pressure of the bone of the skull may cause, in that stage, neurological and psychiatric symptoms, such as deficient motor-coordination, reduction of memory and other psychic symptoms; The final stage is characterized by increased intracranial pressure followed by brain atrophy. Microscopic examination brought to light that strange extravasations had come about in the cortex and sub-cortex. We termed them 'pseudo-plaques'. They contained lipoproteins. Their shape varied from drop-like, rope of pearls, stars, rosettes, bunches of grapes or mulberies. The extravasations originate from the capillaries, penetrating their biochemically changed walls. These effusions inundated the cerebral parenchyma and brought about vasal compression into the environment, resulting in encephalonecroses, filled with exsudation. After some time the necrotic brain contained fatty acids. Glial fibrillar structures may be found in the final stage of the disease in the remnants of necrotic foci, resembling 'plaques trichosiques'. They are, however, not identical to genuine Alzheimer fibrillar plaques.
Diagnosis and therapy of so-called malignant external otitis; The malignant external otitis is characterized by the following symptoms: Severe neuralgic pain in the deep ear region is found in the elderly diabetic cases with a facial palsy due to the infection of the outer ear. In more than 50 percent of the cases with a facial palsy due to the infection the further course was lethal (Chandler 1968). A new surgical treatment of the malignant external otitis (Naumann 1977) is presented: After the adequate excision of all infected tissue and cartilage a perforated polyethylene-tube is placed into the infected area along the base of the skull. The combined therapy of a parenteral and local administration of antibiotics helps to improve the bad prognosis of the malignant external otitis.
Electro-acupuncture in otolaryngology; As an introduction to electro-acupuncture, the author discusses the basic theory of classical acupuncture as well as the therapeutic applications of low frequency positive or negative half-waves. Electro-therapy using specific points of acupuncture which refer to selected organs can now be carried out with a compact apparatus called ELBION. This instrument had originally been designed by the author for reliable and uncomplicated applications in oto-rhino-laryngology. ELBION thus permits the realization of a complete electro-acupuncture (EAP). Typical indications for EAP, as confirmed by the author, include influenzal anosmia, Bell's paralysis and central equilibrium disturbances of the neurovasuclar type. EAP serves as a most helpful additional treatment in cases of frontal sinusitis, various kinds of neuralgia, cervical otalgia, as well as sialoses of obscure or chronic genesis.
Facial paralysis in children; Facial-nerve paralysis in children is uncommon, but it is not as rare as was once thought. Most of these paralyses occur later in growth and development as a result of acquired causes, (traumatic or infectisus) although a significant number occur during the neonatal period. infectious) of the presence of associated congenital anomalies, particularly as exemplified by congenital unilateral lower-lip palsies, the early diagnosis of neonatal facial paralysis assumes considerable significance for effective clinical managment. Treatment considerations take primary importance in the acquired facial paralyses and depend on standard tests for facial-nerve function as well as topographic tests for lesion localization. Persistent or recurrent 'idiopathic' facial paralysis requires a thorough diagnostic evaluation, which takes precedence over therapeutic considerations. In most cases, a known cause will be uncovered and will help determine any therapy required.
Bell's palsy; There is still no universally accepted treatment for Bell's palsy. Most physicians use some form of medical therapy for affected patients. Although surgical decompression of the intratemporal facial nerve in patients with Bell's palsy is still highly controversial, there are instances in which it has proved beneficial. Such surgery, though, is based on sequential testing of facial-nerve function and the demonstration of progressive compromise to function (in spite of conservative medical management). More prospective, controlled, double-blind studies employing both medications and surgery are needed before an effective protocol for therapy can be established.
Rehabilitation of the face after facial nerve paralysis; The evolution of surgery for facial rehabilitation has been a fascinating study, beginning with static support and evolving through nerve grafts, muscle grafts, and nerve-muscle grafts. In spite of outstanding recent contributions, there are still patients in whom reconstruction is not possible. In these patients, symmetry and mimetic function must be restored by alternative procedures, such as muscle transfers, myomectomies, neuronectomies, rhitidectomies, and the like. At the present time, static symmetry is considered less desirable in facial rehabilitation if dynamic symmetry and motion of the face can be achieved. In principle, the proper innervation of the muscles of facial expression is by the facial nerve itself. This is possible following injury or surgical resection through direct nerve anastomosis or autogenous grafting. This restoration of the neuromuscular mechanism yields a physiologic result that may approximate the preinjury state and is reflected in the cosmetic and functional recovery achieved. However, in the current state of facial-nerve rehabilitation, one must realize that there is a continuing evolution of ideas. The future holds prospects for many new and exciting concepts that must yet come to clinical reality.
Surgery of the facial nerve; The solved and unsolved problems of intra- and extratemporal surgery of the facial nerve are discussed by the authors. On the basis of an evaluation of the various diagnostic methods, the difficulties and deficiencies of prognosis are outlined. The data of the recent literature and personal experience gained in the material are dealt with, taking into consideration the technical performance of the reconstructive operations and the expected function. The results of 21 intra-, 11 extra- and 16 combined transplantations are reported. On the basis of the results, it is emphasized that in case of transplantation not so much the length of the transplant as the degree of the lesion is of decisive importance regarding the time of regeneration. Also, the earliest possible reconstruction is to be taken into consideration. In the author's opinion, in case of Bell's palsy, the discission of the nerve sheath is not an obligatory, but rather a facultative principle, regarding the importance of the conservation of the nerves in the epineurium. In case of Bell's palsy, the exclusion diagnosis must be confirmed exactly by as many as possible examination methods, since behind the clinical picture of Bell's palsy severe morphological changes (neurinoma, tumor metastasis, cholesteatoma, etc.) may be hidden.
Peripheral facial palsy: diagnosis, prognosis and treatment; If the diagnosis of peripheral facial palsy is relatively easy thanks to the clinical and electrophysiological data and to the functional tests, the prognosis of a clinical facial palsy is more difficult to establish. Taking into account their personal experiments and the data in the literature, the authors describe the means which allow the formulation of prognosis on which depends the treatment (medical or surgical). They have tried to establish a well defined program which will be used later as a basis for a longitudinal study realized in common by neurologists, otorhinolaryngologists and neurophysiologists.
Prognostic value of minimal excitability of facial nerve in Bell's palsy; Nerve excitability is useful for prognosis in Bell's palsy. Minimal excitability values (MEV) were obtained by stimulating the facial nerve and recording the effective current (mA) required to evoke a minimal visible contraction of frontalis, orbicularis oculi, orbicularis oris, and mentalis muscles respectively. Serial MEVs were performed on 100 patients with facial palsy, of whom 87 were followed for 6 mth or to complete recovery; 61 patients were treated with steroids of whom 57 had good recovery. Serial MEVs were not only useful for prognosis, but also helpful in regulating the dosage of prednisone.
A case report of tentorial meningioma with complete unilateral facial palsy; A 41-year-old housewife complained of a gradually progressive facial palsy of 4 years' duration, deafness, intermittent facial pain and strain of the left shoulder. Neuro-otological examinations revealed total deafness, canal paresis in the left ear and no response of body sway to galvanic stimulation of the left side, and slight disturbance of optokinetic nystagmus to the right. Slight paralysis of IX, XI and XII cranial nerves was recognized, but not other neurological signs were noted. Electromyographic findings of the left facial muscles showed no response in voluntary and evoked movement. Electroencephalography demonstrated an abnormal slow wave focussed at the left parietotemporal region. Electrocochleography showed a retrocochlear lesion. CT scan and angiography (CAG, VAG) revealed a large tumor growing to the middle fossa from the posterior fossa of the left side. Since the tumor was adherent to the base of skull and the petrous bone, subtotal resection was performed and the tumor was confirmed as meningioma (spindle cell type) histologically. The author discusses the differential diagnosis of tumors at the cerebello-pontine angle, especially neuromas of the acoustic, facial and trigeminal nerves, and intracanalicular hemangioma.
Treatment of Bell's palsy in pediatrics; A series of 22 consecutive cases of idiopathic Bell's palsy are presented, 9 patients obtained return to the normal facial function without treatment and 2 more have had an importnat degree of recovery and it is expected they return to the normal facial function. Two cases did not show any recovery as they were cases with a chronic evolution and facial nerve degeneration. They did not receive any treatment. Facial nerve decompression was indicated in 8 cases; one hundred percent normal function was the result in 6 patients and a good result was obtained in the remaining 2 and complete recovery was expected shortly after.
Speech, language and hearing in moebius syndrome: A study of 22 patients; A comprehensive profile of communicative disorders in patients with Moebius syndrome was attempted. Seven patients were evaluated by the authors and the findings were added to 15 contributed case-histories. Most patients demonstrated some degree of dysarthria due to congenital paralysis of the facial nerves. Other problems such as cleft palate, hearing loss, mental retardation and delayed development of language were found in a few of the patients. As most of the older children in the sample and in reports in the literature eventually developed intelligible speech, a program of oral language stimulation and compensatory adjustments would appear to be the procedure of choice.
Tuberculous otitis media with complications; Tuberculous otitis media, although uncommon today, is still a differential diagnosis of suppurative otitis media. Our patient's otitis progressed from a draining ear with hearing loss to include facial nerve paralysis and meningitis. Several surgical procedures including radical mastoidectomy were insufficient to halt progression of the disease. After culture of acid-fast bacilli from the aural drainage and the cerebrospinal fluid, antituberculous chemotherapy was started and the patient responded well to treatment.
Iatrogenic paralysis of the facial nerve in otic microsurgery; The authors present their own experiences with surgical treatment of an iatrogenic paralysis of the facial nerve done between 1954-1974. The most common causes, place of damage, errors in the treatment and medical-jurisdictional aspect of the problem are presented. The necessity of the further development of qualifications in the otic micro-surgery and medical-jurisdictional aspect of the damage are stressed.
Bell palsy: Muscle reeducation by electromyograph feedback; The present case study investigated the efficacy of feedback in restoring muscle control to facial muscles which had been affected by Bell palsy. The subject, a woman, was provided an analog tone as feedback for modifying the muscle activity on the paralyzed (right) side of her face to match that of her nonaffected (left) side. The results showed a statistically significant shift in muscle activity in masseter, zygomaticus, and orbicularis oculi muscles. Posttreatment levels closely approximated the nonaffected side, and resulted in more normal facial characteristics with respect to jaw position and symmetry of smiling. Bidirectional control of the zygomaticus was also demonstrated.
Anastomosis of masseteric nerve to lower division of facial nerve for correction of lower facial paralysis. Preliminary report; Another method to reanimate the corner of the mouth in facial paralysis is by reinnervation of the perioral musculature. The authors have done this in 3 cases by anastomosing the masseteric nerve to the nearby lower division of the facial nerve. The results varied, but are promising.
Traumatic facial palsy due to head injury; 49 cases of traumatic facial palsy due to head injury and 75 cases of Bell's palsy were examined. Traffic accidents with traumatic facial palsy are most frequently observed in elementary-school aged pupils than adults. In the traumatic facial palsy, male patients are observed far more frequently than female patients for ages from 20 to 39, the former having head injury more often. On the contrary, among patients with Bell's palsy of the same ages, the occurrence rate is almost equal for male and female. In cases of traumatic facial palsy, no correlation was noted between the recovery rate and the age of the patient. Head injury with traumatic facial palsy is observed most frequently in the temporal region. The lesion of the facial nerve inferred from the clinical symptoms does not always correspond to surgical findings. The EMG showed 3 types: the first type is observed mostly in the group with onset of facial palsy within one week from the date of injury, and this type of facial palsy recovers in several months. The second type is observed mostly in the group having onset of facial palsy within a month and this type also recovers in several months. The third type is observed mostly in the group with onset occurring within one hour; this type rarely shows recovery. In Bell's palsy, no such types with regard to the lapse of time could be clearly observed. Surgical indications are as follows: most cases of immediate traumatic facial palsy have a good surgical indication if there is no sign of recovery after several weeks. In the delayed traumatic facial palsy, because most of the cases show gradual recovery on EMG, after several weeks, it is not too late to perform surgical operation after 2-2.5 mth. Macroscopic evidence or dislocation of ossicles, etc. are helpful in dictating the surgical indication.
Electromyographic biofeedback in the reeducation of facial palsy; Electromyographic biofeedback techniques have been successfully applied in various neuromuscular disorders. Data on the use of this technique in reeducation of facial paralysis after initial surgical correction are scarce. The authors have developed a treatment program consisting of EMG biofeedback with the use of the Basmajian-Emory myotrainer. Two case reports are presented which show successful results after a 3 month training period.
Bilateral facial paralysis; Three patients with bilateral facial paralysis are described. The first patient presented with infectious mononucleosis and facial diplegia followed 14 days later by signs of polyradiculitis. The second patient had bilateral facial paracysis combined with acute polyradiculitis with tetraparesis and respiratory difficulties. The third patient was admitted with isolated facial diplegia, a possible monosymptomatic form of the Guillain-Barre syndrome. The various possible causes of bilateral facial paralysis are discussed.
Otogenic lesions of the facial nerve; The prognosis for facialis paresis decisively depends on the time and type of treatment carried out. The diagnosis rests basically on the otological findings and on the results of X ray and functional middle and inner ear examinations. Between 1955 and 1975, 3938 patients with a chronic otitis media were operated in the Halle University ENT clinic and 48 patients were treated for a preoperative peripheral facialis paresis. Iatrogenous operation determined lesions have become more rare due to improved surgical techniques, although they still occur in about 1% of all cases. Follow up operations (1.9%) appear to be more dangerous than first time operations (0.9%). The treatment results underline the necessity for a very critical attitude in otogenous lesions of the facial nerve. Nothing could be worse for the prognosis than a hopeful waiting.
Spinofacial anastomosis; Removal of large acoustic neuromas may still be followed by facial nerve palsy. The results of fourteen cases of spinofacial nerve anastomosis have been studied and compared with the results of spinofacial and hypoglossalfacial anastomoses reported in the literature. Other standard treatments of facial palsy have been briefly reviewed and criteria developed by which the most appropriate therapy for facial paralysis may be selected.
Treatment of facial spasm. A new technique; Facial spasm is not so rare in Japan, but the etiology and treatment are not established. Several treatments (facial nerve block by alcohol injection, neurotomy, drug therapy and stellate ganglion block) have been tried. Wakasugi's physical block method, facial nerve block by needle insertion, is the most popular one. However, the technique is rather difficult for us and the result is not constant. Moreover we sometimes experienced that Bell's palsy was prolonged, and dizziness or inner ear disturbance was complained about. According to this technique the peripheral nerve branch of the facial nerve is found by electric stimulator under neurolept analgesia and a small amount of pure alcohol (usually 0.1 ~ 0.2 nl) is injected.
The effect of stellate ganglion block on peripheral facial palsy: A proposed method of reporting; 86 cases of peripheral facial palsy have been treated. 100 percent function recovery was found in 75% of patients and 80 percent function recovery was found in 15% of patients who received stellate ganglion block within 2 weeks after the onset. 100 percent function recovery was found in 10.5% of patients and 80 percent function recovery was found in 26.3% of patients who received stellate ganglion block within 3 months after the onset.
Rehabilitation of leprosy patients in a comprehensive control programme in Gudiyatham Taluk of Tamil Nadu; The Research Project had been in progress from April 1, 1968 to March 1975 at Gudiyatnam Taluk of Tamil Nadu and it was financed by the Social and Rehabilitation Service of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare of the United States Government. The report is a book (covering 131 pages) on rehabilitation of leprosy patients. The results of the study are described in 8 chapters. This is a very useful index for leprosy patients with disability, whose condition is summarised in a 6 letter code. As a result of studying 5677 unselected leprosy patients, it was found that 33% showed some disability or other, and that involvement of upper limbs was more common than that of lower limbs. In the management of lepromatous leprosy folate and B-12 supplements may be valuable because of the high prevalence of folate and B-12 deficiency. Liver biopsies were done on 240 patients. Among 101 patients who showed no acid-fast bacilli in skin smears 22 patients revealed leprous granulomata in the liver. There was a sharp rise of leprous lesions in the liver as one moved from the polar tuberculoid (TT) to the polar lepromatous (LL) type. The clearance of these lesions depended on the duration of treatment. There was no significant correlation between the presence of tuberculoid granuloma in the liver and liver efficiency tests. A study of the social problems faced by 100 deformed and 100 non-deformed leprosy patients in the author's area revealed that the family and neighbors were friendly to 96-99% of non-deformed patients and to 84% of the deformed patients. Results of the study of nerves in 540 leprosy patients belonging to the 4 clinical types of leprosy were recorded. Electromyographic study of the muscles of the face has revealed the phenomenon of mis-reinnervation of these muscles in leprosy. Among 2416 leprosy patients with disability, the greatest prevalence is in the 2 decades over 30 yr. Deformities of the face were the most frequent single involvement. Regular administration of DDS in patients suffering from bacilliferous types of leprosy has been found to have beneficial effect on nerve function. It was proved that trophic ulcers can be treated at the home of the patients with plaster of paris (POP) casts or felt pad dressings. Under the local conditions, the patients were averse to having immobilization with POP cast at home. Fissures of anhidrotic feet were tested by soaking the feet for 45 min in water followed by a liberal application of vaseline and application of rubber latex solution to form a boot. When the boot was removed after 3 wk, fissures and hyperkeratosis had disappeared. In cases where repeated ulceration took place in the same area of the sole of the foot, devices to relieve weight bearing were necessary (e.g. fixed ankle brace walker and patellar tendon bearing shoes). These were provided for the village patients resulting in a significant decrease in the prevalence of plantar ulcers. Great deal of attention was paid to the retraining of farm workers who had to use plough and other tools in their normal work. Teaching of safe cooking methods also formed part of the training for women patients and men patients who had to handle fire in their occupation. The conclusion from the author's limited experience is that retraining and placement of disabled leprosy patients is possible and worthwhile. This cannot be done in the hospital. Among 494 leprosy patients investigated, 11% showed psychiatric disturbances. There was no correlation between the type of leprosy and psychiatric disorders. There appeared to be a significant correlation between the presence of deformity and the prevalence of mental illness.
Rehabilitation techniques for patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; Rehabilitation techniques for the management of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis are aimed at maintaining the patients at their optimum functional levels for as long as possible and at preventing complications secondary to disuse of muscles and immobilization. A functional staging of patients is proposed which is helpful in categorizing them in reference to the type of rehabilatative techniques required and the kinds of assistive devices needed.
Facial nerve reconstruction in the parotid-masseter region; The technique and results of surgical reconstruction to different extents of the extratemporal part of the facial nerve after oncologic operations and after accidental injuries are reported. Return of facial nerve function was observed in 15 out of 17 cases (87%) with follow-up of over 1 year. Personal modification of nerve suture is described. Attention is called to the possibility of perineural and endoneural spread of parotid malignant neoplasms.
Therapeutic trial of tiapride in ENT; Tiapride was studied in 60 patients with ENT affections. The dosage was 1 to 2 ampoules IM a day for 7 to 10 days, followed by a half a tablet 3 to 4 times a day for 2 weeks to 2 months. Results were excellent or good for 16 out of 20 cases of essential headache, 6 out of 6 cases of Barré Liéou's syndrome, 7 out 8 cases of sinus pain, 6 out of 8 cases of Méniè's disease, and 6 out of 6 cases of facial paralysis "a frigore". In 7 cases of post-concussion syndrome, excellent results were observed in all the patients, on headache. Vertigo was reduced in intensity. The effects was moderate or nil on tinnitus and deafness due to Ménières syndrome, as well as in 2 casls of facial neuralgia. Tolorance was excellent as, in these 60 patients, only 2 cases of dry mouth and 1 case of vomiting in a diabetic were reported.
Facial palsy in children; During the period of 1964 to 1976, we have treated 112 children under 6 yr old affected with facial palsy, which constituted 7.5% of the total 1501 patients with facial palsies seen during the same period. Incidences of facial palsies in the infants are signficantly different from those of the adults. In the former cases, there are lower incidence of Bell's palsy and higher incidences of otogenic and congenital palsies as compared to the latter. In order to surmount the diagnostic difficulties inherent in the infant palsy, the following examinations are essential; microscopic otoscopy; temporal bone radiography; electrodiagnostic examinations including NET, S-D curve and evoke electromyography; and, virological examination of blood serum. Administration of general anesthesia was often required in order to perform these procedures. In respect to findings through the above mentioned examinations, 3 interesting cases may be specifically mentioned: one case with masked mastoiditis; one, with bilateral facial palsy of otic origin; and another, with congenital palsy caused by muscular hypogenesia. Surgical treatment was highly recommended when the prognosis of the palsy appeared to be poor due to denervation of the facial nerve.
EMG feedback and recovery of facial and speech gestures following neural anastomosis; A case report is presented of an attempt to increase muscle activity during non-speech and speech activities through surface electromyographic feedback. The subject, a 25-year-old male, had a surgical anastomosis of the seventh cranial to the twelfth cranial nerve five years prior to the initiation of this therapy. The right side of the face was immobile. Frequency analogs of muscle action potential from the right lower lip during pressing, retraction, eversion, and speech were presented to the subject. His task was to increase the frequency of the tone thereby increasing muscle activity. The subject made substantial improvement in the gestures listed above. Electrodes also were placed in various infraorbital positions for an upper lip lifting task. This gesture was unimproved. Pre- and posttherapy independence of facial gestures from conscious tongue contraction was found. Possible explanations were proposed for increases of muscle activity in the lower lip, lack of change of MAPs in the upper lip, independence of the facial muscle activity from conscious tongue contraction, and effectiveness of this feedback training.
The true nature of Bell's palsy: analysis of 1,000 consecutive patients.; In a series of 1502 patients seen in our Facial Paralysis Research Clinic 1048 were diagnosed as having Bell's palsy. Review of clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory data, plus review of the literature, has led to the conclusion that Bell's palsy is an acute benign cranial polyneuritis probably caused by reactivation of the herpes-simplex virus, and the dysfunction of the motor cranial nerves (V, VII, X) may represent inflammation and demyelinization rather than ischemic compression. Spinal fluid analysis suggests that the disease is a phenomenon of the central nervous system with secondary peripheral neural manifestations. With our presently available information, treatment of a viral disease with an anti-inflammatory agent is rational. Prednisone treatment started within the first week of the disease can restore better function to the paralyzed face than is achieved without such therapy, and facial nerve decompression has been unnecessary.
Elevated blood pressures in infants and children.; Blood pressure should be routinely measured in all infants and children. Measurements should be performed with an appropriate size cuff and observed pressures compared to normal values for age. Elevated blood pressure is seen in one to ten percent of children, depending on the age group surveyed and the definition of hypertension selected. Thirty to fifty percent of children with elevated blood pressures are asymptomatic. The remainder have symptoms which are nonspecific, including headaches, visual disturbances, seizures, congestive heart failure, and facial palsy. Hypertension in children, unlike hypertension in the adult, usually has a definite cause which often responds to adequate medical and/or surgical treatment. For this reason, children with well-confirmed hypertension should be thoroughly evaluated. The most common causes of hypertension found in children are renal disease (pyelonephritis, vascular disease, structural malformations) and coarctation of the aorta. An approach to the child with transient or persistent hypertension is described. Diagnostic studies should be individualized and should follow clinical clues where possible. Medical management of the child with acute hypertension is discussed.
Retrolabyrinthine approach: technique and newer indications.; Excellent exposure of the cerebellopontine angle is obtained by an approach through the mastoid posterior to the labyrinth. Since the major portion of the dissection is extradural, this approach is associated with a very low morbidity. The retrolabyrinthine approach has been used for several years for selective partial section of the posterior root of the trigeminal nerve in cases of trigeminal neuralgia. Complete relief of pain has been accomplished in 25 of 28 cases, and the other 3 patients had partial relief of pain. The only complications in these patients were partial hearing impairment in 2, and 1 partial abducens nerve paralysis which subsequently recovered completely. Two patients required secondary closure of cerebrospinal fluid leaks. This approach has also been used for exploration and biopsy of cerebellopontine angle tumors and for treatment of other cranial nerve problems. We conclude that the retrolabyrinthine approach is the preferred route to the cerebellopontine angle in a variety of clinical conditions.
A critical comparison of neurosurgical and otolaryngological approaches to acoustic neuromas; Neurosurgeons have traditionally advocated the transmeatal suboccipital craniectomy as the procedure of choice in treating acoustic neuromas of all sizes. With this technique, complete tumor removal was achieved in 91% of our patients. Facial motor activity was fully preserved in 59% and it was partially deficient in an additional 29%. Conversely, recent otological reports have proposed a more flexible attitude in which the size of the tumor dictates the form of surgical therapy. In that scheme, the universally applicable and clinically proven suboccipital craniectomy is replaced by a series of procedures (translabyrinthine, middle fossa, transsigmoidal), each of which differs in its anatomical and technical requirements. This necessity for several operations seems to stem from the failure of any particular approach either to provide adequate visualization of the entire pathological process, or to afford maximum opportunity for complete tumor removal. By employing these various techniques, total capsular removal has been generally achieved in only 71% of cases. A careful comparison and analysis of these individual procedures reaffirms the superiority of the posterior fossa approach.
Problems of symptomatic therapy in multiple sclerosis; The author reviews symptoms, reversibility of symptoms, prognosis, and treatment based on the large number of MS patients in the Gottingen documentation pool. As expected, spasticity, paresis, ataxia, visual and sensory disturbances and urinary dysfunction are dominating disorders in MS. Sexual dysfunction was found in 23 percent of male and 5 percent of female patients. Visual disturbances, diplopia, facial palsy, sensory disturbances of the face and perhaps tactile sensory disturbances were found to be more reversible than other symptoms. The author points out that 30 percent of patients are still at least partially employable 20 years after the onset of MS, and that the lifespan of the MS patient has increased considerably in the last 40 to 50 years. Spasticity, ataxia and bladder and bowel disturbances remain major problems in limiting working ability. (Cook - Newark, NJ)
Extracerebral cavernous hemangioma of the middle fossa.; Two cases of extracerebral cavernous hemangioma in the middle fossa are reported. Cerebral angiography showed a large avascular mass lesion in each case, but the tumors were very vascular at operation. Recovery of vision occurred in one case postoperatively. Diagnosis and treatment of these tumors are discussed.
Contralaterally elicited electrical stimulation of paralyzed facial muscles; Functional electrical stimulation is being explored in the extremities. A major obstacle is found in programming the firing sequence. In 1976, David Zealear proposed using the activity on the normal side in axial muscle pairs that normally function symmetrically to act as a template to control the stimulator. This method was demonstrated in laryngeal muscles in dogs, and is now demonstrated in the face with future applications being proposed. The facial nerve on one side was sectioned in a series of rabbits. Implanted electrodes received electrical potentials from selected muscles on the normal side. Bursts of electrical activity on the normal side during a blink or a twitch were used to trigger a muscle stimulator, which was routed to matching muscles on the paralyzed side. This technique restored symmetric function to the hemiparalyzed face.
Correction of permanent upper facial palsy by transposition of the pedicled temporal muscle; Transposition of a temporal muscle flap according to the principles laid down by Lexer and Schmid has been suggested by the authors for the treatment of long-standing upper facial palsy. But here a lower-based pedicled flap has been used by the authors. In order to maintain innervation of the flap, it appears mandatory to separate the latter at the subperiosteal level, from above downwards, up to the perpendicular on the medial portion of the zygomatic process. Finally, emphasis is laid on the necessity to take extremely accurate landmarks prior to lateral orbitotomy, otherwise closing of the eyelids will be unsatisfactory.
Facial palsies by traumatic luxation of incus; The authors describe 4 cases of fracture of the petrous part of the temporal bone, with dislocation of the incus and facial paralysis. They discuss the pathology of the nerve lesions and the best line of treatment to follow in similar cases. There are 10 references.
Necrosis in the temporal and aural area resulting infusion of hyperosmolar solutions into the right temporal artery of a premature neonate; A neonate was accidentally given an infusion of 5% sodium bicarbonate and 20% glucose solutions into the right temporal artey. Skin necrosis and facial paralysis occurred, in the distribution area of the artery. The authors suggest the following points. To avoid the risk of an accident, the pulse should first be palpated before the infusion begins. Normal saline should be given first, and a watch kept for ischaemia. If ischaemia occurs during a hyperosmolar injection, heparin and streptokinase should be given at once, and thrombolytic therapy continued for as long as necessary. Should skin necrosis occur, then skin transplantation will be required to produce satisfactory healing and a good cosmetic result.
Orbito palpetral plastic surgery; When in 1972 the French Ophthalmological Society discussed the subject of this report they were undoubtedly hoping to remind ophthalmologists that this plastic surgery was an integral part of their speciality. It was immediately apparent to the chosen reporter that besides the honor that was being done to him there was an accompanying difficult task. An ophthalmologist above all, his experience had been insufficient to carry through such an enterprise on his own. It was thus that the 'Team' which has drawn up this report came to be formed. It comprises three ophthalmologists, two plastic surgeons and a neurosurgeon. The first chapters in this book deal with the surgical anatomy of the orbit, typical ophthalmological problems, such as enucleation and evisceration, and several aspects of maxillofacial fractures. More specific abnormalities, such as exophthalmia, facial clefts, colobomas, microsomia, microphthalmia etc., are described. Typical neurosurgical problems in craniofacial surgery and some typical eyelid plastic and cosmetic surgery are also described. In the main part of the book, however, emphasis is laid on the co-operation between the three specialities--ophthalmology, neurosurgery and plastic surgery--since most abnormalities demand a multidisciplinary approach. Lastly, the authors discuss the medicolegal aspects of orbitofacial injuries.
Facial nerve surgery; In these Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Facial Nerve Surgery (Zurich 1976) the important scientific and technical advances made during the last 6 yr by basic scientists, otorhinolaryngologists, neurologists, neurosurgeons and plastic surgeons, are reported. The problems related to facial paralysis and rehabilitation of the face are discussed from almost every point of view. About 50 papers are presented. Special care has been taken in the reproduction of 18 panel discussions.
Cervio-aural fistulae; One case of a rare condition, cervico-aural fistula, is presented. An unusual complication, thrombosis of the lateral sinus, was diagnosed during the post-operative period. Additionally, she developed a paresis of the facial nerve which is resolving.
Recurrent Bell's palsy. Etiology, frequency, prognosis; The etiology, frequency and prognosis of recurrent Bell's palsy were studied in patients with peripheral paresis of n.facialis of various etiology. 14 (11.9%) of 117 patients with Bell's palsy had a recurrent paresis of n.facialis. 9 of these were of homolateral and 5 contralateral type. 7 recurrent facial paralyses in idiopathic Bell's palsy (i.e. 10.4% of the patients with idiopathic facial palsy), 3 facial palsies of viral origin (i.e. 8.8% of the patients with viral facial palsy), 1 in association with diabetes mellitus, 1 during pregnancy, 1 combined with positive rheumatic serological tests, and 1 in a case of Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome were found. The frequency and heterogenity of etiology of recurrent facial palsies suggest a predisposing factor or immune mechanisms. In 8 patients there was within 6 to 8 wk a good, in 2 patients a moderate and in 4 patients a poor recovery of function. The greater reduction of the compound action potential of the m.orbicularis oris in recurrent homolateral facial palsy in relation to patients with single manifestation point out the greater denervation and therefore the poorer prognosis of recurrent palsies. A prophylactic decompression to prevent a third attack of recurrent facial paresis is considered.
Arson and Moebius' syndrome: a case study of stigmatization; The ever uneasy and precarious equilibrium between psychiatry and the law is well illustrated by a recent trial, concerning a man aged 22 yr who had been born with a rare and bizarre congenital disorder. Only some 100 cases of Moebius' syndrome or congenital facial diplegia, have been described and about 10% of these have been mentally subnormal. In a typical case there is degeneration of the corpus callosum and complete bilateral paralysis of the facial nerves, so that expressive movements of the face are absent. Paralysis of the ocular nerves limits eye movements. Various associated defects are common. No treatment is described in the literature and there is no previously reported association with criminality. When the patient was 20 he took up residential catering work in a hospital, with accommodation in the nurses' home. Here he encountered teasing and ostracism more cruel and sustained than ever before. On several occasions over a period of about 17 mth he burnt and damaged clothing. At his trial for arson and criminal damage the probation report covered his physical defects and the background to the offences. Notwithstanding the fact that in another case of arson the judge thought it wise to call for a psychiatrist's report the judge sentenced him to 4 years imprisonment. This remarkable case is further discussed from a psychiatrist's viewpoint.
Selective experimental reinnervation of paralyzed facial muscles; Amelioration of facial nerve dysfunction has been variably successful and often has resulted in only gross motion. An experimental model has been developed whereby the nerve muscle pedicle technique used to reinnervate the larynx has been modified to achieve selective reinnervation of paralyzed facial muscles. A series of rabbits underwent facial denervation, following which a nerve muscle pedicle was transposed to the denervated zygomaticus muscle to achieve selective reinnervation. Subsequent follow up showed good clinical evidence of reinnervation one to four weeks postoperatively. This was confirmed by electromyographic and histologic findings. It is suggested that the nerve muscle technique that has been used to correct laryngeal paralysis also may be applied to the selective reinnervation of paralyzed facial muscles.
Investigations on the course of Bell's palsy; A report on 22 patients with idiopathic facial paralysis is given. A systematic interdisciplinary examination in short intervals was carried out. The efficiency of the more time consuming and technically more difficult methods was checked. At the same time it was investigated whether as a result of these findings new aspects of early therapy and prognosis could be expected.
Tuberculous otomastoiditis in children; The authors report three cases of tuberculous otomastoiditis in children. Review of the literature, with particular emphasis on the ten other cases reported since 1960, discloses that this form of tuberculosis is most frequent in infants and young children. All too often, the diagnosis is made too late, with resulting complications such as irreversible hearing loss and facial nerve paralysis. Antituberculous medication and surgical drainage controlled the infection in all 13 cases diagnosed since 1960. Tests for tuberculosis in children with chronic ear infection should be mandatory, but periodic testing of all children is recommended.
Delayed facial paralysis after a condylar fracture; Facial paralysis following facial injuries during childhood is rare. The literature is reviewed and the mechanisms of facial nerve injuries are discussed. The case of a five year old boy with facial paralysis 48 hours after a condylar fracture is presented. The surgical and conservative treatment of traumatic facial paralysis is discussed.
Phenothiazine induced bulbar palsy like syndrome and sudden death; There have been periodic case reports of sudden death due to aspiration or asphyxiation in patients receiving phenothiazines. The mechanism of death is unknown. The author reports a case of a drug induced bulbar palsy like syndrome in a man receiving fluphenazine enanthate and reviews the literature on sudden respiratory death and phenothiazines. He postulates that phenothiazine induced bulbar palsy may cause laryngeal and/or pharyngeal dysfunctions that are responsible for aspiration.
Acupuncture in two cases of peripheral nerve paralysis; A report on a case of peripheral paralysis of the right side of the larynx in a 34 yr old male who became completely aphonic following a grippal infection. After 3 wk of conventional treatment by a well known specialist, he underwent acupuncture treatment. After 4 mth the voice was again normal; however laryngoscopy showed a completely normal larynx only 7 mth after the illness. The loci used and the reasons for their selection are discussed in detail. The second case was a 62 yr old male with facial paralysis. This patient underwent acupuncture treatment shortly after he was stricken. After 6 days distinct improvement was seen; he was completely healed after 2 mth. The loci and the reasons for their selection are discussed. The cases are compared.
Simple measures for acute peripheral facial paralysis; Pheripheral facial paralysis not only leads to disfigurement of the face but can also cause complications in the region of the eyes. In addition to the causative treatment of the paralysis, a few temporary measures may be of great practical value for the patient. These measures divided into those which improve appearance and those which are intended to protect the eye are described.
The trigemino facial reflex: Its study and evaluation in peripheral facial paralysis; An electromyography of 70 cases of peripheral facial paralysis of different etiologies was made. The study of eyelid closing reflex, spontaneous activity in rest, nervous excitability to stimulation in the pretragus and age are evaluated. The conclusion obtained is that the quantitative valuation of fibrillation potentials and slow waves is important for the prognosis of these paralyses.
Otogenic labyrinthine complications. I. Limited otitis interna (Polish); In the years 1945-1974 407 patients with limited otitis interna were treated. The authors describe clinical manifestations, methods of treatment and early and late therapeutic results in this material. Clinical manifestations and therapeutic results in other coexistent complications were evaluated as well including 26 cases of concomitant facial palsy, 57 cases of intracranial epidural complications (granulomas and epidural abscesses) and 18 cases of intracranial subdural complications (subdural, cerebral and cerebellar abscesses, purulent cerebrospinal meningitis).
Clinico-enzymological correlations in trophic disorders of the buccal mucosa in patients with peripheral lesions of the facial nerve; The paper deals with trophic disorders of the buccal mucosa in 30 patients with Bell's paralysis. The character of the changes found was judged by the results of an examination of the mucosa and chemical and histochemical studies of the bioptate, obtained by aspirational biopsy. The examinations demonstrated trophic disorders in the buccal mucosa which were testified to by a slight edema and enzymatic-metabolic disorders in the form of increased activity of the acid and alkaline phosphatase as well as asparagine and alanine aminotransferase. These changes to a certain extent confirm the existence of vegetative filaments in the facial nerve, an affection of which leads to metabolic-trophic changes. Such data should be taken into consideration in an attempt to explain the mechanisms of distrophic processes and may be utilized as some indices in the judgement of the dynamics in the process of treatment.
Moebius syndrome. Case report with a 30-year follow-up; Moebius syndrome is uncommon, as reported in the literature. A patient with Moebius syndrome is reported, showing a 30-year follow-up after initial surgical treatment by bilateral partial transfers of the masseter muscles.
Prognostic value of electrodiagnostic methods in peripheral facial nerve palsy; The function of the facial nerve can be examined by 4 electrodiagnostic methods. In the nerve excitability test and electroneurography with determination of the distal latency the facial nerve is stimulated over the stylomastoid foramen. Chronaximetry and electromyography are performed in the muscles. Whereas chronaximetry renders an impression of the severity of the neural lesion, electromyography can also determine the onset of reinnervation activity. Early prognosis within 6 days of onset can be determined only by nerve excitability tests and electroneurography, which assess the muscle potential. If the potential amplitude decreases more than 35% within two days and the muscle potential disappears between the fourth and sixth days, total degeneration of the nerve with poor prognosis is indicated. Such data can be obtained by at least two electrodiagnostical investigations preferably on the third day after onset and one to three days later.
Facial nerve injuries in children; The diagnosis and management of facial nerve injuries in children are discussed. Importance is placed on both early diagnosis and early management. Nerve electrical testing is used as a reliable basis for determining whether or not surgical intervention is indicated, and measures for management are described.
Acute onset of bulbar and ocular paralysis. An isolated case, with differential diagnosis; The diagnosis of botulism should be considered in all patients with the acute onset of cholinergic dysfunction and muscle weakness. The pupils are usually dilated; paralysis of ocular and bulbar muscles invariably occurs along with weakness of limb and axial muscles. This diagnosis is supported by the presence of a neuromuscular block and confirmed by the detection of toxin. Although the clinical presentation in this patient supported this diagnosis and a neuromuscular defect was present, no botulinum toxin was found. Not until Clostridium botulinum, type B organisms were cultured was the diagnosis of 'probable botulism' made in this patient. Myasthenia gravis, atypical Guillain-Barre syndrome and a brain stem vascular lesion were also considered in the differential diagnosis. The anoxic encephalopathy following the cardiorespiratory arrest was an additional complicating factor.
Giant cell tumor of the sphenoid bone with dural extension; The rarity of giant cell tumors of the sphenoid bone has been emphasized by various authors. Giant cell tumors are, in general, very uncommon in the head and, when they occur, they tend to show predilection for the mandible and the maxilla. The case reported is the 16th so far published in the English language literature. It occurred in the sphenoid bone in a man of 25. Besides the familial presentation with headaches, ocular manifestations, and upper cranial nerve lesions, this case showed previously undescribed features such as grand mal seizures, hemiparesis with facial palsy and dural extension. The reported high incidence in females is questioned. Histologically, the tumor showed some cartilage.
Value of neuronography in assessment of facial nerve paralysis; The treatment of complete facial paralyses until recently was rendered difficult by the absence of an electrodiagnostic method of examination that gives reliable prognostic pointers at an early stage. This gap has now been closed by neuronography. The sum of the action potentials (SAP) is a direct measure of the number of muscle fibers set into action by the nerves. Consequently, the lowering of the amplitude in comparison with the SAP of the healthy side corresponds to the number of degenerated nerve fibers. Now it is possible between the 7th and 10th days after the onset of the paralysis to obtain a reliable prognosis and indications for the essential treatment (further conservative treatment, or decompression of the facialis.
Cancer of the middle ear and the deep external auditory canal; 8 cases of cancer of the middle ear and the deep external auditory meatus are reported. Facial palsy is an important initial symptom for an early diagnosis but it is at times difficult to differentiate the cancer from the chronic middle ear inflammation. Radical ear operation or regional resection of the temporal bone combined with radio- and chemo-therapy were applied for treatment of 6 cases; 2 cases of which are still surviving over the period of 5 yr after the treatments.
Multiple cranial nerve paralysis; A case of multiple cranial nerve paralysis in a 48-yr-old male patient is reported. The patient suffered peripheral facial palsy of the right side which was followed by a complicated manifestation of progressive clinical symptoms. The patient diet 5 mth later. There was no abnormal finding in the examination of the cerebrospinal fluid nor in the X-ray examination of the chest; final diagnosis was clinically undetermined. However, the postmortem examination showed metastasis of the primaru lung cancer to the pia-arachnoid of the brain forming a silent phase of small cell anaplastic carcinoma. The final diagnosis was considered as diffuse metastatic leptomeningeal carcinoma.
Clinical consequences of corticectomies involving the supplementary motor area in man; Three patients with well-mapped, circumscribed ablations of the medial part of the frontal lobe are reported. A specific clinical evolution in 3 stages was observed: post-operatively there was global akinesia, more prominent contralaterally, with an arrest of speech; recovery occurred suddenly but even then there was severe reduction of spontaneous motor activity contralaterally, an emotional type facial palsy and a reduction of spontaneous speech; long after the operation the only sequela was disturbance of the alternating movements of the hands. The anatomical basis of these disorders appears to be a lesion of the supplementary motor area (SMA). Three main points have been discussed, namely: the nature of the motor disorder which may be a disturbance of the function of the SMA in initiating and sustaining spontaneous and automatic motor activity; the nature of the arrest of speech which appears not to be aphasic; the studies reported in the present paper do not support a left cerebral dominance for the SMA as suggested by previous studies; the method of clinical examination appears to be important in distinguishing between spontaneous and voluntary motor and speech performance. Differences in method may account for differences between our findings and those reported in previous studies.
Facial nerve neuroma (3 cases); Three cases of facial nerve neuroma which orginated from the vertical portion of the facial nerve are reported. All three cases complained of facial nerve spasm followed by facial nerve palsy. In making a diagnosis of the facial nerve tumor, it is essential to note the presence of isolated twitching in orbicularis oris muscle and slowly progressive facial nerve weakness which follows facial spasm. Particularly when no abnormalities are found through various examinations inclusive of polytomography, the presence of facial nerve neuroma should be suspected; a careful follow-up should be performed.
Bilateral facial palsy. A rare presentation of infectious mononucleosis; Infectious mononucleosis (IM) is a common systemic illness primarily involving children and young adults and due apparently to the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV). Although the typical case is easily recognized, unusual manifestations or serious complications occur frequently enough to pose problems in diagnosis and management. Neurologic complications are rare (1%) - these include meningoencephalitis, infectious polyneuritis (Guillain-Barre-Strohl syndrome) and mononeuritis. These complications may actually precede the full clinical picture or present as the sole manifestation of the illness, thereby causing a confusing clinical picture and delay in diagnosis. The described case illustrates how IM can present only as bilateral facial palsy without any other neurologic signs or symptoms.
Eosinophilic meningitis; Eosinophilic meningitis, also named human nervous angiostrongyliasis, results from the infestation of the Nervous System by larvae of Angyostrongylus Cantonensis realizing there a parasitic deadlock. The Authors studied 54 patients whose main complaints were severe and lasting headache, and paresthesias. A meningitic syndrome is not always encountered and a facial paralysis of the lower motor neuron type has been noted in a few patients. Study of the Cerebrospinal fluid shows pleiocytosis with a variable percentage of eosinophiles. Complete recovery is usual after a couple of weeks and the prognosis can be given as excellent despite the fact that no specific therapy is known at the present time.
Melkersson Rosenthal's syndrome: stabilization by streptococcal desensitization; A case of typical Melkersson-Rosenthal disease is reported with regard to the clinical features and the course. A streptococcal allergy was proved by cutaneous tests and specific desensitization achieved a stabilization. With regard to this case there is a review of the aetiology, the pathogenetic hypotheses and the therapeutic possibilities proposed for the avoidance of recurrences and sequels.
Successful surgical treatment of intracranial mycotic aneurysm with brain abscess. Report of a case; A curative case of intracranial myotic aneurysm with brain abscess, which occurred as a complication of bacterial endocarditis, was reported. A 25-year old female with a congenital supravalvular aortic stenosis was admitted to another hospital because of severe headache, vomiting and convulsion on Nov. 5, 1976. Right carotid angiography revealed a dumbbell shaped aneurysmal shadow at the distal portion of middle cerebral artery. Occlusion of major branches were also seen in the middle cerebral artery. She was referred to Tohoku University Hospital on Nov. 19, 1976. On admission she was retarded in her consciousness and neurological examination disclosed nuchal rigidity and right hemiparesis with central facial palsy. Funduscopic examination revealed bilateral papilledema. On physical examination, cardiac murmur, cyanosis and clubbing of fingers were also noticed. Laboratory study showed severe normochromic anemia, elevated sedimentation rate and positive CRP. Blood culture showed beta- hemolytic streptococcus. Second right carotid angiography was performed on Nov. 19 and it showed that the aneurysm had increased in size over a period of 14 days and increased opacification of right middle cerebral artery. EMI scan revealed a high density area and a ring-like shadow. From the clinical symptoms, findings of angiogram and EMI scan, diagnosis of intracranial mycotic aneurysm and brain abscess were established. Treatment with massive antibiotics and gamma-globlin was begun and the next day she was afebrile and her general condition rapidly improved. The right frontotemporal craniotomy was performed and excision of aneurysm and total removal of abscess were carried out. Postoperative course was uneventful and she was discharged with only paresthetic sensation in her left hand.
Electroneurography in prognosis of intratemporal facial palsy, as compared to measurements of rheobase and chronaxy; Electroneuronography is compared to indirect chronaximetry in the prognosis of intratemporal facial palsies. In 86 patients, the 2 methods were found to be congruent and in a number of cases complementary in determining impending degeneration. Both techniques are described and their results evaluated statistically. The author's observations indicate that electroneuronography allows to some extent a quantitative evaluation by means of numeric parameters whereas the results of chronaximetry only give a qualitative account of nerve degeneration depending largely on the examiner's experience. Both methods, however, have a certain margin of failure and for more accurate diagnosis and prognosis simultaneous use of both methods is advocated.
Relapsing facial paralysis. Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. Clinical and etio-pathogenic study; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome must always be borne in mind when faced with a recurrent facial paralysis, even though the possibilities of treatment are limited. The case reported here is essentially that of a recurrent and alternating peripheral facial paralysis, but associated here with a particular muco-cutaneous syndrome, together suggesting the Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome. There are 9 references.
Dysphagia in pharyngeal paralysis treated by upper sphincterotomy; In this paper we present our experience with 32 cricomyotomies of the cricopharyngeal muscle in three groups of patients: the first consisting of patients with a pharyngeal dysphagia due to a neuromotor disorder, the second and larger one made up by patients who had undergone horizontal supraglotic laryngectomies and the third by those cases in which the myotomy was performed in the same surgical operation as the laryngectomy. In all of these, the results may be considered to be very good especially in those patients who previously had to undergo laryngeal surgery.
Arteriovenous fistula and paralysis of mandibular branch of facial nerve following direct wiring of a jaw fracture. Case report; The authors present a case in which interosseous wiring of the mandible resulted in an A-V fistula and an injury to the mandibular ramus of the facial nerve. These two complications can serve as a reminder to all who desire to use interosseous wiring in the treatment of mandibular fractures.
Management of 'cold' facial paralysis; The diagnosis of 'cold' peripheral facial paralysis is done by a process of elimination; it can only be made after having formally eliminated all other causes. Once the diagnosis is made, it poses essentially the problem of the prognosis for recovery. Fortunately, in the great majority of cases the progress is spontaneously favorable, hastened, however, by medical treatment, particularly by corticotherapy. Much more rarely, this facial paralysis is serious or even grave, and its recovery will be incomplete, leaving some formidable esthetic sequelae, like paralysis, but above all hypertonia, synkinesis or even hemispasm. It is for preventing or restricting as much as possible the sequelae of these grave forms that surgical decompression of the facial nerve may be proposed.
On the meningococcal meningitis; The present work aims to the evaluation of the etiological and clinico-epidemiological aspects of the purulent meningites, observed in a Division of Infectious Diseases in the period 1968-1973, and chiefly of their neuro-psychical outcomes. As regards the etiology of the purulent meningites, in the authors' case report the meningococcal forms are prevailing and they are followed by the so-called abacterial meningites. Moreover, the authors remark some preference of the D. pneumoniae meningitis towards the elderly people, whereas the meningitis forms caused by Enterobacteriaceae appear to be rare in the neonatal period. No meaningful differences have been remarked in autumn-winter and during the spring. At the clinical level, frequent atypical onsets of the disease have been remarked and they have been characterized by a shifty and attenuated pattern. Among 393 patients affected by purulent meningitis, 359 patients recovered (i.e., 91.30% of the total, whereas 34 patients died (8.70%). As regards the meningococcal meningitis, 175 subjects out of 242 have recovered quickly, whereas 53 patients have recovered in a delayed manner. In the range of the meningococcal meningitis, 14 deaths have been also surveyed. The general lethality has been low on the whole in the authors' own experience, with the exception of the pneumococcal purulent meningitis, which have exhibited on the contrary a high lethality. In relation to the neurological complications, generalized convulsions have been mainly observed, followed by cranial nerve palsy, monoparesis and hemiparesis, which have exibited a lesser incidence. The authors report as permanent outcomes facial palsy, monoparesis, hemiparesis, hidrocephalus, hypoacusia, deafness and epilepsy. In order to evaluate the long-term neuropsychical outcomes, the authors have carried out a particularly interesting neurological, psychological and electroencephalographic investigation, which has put into evidence on the whole a slight incidence of neuropsychical steady sequelae, chiefly characterized by the so-called transitional syndrome.
Prednisone in idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy); 76 patients with severe Bell's palsy were treated for a short period with high doses of prednisone (60 mg for 4 days and from the 5th day on the dose was reduced every day by 5 mg). The treatment was started within the 1st week of onset. The onset, the course and the recovery of the paralysis were carefully evaluated. The facial recovery is presented in such way as to make possible comparison with other series of recovery after Bell's palsy.
Preoperative facial paralysis in malignant parotid tumours; Preoperative paralysis of the facial nerve was found in 145 of 1,029 patients with malignant parotid tumours (14%) treated at nine university clinics in Scandinavia. The incidence of facial paralysis varied between the different clinics. A parallelism between the incidence of the facial paralysis and the impairment of the prognosis of the different tumour types is shown. The presence of preoperative facial nerve paralysis in malignant parotid tumours implies a very poor prognosis but the situation is not as hopeless as has been suggested and therefore one must rely on very radical surgery.
Activities of the pain clinic of Hiroshima University Hospital from 1967 to 1977; From 1967 to 1977 a total of 2144 patients consulted a Pain Clinic. In these patients, facial spasm accounted for 344, trigeminal neuralgia 313, facial pain and headache 244, pain of the upper extremities and shoulder 198, lumbo-sacral pain 195, cancer pain 194, and facial palsy 188. Patients with facial spasm were treated with physical facial nerve block, and patients with trigeminal neuralgia were given branch block with 0.5 ml ofpure alcohol or Gasserian ganglion block. Patients with facial pain and headache were subjected to ipsilateral stellate ganglion block with 8 ml of 1% mepivacaine, single or continuous cervical epidural block with 5-8 ml of 1-2% mepivacaine, total cerebro-spinal block with 20-30 me of 1.5% mepivacaine, or EAP (electric acupuncture). Lumbo-sacral pain was managed with single or continuous lumbo-sacral epidural block with 5-8 ml of 1-2% mepivacaine. For patients with pain of the upper extremities and shoulder ipsilateral stellate ganglion block, suprascapular nerve block with 8 ml of 1% mepivacaine, single or continuous cervical epidural block, or EAP was provided. For cancer pain, continuous epidural block or intra-thecal permanent block with 0.2-0.3 ml of 10-15% phenol in glycerin was given. Patients with facial palsy were subjected to ipsilateral stellate ganglion block. Of these, 198 patients were hospitalized and subjected to nerve block.
Free muscle grafts for 6 cases of facial palsy: Thompson's methods and their evaluation; Using Thompson's methods, free muscle grafts were performed on 6 cases of facial palsy. Those cases were followed up from 10 months to 18 months after operation. The effects of the grafts were analyzed as to the eyelid movement and mouth deviation. Some showed good eyelid movement and considerable improvement of deviated mouth, but this improvement was nullified when patients smiled. Thus it appears that other devices should be considered.
A new nasal tunnel in the correction of paralytic lagophthalmos with free muscle grafts; A modified method is described for the construction of a tunnel through the nasal bones in order to accomodate the tendon in Thompson's muscle grafting technique for the treatment of paralytic lagophthalmos.
Electrostimulation and stimulative EMG in a comprehensive treatment of facial nerve neuritis with a rheographic control; The author treated 60 patients with facial nerve neuritis with the aid of a 'Bion' apparatus. For control over the changes seen due to the use of electrostimulation, stimulational EMG was used with the registration of a rheogram of the mimical muscles. The following data were obtained: a shortening of the latent period of the facial nerve in an electrostimulation was an objective criterion permitting to control the restitution of the damaged neuro-muscular face structures. Under the effect of treatment there was also an improvement in the bioelectrical activity of the superciliary muscle and an increase in the amplitude of the rheographical wave. In most cases (53 patients) there was a recovery, in 6- a significant improvement. In 1 case the state was not altered.
Nasal obstruction from facial palsy; Nasal obstruction due to a collapsed nasal ala occurred in 2% of a group of patients with facial paralysis. The denervated dilator nasal muscles allow the ala on the paralyzed side to collapse leading to increased resistance to inspiration. This symptom was further aggravated by preexisting external and nasoseptal obstructing deformities. Nasal obstruction from facial paralysis was corrected with septorhinoplasty techniques in three patients and by lateralization of the ala with a facial sling in another.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma of the temporal bone in a child of 21 months; The authors report the case of a rhabdomyosarcoma of embryonal type affecting the middle ear of a child aged 21 months. The clinical features, physiopathology and treatment of this condition are outlined. Special emphasis is given to the prime place of chemotherapy in the treatment, and the various protocols found in the literature are listed.
Cystic lymphangioma with enlarged tongue: a case report; Over the past 4 yr the authors had under their care a boy, 8 yr old at the time of writing, with a remarkably extensive lesion. Because of the massive tongue involvement at birth, the child had undergone an immediate tracheotomy and subsequently had undergone 2 partial neck resections of the lesion. Surgical trauma to the facial nerve at the second resection had caused a complete peripheral facial paralysis on the left side.
An index for paresis and defective healing, an easily applied method for objectively determining therapeutic results in facial paresis; Residuals of facial paralysis consist of a great variety of cosmetic and functional anomalies which differ in quality and/or quantity. An internationally standardized evaluation of such defects is mandatory for the assessment of the results of different therapeutic procedures. In the present study, a system has been developed to record the results of facial paralysis following therapy. Such a system does not require specialized training, instrumentation or require significant time for completion. A clearly-defined 'Yes-No' evaluation criteria is established which creates a high interscorer reliability. The usefulness of this scoring system was tested by three examiners on 42 patients following facial nerve surgery, with an obtained interscorer reliability of 93%.
Facial palsy in benign tumours of the parotid gland; Facial paralysis caused by benign parotid gland disease in 2 patients is reported. In one patient there was an acute parotid inflammation and a parotid cyst to the medial wall of which the facial nerve was adherent. In the other patient the paralysis was assumed to be due to the toxic effects of a necrotizing lymph node which was adherent to the nerve.
A malignant tumor of the parotid gland with metastasis into the cervical vertebra; A man, aged 66, suffered a malignant tumor of the parotid gland. Backache, pains in the arms and the elbows were the first manifestation of the symptoms and the parotid gland swelling appeared 3 months thereafter. This was followed by a facial nerve paralysis 20 days later. Tc(99m) and 67Ga-scannings were applied to the whole body. The parotid tumor was hypoactive to Tc(99m) and hyperactive towards 67Ga; these appear to be the most characteristic findings in the case of malignant tumors. There were, however, abnormal accumulations of Tc(99m) and 67Ga in the metastasis of the cervical vertebra. Histologic examination revealed the growth to be an adenocarcinoma. The patient was treated by administration of anticancer drug therapy and irradiation but he died a year later from metastatic pulmonary involvements.
Incidence, prognosis and treatment of salivary gland tumours; The incidence, location, prognosis and treatment of the different types of salivary gland tumors are discussed on the basis of the author's material comprising about 3,000 salivary gland tumors.
Possibilities of transfacial microanastomoses in the treatment of peripheral facial paralysis; Microscopic trans-facial or facio-facial anastomosis is a technique that is promising in the treatment of peripheral facial paralyses - even old ones considered as incurable by other therapeutic measures. Its principal advantage is that it is a very fine approach to the physiological function of the facial nerve. Obviously it calls for familiarity with surgery under the microscope. It must be emphasized that it is not a risky method and in no way mortgages the future, because, in case of failure, muscular transplantation or cosmetic cutaneous surgery is still possible. The author considers that its indications will become wider in the future.
Results of treatment in peripheral facial paralysis. A 25 year study; During the last 25 years, 561 patients with peripheral facial paralysis have been studied. The results are reported.
Prognosis of seventh nerve palsy following removal of large acoustic tumors; The authors' experience leads them to believe that if the 7th nerve is anatomically intact after removal of a cerebellopontine angle tumor, facial motor recovery is to be expected, even in the presence of a complete facial palsy postoperatively. One may, however, have to wait as long as 12 mth for clinical signs of recovery. Recovery is likely to be better than that provided by anastomosis from another cranial nerve. The authors would recommend, therefore, that under these circumstances, at least 1 yr be allowed for spontaneous recovery. If some cosmetic procedure is required, perhaps a plastic operation rather than nerve anastomosis would be preferred.
Electrodiagnostic study in delayed facial palsy after closed head injury; The time course of electrical reactions in this condition varied much from that after section of the facial nerve or after Bell's palsy. It was at least a wk before denervation could be suspected in the latter conditions by electrodiagnostic methods. In posttraumatic delayed facial palsy the authors have demonstrated electrical reactions showing denervation at the time of palsy or even a few days before, and this is probably related to its pathogenesis. Denervation occurred in 82% of cases which is about double the incidence in Bell's palsy.
Tuberculosis of the middle ear; Two cases of tubercular otitis media are reported. These cases were treated by ordinary means for chronic purulent otitis media for a period over a year without any improvement. Case one was a woman, aged 65, who complained of impaired hearing in both ears, otorrhea, vertigo and right facial palsy. Operative procedure on the affected ear showed a tumor-like or tubercular appearance of the tympanic mucoperiosteum. Histological examination of the removed specimen revealed a typical tubercular lesion. Case two was a woman, aged 31, found to be affected with lung tuberculosis and a chronic purulent otitis media with narrowing of the right ear canal. A bacterial examination of the otorrhea revealed positive findings of tubercular bacilli. Both cases were treated by anti-tuberculosis measures by use of streptomycin, PAS and INAH, and with topical application of streptomycin in the ear. Within a month after these treatments the ear discharge was gradually reduced and became much clearer in its content.
Treatment of Bell's palsy with cortisone preparations administered into the stylomastoid foramen; The authors discuss some problems connected with the aetiology and pathogenesis of Bell's palsy. Attention is called to conservative treatment of the palsy with particular reference to administration of cortisone preparations injected into the stylomastoid foramen. Good results were obtained in 90% of 205 cases treated in this way. The method provides good results with small doses of the drug and can be used in outpatient practice.
Treatment of Bell's palsy with corticosteroids administered into the stylomastoid foramen; The authors discuss some problems connected with the etiology and pathogenesis of Bell's palsy. Attention is called to conservative treatment of the palsy with particular reference to administration of cortisone preparations injected into the stylomastoid foramen. Good results were obtained in 90% of 205 cases treated in this way. The method provides good results with small doses of the drug and can be used in outpatient practice.
Facial nerve dysfunction; Facial nerve dysfunction should be considered as a possible symptom of several underlying diseases which may involve the nerve from its origin near the brainstem to its periphery. Localisation of the site of facial nerve involvement can be made by careful clinical examination as well as by electrophysiological techniques. Specialised radiology is also helpful in revealing lesions within the temporal bone as well as lesions in the cerebellopontine angle. Apart from the common conditions affecting the facial nerve, the author discusses three important conditions, namely congenital cholesteatoma in the cerebellopontine angle or the petrous apex, facial nerve neuroma and meningioma. The author pleads for a careful study of the problem of facial dysfunction to enable the otolaryngologist to make the correct diagnosis and suggest appropriate therapy.
Otogenic labyrinthine complications. II. Diffuse otitis interna; In the time period from 1945 to 1974 250 patients were treated for diffuse otitis interna developing as a consequence of chronic otitis media. The material was analyzed and clinical manifestations, symptomatology, treatment and early and late therapeutic results are reported. Besides labyrinthine disturbances other coexistent complications were assessed: 37 cases of facial nerve damage, 80 cases of extralabyrinthine intracranial complications situated extradurally and subdurally (granulomas and extradural abscesses of the middle and posterior cranial fossa, suppurating sigmoid sinus thrombi, purulent meningitis, cerebral and cerebellar abscesses) and 68 cases of labyrinth mediated (complicated diffuse otitis interna) intracranial complications: extradural abscesses, purulent meningitis and cerebellar abscesses.
Para infectious cerebral nerve mononeuritis and mononeuritis multiplex: a selectively located type of para infectious, postvaccination, serogenetic neuritis; Arising from 18 of the author's own cases of parainfectious isolated, or multiple, cranial nerve neuritis, this localization type of an inflammatory reation of the peripheral nervous system is described. The causal relationship with the most varied types of infectious disease, but also with immunization or serum administration, is indicative of the pathogenetic role of an immunologic mechanism. Whether this concerns an immune complex disease, as is assumed in serogenetic polyneuritis, or a cell mediated immune response, as in the Guillain Barre syndrome, requires further investigation. Knowledge of this type of manifestation of 'cranial polyneuritis' is of clinical importance in order to avoid confusion with cranial nerve syndromes from other causes, and to avoid carrying out unnecessary diagnostic measures. (57 references are cited)
Adenoidcystic carcinoma (cylindroma) of the parotid gland; Adenoidcystic carcinoma (cylindroma) of the parotid gland is a slow-growing, relentless, and often lethal disease which kills usually by local occurrence and direct extension of the disease. The reported incidence of adenoidcystic carcinoma with reference to other malignant parotid tumors varies from 5% to 37%. The incidence in this series (14 cases; 1960-1970) is 36%. The presence of facial nerve involvement adversely affects the long-term survival. Some authors regard facial nerve involvement as an indication of noncurability. The incidence of local pain is reported to be as high as 50% and is thought to be caused by perineural invasion by the tumor. This is well-documented histopathologically. There is no uniform or standard treatment for this disorder. Extensive resection of the parotid gland (including the facial nerve if there is any indication of involvement), followed by external irradiation to the parotid area and upper neck is the most rational approach to the problem. This is supported both in the review of the literature and from the present series. A radical neck dissection is not included as part of initial therapy unless there are clinically suspicious cervical nodes. Postoperative radiotherapy appears indicated in all cases of adenoidcystic carcinoma of the parotid gland. Four case histories are presented which demonstrate the hallmark characteristics of the disease, i.e., multiple cranial nerve deficits, facial pain and subsequent death by direct intracranial extension of disease. The protracted, relentless course of the disease is well-documented in 1 case in which 25 local recurrences developed over an 18 yr period.
A Bell"s palsy of long standing, and its rehabilitation. An electromyographic documentation. (author's transl); We examined a 31 year-old female patient who, since her first year of life and following a parotis operation, had suffered from left-sided Bell's palsy. The electromyographical examinations disclosed a complete loss of voluntary muscle control and of the trigemino-facial reflexes, although the direct responses of the facial nerve could be demonstrated with delayed latences. The findings indicated peripheral regeneration of the facial nerve with absence of central programming and reflex pathways. By means of rhythmic muscle stimulation, voluntary control and reflex excitability was re-established, to a limited extent, on the formerly inactive side within a short space of time.
Traumatic facial paralysis caused by a fracture of the petrous part of the temporal bone. (With reference to 47 cases observed over 4 years); Between 1971 and 1975, 47 cases of traumatic facial paralysis were observed (3.7% of the patients admitted for skull traumatism). Facial paralysis was more frequent in cases of traumatism with loss of consciousness (4.3%) than without (2.3%). In 17 cases there was no line of fracture; in 12 cases there was only a fracture of the squamous part of the temporal bone without any clear radiation towards the petrous pyramid. In only 18 cases was there a fracture of the petrous part of the temporal bone. Peroperative observations sometimes contradicted radiological data by revealing fractures which did not show up on Xray films. Of the 26 cases of immediate facial paralysis, 9 presented rapid regression within the first 15 days and 17 underwent operation. The lesion of the facial nerve observed at operation was: in 7 cases a contusion, in 7 cases compression, in 3 cases section. Of the 21 cases of secondary facial paralysis, 15 soon showed spontaneous recovery and 6 underwent operation. Observations at operation were: in 5 cases a contusion, in 1 case compression caused by a fracture which did not show up on Xray film. The results of operation were on the whole very satisfactory in the cases of simple contusion. They were regular but often incomplete in the cases of compression. As for surgical repairs of section of the facial nerve by means of microscopic procedures, this is still rather risky and the therapeutic results are often disappointing (2 failures out of every 3).
Transtympanic facial nerve paralysis; The case of transtympanic facial nerve paralysis has been presented with a review of the literature. A high index of suspicion plus a careful examination of the external auditory canal after removal of blood clots will help to make the diagnosis. Polytomography (hypocycloidal laminography) may be helpful in localizing a foreign body or temporal bone fracture. Prompt exploration, decompression, anastomosis or nerve grafting may be indicated in acute complete traumatic facial nerve paralysis. Partially delayed facial nerve paralysis should be followed by daily facial nerve conductivity studies, and most often will recover spontaneously.
Postparalytic spasm of the face. Neurophysiological study of 17 cases; An electromyographic exploration was carried out on 17 cases of peripheral facial paralysis with signs of post-paralytic spasms. The results obtained were analysed. The study of the trigeminal-facial reflex arc and the stimulation of the facial nerve were evaluated as plain exponents of the error of reinnervation and of the contralateral reinnervation.
Extraocular muscle surgery in the presence of complete paralysis of the 5th, 6th and 7th cranial nerves; A nine year old boy developed paralytic left esotropia secondary to an intracranial lesion. He also exhibited total loss of function of the left fifth and seventh cranial nerves. Extraocular muscle surgery in this situation was felt to be dangerous to the operated eye. The degree of risk however could not be determined from published reports. Surgery was performed and was complicated by severe corneal ulceration. Use of a therapeutic contact lens presumedly helped in finally achieving a satisfactory result.
Leukemic affections in the ENT region; In acute leukemia, otological and otoneurological symptoms are frequently observed. In addition, patients with chronic lymphedema of the upper respiratory tract may have leukemic infiltration of the mucous membranes. Examples are given of the symptoms produced by leukemic infiltation of the various anatomical regions. Therapy is discussed from an interdisciplinary point of view. The first symptoms often occur in the ENT region and the author provides evidence from his own observations of symptoms such as acute otitis media, facial pareses, and acute dyspnea due to leucotic tonsillar hyperplasia or due to laryngeal infiltration. (12 references).
Orofacial problems associated with bilateral seventh cranial nerve palsy: report of case.; Treatment of a patient with a bilateral facial nerve palsy consisted of extractions, construction of maxillary and mandibular complete dentures and, finally, the modification of the mandibular denture to assist in the support of the lower lip. Gratifying esthetic, physiologic, and psychological results were obtained.
Shifting of jugular bone in its hypoplasia following facial nerve palsy (Polish); The authors describe a method of plastic operation applied in unilateral facial hypoplasia following facial nerve palsy. The disturbed symmetry of the face was corrected by separating the hypoplastic malar bone with a chisel and shifting it anteriorly. At the same time the sagging angle of the mouth was drawn up by means of a bundle of fibers and temporal muscle fascia. The operation improved greatly the appearance of the patient.
Facial nerve injury. A short review; Despite considerable advances in technique, experience and skill, the precise place of surgery in the treatment of facial nerve injury remains uncertain. The mechanism of delayed facial palsy is not yet clear, and there is still debate about the value of tests for early evidence of denervation. Recent literature has been reviewed.
Particular clinical forms of viral otitis in children (Rumanian); Five cases of viral otitis in children, between the ages of 17 months and 13 years, complicated with peripheral facial paresis and adenitis of the upper parotid lymph node, and giving rise to diagnostic confusion and an inadequate treatment, are reported. The authors discuss the clinical and anatomic aspects, etiological diagnosis and therapeutical approach that led to recovery.
A removable oral prosthetic appliance for Bell's palsy: report of case.; An intra-extraoral removable prosthetic appliance permitted the patient, a victim of Bell's palsy, to carry on daily activities with a minimum of facial distortion, pain, speech difficulty, and emotional trauma. Perhaps thousands of other victims of Bell's palsy and strokes would benefit from such a device.
Combined approach surgery for removal of glomus jugulare tumors.; The ideal surgical treatment for glomus jugulare tumors is total removal. Efforts have been made periodically to accomplish this since shortly after this tumor was first identified in the early 1940's. This paper describes a method of removal using a combined approach through the neck and temporal bone, preceded by a course of preoperative irradiation therapy. The early results that have been obtained using this procedure in 10 patients are reported.
Polyneuropathies as a diagnostic and therapeutic task; Despite their variety the syndromes of peripheral neuropathy are variations of just one subject. The most different lesions might be their cause. Therefore, one should not be satisfied with the diagnosis peripheral neuropathy, but should always try to clarify the etiology. Form and extension of the disturbances give essential hints. As far as possible, therapy should be directed against the respective causes. For several types of neuropathy prevention is possible. Symptomatic treatment is also important and in many cases even essential for survival.
Surgical and nonsurgical management of facial paralysis following closed head injury.; The outcomes of facial nerve decompression, surgical exploration, and nonsurgical treatment for facial paralysis following closed head injury were analyzed in 30 patients with an intact facial nerve, and complete evaluation. Objective evaluation of outcome was achieved by calculation of a Facial Paralysis Recovery Profile and Recovery Index (Profile minus complications). Twelve of 15 patients with incomplete facial paralysis were treated medically. All followed patients with incomplete paralysis and bilaterally equal facial nerve excitability had a Recovery Index of + 10 (complete recovery of function, no complications). Three with partial denervation had a Recovery Profile of + 10 with mild contracture and synkinesis. The average Recovery Profiles for all patients treated by decompression, exploration, or nonsurgically were respectively 4.0, 5.7, and 5.7. The Recovery Indices were +1.8, +3, and +2.7, respectively. Where nerve excitability had become abnormal, facial nerve decompression was of no benefit in traumatic facial paralysis due to closed head injury. Nerve excitability tests of peripheral branches are of great value for prognosis and selection of patients who do not need surgical intervention. Substitution of facial nerve exploration for facial nerve decompression seems reasonable. Polytomography of the facial canal is invaluable in selection of patients for operation.
The clinical features of tick bite; The clinical features of bites by the Australian scrub thick, Ixodes holocyclus, are reviewed. Eight cases of tick bite are summarized, including six new cases of tick paralysis in children. In almost all cases neuroparalysis became worse transiently, after the tick had been removed. One child with life-threatening respiratory and bulbar palsy received canine antitick antivenene, with rapid reversal of clinical signs. The differential diagnosis of tick bite includes all acute childhood diseases which can affect the motor units; the importance of including the possibility of tick envenomation in the differential diagnosis of acute weakness or paralysis in children is illustrated. The clinical features of neuromuscular paralysis are described, together with a review of the tick's local effects at the bite site.
Surgical treatment of vertigo; The 5 yr follow up results obtained by the surgical treatment of 90 patients suffering from Meniere's disease are presented. Saccotomy with myo synangiosis was carried out in presence of a reversible Meniere's disease (fluctuant hearing loss with normal hearing in the intervals of the disease). The operation, which is easy to perform, relieved 50% of the patients from their symptoms and carried the risk of total deafness in 4% of the cases. Vestibular neurectomy was the operation of choice for the irreversible stage of the disease when hearing was still useful. The operation, which requires special oto neurosurgical training, relieved the patients from episodic vertigo in 94% of the cases, preserved hearing in 80%, reduced tinnitus and pressure in the ear in 66% and 63% respectively of the cases, carried the risk of deafness in 4%, of delayed but reversible facial palsy in 3%. Vestibular neurectomy was followed by difficulties in compensating the postoperative unilateral loss of vestibular function if poor motivation for reintegration into normal activity or central vestibular dysfunction were present. Cochleo vestibular neurectomy was carried out in patients with a total loss of hearing. The operation, which requires a good knowledge of temporal bone anatomy, eliminated vertigo in 94%, reduced tinnitus in 75% of the cases, and carried the risk of C.S.F. leak in 3% of the cases.
A case of malignant lymphoma in the spinal epidural space terminating in the acute myelogenous leukemia (Japanese); A case of malignant lymphoma in the spinal epidural space terminating in acute myelogenous leukemia was reported, and the relationship between the two diseases is discussed. The patient, a 23 yr old man, was admitted because of muscular deterioration of the left extremities and sensory disturbance at the level of C6/T1 and L5/S2. Left Horner's symptom and left peripheral facial palsy were noted at the time of hospitalization. Myelography revealed the compression of the spinal cord from the left to the right at the level of C6/T1 and S1/S2. There was no abnormality in the peripheral blood until 5 days after cervical laminectomy when peripheral leukocyte count was suddenly increased, immature cells were discovered, and the patient terminated in acute myelogenous leukemia in 5 mth. Histologically, cervical epidural tumor was highly cellular, the neoplastic tissue being composed of ill bordered dark cells with narrow cytoplasm and round or oval, and often indented dark nuclei. Fine reticular network was found among neoplastic cells on preparation of silver impregnation. The autopsy revealed marked infiltration of leukemic cells in the brain and spinal cord, especially in the perivascular and subarachnoid spaces. Bone marrow showed hyperplasia with numerous leukemic cells. There was no leukemic infiltration in the nerve roots and dura mater in the spinal region. There was mild pathogenic cell infiltration in lymph nodes, spleen, adrenal glands, lung, testis, and intestinal mucosa. The possibility of the presence of a common stem cell which might form the malignant lymphoma and myelogenous leukemia is discussed in relation to this case.
Reticulum cell sarcoma of the parotid gland, a case report (Japanese); A patient, a 65 year old male affected with reticulum cell sarcoma of the right parotid gland, is reported. Three months ago the patient felt a pain in the infra auricular region which was slightly swollen; the swelling gradually increased in size. Elsewhere, the patient underwent a biopsy of the growth with no specific diagnosis. Thereafter, the growth suddenly increased in size and the patient developed a facial palsy. On admission the tumor had grown to the size of a fist, hard to the touch and fixed to the surrounding tissues. Sialogram indicated malignancy of the right parotid gland. Seven days after the admission a total parotidectomy was performed on the patient. The patient complained of headache and fever; finally he lost consciousness. The patient died 7 days after the operation. The laboratory examinations at this time showed leukocytosis, high level of blood urea nitrogen and LDH and atypical reticulum cells in the peripheral and bone marks. Generally the diagnosis of primary reticulum sarcoma of the parotid gland before treatment is extremely difficult to make.
Recurrent benign mixed tumor and the facial nerve; In surgical treatment of patients with recurrent benign mixed tumor, the surgeon strives to preserve the facial nerve. If there is inadvertent nerve injury, immediate repair is the treatment of choice. The authors report two patients with recurrent benign mixed tumor in whom the facial nerve was deliberately sacrificed. Repair of the nerve was accomplished by nerve grafts. Gross and microscopic tissue examination are presented in each instance, supporting the concept of en bloc removal of tumor and nerve. Such a surgical procedure is reserved only for a highly selected group of patients.
Facial paralysis, early diagnosis and treatment by physiotherapy; The problems of facial paralysis are considered and the most frequent etiologies and the clinical treatment are discussed. The electromyographic study of frontal muscle, orbicular of the eyelids and orbicular of the lips of both hemifaces is brought out as a diagnostic method and the system used is described. Finally the plan of rehabilitative treatment of this paralysis is laid out.
Free gracilis muscle transplantation, with microneurovascular anastomoses for the treatment of facial paralysis: a preliminary report; A clinical operative technique for free muscle transplantation by microneurovascular anastomosis is presented. Two cases of free transfer of the gracilis muscle for dynamic reconstruction of facial paralysis are described, including a follow up study with electromyography, light microscopy, and electron microscopy. The authors feel this new technique will have a wide range of application in reconstructive surgery.
Malignant fibrous xanthoma with metastasis to cerebellopontine angle; Malignant fibrous xanthoma is an uncommon tumor of histiocytic origin. It is a difficult tumor to diagnose, and may have an unpredictable and confusing clinical course. The malignant fibrous xanthoma described herein probably represents the first reported case of metastasis to the cerebellopontine angle. When properly diagnosed, the preferred treatment is wide excision. Metastases are usually to the lungs and regional lymph nodes, and portend a poor prognosis. Radiotherapy appears to be of little value.
Migratory myasis revealed by intra cerebral hematoma in a seven year old child; A seven year old child with a sudden onset left facial paralysis of supranuclear type, associated with left arm monoplegia, is described. E.E.G., brain scan and carotid arteriography reveal a tumoral pattern in the right temporo frontal region. Surgery disclosed a right frontal hematoma with a parasitic clump in its wall, leading to the identification of a grade II Hypoderma bovis maggot. This is the third reported case of intracerebral myiasis and emphasis must be given to its very unusual location and biological diagnosis.
Muscular neurotization in the field of reconstructive surgery; Attention is drawn in a short historical review to muscular neurotization, a surgical procedure described at the turn of the century. This term is applied to the reinnervation of paralyzed muscles by the proliferation of collateral neural axons arising in an adjacent muscle possessing normal function. The physiological basis for this procedure was expounded by eminent muscle physiologists following extensive research. The present experimental investigations on 20 Vietnamese pigs demonstrated that a defective anal sphincter muscle could be rectified by a muscle graft. This spindle shaped muscle graft became incorporated into the anal and rectosphincteric reflex mechanism by muscular neurotization. Complete or even parts of muscles with parallel fibres are better suited for transplantation purposes than entire spindle shaped or feather like muscles. Once the edge of the muscle has been reached by the proliferating axons all the cells can be simultaneously supplied with motor end plates in the case of muscles with parallel fibres. On the other hand, the use of spindle shaped or feather like muscles with a diagonal arrangement of the fibres entails axon proliferation over relatively large distances to achieve reinnervation of the more distal parts of the muscle with an attendant prolongation of the reinnervation procedure and, frequently, partial loss of muscle viability. In another experiment on Vietnamese pigs the total anal sphincter was excised and replaced by the denervated, but vascular semitendinosus muscle of the right hind limb. When transposed to the pelvic floor musculature the denervated muscle becomes adequately reinnervated by muscular neurotization and at the same time adopts all the properties typical of a sphincteric muscle. The newly formed sphincter displays changes in its enzyme pattern and becomes capable of continuous tonus; the spinal reflex arc is set up and the transplanted muscle develops characteristic metabolic and contractile properties. In another experimental series the reinnervation of paralyzed extraocular muscles by muscular neurotization was investigated in 10 rabbits. The denervated but still vascular inferior oblique muscle was successfully grafted onto the inferior rectus muscle, with obvious clinical application in future. The clinical application of muscular neurotization in surgical reconstruction is demonstrated in 4 cases, the first being one of facial palsy and the second one of blepharoptosis, whilst muscular neurotization was used in the two last cases to treat anal incontinence due to partial destruction and absence of the sphincter, respectively. In the one case a muscle graft was taken to reconstruct the anal sphincter and in the other case a new sphincter was reconstructed by transposing the denervated gracilis muscle onto the pelvic floor muscle. Both cases were eminently successful with restoration of anal continence and the rectosphincteric reflex mechanisms.
Post paralytic prandial weeping (syndrome of crocodile tears). Its relationship with the syndrome of the auriculo temporal nerve; On the one hand, the authors report a case of traumatic peripheral facial paralysis complicated by a paroxysmal homolateral weeping (syndrome of crocodile tears), and, on the other hand, the observation of a syndrome of the auriculo temporal nerve resulting from an operated purulent parotitis. The etiological conditions of the appearance of these two syndromes are in accordance with their usual description.
The Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome: clinical features, nosology and treatment; The term 'Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome' was coined by the Basel otologist Erich Luscher in 1949. This syndrome bears the names of the Swedish neurologist Ernst Melkersson of Goteborg and of the German neurologist Curt Rosenthal of Breslau. Melkersson (1898-1932) died at the outset of his life work 4 weeks after his promotion to the position of lecturer, the cause of his death being a septic infection. Melkersson regarded the syndrome of periodic paralyses of the facial muscles in connection with 'angioneurotic' oedema attacks in the lips as a peculiar combination of symptoms. Rosenthal (1892-1937) a Schleswigean doctor, was the victim in Paris of a traffic accident while on his way to London for the 'Emergency Association of German Scientists Abroad'. He described this syndrome in more detail and pointed out the arthritic symptoms, the varying nervous manifestations and the lingua plicata (which now has lost its diagnostic value). This review article not too lengthy, but factual, as far as is possible in this still uncomprehended syndrome, describes the formerly confusing nomenclature, its signs and symptoms, the manifestations or the skin and its neurologic aspects (cranial nerves, peripheral nerves and central nervous system). The differential diagnosis is discussed in brief as are the changes in the EEG and the psychopathologic phenomena. As regards the neuropathology, only one case has been described which included an autopsy of the brain. The neurovegetative pathophysiology of the M.R. syndrome is given much attention to, while the treatment is discussed as well. This is a useful review; 35 references are cited. d
Prognosis in Bell's palsy; This is a concluding report of a study in which only patients with Bell's palsy initially seen within ten days of onset are included. The purposes are to observe the natural course of the disorder and to illustrate electromyographic (EMG) criteria by which early forecast of recovery is possible. Appraisals of facial muscle strength, nerve stimulation responses and electromyographic needle electrode examinations correlated with the time required for recovery and the relative degree of recovery of patients with Bell's palsy. Three categories of recovery are evident. Of 90 patients, 79% recovered completely within two months (class I), 7% recovered adequately within two to six months (class II) and 14% required longer than six months (class III). Using clinical and electromyographic methods it should be possible to forecast recovery within three days after onset in order to preselect patients in need of any proposed curative treatment program designed to salvage the facial nerve. For prognosis in patients without clinically detectable facial muscle function, the data suggest that they be evaluated on a daily basis from onset until day 4 (past 72 hours). Finding that residual motor unit potentials are sustained in four to five muscles during that period strongly indicates a favorable outcome. Finding activity in two to three muscles could be less favorable and finding zero to one muscle with activity is clearly unfavorable. During this period of time there is a tendency for progressive loss of EMG activity in the facial muscles, both in patients with favorable and with less favorable outcomes.
Massive acquired cholesteatoma of the temporal bone; Nine patients with massive acquired cholesteatoma of the temporal bone were treated by radical mastoidectomy, facial nerve decompression, and excision of the inner ear. The commonest presenting symptoms were otorrhoea and deafness but otalgia, vertigo, external swelling and facial nerve palsies were also seen. Polytomography was helpful in assessing the degree of bone erosion preoperatively. The large cavity present following cholesteatoma excision was partially obliterated by a superiorly based temporalis muscle pedicle which helped to seal the internal auditory meatus and prevented the development of a cerebral hernia. Those patients with preoperative facial nerve palsies showed evidence of nerve degeneration and had incomplete recovery at a one year follow up.
Trigeminal zoster producing facial paralysis and postural hypotension; Postural hypotension is seen in endocrine and electrolyte disturbances such as adrenal insufficiency, hypopituitarism, diabetic ketosis, and salt depletion syndromes. The authors describe a case of facial paralysis and severe disabling postural hypotension following zoster infection of trigeminal ganglion.
Temporal bone histopathology of osteopetrosis; The temporal bone of an 8.5 yr old girl with osteopetrosis (Albers Schonberg disease) was studied to evaluate the pathogenesis of its frequent complications in hearing and facial nerve function. The patient was blind and had acute otitis media, but facial paralysis was not noted. Although the size of the temporal bone pyramid was markedly increased due to an enormously thickened periosteal layer, changes in the endosteal and endochondral layers were less marked. Exostotic growth of periosteal bone was seen in the middle ear wall, and the tympanic cavity appeared to be narrowed. At the oval window region, the facial nerve was pushed down towards the stapes due to extreme overgrowth of periosteal bone of the epitympanum, and the superstructure of the stapes was imbedded deeply into the dislocated facial nerve and had strongly compressed it. Although the footplate was free from ankylosis, the crus of the stapes appeared to be immobilized because it was lodged in the facial nerve. Such changes appeared to be the pathogenesis of one form of facial nerve paralysis and conductive hearing loss associated with osteopetrosis.
Ultrasound treatment of Meniere's disease: Long term follow up of 356 advanced cases; 12 yr experience of ultrasound treatment of 356 patients is presented. For evaluating the results a new multifacetted scoring system was developed, where each individual patient was evaluated on the basis of 4 parameters. According to this evaluation 71% of the patients improved after the operation, while 29% remained unchanged or deteriorated. Because of lack of improvement, 42 patients underwent reoperation by different methods; in half of them ultrasonic irradiation was again used. The hearing deteriorated in about 40% of the patients, to which result the long observation times also contributed. The caloric response became reduced in 70% of the patients. Marked depression of the caloric response characterized the patients who were relieved of vertigo. Transient facial paralysis in 4 patients was the only complication.
Intracranial extradural liposarcoma in the posterior fossa. A case report (Japanese); A liposarcoma, which originated in the left intraauricular area and infiltrated the posterior fossa, was seen in a 25 yr old housewife, who was admitted because of symptoms of intracranial hypertension. She showed left facial palsy and deviation of the tongue to the left without any cerebellar signs. Neurologic examinations suggested a mass lesion in the posterior fossa. Suboccipital craniectomy was performed and the tumor (4x4x3 cm) in the extradural space was partially removed. Microscopically the tumor consisted of lipoblasts and diagnosed as liposarcoma. Intracranial liposarcoma, whether primary or secondary are very rare tumors.
CSF findings in unilateral, bilateral and alternating facial nerve paresis; Etiology of idiopathic facial paralysis remains mostly unknown. Differentiated evaluation of CSF however for cytological or proteinic abnormalities should be performed with serological examinations. In 9 patients treated within 8 months in hospital diagnosis could be made by these procedures. Inflammation, if it is the cause of facial paralysis, can only reveal pleocytosis, if localised within or next to the leptomeninges; protein of CSF perhaps will increase, if local inflammation of the nerve is further from the subarachnoid space. 'Idiopathic facial paralysis' however will not exclude focal inflammation far from the subarachnoid space. Surgical decompression should not be performed without a previous examination of CSF because of its uncertain success.
Recurrent multiple cranial nerve palsy; The authors present seven cases of proven recurrent nerve palsy of the cranial nerves. The duration of the disease is between one and thirteen yr. The number of recurrencies is four per patient. The recurrencies are characterized by headache (in general retrocular) or hemicranial pain, several types of ophthalmoparesis, fifth nerve involvement, facial nerve paresis and, more seldom, eighth nerve and optic nerve paresis. It is interesting to point out than when the third cranial nerve is involved there is a dissociated paresis. All together, the data tend to show a lesion of the cavernous sinus. Many of the symptoms could be mistaken with painful ophthalmoplegia. The painful ophthalmoplegia and the multiple nerve cranial palsy could be part of the same clinical entity. The first one could represent a local form, the second one a multifocal form or an extension of the primary process behind the cavernous sinus.
The clinical features of sclerosteosis. A review of the manifestations in twenty five affected individuals; Sclerosteosis is a unique autosomal recessive condition in which skeletal overgrowth is associated with syndactyly, digital malformation and nail dysplasia. Analysis of the course and clinical features in 25 affected individuals showed that the condition is progressive and potentially lethal. Facial palsy and deafness are common complications and raised intracranial pressure may develop. The clinical and radiographic stigmata of sclerosteosis permit differentiation from the other disorders of the 'osteopetrosis' or 'Albers Schonberg disease' group, in which bony thickening and cranial nerve palsy occur.
Linear scleroderma, beginning with peripheric facial paralysis (Hungarian); A rare case of linear scleroderma beginning with peripheral facial paralysis is reported. The authors' observations point to both immuno allergic origin and origin in the nervous system. This rare disease with neural symptoms necessitated surgical exposure of the facial nerve and the performance of fractional PEG; and initially caused difficulties in diagnosis. However, these experiences are valuable contributions to medical knowledge of the causes leading to peripheric facial paresis.
Otitis and meningitis, associated with the cerebral metastases of a patient with breast cancer (Hungarian); The cerebral metastases of primary tumors often cause diagnostic difficulties. The frequency and the symptoms of the malignant tumors leading to cerebral metastases as well as the difficulties of their diagnosis are analysed. 6 months after surgical intervention, performed because of carcinoma of the mamma, facial paralysis on the right side, and 2 months later seropurulent otitis on the same side and meningitis developed, necessitating a surgical approach. Neurosurgical consultation could not unequivocally clear the presence of cerebral abscess or cerebral metastasis. The latter was verified only during the post mortem examination.
Rheumatic facial paralysis, as misleading diagnosis (Hungarian); The most frequent cause of peripheral facial paralysis is rheumatic (Bell's) paralysis. However, the diagnosis of this paralysis may be misleading, since in the background of the facial paralysis, sometimes not ischemia, but other morphological change may be hidden. Over 10 years the author has collected data revealing intratemporal involvement of the facial nerve in 18 patients, who were previously treated for 'Bell's palsy'. As the cause of the facial paralysis neurinoma of the facial nerve, in 5 patients, in 1 patient meningeoma psammomatosum of the facial nerve, and in 2 patients late metastasis of malignant mammary or salivary gland tumor, have been observed. In 6 cases intrapyramidal cholesteatoma, in 2, granulation of unknown origin, in 1 case diffuse hemangiomatosis and in 1 patient ectopic parotid tissue were found. Besides more perfect diagnostical possibilities, the importance of detailed and careful anamnesis is pointed out, since in the majority of cases, intact tympanic membrane was present. The justification of explorative decompression and if necessary its use on a broader scale, and with more courage, is advocated.
Transposition of the lips for correction of facial paralysis; The authors present a simple operation to correct the marked asymmetry of the lips and lower face resulting from facial paralysis caused by a wide variety of conditions.
Malignant external otitis in children; Malignant external otitis is a very serious variant of external ear infection. It is caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, affects elderly diabetic patients, and bears high mortality. The disease may occur in children in whom malnutrition and anemia create suitable conditions for P aeruginosa infection. The disease differs in children, it invades the middle ear and facial nerve in its intratemporal course. The treatment should consist of large doses of carbenicillin sodium and gentamicin sulfate, together with the thorough surgical debridement of all infected tissues.
Tolosa Hunt syndrome: one cause of painful ophthalmoplegia; The author reports 12 cases of Tolosa Hunt syndrome, a benign steroid resistant cryptogenic granuloma that presents as painful ophthalmoplegia. This syndrome is differentiated from other causes of painful ophthalmoplegia including tumors, aneurysms, collagen disease, specific infections, mucoceles, and benign granulomas of unknown etiology. These other conditions should be excluded by appropriate tests. Surgical exploration is not necessary if there is a prompt remission on steroid therapy.
A cured case of hypertensive intracerebellar hematoma (Japanese); A case of hypertensive intracerebellar hematoma which was surgically treated and cured, is reported. A 41 year old male had two cerebrovascular attacks with headaches and vomiting followed by left hemiparesis. Drowsiness and dysarthria appeared the next day. The patient was admitted to a hospital, where right facial palsy, loss of right gag reflex and paralytic hemiplegia on the left side were noted. On the 7 th day, the patient's consciousness became clear but the other neurological symptoms remained. On the 14th day, bradycardia and central hyperventilation appeared: the patient became drowsy again and was transferred to the authors' clinic. When the patient was admitted, he showed typical cerebellar signs such as nystagmus, ataxia, and slurring speech with pyramidal sign on the left side and cranial nerve paralysis on the right side, and also showed changes of vital signs as in a medullary syndrome in its late stages. Vertebral angiogram revealed an invasive process in the right cerebellar hemisphere. The old blood (30 g) was removed by suboccipital craniectomy. The hematoma cavity communicated with the IVth ventricle through a small perforation in the medial wall of the hematoma. Spontaneous intracerebellar hematoma, including of hypertensive origin, is not rare in autopsy reports but surgically treated cases have only rarely been reported. The main reason for the few survivals probably lies in the fulgurant course of this disease.
Corticosteroids in neurology (Dutch); A discussion is presented of the indications of treatment with preparations with corticoid effects in neurology, and the complications to which they may give rise.
The treatment of mixed parotid tumours by enucleation and radiotherapy; A series of mixed parotid tumours treated by simple enucleation and radiotherapy between 1962 and 1968 is discussed. There were 73 primary and 8 recurrent cases. Only 2 small recurrences occurred in the 73 primary cases, although 4 other patients were lost to follow up after 7 years or more. In the 8 recurrent cases, 7 had been treated elsewhere by enucleation alone, thus confirming the opinion that this operation is frequently unsuccessful. Treatment was by further local excision and radiotherapy and no recurrences have occurred. The view is therefore expressed that simple enucleation and radiotherapy is the treatment of choice in all primary mixed parotid tumours.
Suboccipital removal of acoustic neuromas. Results of 125 operations; The surgical results obtained in 125 patients with acoustic neuromas, using the suboccipital approach, are reported. These reults do not differ from those obtained in other neurosurgical materials, with the same distribution of tumor size, and the same surgical approach. The material consists of 20 medium size tumors, and 105 large. However, the results, regarding both mortality, postoperative facial paralysis as well as postoperative condition in general are unsatisfactory. A historical review of the development of the surgical treatment of acoustic neuromas is given, and the necessity of a closer neurosurgical otologic cooperation is stressed, both with regard to diagnosis of the neuromas as well as the surgical treatment.
Experiences in medicamentous dysphagia prophylaxis in geriatrics; In geriatric practice oropharyngeal dysphagia of neuromuscular origin is not rare. In its background, mostly cerebrovascular changes, bulbar paralysis, pseudobulbar paralysis or other such organic damage to the brain play a role. Realizing the geriatric significance of neuromuscular dysphagia, the authors, pondering over the clinical pharmacological data available to them, began using an anti cholinergic agent, Stigmosan. In old patients with dysphagia the effect of 1/2 to 1 tablet of Stigmosan half an hour before meals was very good in the majority of the cases; the 'swallowing' dysphagic patients, who not infrequently were also aspirating patients as well, became free of all complaints.
Peripheral facial paralysis: diagnosis; Peripheral facial paralysis is a diagnostic challenge. Every effort must be made to determine etiology since often a treatable cause can be found. Patients with peripheral facial paralysis are often labeled as having Bell's palsy without any adequate evaluation. Bell's is an exclusive term reserved for patients in whom all known causes of acute acquired isolated peripheral facial paralysis have been ruled out. This point is stressed since 17 percent of the last 160 consecutive patients referred to us with a diagnosis of Bell's palsy were found to have an underlying cause.
Bilateral malignant external otitis in a 10 year old girl; Malignant external otitis which has a very severe prognosis has been described as being related to diabetes in old age. The authors present a case with malignant external otitis which occurred in a 10 yr old girl. The external otitis which appeared at first on the left side was accompanied on this side by a facial paralysis; 6 mth later, on the right, a malignant external otitis was found without facial palsy. Furthermore, this girl was affected by a diabetes insipidus for which no hypophysial or renal cause was found. After reviewing the literature, the authors discuss the clinical aspects and treatment of this case.
Human peripheral neurolymphomatosis (reticuloendothelial polyradiculoneuritis); This is the clinical and pathologic report of a case (woman of 53) of reticulo endotheliosis of the nervous system. She had a history of transient facial palsy followed 6 mth later by progressive weakness, paresthesiae and severe pain in both lower limbs. Clinical examination revealed signs of sensory and motor polyradiculoneuritis with involvement of the oculomotor, facial and trigeminal cranial nerves. She died 10 mth after the onset because of bronchopneumonia. Pathologic findings in the nervous system were limited to the cranial and spinal roots and ganglia. Histopathologic examination showed intense infiltration by lymphocytes, histiocytes, plasmocytes and macrophages and a large amount of reticulin. The left oculomotor nerve, both Gasserian ganglia, the right trigeminal nerve and the lumbosacral nerves and ganglia were particularly involved. The literature on human peripheral neurolymphomatosis is reviewed and the differential diagnosis of this condition from Marek's disease, sarcomas, leukemic polyradiculoneuritis, sarcoidosis and Hodgkin's disease of the nervous system is discussed. The importance of recognizing this variety of polyradiculoneuritis, and methods of treating it are emphasized.
Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome: report of a case; The authors have made a review of the Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome and a new case is reported. The diagnosis of our patient was based on the recurrent facial nerve palsy, furrowed tongue, and the history of episodic lip and facial swelling accompanied by hemicranial pain. This is a syndrome without evident etiology. It is chronic and has not responded to treatment. Although it is futile to draw conclusions from one case, perhaps this syndrome is due to an autonomous nervous system defect.
Clinical features of salivary gland tumours; This paper reports on epithelial tumors arising primarily in the major and minor salivary glands. The purpose of this presentation is to summarize the experience with salivary gland tumors on the basis of approx. 3000 salivary gland tumors as well as a review of the literature to date. The tumors are classified according to the classification recommended by the WHO in 1972. The incidence, location, symptomatology, grade of malignancy and treatment of the different tumor types in this classification are reviewed. Diagnostic procedures are discussed and a scheme for surgical treatment and radiotherapy of the different types of salivary gland tumors is proposed.
The use of neuromuscular free autografts with microneural anastomosis to restore elevation to the paralysed angle of the mouth in cases of unilateral facial paralysis. With an analysis of late results of muscle grafts in the treatment of 103 cases of facial hemiparesis; A new method is described for the correction of paralysis of the elevator muscles of the angle of the mouth in cases of unilateral facial paresis, by transplanting skeletal muscle as a free graft together with its motor nerve of supply, the latter being anastomosed to normal filaments of the facial nerve on the uninvolved side of the face, using microsurgical techniques. The results in twelve patients treated over a period of one year, are encouraging and are being given continuing trial. The late results of free autogenous skeletal muscle grafts in restoring movement to the eyelids and mouth regions in 103 cases of unilateral facial paralysis, involving 157 grafts, are presented.
Deafness in sarcoidosis; A case of sarcoidosis and sensori neural deafness in which the lesion was thought to be cochlear in position is presented and the audiometric findings are discussed in detail. A review of the reported cases shows that sarcoid lesions may invove the hearing mechanism at any point along its neural axis.
Facial nerve paralysis caused by carcinoma developed in thorotrastoma in the parotid gland; A carcinoma developed in a thorotrastoma of the right parotid gland and caused facial paralysis 28 yr after a sialography with radioactive thorotrast. The literature is reviewed, and another case is reported in which facial nerve paralysis occurred without evidence of malignancy.
Wegener granulomatosis: the Iowa experience; During the eight years (1967-1975) the diagnosis of Wegener's Granulomatosis (WG) was established in 12 patients hospitalized at the University of Iowa and VA Hospital, Iowa City. Eight were male, 4 female with an age range 6-69. Two patients, initially diagnosed as midline granuloma, subsequently evolved to a diagnosis of WG with the development of renal involvement after an interval of 3 and 4 years. Simultaneous sinus, pulmonary and renal involvement was seen in 4/12 patients; sinus and renal in 4/12; sinus and lung in 2/12; lung and renal in 1/12; and lung only in one patient whose tissue biopsy was interpreted as lymphomatoid Granulomatosis (LG). Other clinical findings included ophthalmic involvement (2/12), facial palsy (1/12), arthralgias (3/12), skin rash (3/12) and diabetes insipidus (1/12). Ten of 12 patients presented with a hemoglobin < 11.5 Gm; 7/12 with leukocytosis > 11,000; 7/12 with thrombocytosis > 500,000; and 11/12 with an elevated sedimentation rate. No consistent diagnostic pattern of serum immunoglobins (IgA, IgM, IgG) was observed. One patient was treated with prednisone alone for 2 years and subsequently lost to followup. Three of 12 patients have died: 1 patient received no therapy; 2 patients, who presented with thrombocytopenia, azotemia and renal failure, developed bone marrow suppression and were intolerant of cytotoxic therapy. Eight of 12 patients are alive: 6/12 are continuing on therapy with cytotoxic agents (cyclophosphamide) with satisfactory clinical responses; 2 patients are clinically in remission: 1 patient with LG treated 6 months with prednisone, and 1 patient with WG treated 17 months with azathioprine. Remission on these patients now dates 42 months and 21 months, respectively. One patient developed a unique complication of therapy consisting of extensive 'shelling out' of multiple large nodular lesions with the subsequent development of obstructive airways disease. This review supports the concept that prompt institution of cytotoxic therapy prior to the onset of renal deterioration has definite value in the management of this illness.
The transcochlear approach to the skull base; A new approach to tumors of the skull base is described. This approach is accomplished by forward extension of the translabyrinthine opening into the cerebellopontine angle. The facial nerve is mobilized in the temporal bone from the stylomastoid foramen to its entrance into the internal auditory canal. Having removed the barrier of the facial nerve, additional bone removal can be carried forward to the internal carotid artery, which now becomes the forward limit for temporal bone resection. The access attained through this exposure allows removal of tumors arising from the petrous tip, as well as tumors arising directly from the clivus. The authors provide the case histories of four patients in whom this approach was successfully used in removal of skull base tumors.
A unilateral congenital facial palsy (Japanese); 4 Cases of congenital facial palsy, without any other physical anomaly are reported. The patients' history revealed normal births without any birth trauma. The facial palsy was noted in all cases within 10 days after birth. There was no history of having any disease except for an attack of otitis media in 1 case. There was a partial paresis in 1 case, a boy 2 yr and 8 mth old; a total paresis in 2 cases, boys, 2 yr and 6 mth and 1 yr and 2 mth old; and a paresis affecting only the oral angle in a girl, aged 3 yr and 6 mth. Following a thorough physiological examination of topology, the course of the facial nerve in the temporal bone was examined surgically. In 1 case, the facial nerve was found to be situated in an anomalous position; while in 2 cases, there were anomalous stapes and the long foot of the incus. In the last case, the facial nerve was found to be normal, but it was considered that the paresis was due to hypoplasia of the depressor anguli oris muscle. Congenital facial palsy may be manifested as a result of a middle ear anomaly, especially of the 2nd branchial arch without any pathological factors involving the facial nerve per se.
Generalized zoster - during methotrexate treatment of psoriasis (Serbocroatian); The eruption of generalized varioliform rush on the skin and the mucous membranes, paresis of the facial nerve on the left side and the fast spreading necrosis of the left nasolabial furrow in a psoriasis patient during methotrexate treatment is discussed. The patient had previously been treated by methotrexate. The last methotrexate treatment was ordered because of psoriatic erythroderma.
Contributions to the surgical treatment of facial paralysis (with reference to 386 facial decompressions) (Roumanian); Ischemia plays an etiopathogenic role not only in idiopathic paralysis but also in a remarkable number of traumatic, otic and viral facial paralysis. The common traits in the pathogenesis of these paralyses are: an inextensible facial bone canal, the absence of drainage orifices, and oedema. Decompression of the nerve must be obtained by cutting a fine, narrow gap in the bone canal, without broad denudation of the nerve. Total facial paralysis in which the gustatory disturbances do not disappear within 2 wk, or which in the course of 8 wk do not give signs of clinical recovery, must be operated.
Surgical treatment of facial nerve involvement caused by leprosy; Complete and partial facial nerve paralysis can result from leprosy. The latter is more prevalent and results in lagophthalmos and corneal hypoesthesia. The former is characterized by loss of facial expression, deviation of the face to the nonparalyzed side, difficulty in chewing, and drooling, in addition to lagophthalmos and corneal hypoesthesia. Affected patients are at risk to develop blindness, as well as suffering social and economic deprivation because of the effects of facial nerve paralysis. Prevention of blindness and amelioration of the latter were successfully achieved by muscle transfer procedures, temporalis transfer to the eyelid, and masseter transfer to the mouth and nasolabial fold in small, minimally equipped hospitals in Africa.
Intrameatal acoustic neurinomas (Hungarian); Four cases with intrameatal acoustic neurinoma observed between 1969 and 1974 are reported. The first tumor was removed from combined translabyrinthic suboccipital approach, and the three other tumors from approach through the scala media. In the first case, the tumor appeared from sudden cochleovestibular loss and facial paralysis. Two tumors resembled Meniere's disease (in one case the caloric vestibular irritability was normal, in the other case absent). The fourth tumor lead to important neural impaired hearing, (with residual hearing only in the sphere of high voices), to vestibular anesthesia and facial tic. Out of the three latter tumors, in two distinct facial fatigability was observed and demonstrated by the author's method. However, the patients did not suffer from clinically manifest facial paralysis. The findings of the positive contrast material by meatocysternography were identical with the operative findings in all four cases. After the operation, the hearing remained in one case (in the case of the smallest tumor) unchanged; in the other cases, loss of hearing occurred. In all four cases vestibular anesthesia persisted. In the first case, after the operation, improvement of the facial paralysis was observed. In two other cases, total paralysis developed, which, however, improved later. In the fourth case the facial function remained intact, but the distinct fatigability, observed before the operation, and the tic ceased. The favorable possibility of the removal offered from 'middle fossa approach' makes profitable all effort to detect the acoustic neurinomas in the intrameatal stage.
Sleep alterations and effect of clonazepam on myoclonus in two siblings with Ramsay Hunt syndrome inherited as an autosomic recessive trait; The present report describes all night sleep studies in two siblings with Ramsay Hunt syndrome before and after clonazepam and phenobarbital treatment. The family tree of these patients suggests that their pathology was inherited as an autosomic recessive trait.
Study of the functional outcome of 47 cases of viral facial peripheral paralysis and Bell's palsies; 47 cases of Bell's palsy and viral facial nerve paralysis have been lengthily studied on an analytical and functional basis. An important number of these cases corresponded to serious forms seen right away or lately. The importance of analytical evaluation and electric and functional explorations is underlined. Repeated, they may clarify the evolutive mode and sequelae, and also therapeutic indications. Residual functional problems are reviewed. The authors insist on the benefit of systematic, early and prolonged rehabilitation.
Relationship of phytohaemagglutinin induced lymphocyte transformation to disease activity in systemic lupus erythematosus; Phytohaemagglutinated induced lymphocyte transformation was studied in 19 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in relation to disease activity, peripheral blood lymphocyte count, serum iron and folate levels, and corticosteroid treatment. Similar studies were performed on a group of 28 age and sex matched controls and on 10 patients with facial palsy who were examined before and after 7 days of high dose corticosteroid treatment. The patients with SLE were found to have impairment of lymphocyte transformation which was most marked in active stages of the disease and associated with a lymphopenia. This depressed transformation, which improved with the development of a remission, could not be attributed to the effects of corticosteroid treatment, inhibitory serum factors, iron deficiency, or any numerical reduction in blood lymphocytes, thus indicating along with evidence from other sources that SLE patients have a defect of cell mediated immunity. The aetiological implications of these findings are discussed.
A peculiar case of panencephalopathy with widespread distribution of plaques, status spongiosus and demyelination (Japanese); In a 56 yr old Japanese male whose father and one sister had died of the same disease, the onset of the illness was at the age of 46 yr with complaints of gait disturbances and sharp pains in the lower extremities. Subsequently, dysarthria and marked ataxia in the trunk and extremities developed. Six years later, apathy, urinary incontinence, atactic eye movements, bulbar palsy, fasciculation of the muscles and convulsions became manifest. The EEG showed no periodic synchronous discharge, while irregular theta and delta waves were extremely abundant. The CSF was normal except for an occasionally positive Wassermann reaction. The patient died from a subarachnoid hemorrhage at the age of 56, when the decerebrated state had lasted for about 3 yr. The total duration of the illness was about 11 yr. The brain weighed 930 g., showing atrophy of the cerebrum, especially in the frontal region. The cerebellum, midbrain, pons and spinal cord also showed atrophy. On the cut surface, the atrophy of the white matter, caudate nucleus and thalamus was severe, while that of the putamen and globus pallidus was less so. Atheromatous changes of the arteries were scarce. Histologic examination revealed that numerous plaques and status spongiosus associated with neuron loss, degeneration and astrocytosis were present throughout the cerebral cortex. A number of plaques, many of which were reminiscent of the kuruplaque, were also observed in both the molecular and granular layers of the cerebellum. Small to moderate numbers of plaques were found in the striatum, midbrain, pons and subcortical white matter of the cerebrum and cerebellum. A moderate to severe degree of neuronal loss and degeneration accompanying astrocytosis was observed in the basal ganglia, brainstem and cerebellum. In the spinal cord, loss of nerve cells was generally mild. Moreover, another finding in this case was the severe demyelination which was distributed, more or less, throughout the entire CNS. Comparing the degree of demyelination with the presence of protoplasmic astrocytes and fat laden macrophages, fibrous gliosis in these demyelinated areas was definitely mild. Changes of the cortex (status spongiosus, neuronal loss and degeneration, and presence of the numerous plaques) might indicate Creutzfeldt Jakob disease and kuru. However, the combination of these changes with widespread demyelination in this case is unique and has not been reported in the literature, before.
Malignant external otitis. A severe form of otitis in diabetic patients; Two cases of malignant external otitis are presented and the literature is reviewed. The disease seems to occur exclusively in elderly diabetic patients. Diagnosis is mostly a clinical one, and requires a high index of suspicion. The characteristic clinical manifestations are pain and severe tenderness of the tissues around the ear and mastoid, persistent drainage and the presence of granulation tissue at the junction of the osseus and cartilagenous portions of the external ear. Roentgenographic findings are not helpful in the early stages. The pathogenesis of this disease depends on the presence of clefts in the cartilage forming the floor of the external auditory canal at its junction with the osseous portion through which infection can spread from the external ear to the deep soft tissues. Serious and often fatal complications may ensue. The most common and earliest symptom to appear is facial nerve palsy. Pseudomonas aeruginosa has been isolated uniformly, in pure or mixed cultures. This entity, therefore, should be borne in mind whenever an elderly diabetic patient presents with external otitis not amenable to the usual methods of therapy. Ps. aeruginosa should be strongly suspected, and its isolation should prompt vigorous systemic treatment with gentamicin and carbenicillin before extensive necrosis of cartilage and bone takes place. Any delay in diagnosis and management will lead to serious and often fatal complications.
Multifocal sclerosis in children; A case of multiple sclerosis is described in a 6 yr old girl. During 5 yr, she had 7 relapses with the same typical clinical and biological findings. After a review of the literature 64 cases in children are summarized. The onset symptoms are comparable with those shown in the adults but abnormal gait, facial palsy, headache, tremors, dysarthries are much more common. In 37.5% of the cases, death appears after an acute course of less than 2 yr. The others are regressive cases, with minor neurological sequelae. Etiopathogeny and therapy are the same as in adults.
Occult tumors of the infratemporal fossa. Report of seven cases appearing as preauricular facial pain; Seven patients had occult malignant neoplasms either originating in or extending to the infratemporal fossa. Common symptoms were facial pain centered over the temporomandibular joint and facial numbness. These symptoms were sometimes associated with middle ear effusion and trismus. Multiple biopsies are often necessary to establish the diagnosis. The average delay in diagnosis from first symptom was 14 mth. Infratemporal fossa neoplasia belongs in the differential diagnosis of facial pain.
Bone sarcoidosis; Sarcoidosis of the bone has been observed in 24 patients for up to 43 yr. It was always present in hands and/or feet and also elsewhere in 4 other patients. Soft tissue swelling preceded the radiological abnormality for up to 4 yr in 9 patients, accompanied it once, followed it once, and was absent in 13 (55%). Bone involvement was usually an incidental finding when sarcoidosis presented elsewhere, including lupus pernio (50%) and other chronic skin lesions (41%), lungs (75%), eyes (51%), lymph nodes (21%), liver (17%), spleen (13%), parotids (13%), facial palsy in 2 patients and erythema nodosum in 1. Pulmonary infiltration, with or without lymphadenopathy, was evident in three fifths of the patients and hilar adenopathy alone in one fifth. Sarcoid tissue was observed in the bone, but not in the surrounding soft tissue swelling of 2 amputated fingers. There were 3 types of bone lesions: a) lytic in 20 patients; minute 1 mm cortical defects or larger, usually rounded defects that on healing become corticated leading to punched out 'cysts'; b) permeative in 8 patients; these showed progressive cortical tunnelling with remodelling of trabecular and cortical architecture; c) destructive in 3 patients, with secondary joint surface involvement and in one a periosteal reaction.
The transmeatal approach to the geniculate ganglion; With the transmeatal approach to the geniculate ganglion a decompression of the facial nerve is possible in cases of Bell's palsy and herpes zoster oticus when cochlear and vestibular function are intact. In the 10 patients whom we operated on since 1971 and who had a follow up period of more than 6 months, a recovery of facial function in all 3 branches of the nerve was found.
The treatment of peripheral facial paralysis by spinal or hypoglosso facial anastomosis; The authors report a series of 18 patients with peripheral facial palsy resulting from removal of acoustic neuroma (16) or petrous bone fracture (2) and treated by spinal accessory or hypoglossal facial anastomosis. After a review of the literature concerning this operation, the authors report their own experiences based on 12 spinal accessory facial anastomoses and 6 hypoglossal facial anastomoses. Anastomosis is suitable in patients whose VIIth nerve was obviously destroyed during removal of a neuroma, and operation should be performed as early as possible. EMG data influences the choice of nerve more than as an indication itself. When VIIth nerve is presumed to be preserved, anastomosis should be performed only if no recovery of the facial palsy has appeared after the third month. The authors describe the operative procedure for spinal accessory and hypoglossal facial anastomosis. Magnification helps in accuracy of nerve suture. The authors report their results and emphasize the necessity of early surgery, using the microscope and the contribution of the patient.
Steps for the diagnosis and treatment of peripheric facial palsy; The Pitanguy technique for the correction of deformities produced by peripheric facial palsy are presented. A dermovascularized flap beginning at the nasolabial sulcus and a flap for correction of the lagophthalmus are described. Anatomic, etiologic and diagnosis aspects are also demonstrated.
Cheilitis granulomatosa (Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome); A spontaneous, recurrent, and finally permanent swelling of one or both lips, without an evident cause, is the characteristic feature of a disease with which the name Miescher (1945) is connected. Initially Miescher's cheilitis granulomatosa was considered as a separate entity. Today it is the nearly general opinion that the disease is part of the Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome. The characteristic signs of this syndrome are: facial swelling, facial nerve paresis, and plicated or fissured tongue. An oligosymptomatic manifestation of the Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome in a healthy woman of 24 is described. Excision of the lower lip was performed. The microscopic features were identical in 7 blocks prepared. In and beneath the epithelium were scattered formations of mononuclear inflammatory cells. The connective tissue under the epithelium was edematous, less so in the deeper layers. Near the basis some muscle tissue was found. Cell infiltrates existed, partially as perivascular cuffs. The inflammatory cells were mainly lymphocytes, but plasma cells, histiocytes and epithelioid cells were also encountered. Most infiltrates contained Langhans type giant cells. These cells were partially surrounded by epithelioid cells. The picture was consistent with the diagnosis of cheilitis granulomatosa. The importance of serial sections of the tissue specimen is emphasized. Satisfactory postoperative results were obtained.
Birth trauma and related obstetrical factors. Analysis of 73 cases (Japanese); The subjects of this study were 73 traumatized new born babies among a total of 4163 vaginal deliveries at Tokyo Metropolitan Police Hospital over a 6 year period, from January 1969 to February 1975. Incidence, etiological factors, prognosis of these traumas and the preventive treatments of delivery are discussed in detail. On these 73 cases, various kinds of trauma were observed, such as cephalohematoma (46 cases, 1.11%), skeletal fracture (the clavicula, the humerus, and the temporal os) (11 cases, 0.26%), torticollis (10 cases, 0.24%), dislocation of the articulatio (sternoclavicular and humeroscapular) (2 cases, 0.05%), intracranial hemorrhage (2 cases, 0.05%), and facial palsy (2 cases, 0.05%). The various obstetrical factors were suggested to contribute to the cause of these traumas. The incidence of trauma was significantly increased as compared to the controls when the babies were either too big or premature and also as a result of obstetrical management such as breech extraction, vacuum or forceps deliveries. The result of this investigation suggested that adequate obstetrical management was essential in order to prevent the birth trauma especially when the causing factors were prospected.
Surgical treatment of facial nerve pareses after temporal pyramid fractures (Polish); The technique of exposure, control inspection of continuity and decompression of the paralysed facial nerve in its intracranial course from middle cranial fossa approach is described. The method of nerve exposure in its petrous and tympanic parts and in the area of geniculate ganglion is discussed in detail. Certain personal modifications of this method are presented including particularly the epidural approach from superior tympanotomy (from the mastoid and tympanic tegmentum to reach the tympanic part and proximal portion of the mastoid part). Two cases of traumatic facial nerve palsy in the geniculate area are described in which trauma resulted in fracture of the cranial basis involving the pyramid. In both cases a satisfactory result was obtained with complete or considerable return of movements of the facial muscles. Cases of facial nerve function improvement after partial removal of pyramid or after resection of acoustic nerve tumors are described briefly.
Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome in childhood; A case of cheilitis granulomatosa in an 11 yr old boy is presented. The frequency of Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome in childhood is compiled from data in the literature. The Melkersson Rosenthal syndrome does not differ in children in its clinical and histological picture known from adults. In childhood, females are more often affected than males. The etiology of the syndrome is still unknown. Symptomatic and temporal improvement could be achieved following local injections of triamcinolone acetonide suspension.
The influence of facial nerve sacrifice in surgery of malignant parotid tumors; Malignant parotid tumors in 224 patients were dealt with surgically at the Mayo Clinic between 1940 and 1969. The clinical histories, including follow up of 5 years or more in every case, were reviewed with particular attention to sacrifice of the facial nerve in conjunction with the excision of tumor. This was done in 65 cases. High grade malignancy necessitated nerve sacrifice; other frequent indications were preoperative facial nerve paralysis, pain, and rapid growth of the tumor. Over the 30 year review period, the trend was toward more radical surgery, often including nerve sacrifice, and away from local excision and radiotherapy. Nerve grafting or anastomosis of a sacrified nerve was seldom performed in an attempt to lessen the cosmetic defect of facial paralysis. Later reconstructive procedures are favored.
Masked otological diseases under the clinical picture of the ischaemic facial palsy; Peripheral facial palsy is one of the most frequent diseases of the brain nerves. On account of its localisation there are many different possibilities for its impairment. Despite detailed diagnostics the causes of a peripheral facial palsy are only discovered by operation. The references of cases in the literature and of seven personal observations show that by unsatisfactory functional restitution the conservative treatment of ischaemic facial palsies (Bell's palsy) should be taken into consideration.
Electrophysiologic test results after neurotomy of the chorda tympani in facial nerve paresis; The results of chorda tympani neurotomy in the treatment of ischemic pareses of the facial nerve are reported. A relatively simple operative method for the treatment of pareses of the facial nerve, described and performed by Chouard and Blatt, was used in 55 cases since 1971. The presuppositions for this special treatment are the knowledge of the transmeatal ear surgery, a microsurgical instrumentarium and the consequent observance of the indication criteria for the treatment of ischemic pareses of the facial nerve. On average hospitalization lasts 8 days. Of the 55 patients 46 had a highly restricted function of the facial nerve before treatment, in 5 patients the function was deficient. In the after examination the condition was to be regarded as normal in 35 cases, in 11 patients the function was essentially improved and only in 9 patients this intervention had no success.
Animation of facial palsy in Moebius syndrome by means of a circumoral sling. Case report; The case of a 3-year-old female is reported whose condition was diagnosed as congenital, complete paralysis of the right facial nerve in 1962; and a short time later more specifically described as Moebius syndrome. In 1971, a circumoral fascial sling was inserted. Voluntary movement on the right side of her mouth was noted and continued to improve, making facial actions more symmetrical. This function has remained stable during a five year follow-up.
The Wallenberg syndrome with myocardial aneurysm: An autopsy case (Japanese); A postmortem examination in a 69 yr old man revealed a thrombus in the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery (PICA) and a marked softening in the lateral area of the medulla oblongata the blood supply of which is dependent on this artery. These pathologic findings coincided with the clinical findings. Furthermore, an aneurysm caused by a posterior myocardial infarction was found projected against the interventricular septum. In this aneurysm, numerous mural thrombi were found. Arteriosclerotic changes were found in the vertebro basilar artery, aorta, and renal arteries. Seen in the PICA and lenticulo striatal artery as well as in the bilateral renal artery, were thromboembolisms which might have originated from the mural thrombi of the aneurysm. The cause of death was bulbar palsy due to arteriosclerotic and thromboembolic changes in the arteries resulting in irreversible brain damage. The findings are compared with those reported in the literature, and the incidence and clinical pictures of the Wallenberg syndrome are also discussed.
Rehabilitation in peripheral facial paralysis; The psychologic impact of facial paralysis must be at the center of the concerns of the therapist. The social, cultural and occupational context and the symbolic identification of the deformed face must be taken into account in the esthetic prejudice; in this respect one should never underestimate the reactions of discouragement and latent depression in coming to grips with a condition the rehabilitation of which is still too often neglected.
Lid magnets for facial paralysis; The author presents his experience in the use of lid magnets. The positioning is delicate but tolerance is good and the aesthetic and functional result satisfactory. The essential indication is the development of corneal problems overnight from defective occlusion.
The Bausch and Lomb 'T' lens in the treatment of corneal disease; This study was not designed to make a comparison with other soft lenses, and enthusiasm over the success rate must be tempered by remembering that the criteria for success, symptomatic relief and re epithelialization, are somewhat limited. The Plano 'T' lens did, however, perform well in achieving these specified objectives. The ease of fitting, regardless of corneal shape or size, or the presence of corneal or conjunctival irregularities, offers a distinct advantage over many other soft lenses. The tolerance was extremely good. Occasional lenses were lost, especially in patients with facial palsy, but only one serious complication arose in the whole study.
Peripheral facial paralysis in children; Causes, clinical picture, diagnosis, treatment and outcome of this condition were studied in 13 boys and 8 girls aged 5 mths to 12 yrs. Causes were Bell's palsy (5 children); otitis, mastoiditis or both (9 children); malignant tumours (2 children); congenital abnormalities (2 children); trauma, herpes zoster and rheumatic fever (1 case each). Treatment was mainly surgical (14 cases) or medicinal (5 cases). Decompression is recommended when these patients fail to improve after 4 to 6 wks of conservative treatment.
Facial paralysis, topodiagnosis, clinical orientation and treatment; The anatomical diagnosis in these patients is reached through clinical history; physical examination (including neurological, otological and ophthalmological examination); Schirmer's test; assessment of taste in the anterior 2/3 of the tongue; tests for submaxillary and sublingual saliva. Clinical diagnosis is completed with Hilger's test; electromyography; electronystamography; audiometry; radiograms and blood sugar concentrations. Medicinal treatment includes dexamethasone, nicotinyl alcohol, diazepam and cyproheptadine. Decompression surgery is considered after the second wk of conservative treatment depending on progress.
Use of sympathetic block in facial paralysis; The author reexamines the physiopathological basis of peripheric facial paralysis. He presents several cases managed with cervical sympathetic gland anesthetic blockage and concludes by stating that it is the treatment of choice for those conditions.
Preliminary experience with lid magnets for paralytic lagophthalmos; 43 Patients with paralytic facial palsy were operated upon with lid magnets, according to a method first devised by Muhlbauer and others (1973). When 37 patients were re examined 3 months to 2 years postoperatively, 27 had both magnets in situ functioning well. In nine patients one or both magnets had been removed because of return of 7th nerve function. Including our information about those patients not available for re examination, the method has definitely failed in only four. Cosmetically and functionally the results are subjectively as well as objectively encouraging and appear superior to a lateral tarsorrhaphy.
Our technique of hetero lateral facio facial anastomosis by means of nerve autografting in the treatment of permanent peripheral facial paralysis; The authors describe the technique used in 12 surgical cases of heterolateral facio-facial anastomosis by nerve autograft in the treatment of permanent peripheral facial paralyses. Their main contention is that section of 50% of the neurones of the peripheral branches of the facial nerve on the unaffected side does not impair motricity to any extent and that it therefore is possible to anastomose the proximal portion of some healthy branches to the corresponding distal portion of the affected side by placing between them a graft from the external saphenous nerve. The principles for fascicular suture as defined by Seddon and later by Millesi are followed. The technique differs from that made popular by Smith and later by Samii inasmuch as: - the bilateral hidden face-lift incision makes possible a final passive musculotegumentary suspension of the paralysed side immediately improving the patient's appearance while the nerve re-establishes itself; - retrograde interfascicular dissection on the paralysed side allows precious centimetres to be gained; - pinpointing of the nerve suture area is possible by the placing of a silicone-coated ring with a clip some distance away.
Data processing and otospongiosis (2 part). Statistics from 15 years of stapedectomies; The authors conclude that the problem of the operative replacements in the stapedian surgery of otospongiosis constitutes a very special aspect of the operative techniques and a significant aggravating factor. The more a technique is developed the less it provokes failures calling for a replacement, but it also renders dangerous from the cochlear aspect the replacement necessitated by its failure. In practice, unanimity is now assured on the need for closing the oval window with a tissue graft, which combines the functional flexibility of an elastic graft with the protective role of a resistant and viable closing membrane for the oval window.
Ramsay Hunt syndrome (5 cases); The authors present five cases of Ramsay Hunt syndrome treated with different drugs and the results obtained are reported.
Acute sinusitis and otitis: Their complications and surgical treatment Infectious diseases of the head and neck; The major complications associated with acute suppurative disease in the ear and paranasal sinuses are discussed as well as their medical management and the indications for surgical intervention. Both rhinocerebral phycomycosis (mucormycosis) and malignant external otitis are life threatening acute infections in which surgical intervention often must accompany the medical management. The specific details of surgical treatment, which are discussed in standard textbooks, are not to be described in detail.
Automatic recording and evaluation of neuronography; Neuronography and evoked myography provide earlier a more precise prognosis of facial palsy than nerve excitability test (NET). The authors developed an electronic device for the maximal stimulation test (MST) of May, M., that is automatic. The device counts the spikes of the evoked myogram. A time window is related to the stimulus to exclude stimulus noise and background muscle noise from the counter. Only spikes seen in this window are processed. The number of spikes generated per stimulus is the measurement of the live axons in a stimulated nerve.
Traumatic palsies of the facial nerve; The authors analyze 50 cases of traumatic lesions of the facial nerve, from whom 31 were examined clinically and electromyographically in an interval of 6 mth to 22 yr after the trauma. Operative revision was performed in 14 injured. Better prognosis of traumatic palsies was presented with comparison of ischemic palsies.
Level diagnostics in facial nerve injuries; After a brief survey on the anatomical peculiarities of the course followed by the facial nerve and of the structures it innervates, the authors share their experience with the methods employed in establishing the level of its injury. To this end the Schirmer's test of tear production, taste determination through electrogustometry, investigation of the secretion of saliva and audiometry are used. On the ground of the obtained data eight levels of facial nerve lesion are determined in accordance with Jepssen's scheme. A total of 32 patients with different levels of facial nerve injury were studied. Most of them were subjected to operation, and thus the results of the functional nervus facialis investigation were verified. Level diagnostics is of utmost importance in the treatment and prognosis of facial nerve injuries.
Facial palsy (F.B. ear); A case of complete unilateral facial-palsy of lower motor neurone type, of two months duration, following removal of foreign body from the same ear under general anaesthesia is reported. Exploration revealed a bony spicule, as a result of fissure (fracture in the anterior wall of the bony facial canal), pressing on the facial nerve. Progressive clinical improvement as confirmed by electrical tests has followed removal of the bony spicule together with decompression of the nerve.
The use of steroids in Bell's palsy: a prospective controlled study.; A prospective, controlled, double-blind study was designed to evaluate the effect of steroid treatment on the natural history of Bell's palsy. Fifty-one patients were included in the study between 1972 and 1974. The patients were evaluated and started on treatment within two days of onset of Bell's palsy and followed for six months. Treatment was given in randomized double-blind fashion and consisted of either vitamins or a total of 410 mg of prednisone plus vitamins in descending doses over 10 days. The recovery of facial motor function was determined by three physicians who had no knowledge of the treatment received by the patients. They examined photographs of the patients taken six months after onset of paralysis in eight positions of facial function and categorized them as to complete fair, or poor recovery of facial function. These results of this evaluation were submitted to the biostatistician who broke the treatment code. The results of this study demonstrate no statistically significant beneficial effect of steroid therapy upon recovery from Bell's palsy. Factors considered included the patients' age, sex, the presence of pain, ageusia, hyperacusis, diabetes, hypertension, the progression and degree of palsy, the results of nerve excitability and salivary flow tests, and the time at which recovery was first noted or became complete. Bell's palsy remains without a proven efficacious treatment.
A critical analysis of current trends in the management of Bell's palsy.; The treatment of Bell's palsy has been a controversial subject for many years. During the past 10 years 152 papers pertaining to this affection of the facial nerve have apperaed in the American literature. Ninety-seven of these were general discussions of the etiology, pathology, prognosis and treatment of this condition: 20 were concerned with ascertaining the status of the facial nerve by electrical tests and four with the activity of the chorda tympani nerve in patients with Bell's palsy. The remaining 31 articles specifically discussed the treatment of Bell's palsy. As a result of this obvious interest in Bell's palsy, one would expect that the treatment of this affection of the facial nerve would be more or less uniform at this time. This is not the case, however, for the literature demonstrates it to be in a state of flux. Although steroid therapy has replaced other regimens of medical therapy to a large extent, surgical intervention still has its proponents. It is interesting to note that at the time of this review of the literature, no report of a controlled, double-blind study of the efficacy of steroid therapy for Bell's palsy has appeared in the American literature.
Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome; The Melkersson-Rosenthal syndrome consists of recurrent facial edema, mainly localized to the lips, recurrent facial paralysis and plicated tongue. The edema eventually becomes permanent, and in combination with residues of facial paralysis, may bring about considerable disfigurement, thus necessitating medical or surgical intervention. The different elements of the triad often do not occur simultaneously, and two positive findings are often considered sufficient for the diagnosis. A case report of a 52 year old woman with lip edema and partial facial paralysis is presented. Antihistamines and corticosteroids systemically were found to have no influence on the edema, and ultimately plastic correction was resorted to, without any striking improvement of her condition.
Natural history of bell's palsy: the salivary flow test and other prognostic indicators.; Fifty-one patients with Bell's palsy were evaluated within two days of onset and followed for six months without surgical intervention or effective medical treatment in order to observe the natural history of the disease. Sixty-three percent had a complete return while 37 percent had incomplete return. Age, the presence of pain, and taste alterations had no prognostic value. The progression of the palsy, response to maximal stimulation and salivary flow testing were approximately 80 percent accurate in predicting outcome. The salivary flow test was the most useful prognostic indicator since salivary flow became reduced within two days of onset in the patients likely to develop denervation while the other tests did not become altered until 3 to 14 days after onset. In patients with Bell's palsy, the salivation test seems to be the only method capable of predicting denervation before it begins; therefore, it should be ideal for selecting patients for appropriate treatment.
Malignant bilateral external otitis in a 10-year-old girl; Malignant external otitis in which the prognosis is very severe has been recently described, as related to diabetes in old age. We present a case with malignant external otitis which occurred in a 10 year old girl, with a very peculiar development. Indeed, the external otitis which appeared at first on the left side was accompanied on this side by a facial paralysis, and six months later in the right, a malignant external otitis was also found without facial palsy. Furthermore, this young girl has been affected by an insipid diabetes, for which no hypophysial or renal pathology has been found. After reviewing the literature on that subject, the authors discuss the clinical aspect of that case and its treatment.
Prosthetic support for unilateral facial paralysis.; Removable prostheses were used to determine that esthetics and speech could be improved for patients with permanent unilateral facial paralysis. Esthetics had to be compromised somewhat to obtain the maximum benefit for intelligible speech. This procedure can be beneficial in helping patients who are high surgical risks or for whom surgery, for various reasons, is unacceptable.
Recommendations for treatment of traumatic lesions of the facial nerve; The electroneuronographic registration of the summating potentials of the face muscles has been used to assess the prognosis in 72 traumatic facial nerve lesions. The following guide lines have evolved from the experience gained: a conservative attitude is indicated if the degeneration of the motor fibres is less than 90% 6 days following the onset of the palsy and a surgical revision of the facial nerve is indicated if the degeneration of the motor fibres reaches more than 90% during the first 6 days following onset of the palsy. The clinical differentiation in early and delayed traumatic facial palsy cannot be used as a prognostic sign. The amount and rapidity of degeneration of the motor fibres has more prognostic value than the latency between trauma and onset of the palsy. The importance of electroneuronography for the prognosis of iatrogenic facial nerve lesions as well as the value of a careful follow up of regeneration in facial nerve lesions with preserved continuity of the nerve are discussed.
