The unrecognized prevalence of chronic kidney disease in diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease (CKD) are common and exhibit synergistic associations with premature mortality. Current diabetes guidelines in the UK recommend annual urinary albumin and serum creatinine determinations to screen for diabetic kidney disease. The aim of this study was to estimate the burden of CKD in patients with diabetes and examine the ability of serum creatinine and albuminuria to detect clinically meaningful CKD compared with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR)., METHODS: All adults known to have diabetes in primary and secondary care in Salford, UK, alive with independent renal function on 1 January 2004 were included in this observational study (n=7596). Demographic and laboratory parameters were obtained from the Electronic Patient Record. eGFR was determined using the 4-variable modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) formula. Clinically meaningful CKD was defined as an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2)., RESULTS: Creatinine and albuminuria were measured in the preceding 2 years in 82.3 and 55.2% of subjects, respectively. In patients with CKD, normoalbuminuria was present in 48.8%, and serum creatinine was normal (or=120 micromol/l) had a sensitivity and specificity of 45.3 and 100%, respectively, to identify CKD. The combination of abnormal creatinine and albuminuria had an improved performance but still failed to detect a large number with CKD (sensitivity 82.4%, specificity 75.4%). Serum creatinine failed to identify CKD more often in females (OR 8.22, CI 6.56-10.29)., CONCLUSIONS: Undiagnosed CKD is common in diabetes. Current screening strategies, based on creatinine or albuminuria, fail to identify a considerable number of subjects with CKD. Incorporating eGFR into screening for CKD would identify individuals earlier in the natural history of the disease and enable early effective treatment to delay progression of CKD.
Comparison of the yield of different screening approaches to detect chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Screening for chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been advised in high-risk populations. The present study aims to compare the yields of four approaches to select high-risk subjects for CKD screening, which are defined as follows: Approach 1, history of cardiovascular (CV) disease, diabetes mellitus or hypertension (=high CV risk); Approach 2, high CV risk or age >55 years; Approach 3, urinary albumin concentration (UAC) >=20 mg/L; or Approach 4, UAC >=10 mg/L at pre-screening., METHODS: The study population is a sample of the general population of Groningen, the Netherlands (n = 3398). UAC was measured (nephelometry) in a first morning void urine sample collected at home and sent to a laboratory by post. Information on demographics and the presence of CV risk factors was obtained by a questionnaire. The presence of CKD was determined during examination at an outpatient clinic., RESULTS: At baseline, 12% of the subjects met the criteria of Approach 1, 33% of Approach 2, 8% of Approach 3 and 25% of Approach 4. CKD was diagnosed in 370 subjects (11%). Approach 2 detected the most CKD patients (sensitivity 65%), while Approach 3 resulted in the lowest number needed to screen (1.9). During a follow-up of 7 years, only the UAC pre-screening approaches detected CKD patients who had both significantly accelerated renal function loss and increased CV risk compared to subjects without CKD. Only 28% of CKD patients detected by the UAC approaches used antihypertensive/angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor treatment prior to screening., CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that pre-screening based on UAC should be favoured in comparison to screening based on CKD risk factors to detect CKD patients at high renal and CV risk.
Relationship between glycated haemoglobin and microvascular complications: is there a natural cut-off point for the diagnosis of diabetes?.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study was designed to determine whether the relationship of glycated haemoglobin to diabetic microvascular complications shows any natural thresholds that could be useful in diagnosing diabetes., METHODS: We examined a population-based sample of 3,190 Malay adults aged 40-80 years in Singapore. The microvascular outcomes of interest were: (1) any retinopathy, defined from fundus photographs; (2) mild retinopathy, defined as in (1); (3) moderate retinopathy, defined as in (1); (4) chronic kidney disease, defined from estimated glomerular filtration rate; (5) micro- or macroalbuminuria, defined from urinary albumin to creatinine ratio; and (6) peripheral neuropathy, defined from neurothesiometer or monofilament sensory testing., RESULTS: Increasing HbA(1c) was associated with all microvascular complications. The optimal cut-off points for detecting mild and moderate retinopathy were 6.6% (87.0% sensitivity, 77.1% specificity and area under the receiver operating characteristics [ROC] curve 0.899) and 7.0% (82.9% sensitivity, 82.3% specificity and area under ROC curve 0.904). The prevalences of mild and moderate retinopathy were <1% below the optimal cut-off points. For other complications, the association with HbA(1c) was linear without evidence of a distinct threshold. Although ROC analysis for these other complications also suggested optimal cut-off points between 6.6% and 7.0%, the sensitivity at these cut-off points was considerably lower than for mild and moderate retinopathy, ranging from 31.8% to 66.5%., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Higher levels of HbA(1c) were associated with microvascular complications. Our data support use of an HbA(1c) cut-off point of between 6.6 and 7.0% in diagnosing diabetes. Cut-off points in this range were best for the identification of individuals with mild and moderate retinopathy. Any retinopathy, chronic kidney disease, albuminuria and peripheral neuropathy are less well detected at these cut-off points.
Identification of individuals with CKD from Medicare claims data: a validation study.; BACKGROUND: Medicare claims data might provide an efficient source for outcomes research in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, in the absence of laboratory data, one would need to identify patients with CKD from diagnosis codes associated with health care claims. The validity of this approach to identify patients with CKD has not been sufficiently studied., METHODS: From chart abstraction, we obtained the first serum creatinine measurement of 1,852 elderly Medicare beneficiaries upon hospitalization for myocardial infarction and estimated each patient's glomerular filtration rate. We then searched all Medicare claims of the preceding year for the presence of a diagnosis code for diabetic nephropathy, hypertensive nephropathy, chronic renal insufficiency, acute renal failure, and miscellaneous other renal diseases. Using the gold standard of an estimated glomerular filtration rate less than 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 (<1.00 mL/s/1.73 m2) for definition of CKD, we calculated the sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values for each of these diagnoses and combinations of these diagnoses., RESULTS: The sensitivity of individual diagnosis algorithms ranged from 2.7% for diabetic nephropathy to 17.5% for miscellaneous. However, miscellaneous had a lower specificity (95.5%) than all other individual diagnosis algorithms (all > or =99%). Using combinations of these algorithms improved sensitivity up to 26.6%, but at the cost of lower specificity. Positive predictive values generally were high (85.7% to 97.5%), but negative predictive values were low (32.4% to 37.4%)., CONCLUSION: High positive predictive values indicate that Medicare claims data can be used to accurately identify patients with CKD for study. However, the utility of such databases for comparison of patients with CKD versus lesser degrees of CKD is limited.
Microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus: efficacy of a new screening method in comparison with timed overnight urine collection.; Diabetic nephropathy and end-stage renal failure are still a major cause of mortality amongst patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). In this study, we evaluated the Clinitek-Microalbumin (CM) screening test strip for the detection of microalbuminuria (MA) in a random morning spot urine in comparison with the quantitative assessment of albuminuria in the timed overnight urine collection ("gold standard"). One hundred thirty-four children, adolescents, and young adults with insulin-dependent DM Type 1 were studied at 222 outpatient visits. Because of urinary tract infection and/or haematuria, the data of 13 visits were excluded. Finally, 165 timed overnight urine were collected in the remaining 209 visits (79% sample per visit rate). Ten (6.1%) patients presented MA of > or =15 microg/min. In comparison however, 200 spot urine could be screened (96% sample/visit rate) yielding a significant increase in compliance and screening rate (P<.001, McNemar test). Furthermore, at 156 occasions, the gold standard and CM could be directly compared. The sensitivity and the specificity for CM in the spot urine (cut-off > or =30 mg albumin/l) were 0.89 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56-0.99] and 0.73 (CI 0.66-0.80), respectively. The positive and negative predictive value were 0.17 (CI 0.08-0.30) and 0.99 (CI 0.95-1.00), respectively. Considering CM albumin-to-creatinine ratio, the results were poorer than with the albumin concentration alone. Using CM instead of quantitative assessment of albuminuria is not cost-effective (35 US dollars versus 60 US dollars/patient/year). In conclusion, to exclude MA, the CM used in the random spot urine is reliable and easy to handle, but positive screening results of > or =30 mg albumin/l must be confirmed by analyses in the timed overnight collected urine. Although the screening compliance is improved, in terms of analysing random morning spot urine for MA, we cannot recommend CM in a paediatric diabetic outpatient setting because the specificity is far too low.
Interest of Clinitek Microalbumin in screening for microalbuminuria: results of a multicentre study in 302 diabetic patients.; A prospective survey was performed in 302 consecutive diabetic outpatients from 3 French diabetic centres to study the sensitivity and specificity of screening for microalbuminuria using Clinitek Microalbumin. Urinary samples with positive (at least one +) proteinuria, hematuria, leucocyturia, or nitrates using the Multistix strip were excluded from the study. Results obtained with Clinitek Microalbumin were compared to those observed with the reference method of the biological laboratory of the centre on the same urinary sample. A positive result was defined as an albumin-to-creatinine ratio > or =30 mg/g. Results were described in terms of sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values and likelihood ratio. Agreement rates were compared with the Kappa test. In the study population, 48 patients (17%) had a positive microalbuminuria with reference assay. However, different rates were found in each site (25%, 11%, and 15%, respectively, p<0.001). Using the Clinitek Microalbumin, a positive result was found among 86 patients (29%), (39%, 26%, and 23%, respectively). A good agreement was observed in the population as a whole (81%, K=0.47 +/- 0.06) and in each site (77%, 81%, 84%, respectively). Sensitivity was 79% (82%, 80%, 75%), specificity 81% (76%, 81%, 85%), positive predictive value 46% (53%, 35%, 46%), negative predictive value 95% (93%, 97%, 95%), and positive likelihood ratio 4.2 (3.4, 4.3, 5.0, respectively). Due to the excellent negative predictive value, these results suggest that Clinitek Microalbumin is a good screening test for microalbuminuria. Positive results should be confirmed using a reference assay.
[Screening methods for microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus].; Persistent microalbuminuria indicates early development of nephropathy, cardiovascular disease and death in patients with diabetes mellitus. In this study morning urines from 189 diabetic patients were investigated with conventional dip sticks, microbumintest and quantitative measurements obtained by immunturbidimetry. Microbumintest has both a higher specificity and sensitivity compared to urinary dip sticks. The immune chemical method is less expensive and alternations in albumin excretion rate can be followed. Quantitative measurement with an immunchemical method is therefore recommended as screening method for microalbuminuria.
Determination of urinary enzymes as a marker of early renal damage in diabetic patients.; Diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy in the early stages is very important since there are no clinical signs or symptoms. Urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) excretion has been recommended as a tubular dysfunction marker that elevates before other markers, such as microalbuminuria and a decrease in creatinine clearance. In this study, we compared excretion of urinary enzymes with other markers that are used routinely in diabetic nephropathy assessment. Urinary NAG, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), alkaline phosphatase (AP) activities, urea, creatinine, and albumin, with levels of serum glucose and creatinine and whole blood glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were measured in 32 diabetes mellitus patients and 25 healthy subjects (controls). Notably, urinary NAG, AP, LDH excretion, and microalbuminuria in the diabetic patients group were significantly increased compared to those in the control groups (P<0.001, P<0.05, P<0.01, and P<0.01, respectively). Meanwhile, our results showed that the urinary NAG excretion had the highest sensitivity and specificity (100% and 87.5%, respectively) compared to other markers. We showed that measuring urinary NAG excretion could be useful for the assessment of renal failure in diabetes mellitus patients and confirmed the use of NAG as a routine screening test.
Prediction of coronary artery disease by transesophageal echocardiographic detection of thoracic aortic plaque in patients with chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Our aim was to examine the significance of thoracic aortic plaque detected by transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) in the prediction of coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD)., METHODS: We examined 118 patients (mean age 52 +/- 12 years) with CKD and followed them for a mean of 3.4 +/- 0.8 years. The study group included 52 predialysis patients with moderate to severe CKD (plasma creatinine > or = 200 micromol/l), 32 patients on dialysis treatment, and 34 renal transplant recipients. At baseline, TEE was performed to evaluate thoracic aortic atherosclerosis. CAD was defined by a history of a documented myocardial infarction, a coronary angiogram or a post-mortem autopsy finding showing significant occlusive CAD by the end of the follow-up period., RESULTS: CAD was documented in 31 (26%) of the 118 study patients. The presence of thoracic aortic plaque had a sensitivity of 100% and a specificity of 37% for CAD and the positive and negative predictive values were 36 and 100%, respectively. In the subset of 36 patients with morphological findings of coronary arteries by angiogram or autopsy, the presence of large thoracic aortic plaques (> or = 3 mm in diameter) had a 73% sensitivity and 90% specificity for significant coronary artery stenosis. The positive and negative predictive values were 95 and 56%, respectively., CONCLUSION: TEE may be used for detecting high-risk patients with CKD; the absence of thoracic aortic plaque predicted the absence of CAD, and the presence of large aortic plaques predicted significant coronary artery stenosis. Copyright 2006 S. Karger AG, Basel
Failure of ICD-9-CM codes to identify patients with comorbid chronic kidney disease in diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes, and accuracy of International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes to identify such patients., DATA SOURCES/STUDY SETTING: Secondary data from 1999 to 2000. We linked all inpatient and outpatient administrative and clinical records of U.S. veterans with diabetes dually enrolled in Medicare and the Veterans Administration (VA) health care systems., STUDY DESIGN: We used a cross-sectional, observational design to determine the sensitivity and specificity of renal-related ICD-9-CM diagnosis codes in identifying individuals with chronic kidney disease., DATA COLLECTION/EXTRACTION METHODS: We estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) from serum creatinine and defined CKD as Stage 3, 4, or 5 CKD by eGFR criterion according to the Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative guidelines. Renal-related ICD-9-CM codes were grouped by algorithm., PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Prevalence of CKD was 31.6 percent in the veteran sample with diabetes. Depending on the detail of the algorithm, only 20.2 to 42.4 percent of individuals with CKD received a renal-related diagnosis code in either VA or Medicare records over 1 year. Specificity of renal codes for CKD ranged from 93.2 to 99.4 percent. Patients hospitalized in VA facilities were slightly more likely to be correctly coded for CKD than patients hospitalized in facilities reimbursed by Medicare (OR 5.4 versus 4.1, p=.0330), CONCLUSIONS: CKD is a common comorbidity for patients with diabetes in the VA system. Diagnosis codes in administrative records from Medicare and VA systems are insensitive, but specific markers for patients with CKD.
Use of albumin creatinine ratio and urine albumin concentration as a screening test for albuminuria in an Indo-Asian population.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria (>30 mg/day) based on 24 h urine albumin excretion is one of the criteria for chronic kidney disease (CKD) and a predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Differences in urine albumin concentration and creatinine excretion rates between Indo-Asians and other populations may require different threshold values for detection of albuminuria. We compared the use of spot urine albumin concentration and urine albumin to creatinine excretion ratio for detection of albuminuria in this population., METHODS: A total of 577 subjects aged >or=40 years, 54% of whom were women, were recruited from the general population in Karachi, Pakistan. Albumin concentration (mg/l) and albumin to creatinine ratio (mg/g of creatinine) were determined in a spot morning urine sample, and albuminuria (30 mg/day or greater) measured in a 24 h urine collected on the subsequent day., RESULTS: The median (25-75 percentile) of urine albumin excretion was 4.8 (3.6-10.3) mg/day: 5.4 (3.7-12.5) mg/day in men and 4.5 (3.8-8.9) mg/day in women. The overall prevalence (95% CI) of albuminuria was 11.8% (7.2-12.0%): 14.8% in men and 9.2% in women (P = 0.04). The areas under the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curves for urine albumin concentration were 0.86 (0.82-0.90) and 0.88 (0.84-0.92), respectively, in women and men. The areas under the ROC curves for albumin to creatinine ratio were 0.86 (0.82-0.89) and 0.90 (0.86-0.93), respectively, in women and men. For urine albumin concentration, the sensitivity and specificity were 37 and 97%, respectively, in women and 69 and 94%, respectively, in men at the conventionally recommended value of 2 mg/dl. The discriminator value of urine albumin concentration identified in the analysis was 0.5 mg/dl in women (sensitivity of 87% and specificity of 75%) and 1.7 mg/dl in men (sensitivity of 74% and specificity of 93%). For the albumin to creatinine ratio, the sensitivity and specificity were 46 and 95%, respectively, in women and 60 and 97%, respectively, in men at cut-off value of 30 mg/g., CONCLUSION: Both urine albumin concentration and albumin to creatinine ratio are acceptable tests for population screening for albuminuria in Indo-Asians. While sensitivities may be suboptimal, particularly in women, lowering the existing thresholds would compromise specificity. Those who screen positive need evaluation and management of CKD and prevention of CVD.
Evaluation of an instrument for screening patients at risk for chronic kidney disease: testing SCORED (Screening for Occult Renal Disease) in a Portuguese population.; Prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is increasing and CKD has a long asymptomatic phase suitable for screening. SCORED (Screening for Occult Renal Disease) is a prescreening test which has compared favorably with KEEP. We report the results of SCORED testing in subjects attending a World Kidney Day event. After SCORED, subjects were tested for creatinine, urinary albumin and creatinine, and renal ultrasound. Eighty-eight subjects participated (32 men; mean age 59.7 +/- 14.8 years; 58% hypertensive and 15.9% diabetics) of which 60 had a high score for kidney disease. Thirty-eight of 47 (80.8%) subjects that were further evaluated had a high-risk score. All subjects with CKD had a high score (100% sensitivity). SCORED showed low specificity (24.3%), but a high negative predictive value (100%). Including albuminuria in the definition of CKD increased the positive predictive value to 43.6%. In conclusion, SCORED is good for prescreening subjects for CKD in a European population as it captures all patients with CKD. Moreover, in subjects with low risk, the probability of CKD is low. SCORED is useful in alerting the general population and the medical community about the risk factors of CKD. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
[Significance of serum creatinine measurement in the specific screening test system for detection of chronic kidney disease].; OBJECTIVE: A specific screening test system for detection of Metabolic Syndrome was started in April 2008. This test includes urine protein but omits serum creatinine. This test system assumes this position based on the view that health guidance or recommendation of health examination in subjects diagnosed with hypertension or diabetes mellitus will help detect otherwise overlooked renal dysfunction. I conducted an investigation to obtain evidence that the specific screening test system can detect CKD., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The investigation was conducted in 931 subjects who had been examined for urine protein, blood pressure, blood glucose, and serum creatinine. This investigation was invested with an aim to determine the frequency of renal dysfunction among the subjects in whom CKD is ruled out in the specific screening test because they test negative for urine protein., RESULTS: Of the 931 subjects, 169 developed a positive test for urine protein. Of 762 subjects testing negative for urine protein, 226 had renal dysfunction with eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m2. The urine protein test alone let 57.2% (226/395) of subjects escape the detection of CKD. Of the 226 subjects, 156 had hypertension and/or diabetes mellitus and were found to have renal dysfunction when their serum creatinine concentration was determined. As a result, the rate of CKD overlooking was reduced to 17.7% (70/395), but the sensitivity and specificity of this test system were 69.0% and 43.7%, respectively. It is still insufficient in these respects., CONCLUSION: The specific screening test system let 226 of 395 subjects (57.2%) escape the detection of CKD. This result suggests that the test system should include the measurement of serum creatinine concentration.
Establishment of a method to detect microalbuminuria by measuring the total urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio in diabetic patients.; Diabetes and chronic kidney disease (CKD) which are risk facters of cardiovascular disease, are increasing global public health problems. Microalbuminuria is an early sign of progressive cardiovascular and renal disease in individuals with or without diabetes. Screening for microalbuminuria and early treatment are recommended for patients with increased cardiovascular and renal risk factors. However, the procedure used to measure urinary albumin is expensive. Alternatively, the measurement of total urinary protein is simple and inexpensive. Thus, we aimed to establish a method that could predict the presence of microalbuminuria by measuring the total protein-to-creatinine ratio. Spot urine samples were obtained from 150 patients with diabetes mellitus, and the total protein-to-creatinine ratio and the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) were measured. There was a significant positive correlation between the protein-to-creatinine ratio and the ACR (r = 0.95). The presence of albuminuria (both micro- and macroalbuminuria) could be predicted from the value of the protein-to-creatinine ratio in more than 90% of patients. A receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the protein-to-creatinine ratio had a sensitivity and a specificity of 90.8% and 91.9%, respectively, for the detection of albuminuria and a cutoff value of 0.091 g/g creatinine. These results suggest that screening for microalbuminuria can be replaced by the detection of the protein-to-creatinine ratio, which may be cost-effective for patients with cardiovascular risks as well as for the general population.
Is there a clear threshold for fasting plasma glucose that differentiates between those with and without neuropathy and chronic kidney disease?: the Singapore Prospective Study Program.; Recent studies suggest that no distinct glycemic threshold consistently differentiates individuals with or without retinopathy. The authors sought to determine whether the same was true for other microvascular complications. They studied 5,094 participants with fasting plasma glucose values and concurrent microvascular complications from 4 previous cross-sectional surveys carried out in Singapore (1982-1998) who attended a follow-up examination in 2004-2007. Peripheral neuropathy was diagnosed based on abnormal responses to a 10-g monofilament or neurothesiometer test. Chronic kidney disease was defined in various ways by using albuminuria (urine albumin:creatinine ratio >30 microg/mg) and estimated glomerular filtration rate, alone and in combination. Prevalence of peripheral neuropathy was 7.5%. For chronic kidney disease, prevalence of albuminuria only was 10.5%, estimated glomerular filtration rate of <60 mL/minute per 1.73 m(2) only was 4.1%, and both was 2.1%. Prevalence of peripheral neuropathy and chronic kidney disease gradually increased in relation to fasting plasma glucose, beginning at levels below the existing diagnostic threshold for diabetes mellitus of 7.0 mmol/L (126 mg/dL). For chronic kidney disease, these associations persisted after adjustment for age, gender, ethnic group, and hypertension. Current diagnostic thresholds for diabetes mellitus have limited sensitivity for identifying individuals with these microvascular complications. Ascertaining these individuals may require development and application of novel screening strategies.
Assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.; Microalbuminuria assessment is essential for diagnosing incipient nephropathy in diabetic patients. The present study aim to evaluate whether urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) agree with 24 h urine collection in screening for albuminuria > 30 mg/24 h in type 1 and 2 diabetics. In this cross-sectional study were evaluated 293 diabetic patients (117 type 1 and 176 type 2). Albuminuria was determined by turbidimetric immunoassay. The best discriminator value was 22 mg/l (sensitivity 82.5%, specificity 74.0%) for UAC and 27.3 mg/g creatinine (sensitivity 83.3%, specificity 80.9%) for UACR. Areas under ROC curves were 0.868 and 0.878, respectively (p = 0.53). Lower discriminators as 10 mg/l (sensitivity 94.2%, specificity 48.6%) and 10 mg/g creatinine (sensitivity 96.7%, specificity 49.1%) attained high sensitivities. UAC and UACR from spot morning urine had similar accuracy in screening microalbuminuria. The simplicity and lower cost of UAC justifies its preferential clinical use.
Comparison of methods for urinary albumin determination in patients with type 1 diabetes.; We tested the correlation of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (A/C) in an early-morning urine sample, measured with a commercial kit (DCA 2000), with the conventional immunoturbidimetric determination in the laboratory and with overnight albumin excretion rate (reference method). Fifty-five type 1 diabetic adolescents had their first-morning urine collected on the 1st and 8th day of the period. Urinary albumin and creatinine were determined immediately using the DCA 2000 kit. Samples were also stored for laboratory analysis. To evaluate the correlation between early-morning urinary A/C ratio and overnight albumin excretion rate, 16 subjects had a timed overnight urine collection. A/C ratios determined with the DCA 2000 kit and by the laboratory method were 13.1 +/- 20.5 and 20.4 +/- 46.3 mg/g, respectively. A/C results by both methods proved to be strongly correlated (r = 0.98, P<0.001). DCA 2000-determined A/C showed 50% sensitivity and 100% specificity when compared to the reference method. Spot urinary A/C of the subset of 16 subjects significantly correlated with their overnight albumin excretion rate (r = 0.98, P<0.001). Intraindividual variation ranged from 17 to 32% and from 9 to 63% for A/C and overnight albumin excretion rate, respectively. In conclusion, an early-morning specimen should be used instead of timed overnight urine and the A/C ratio is an accurate, reliable and easily determined parameter for the screening of diabetic nephropathy. Immediate measurement of the A/C ratio is feasible using the DCA 2000 kit. Intraindividual variability indicates the need for repeated determinations to confirm microalbuminuria and the diagnosis of incipient diabetic nephropathy.
Proteinuria is still useful for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of urinary total protein measurements in timed 24-h urine collection (24-h UP) and in a diurnal random urine specimen (RUS) for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 167 diabetic patients (20 type 1 and 147 type 2 diabetic patients; 78 women and 89 men), aged 20-84 years, collected 217 timed 24-h urine specimens. Albumin was measured by immunoturbidimetry, total protein by sulfosalicylic acid technique, and creatinine by Jaffe's method. According to the timed 24-h urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER), samples were divided into three groups: normoalbuminuric (NORMO) (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 84), microalbuminuric (MICRO) (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 78), and macroalbuminuric (MACRO) (UAER > or = 200 micrograms/min; n = 55). Eighty-six patients also collected 105 RUSs (NORMO, n = 47; MICRO, n = 37; MACRO, n = 21), and urinary protein concentration (UPC) and urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio (UPCR) were measured. The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve approach was used to analyze the performance of the diagnostic tests., RESULTS: Spearman's coefficient of correlation of 24-h UAER versus 24-h UP was 0.95 (P < 0.001), and of 24-h UAER versus UPC and UPCR were 0.77 and 0.72, respectively (P < 0.001). The calculated areas (+/- SEM) under the ROC curve for the diagnosis of over diabetic nephropathy were 0.9987 +/- 0.001 for 24-h UP, 0.9926 +/- 0.006 for UPC, and 0.9751 +/- 0.014 for UPCR. In the ROC curves, the first points with 100% sensitivity were 541 mg (95.7% specificity) for 24-h UP, 431 mg/l (92.9% specificity) for UPC, and 0.2 (76.2% specificity) for UPCR., CONCLUSIONS: Measurements of proteinuria presented almost perfect accuracy for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy. Protein measurement in spot urine is a reliable and simple method for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy.
Screening for diabetic microalbuminuria in routine clinical care: which method?.; The measurement of albumin/creatinine ratios and simple albumin concentrations in early morning urine specimens were evaluated to establish which was the best screening test for those likely to have microalbuminuria by the reference standard analysis of timed overnight urine specimens. The measurement of an albumin/creatinine ratio with a cut off of > or = 2.0 mg/mmol was found to be suitable with a specificity of 93% and sensitivity of 97%.
Screening for early diabetic nephropathy: which sample to detect microalbuminuria?.; In a study to monitor the acceptability of using a timed overnight urine collection to measure microalbuminuria in a large diabetic population, it was found that only 184 (69.4%) of 265 diabetics returned the urine collection to the hospital laboratory. Three proposals for an initial screening test to predict high risk microalbuminuria were analysed. Proposal I: a random urinary albumin concentration (RAC) greater than 25 micrograms/ml predicts an overnight albumin excretion rate (AER) greater than 30 micrograms/min. In 159 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 56%, specificity 81%, and predictive value 15%. Proposal II: an albumin concentration greater than 20 micrograms/ml in an early morning urine sample predicts an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/min. In 175 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 86%, specificity 97%, and predictive value 71%. Proposal III: an albumin/creatinine ratio (albumin mg/l creatinine mmol/l) greater than 3.5 in an early morning urine sample predicts an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/minute. In 171 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 100%, specificity 95%, and predictive value 64%. It is concluded that an albumin/creatinine ratio performed on an early morning urine sample brought to the diabetic clinic would be a useful initial screening test to detect an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/min.
Microalbuminuria, insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension, and kidney function: the latest concepts in pathology and pharmacologic treatment.; Microalbuminuria-increased urinary albumin excretion undetectable by traditional urinary dipstick-has been associated with insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and hypertension. It is also a powerful predictor for heart disease and all-cause mortality. In diabetic patients, microalbuminuria has been correlated with the progression of diabetic nephropathy and the development of renal insufficiency. Furthermore, its correlation with markers of inflammation such as C-reactive protein suggests that microalbuminuria may indicate generalized endothelial dysfunction rather than isolated nephropathy. Drugs that block the renin-angiotensin system, such as angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), have been shown to reduce albuminuria, resulting in renal protection. Recently, dualaction beta-adrenergic blockers such as carvedilol have been shown to exert favorable effects on albuminuria in diabetic patients with hypertension. Insulin resistance reflects a predictable risk for diabetes, and there appears to be a good correlation between insulin resistance, albuminuria, and progression of renal disease in diabetes with or without hypertension. As in microalbuminuria, ACE inhibitors, ARBs, and dual-action beta-blockers help improve insulin sensitivity.
Serum cystatin C as a marker for early detection of chronic kidney disease and grade 2 nephropathy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a significant cause of hemodialysis, and its early detection is extremely important to prevent or delay end-stage renal disease. The significance of the renal function marker serum cystatin C (sCysC) and its relationship with glomerular filtration rate in chronic kidney disease (CKD) and DN in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes remains uncertain. In this study, we examined the effectiveness of sCysC as a marker of early DN and CKD in Japanese subjects., METHODS: A total of 325 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes and 88 healthy subjects were studied retrospectively. sCysC concentration (mg/L) was determined by a latex turbidmetric immunoassay using a BioMajesty 8040 analyzer. The renal function of the diabetic patients was evaluated using the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) and Kidney Disease Outcome Quality Initiative-Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (K/DOQI-KDIGO) classification., RESULTS: There was a significant increase in sCysC but not in serum creatinine (sCr) or serum beta2-microglobulin (sbeta2M) in patients with grade 2 DN (ACR 30-300 mg/g) compared to grade 1 patients. Receiver operating characteristic analysis in grade 2 and 3 DN patients showed that sCysC had superior sensitivity and specificity than sCr and sbeta2M for early detection of DN. In addition, sCysC showed particularly high sensitivity and specificity in DN patients with stage 2 CKD., CONCLUSIONS: sCysC was effective for detection of grade 2 DN and would be especially useful for screening stage 2 CKD patients (K/DOQI-KDIGO).
High prevalence of unlabeled chronic kidney disease among inpatients at a tertiary-care hospital.; BACKGROUND: Although awareness of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is low in outpatient settings, the prevalence of unrecognized CKD in the inpatient setting is unknown., METHODS: We examined the extent of unlabeled CKD among adults admitted to a tertiary-care hospital in North Carolina, based upon a combination of web-based medical record review, chart review, ICD-9 codes and laboratory information from 2000 to 2005., RESULTS: A total of 9772 patients had 2 or more serum creatinine measures at least 6 months apart and demographic variables for race and sex; 431 met criteria for stage 5 CKD (estimated glomerular filtration rate<15 mL/min/1.73 m2) and 6851 patients had stage 2 to 4 CKD (estimated glomerular filtration rate between 15 and 89 mL/min/1.73 m2). Within the latter groups, 3002 had stage 3 to 4 CKD, and 3849 had stage 2 CKD. Forty-three percent were male, 37% had a minority race/ethnicity. The number of patients not labeled as having CKD by ICD-9 code was 2176 (72.5%). Women and whites were less likely than men and minorities to be labeled as having CKD by ICD-9 codes. Medical record review of 600 randomly selected patients identified 399 patients with stage 3 or 4 CKD diagnosis. ICD-9 codes had a sensitivity of 0.50, specificity of 0.88, and positive predictive value of 0.39., CONCLUSIONS: A large proportion of individuals with CKD are going unrecognized in the hospital setting. Automatic laboratory reporting of GFR and education about CKD may help increase awareness in both the inpatient settings.
Detection of microalbuminuria. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis favors albumin-to-creatinine ratio over albumin concentration.; OBJECTIVE: To compare albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and albumin concentration (ALB) for detection of microalbuminuria using precise data on CIs for sensitivity and specificity and to determine sex- and age-specific discriminator values for ACR., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All consecutive patients investigated for the presence of microalbuminuria with timed overnight urine collection were included in the study. Results from 1.171 men and 1,223 women were eligible for evaluation. Albumin excretion rate (the reference procedure), ALB, and ACR were compared by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. Age- and sex-specific discriminator values were established. Sensitivity and specificity were determined, and their CIs were compared with those calculated from data presented in the literature., RESULTS: Sensitivity and specificity were 89% (range, 85-92) and 90% (88-92), respectively, for women, and 90% (87-93) and 89% (86-91), respectively, for men, at a discriminator value of 15 mg/l for the ALB. This discriminator value did not show any relationship to sex or age. For the ACR, which depends on sex, the sensitivity and specificity were 94% (92-96) and 92% (91-94), respectively, at 2.5 g/mol for women and 94% (92-97) and 93% (91-95), respectively, at 1.8 g/mol for men. The discriminator value for the ACR appears to depend on age in both men and women., CONCLUSIONS: ROC curve analysis clearly shows that the ACR performs better than the ALB in screening for microalbuminuria. However, in contrast to the ALB, the ACR needs sex- and age-specific discriminator values.
Evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.; INTRODUCTION: Microalbuminuria has been established as a marker of incipient diabetic nephropathy, and a regular screening programme has been advocated in patients with diabetes mellitus. We investigated if urine albumin levels normalised by creatinine give results comparable to the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) with a timed 24-h urine for detecting microalbuminuria., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Morning urine specimens and 24-h collections were obtained from 65 diabetic patients. Albumin and creatinine levels in the spot urine specimens were measured in a single rapid (7 min) assay format using the Bayer DCA2000+ desktop system. Results of albumin/creatinine ratio and urine albumin concentration were then compared to the reference laboratory method of measuring UAER with the timed 24-h urine sample., RESULTS: The determination of the albumin/creatinine ratio gave good performance characteristics for diagnosis of microalbuminuria (defined as > 30 mg/g creatinine) with sensitivity of 71.4% and specificity of 98.0%. With urine albumin concentration alone, sensitivity was 64.3% and specificity was 96.1%. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves, however, suggest similar diagnostic usefulness for screening microalbuminuria with albumin levels expressed in concentration units or as a ratio of creatinine compared to the reference method. Analysis also indicated that lowering the established cut-off values in general, improves diagnostic performance., CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of microalbuminuria with a spot morning specimen using the DCA2000+ desktop system that simultaneously measures albumin and creatinine levels, provides a rapid and reliable method for incipient diabetic nephropathy in clinical practice.
Urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) in a single urine sample has been proposed to provide an estimate of microalbuminuria by adjusting for variability in urine concentrations. We hypothesized that adjusting the urine albumin concentration of single-void specimens for actual urine osmolality (urinary albumin to osmolality ratio [AOR]) may provide a more accurate estimate of 24-hour urine albumin excretion rates (AERs)., METHODS: Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM; n = 136) had urinary concentrations of albumin, glucose, and creatinine and osmolality measured on single-void samples, and albumin levels, on 24-hour samples. Microalbuminuria is defined as an AER between 30 and 300 mg/d., RESULTS: Correlation between AOR on single-void samples and AER on 24-hour samples (r = 0.87; P < 0.001) was similar to that between ACR and AER (r = 0.88; P < 0.001). Using a cutoff value of 18.4 mg/kg/mOsm x 10(2) (18.4 mg/mmol x 10(2)) for AOR resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 82% and 86% in detecting microalbuminuria, respectively. The area under the curve (AUC) for AOR was 0.89. Using a cutoff value of 15.0 mg/g (1.7 mg/mmol) for ACR resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 85% and 85% in detecting microalbuminuria, respectively. The AUC for ACR was 0.90. The ability of AOR to predict AER was maintained at varying degrees of glycosuria (glucose < 100 mg/dL [<5.5 mmol/L]; r = 0.77; 100 to 750 mg/dL [5.5 to 42 mmol/L]; r = 0.85; and >750 mg/dL [>42 mmol/L]; r = 0.92)., CONCLUSION: Urinary AOR correlates closely with 24-hour microalbuminuria determination, and the correlation is not appreciably affected by glycosuria. Thus, AOR can be used as an alternative test to ACR in the assessment of microalbuminuria in the population with DM.
Comparison of the usefulness of plasma levels of oxidatively modified forms of albumin in estimating kidney dysfunction in diabetic patients.; PURPOSE: Advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) and ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) are forms of oxidatidatively modified albumin and have recently been investigated as indicators of oxidative stress. They are increased in different disorders, including diabetes mellitus, as a result of hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and hypoxia. The usefulness of the plasma levels of these two parameters in estimating kidney dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients (T2DM) was compared in this study., METHODS: Plasma levels of AOPP and IMA were determined spectrophotometrically in 218 individuals, 153 patients with T2DM and 65 healthy people.. The urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) was used as the reference to define the stage of kidney dysfunction by the assessment of the degree of albuminuria., RESULTS: Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis, likelihood ratio (LR), and Youden's index (J) revealed that AOPP and IMA had acceptable sensitivities and specificities in individuals with different degrees of albuminuria; however, AOPP had higher values of the area under the curve (AUC: 0.934) than IMA, as well as 100% sensitivity and 77.01% specificity for distinguishing patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria., CONCLUSIONS: Both AOPP and IMA may be helpful clinical markers for estimating kidney dysfunction, but AOPP is better able to identify diabetic patients with nephropathy. We suggest that AOPP is almost ideal for discriminating between T2DM patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria.
Choice of urine sample predictive of microalbuminuria in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Twenty-four-hour, four-hour (8 to 12 am), and overnight urine collections were examined for their ability to detect microalbuminuria in 292 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Albumin excretion rate (AER) was measured and also estimated from the product of the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (A/C) and the calculated 24-hour creatinine excretion. The fractional excretion of albumin (FEA) was also determined in aliquots from each urine sample. The correlation coefficients between measured 24-hour AER and estimated AER were 0.940 and 0.956 for four-hour and overnight collections, respectively (significance of each correlation, P less than 0.001). There was no advantage in using the FEA over the A/C ratio in predicting measured AER. Urinary A/C ratios (mg/mg) between 0.03 and 0.31 in the four-hour collections were highly predictive of microalbuminuria and of measured AER in the 24-hour collections: AER24-h (microgram/min/1.73 m2) = 2.74 + 0.870 x A/C4-h (all log10 values). In a subgroup of 175 patients having all three collections validated, 34 (20%) had microalbuminuria defined as AER 20 to 200 micrograms/min/1.73 m2 in at least two of the three samples and 44 (25%) had overt nephropathy (greater than 200 micrograms/min/1.73 m2). The ability of the AER in one urine collection to predict microalbuminuria in at least one of the other two collections was assessed in these 175 patients. Compared with the overnight urine collection, the four-hour collection had greater sensitivity while affording similar specificity and positive predictive value. Based on these data, the A/C ratio from a morning urine sample following initial AM voiding would seem adequate for the detection and monitoring of microalbuminuria in patients with IDDM.
The use of the Micral-Test strip to identify the presence of microalbuminuria in people with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) participating in the EUCLID study.; In IDDM, microalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) of 20-200 micrograms/min) is a predictor of persistent proteinuria and diabetic nephropathy. Early intervention may prevent or reduce the rate of progression of renal complications. The Micral-Test strip can be used to establish a semi-quantitative estimate of AER. We assessed the field performance of the Micral-Test strip in detecting microalbuminuria in the EUCLID study, an European wide, 18 centre study of 530 IDDM participants, aged 20 to 59 years. People with macroalbuminuria were excluded. On entry, all participants had albumin concentrations from two overnight urine collections measured by a central laboratory, and the corresponding Micral-Test performed on the two collections locally. a cut off of > or = mg/l albumin from the first Micral-Test, to detect a centrally measured albumin concentration > or = 20 mg/l, yielded 29 (5.8%) false negative results and 58 (11.6%) false positive results (sensitivity 70%, specificity 87%). The mean AER, from two collections, was compared with the corresponding 'pooled' Micral-Test results (mean of the two readings). Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves were used to assess if there was a suitable 'pooled' Micral-Test result for screening microalbuminuria. A 'pooled' Micral-Test result (> or = 15 mg/l) was used to detect mean AER > or = 20 micrograms/min (sensitivity 78%, specificity 77%). This 'pooled cut-off' had already been used for screening on to the study and led to an over-estimate (154 vs. 77) of the true number of microalbuminuric participants on the study. In conclusion, our findings suggest that the Micral-Test strip is not an effective screening tool for microalbuminuria, using the 'pooled' result from two measurements did not improve the sensitivity of the test.
Accuracy of urine dipstick test for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; BACKGROUND: Testing for microalbuminuria (MA) is an important tool for detection of the earliest clinical manifestation of diabetic nephropathy Dipstick test for MA is commonly used for screening MA but this dipstick test has not been validated in Thai patients with DM., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the dipstick test for MA in random spot urine samples of type 2 diabetic mellitus patients, using urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) as the reference standard method., MATERIAL AND METHOD: Type 2 diabetic mellitus patients from the out-patient department of seven public hospitals were recruited. Random spot urine samples from all patients were screened for microalbuminuria by Combi-Screen dipstick test and UACR., RESULTS: A total of 6,223 urine samples from 899 diabetic patients were screened for MA. From UACR criteria, these urine samples were classified as normoalbuminuria (4,016 samples, 64.5%), MA (1,795 samples, 28.8%) and macroalbuminuria (412 samples, 6.6%). The dipstick test for MA had an overall sensitivity of 83.7%, specificity of 92.6% with a positive predictive value of 83.4% and a negative predictive value of 92.7%. The area under the receiver operating characteristics curve of the dipstick test for MA is 0.9427., CONCLUSION: The dipstick test for MA may be a useful method to initially screen for MA in Thai patients with type 2 DM.
Comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.; With the aim of comparing different urine collection periods in the assessment of micro-albuminuria, urinary albumin excretion rates (AERs) were measured in samples from 24 h, overnight, and morning urine collections in 54 patients aged 17 to 62 years with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with a mean duration of 15 years. The AER in overnight urine was found to be reduced by 25% compared to the rate in 24 h and morning urine. Assessing the ability to predict a 24 h AER within the microalbuminuric range (20-200 micrograms/min) we found a sensitivity of 90% and a specificity of 88% for both overnight and morning urine samples. These values were slightly improved by relating AER to the excretion of creatinine and it is concluded that overnight as well as morning urine collections can be used when diagnosing microalbuminuria in insulin-dependent diabetics. Furthermore the results show that the albumin to creatinine ratio in morning urine is a reliable estimate of 24 h AER and better than measurement of the albumin concentration alone.
Assessment of Micral-Test microalbuminuria test strip in the laboratory and in diabetic outpatients.; We have evaluated a semi-quantitative dry immunochemical screening method (Micral-Test) for the detection of low concentrations of albumin in urine. The stability of Micral-Test strips on storage was good, especially with regard to temperature, light and humidity. Changes in urine osmolality (urea and creatinine concentration), pH and sodium and potassium concentration did not have a significant analytical effect on the Micral-Test measurement; extremes of temperature altered the rate of colour development. The depth of dipping the strip into the sample and the timing of reading colour development were critical. We measured the albumin concentration in 184 urine samples from diabetic outpatients by the Micral-Test and by our in-house immunoturbidimetric method; a Micral-Test result of 20 mg/L had a sensitivity of 91% and specificity of 97% to predict a discriminating urine albumin concentration greater than 30 mg/L by the in house method. The Micral-Test is suitable for use by non-laboratory personnel and is capable of producing analytically acceptable results for use in diabetes clinics and by general practitioners.
Evaluation of serum cystatin C and chromogranin A as markers of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). The condition is characterized by persistent albuminuria and years of progressive renal structural changes associated with decline in the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). This study evaluates whether serum concentrations of the endogenous markers of GFR, cystatin C and chromogranin A could be used as indicators of nephropathy in 77 patients with Type 2 DM. On the basis of early morning urine microalbumin:creatinine ratio, patients were divided into patients without diabetic nephropathy (DN) who were normoalbuminuric (n = 27) and patients with DN who were microalbuminuric (n = 8) or macroalbuminuric (n = 42). Patients with reduced GFR or elevated serum cystatin C did not show the expected increase in serum chromogranin A. Twenty-six percent of the patients with normoalbuminuria and 6% of those with DN had serum chromogranin A below the detection limit of the assay (< 2 U/L). In patients with DN, serum chromogranin A showed significant correlation with serum cystatin C, but not with serum creatinine and creatinine clearance. Serum cystatin C and creatinine showed poor correlation with duration of DM and HbA1c. Serum cystatin C and creatinine were significantly higher in patients with DN than in normoalbuminuric patients. Serum cystatin C showed significant correlation with serum creatinine (rs = 0.45, p = 0.002), but not with creatinine clearance (rs = 0.23, p = 0.17) in patients with DN. Four of nine patients with creatinine clearance between 50 and 80 mL/min had increased (> or = 1.4 mg/L) serum cystatin C compared with only two patients with increased serum creatinine concentration. Twenty of 50 (40%) patients with DN had elevated serum cystatin C compared with 6 of 50 (12%) with elevated serum creatinine. If microalbuminuria is regarded as the "gold-standard" test, serum cystatin C has a sensitivity of 40% and specificity of 100% for the detection of DN. However, further studies are required to confirm the usefulness of serum cystatin C estimation as a screening test and as an early indicator and predictor of the development of DN.
Serum cystatin C and urinary enzymes as screening markers of renal dysfunction in diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: In clinical practice, the assessment and follow-up of early renal dysfunction is important in diabetic nephropathy. Therefore, this study was designed to determine whether the serum cystatin C (Cys C) and activities of some tubular enzymes could be used as screening markers for renal dysfunction in diabetic patients., METHODS: Serum Cys C levels and urinary activities of N-acetyl-b-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and whole blood glycolyse hemoglobin (HbA1C) were measured in 56 diabetic patients and 20 healthy subjects (controls). The results were compared with serum creatinine (Cr) and creatinine clearance (CCr), which were measured and estimated with the Cockcroft-Gault formula (CCG) and 24-hr urine microalbuminuria (MAU). We examined the influence of albuminuria, HbA1C and CCr levels of patients on the levels of the analyzed parameters. Sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of renal impairment were calculated by a receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve for serum Cys C, Cr and urinary enzymes., RESULTS: In normoalbuminurics, only serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG activities were found elevated as compared to controls. In addition to the elevation of serum Cys C levels and urinary activities of NAG, urinary ALP and LDH activities were also found elevated in microalbuminurics. Serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG, ALP, LDH activities started to increase above the normal range when CCr declined and while serum Cr was in the normal range in patients with 50<CCr<80 (grade 2 group). Moreover, these parameters in patients with good metabolic control were significantly lower than in patients with poor metabolic control. There was a significant positive correlation between serum Cys C, urinary NAG, LDH, ALP activities and serum Cr levels. However, there was an inverse correlation between serum Cys C, urinary NAG, LDH, ALP and CCr and CCG in diabetic patients. The ROC plot indicated that serum Cys C and urinary NAG and ALP had higher sensitivity than serum Cr and met the criteria for detecting glomerular and tubular dysfunction as screening tests for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy., CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that measuring serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG, ALP and LDH activities could be useful as screening markers to follow-up glomerular and tubular dysfunction in diabetic patients.
Micral-Test: a qualitative dipstick test for micro-albuminuria.; Micro-albuminuria is a very sensitive predictor of the development of renal disease in insulin- and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A reliable dipstick test for routine screening for micro-albuminuria is, therefore, desirable. Such a test has been developed by Boehringer Mannheim, Germany, and marketed as Micral-Test. It is an immunological slide-test with semi-quantitative properties. To evaluate its performance as a screening test we compared it with a turbidimetric immuno-assay. In 396 urine specimens from 132 patients, sensitivity was 91% and specificity 96% for a discriminating albumin level of 20 mg/l. Correlation with quantitative values was reasonable (r = 0.73). We also tested for micro-albuminuria, defined as mean albumin excretion rate of > or = 20 micrograms/min, determined with the turbidimetric immuno-assay in timed overnight urines on three consecutive days, whereas Micral-Test was considered to be positive for micro-albuminuria if the albumin concentration in one of the three urine samples was > or = 20 mg/ml. In 132 patients, the sensitivity of Micral-Test was 82% and the specificity 86%. Albumin excretion rate in all false-negative results was < 50 micrograms/min. We therefore concluded that Micral-Test is a useful qualitative screening test for micro-albuminuria in diabetic patients.
Evaluation of microalb immunoturbidimetric test for albuminuria screening.; Microalb, an immunoturbidimetric test for screening urinary albumin levels was evaluated for its potential as a screening test for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients. It was compared with the current standard, the radioimmunoassay (RIA). The results showed that the test lacks sensitivity while its specificity was acceptable. Therefore, it can not replace the RIA as the screening method. This study also showed that the first early morning urine could be used if a 24- hour collection was not possible, as its albumin content fairly correlated (r = 0.78) with the 24-hour urine collection of the diabetic patients.
The use of semi-quantitative urine test-strip (Micral Test) for microalbuminuria screening in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is an early marker of prognostic significance in diabetic renal disease. However, testing for microalbuminuria in a timed sample of urine using the double antibody radioimmunoassay (RIA) method is cumbersome and requires special laboratory facilities. Recently, a test strip for microalbuminuria, the Micral Test was available and we evaluated the performance of this test strip as a screening method for detection of microalbuminuria., METHODS: One hundred consecutive diabetic patients who were tested to be dipstick-negative (Albustix) for proteinuria were enrolled for the study. Micral Tests were performed on a paired first morning and random urine specimen from the same patient and the results compared with a timed 24-hour urine measurement of urine albumin excretion using the RIA method., RESULTS: Eighteen specimens were tested positive by the RIA method with a urinary albumin range of 32-177 mg/24 hours. With the Micral Test, the following sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values were obtained: 66.7%. 97.6%, 85.7% and 93.0% for the first morning urine specimens, and 77.8%, 91.5%, 66.7% and 94.9% for the random urine specimens., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that Micral Test with either the first morning or random urine specimen offers a simple, reliable, rapid and convenient method for screening of microalbuminuria in the diabetic patient.
The validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.; To assess the validity of urine albumin concentration (UAC) and the urine albumin:creatine ratio (UACR) in a random urine specimen (RUS) for screening diabetic nephropathy in Korea, a total of 105 ambulatory diabetes mellitus patients (male:female, 52:53), ages 40-75 years (median 59 years) collected 105 RUSs after completing a timed 24 hour urine collection. Albumin was measured by immunonephelometry. According to the timed urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) measured in the 24 hour collection (criterion standard), samples were classified normoalbuminuric (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 50), microalbuminuric (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 30), and macroalbuminuric (UAER > 200 micrograms/min; n = 25). The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve of UAC and UACR in a RUS for screening of microalbuminuria (normo- and microalbuminuric samples; n = 80) and macroalbuminuria (micro- and macroalbuminuric samples; n = 55) were plotted. Pearson's coefficients of correlation of 24 hour UAER vs. UAC and UACR were 0.81 and 0.75, respectively (P < 0.001). The point of intersection with a 100%-to-100% diagonal for microalbuminuria were as follows: 31.0 mg/l for UAC and 32.5 mg/g for UACR; for macroalbuminuria 181 mg/l for UAC and 287.3 mg/g for UACR. The sensitivity and specificity of the cut-off points for microalbuminuria were 77% and 82% for UAC and 77% and 92% for UACR. The sensitivity and specificity of the cut-off points for macroalbuminuria were 84% and 90% for UAC and 88% and 90% for UACR. In present study, no difference was observed when comparing the performance of UAC and UACR based on a statistical comparison by McNemar test. The repeated measurements of UAC and UACR in the same individual were statistically similar and were correlated with each other. Based on these results, albumin measurements (UAC and UACR) in a RUS were considered as a valid test for screening diabetic nephropathy.
SCreening for Occult REnal Disease (SCORED): a simple prediction model for chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Despite the wide availability and low cost of serum creatinine measurement, at-risk populations are not routinely tested for chronic kidney disease (CKD)., METHODS: We used a cross-sectional analysis of a nationally representative, population-based survey to develop a system, SCORED (SCreening for Occult REnal Disease), that uses routinely available demographic and medical information to identify individuals with an increased likelihood of CKD. The analysis included 8530 adult participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys conducted from 1999 to 2000 and 2001 to 2002 in the United States. Chronic kidney disease was defined as a glomerular filtration rate less than 60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2). Univariate and multivariate associations between a comprehensive set of risk factors and CKD were examined to develop a prediction model. The optimal characteristics of the model were examined with internal measures. External validation was performed using the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study. A model-based numeric scoring system was developed., RESULTS: Age (P<.001), female sex (P = .02), and various health conditions (hypertension [P = .03], diabetes [P = .03], and peripheral vascular disease [P = .008]; history of cardiovascular disease [P = .001] and congestive heart failure [P = .04]; and proteinuria [P<.001] and anemia [P = .003]) were associated with CKD. The multivariate model was well validated in the internal and external data sets (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.88 and 0.71, respectively). A score of 4 or greater was chosen by internal validation as a cutoff point for screening based on the diagnostic characteristics (sensitivity, 92%; specificity, 68%; positive predictive value, 18%; and negative predictive value, 99%)., CONCLUSION: This scoring system, weighted toward common variables associated with CKD, may be a useful tool to identify individuals with a high likelihood of occult kidney disease.
Low rates of testing and diagnostic codes usage in a commercial clinical laboratory: evidence for lack of physician awareness of chronic kidney disease.; Improving outcomes for chronic kidney disease (CKD) requires early identification and recognition by physicians. There are few data on rates of testing or use of diagnostic codes for CKD. A cross-sectional analysis was performed of patients who were older than 40 yr and had one or more laboratory tests between April 1, 2002, and March 31, 2003, at a Laboratory Corporation of America regional laboratory. Objectives were to determine the frequency of testing for serum creatinine; prevalence of CKD, defined as estimated GFR <60 ml/min per 1.73 m2; and sensitivity of diagnostic codes for CKD for patients with and without risk factors for CKD and with or without cardiovascular disease (CVD). Of the 277,111 patients, 19% had serum creatinine measured, compared with 33 and 71% who had measurements of serum glucose and lipids, respectively. Patients with hypertension, diabetes, and age >60 yr were more likely to be tested for serum creatinine with odds ratio (OR; 95% confidence interval) of 2.09 (2.05 to 2.14), 1.22 (1.19 to 1.25), and 1.24 (1.22 to 1.27) respectively. Among patients tested, 30% had CKD. Sensitivity and specificity of kidney disease diagnostic codes compared with CKD defined by estimated GFR <60 ml/min per 1.73 m2 were 11 and 96%, respectively. In patients with hypertension, diabetes, age >60 years, and CVD, rates of testing and sensitivity of diagnostic codes were 53 and 14%, respectively. Low rates of testing for serum creatinine and insensitivity of diagnostic codes for CKD, even in high-risk patients, suggests inadequate physician awareness of CKD and limited utility of administrative databases for identification of patients with CKD.
Inclusion of albumin as a target in therapy guidelines: guidelines for chronic kidney disease.; Slowing the rate of progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) as a fundamental management goal has been greatly assisted by the development of clinical practice guidelines under the aegis of the National Kidney Foundation, through the K/DOQI process. Reductions in urinary protein and albumin excretion play important roles in these treatment strategies, with numerous studies describing short- and long-term successes in these endeavors. These approaches may also reduce the risks of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular morbidity and mortality, and of developing new onset diabetes mellitus. With enhanced sensitivity assays for urinary albumin, and the near-term availability of point-of-service testing, we will have the opportunity to address reduction of urinary albumin excretion as a defined goal and critical element in management of CKD. Carefully conducted clinical trials are needed to establish the utility of these assays, and to define optimal strategies for reducing urinary albumin excretion. With the successful outcomes of these studies, the reduction of urinary albumin excretion will receive its due emphasis in the management of patients with CKD.
The diagnostic accuracy of a urine albumin-creatinine ratio point-of-care test for detection of albuminuria in primary care.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is an important sign of chronic kidney disease and is detected routinely by measurement of urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR). A Siemens CLINITEK test designed for use at the point of care is available that can semiquantitatively measure ACR., STUDY DESIGN: Diagnostic accuracy study evaluating a urinary ACR point-of-care test., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: The semiquantitative ACR test was evaluated at the point of care in a representative primary care population (those with or at increased risk of chronic kidney disease) of 642 patients under standard operational conditions and compared with the reference standard of ACR measurement in the clinical laboratory., INDEX TEST: The point-of-care CLINITEK semiquantitative ACR test. This test uses dye-binding and catalytic assays for albumin and creatinine, respectively, on a Microalbumin 9 strip, which is read by the CLINITEK Status Analyzer, and ACR is calculated automatically., REFERENCE TEST: Laboratory measurement of albumin and creatinine on an Abbott Architect analyzer by immunoturbidimetric and enzymatic assays, respectively, and calculation of ACR., RESULTS: The prevalence of albuminuria (laboratory ACR>=30 mg/g) in the study population was 20.2%. Sensitivity and specificity of the point-of-care test for detecting albuminuria were 83.2% and 80.0%, respectively. Positive and negative predictive values were 51.2% and 95.0%, respectively; positive and negative likelihood ratios were 4.16 and 0.21, respectively. Twenty-three (3.6%) samples measured at the point of care were not analyzed in the central laboratory for a variety of reasons, including laboratory reception data entry errors., LIMITATIONS: Our sensitivity calculation is accurate to an approximately 8% CI., CONCLUSIONS: The instrument-read reagent strip test was a poor rule-in test for albuminuria at the point of care, as evidenced by the low positive predictive value, but was a reasonable rule-out test. Observed sensitivity was lower than reported in earlier laboratory-based studies. This decreased diagnostic accuracy needs to be balanced against the potential advantages of a point-of-care testing approach. Crown Copyright © 2012. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Assessing proteinuria in chronic kidney disease: protein-creatinine ratio versus albumin-creatinine ratio.; BACKGROUND: Quantification of proteinuria is important in the assessment of chronic kidney disease (CKD). The aim of this study was to investigate the optimal test to identify significant proteinuria., METHODS: We retrospectively assessed the relationship between total protein:creatinine ratio (TPCR), albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) and 24-h urine total protein in 6842 patients with CKD focusing on performance at thresholds of 0.5 and 1 g/day of proteinuria., RESULTS: The relationship between ACR and TPCR is non-linear. TPCR is highly correlated with 24-h urine protein (Spearman's rho = 0.91), though ACR also performs well (rho = 0.84). Using receiver-operator characteristic curve analysis, TPCR outperforms ACR at predicting 0.5 g/day [area under the curve (AUC) 0.967 vs 0.951, P < 0.001] and 1 g/day of proteinuria (AUC 0.968 vs 0.947, P = 0.004). A TPCR threshold of 100 mg/mmol had a higher sensitivity (94% vs 79%) but lower specificity (88% vs 95%) than an ACR of 70 mg/mmol to predict 1 g/day of total proteinuria. To achieve comparable sensitivity, the ACR threshold falls to 17.5 mg/mmol, with lower specificity than TPCR (69.8%). Sensitivity of TPCR rose with increasing age, and in females: to achieve 95% sensitivity in a man <49 years, requires a TPCR of 65 mg/mmol, compared to 179 mg/mmol in a woman >79 years. Non-albumin proteinuria was a lower proportion of total proteinuria in patients receiving angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockade than in those who were not (P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: TPCR is a more sensitive screening test than ACR to predict clinically relevant proteinuria. The diagnostic performance of both tests varies substantially with age and gender, and should be taken into consideration when interpreting results. Total proteinuria cannot be adequately predicted from ACR, and our results suggest that caution is appropriate before utilizing ACR in patients with non-diabetic CKD.
A study of the relationship between albuminuria, proteinuria and urinary reagent strips.; BACKGROUND: The aims of this study were to examine the relationship between proteinuria and albuminuria and to assess the equivalence between the albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) and the protein to creatinine ratio (PCR) at the cut-offs recommended by the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) guidance on chronic kidney disease. The sensitivity and specificity of the reagent strips used in our laboratory for the detection of clinical proteinuria was also assessed., METHODS: Urine samples (n = 117) were screened for protein using the Bayer Multistix 10SG and read manually. Urinary total protein and creatinine was measured on the Roche P Modular by the benzethonium chloride and kinetic Jaffe methods, respectively. Urinary albumin was measured by immunoturbidimetry on the Roche Cobas Mira., RESULTS: The relationship between urinary protein and albumin loss was non-linear (P < 0.05). As urinary protein loss increased the percentage of albumin to total protein increased. At the NICE guidance recommended cut-offs for clinical proteinuria (ACR > or =30 mg/mmol and PCR > or =50 mg/mmol) there was one discordant result between ACR and PCR (ACR <30 mg/mmol and PCR >50 mg/mmol). The Bayer Multistix 10SG had a sensitivity and specificity of 97% and 62%, respectively, for the detection of clinical proteinuria compared with ACR., CONCLUSIONS: The proportion of urinary total protein attributable to albumin changes with concentration. There was only one discordant result between ACR and PCR: therefore either ratio may be used for the identification of clinical proteinuria. As a screening test for proteinuria, the Bayer Multistix 10SG had an acceptable sensitivity but poor specificity.
Creatinine-based glomerular filtration rates and microalbuminuria for detecting metabolic abnormalities in US adults: the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Guidelines suggest searching for metabolic complications of chronic kidney disease when glomerular filtration rates (GFR) or urinary albumin tests are abnormal. This study aimed to quantify diagnostic test characteristics of these measures for detecting metabolic abnormalities., METHODS: Subjects were participants aged >or=20 years (n = 7,778) in the US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004. Low GFR was defined as creatinine-based estimate <60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2); abnormal urinary albumin-creatinine ratio as >or=20 mg/dl in men, >or=30 mg/dl in women; and metabolic abnormalities as abnormal potassium, hemoglobin, bicarbonate, phosphorus, or parathyroid hormone levels., RESULTS: Of adults, 5.66% had low GFR and 8.14% abnormal urinary albumin-creatinine ratio. Overall, 15.09% had >or= one metabolic abnormality, as did 34.07% with low GFR (p < 0.0001) and 24.27% with abnormal urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (p = 0.0021). Considered as a diagnostic test, the sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of low GFR for detecting >or=1 metabolic abnormality were 0.13, 0.96, 0.34, and 0.86, respectively. Corresponding values for abnormal urinary albumin-creatinine ratio were 0.13, 0.92, 0.24, and 0.86., CONCLUSIONS: A policy of searching for metabolic complications in every adult with low GFR or microalbuminuria has limited diagnostic yield. Copyright (c) 2007 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Influence of renal function and diet on acid-base status in chronic kidney disease patients.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the influence of potential renal acid load (PRAL) and renal function on the degree of metabolic acidosis in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD)., DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study., SETTING: This study was conducted at the Nephrology Outpatient Division of the Hospital Universitario Clementino Fraga Filho (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)., PATIENTS: Thirty CKD patients undergoing conservative treatment were divided according to plasma HCO(3)(-) values into acidotic (HCO(3)(-) 22 mM, n = 15)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Biochemical, nutritional, and anthropometric parameters and PRAL were measured., RESULTS: The mean of plasma HCO(3)(-) values was 17.7 +/- 2.8 mM in the acidotic group, and 25.1 +/- 2.2 mM in the nonacidotic group. There was no significant difference in mean PRAL values between the acidotic (9.8 +/- 6.4 mEq/day) and nonacidotic (12.7 +/- 10.0 mEq/day) groups, but there was a significant correlation between plasma HCO(3)(-) and creatinine clearance (r = 0.78, P < .0001). Based on the receiver operating characteristic curve, the level of creatinine clearance to begin detection of acidosis was 31.8 mL/min, with a sensitivity and specificity of 86.7%., CONCLUSION: The acid-base status of this group of CKD patients undergoing conservative treatment was mainly determined by degree of renal insufficiency rather than diet.
Cystatin C could be a replacement to serum creatinine for diagnosing and monitoring kidney function in children.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a worldwide public health problem. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is accepted as the best way to diagnose and monitor kidney function. Plasma Cystatin C (CysC) has been proposed as a better marker of GFR than serum creatinine (SCr), but it is not widely used because of some drawbacks with CysC assays. Our purpose is to determine the diagnostic accuracy of CysC and SCr for GFR estimation in children, using 99Tc-DTPA clearance (Cl(Tc)) as the reference standard. We also discuss some of the economic implications of these tests, in order to guide clinicians when to use CysC or SCr for the diagnosis or monitoring of CKD., METHODS: Data were collected from 109 Colombian outpatients aged less than 18 years referred for determination of GFR because of suspected or definite renal insufficiency. The cost of each test was determined in Bogota, Colombia, and in Madrid, Spain., RESULTS: Using a GFR of 90 mL/min as a cut-off value, we found: CysC sensitivity 75%, specificity 84%, and area under ROC curve (AUC) 0.84. SCr sensitivity 46%, specificity 100%, and AUC 0.72. Using a GFR of 70 mL/min as a cut-off value, we found: CysC sensitivity 100%, specificity 48%, and AUC 0.94. SCr sensitivity 77%, specificity 91%, and AUC 0.81. In all calculations predictive values behave correspondingly and ranges were narrow at CI 95%. In AUC, p=0.0001. Cost per enzymatic test in Bogota: CysC U$ 27; SCr U$ 2. Cost per enzymatic test in Madrid: CysC U$ 3; SCr U$ 0.08., CONCLUSION: CysC is a very interesting option, and could be a replacement to serum creatinine for diagnosing and possibly for monitoring kidney function in children.
Detecting microalbuminuria by urinary albumin/creatinine concentration ratio.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria, i.e. a subclinical increase of the albumin excretion rate in urine, may be a novel atherosclerotic risk factor. This study aimed to test whether microalbuminuria can be identified by measurement of urinary albumin concentration or urinary albumin/creatinine concentration ratio, instead of the usual measurement of the albumin excretion rate in a timed urine collection., METHODS: All 2579 subjects analysed were screened in a population based epidemiological study. Participants with diabetes mellitus, renal disease, haematuria, or urinary tract infection were not included. Urinary albumin (Ualb) and creatinine (Ucreat) concentrations were measured in an overnight collected sample by enzyme-linked immunosorbent and colorimetric assays, respectively. Urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) and urinary albumin/creatinine concentration ratio (Ualb/Ucreat) were calculated., RESULTS: The correlation between Ualb and UAER was 0.72 (n = 2579, P < 0.001), and the correlation between Ualb/Ucreat and UAER was 0.81 (n = 2579, P < 0.001). In the detection of microalbuminuria, the nosographic sensitivity and specificity, and the diagnostic specificity were 58%, 97%, and 66% for Ualb, and 73%, 97%, and 73% for Ualb/Ucreat, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: It is concluded that measurement of the albumin/creatinine concentration ratio is a specific and quite sensitive alternative to measurement of the urinary albumin excretion rate in timed collections, when screening for microalbuminuria.
Evaluation of the ARKRAY AUTION Eleven reflectometer in detecting microalbuminuria with AUTION Screen test strips and proteinuria with AUTION Sticks 10PA strips.; OBJECTIVE: Albumin/creatinine and protein/creatinine ratios were measured with the ARKRAY AUTION Eleven reflectometer using AUTION Screen and AUTION Sticks 10PA strips, respectively, against quantitative Siemens Advia reference procedures from 368 patient urines, as an evaluation of their applicability for use in points-of-care and small laboratories., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Direct reflectance measurements were utilized to estimate imprecision, as well as to suggest reclassification of ordinal scale categories into normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria groups (3.4 g/mol and 34 g/mol cut-off limits, corresponding to 30 mg/g and 300 mg/g creatinine in conventional units)., RESULTS: Analytically, ordinal scale albumin/creatinine ratios agreed in 86% of cases with those obtained from Advia measurements, resulting in a kappa coefficient of 0.79. Protein/creatinine ratios of the AUTION Sticks 10PA strip were classified into three groups at limits of 11.3 g/mol and 56.6 g/mol (100 mg/g and 500 mg/g in conventional units), with an agreement of 77% and a kappa coefficient of 0.65 against Advia procedures. To optimize clinical outcomes, cut-off reflectances of ordinal scale categories of AUTION Eleven were adjusted. The clinical specificity of detecting an increased albumin/creatinine ratio was then increased from 81% to 95%, with clinical sensitivity kept at 88% at the 3.4 g/mol limit of the reference procedure. Clinical specificity of the albuminuria field alone (at a clinical sensitivity of 88%) was only 73%. Adjustments to cut-off reflectances of the reported categories for protein/creatinine ratios increased clinical specificity from 54% to 94%, while losing clinical sensitivity from 97% to 89% only, with an improved concordance of 83% and a kappa coefficient of 0.75 against Advia measurements. The combination to creatinine measurements improved clinical specificity compared to 50% by the protein field alone. In economic terms, it is estimated that population screening for microalbuminuria using the AUTION Eleven reflectometer is cheaper than by quantitative albumin/creatinine measurements alone, based on the incidence of end-stage renal disease of 90 patients/million/year at the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District.
Evaluation of tests for microalbuminuria screening in patients with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The first step in the diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy is to measure albumin in a spot urine sample. The aim of this study was to assess the accuracy of urinary albumin concentration (UAC), urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), and the Micral-Test II in a random urine specimen (RUS) for microalbuminuria screening in diabetes mellitus., METHODS: Two hundred and seventy-eight patients collected 24 h timed urine specimens followed by RUS. Albumin (immunoturbidimetry) and creatinine were measured in protein-negative (Combur-Test) urine samples. Samples were classified as normoalbuminuric [24 h urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) <20 microg/min; n = 189] and microalbuminuric (UAER =20-199 microg/min; n = 89). Micral-Test II readings were performed in 130 RUS. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curves were constructed using UAER as the reference standard., RESULTS: The areas under the ROC curves were similar for UAC (0.934+/-0.032) and UACR (0.920+/-0.035; P = 0.626), but the Micral-Test II had lower accuracy to diagnose microalbuminuria (area = 0.846+/-0.047) than UAC (P = 0.014). The first cutoff point with 100% sensitivity for UAC was 14.4 mg/l (specificity =77.2%), and 15.7 mg/g for UACR (specificity =73.0%). Concerning the Micral-Test II, sensitivity and specificity for the 20 mg/l cutoff point were 90.0 and 46.0%, respectively. The agreement between UAER and the Micral-Test II for microalbuminuria diagnosis was 55.8% (kappa = 0.22; P < 0.001). The cost of diagnosing microalbuminuria was 1.74 dollars(UAC), 2.00 dollars (UACR) and 4.09 dollars (Micral-Test II) per patient., CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of UAC in a RUS was the best choice for the diagnosis screening of microalbuminuria in diabetic patients, considering cost and accuracy.
A comparative evaluation of various methods for microalbuminuria screening.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Microalbuminuria is a marker of abnormal vascular response and a predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. We evaluated a new quantitative office-based method to assess urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and compared it to other established methods., METHODS: Spot urine samples from 165 patients were analyzed at a single study site using the HemoCue system, Clinitek Microalbumin, and Chemstrip Micral test, as well as at a central laboratory, where UAE and creatinine levels were measured. The central laboratory UAE values were used as reference. We evaluated the validity of the HemoCue results and compared them to the respective data for the laboratory albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR). Additionally, we assessed, diagnostic sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of all four methods, as well as the reproducibility of the HemoCue measurements., RESULTS: Linear regression analysis demonstrated a good correlation for the HemoCue system (y = 0.9978x - 1.0217, R2 = 0.904) and ACR (y = 0.0815x + 0.3373, R2 = 0.784). Sensitivity and specificity for microalbuminuria diagnosis were 92 and 98% for HemoCue, 73 and 96% for ACR, 100 and 81% for Clinitek Microalbumin, and 70 and 83% for Chemstrip Micral dipstick, respectively. The correlation coefficient of duplicate HemoCue measurements was r = 0.98 (p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: The HemoCue system for microalbuminuria detection was as accurate and precise as laboratory ACR estimations. Its diagnostic performance was much better than that of widely used dipstick methods. Copyright 2007 S. Karger AG, Basel
Utility of the Dipstick Micraltest II in the screening of microalbuminuria of diabetes mellitus type 2 and essential hypertension.; BACKGROUND: In Mexico, diabetes mellitus type 2 and hypertension are leading causes of end-stage renal disease. Diagnosis of early renal damage with detection of microalbuminuria (microAlbU) is fundamental for treatment and prevention, and so avoiding the catastrophes of renal failure. For screening purposes, several simplified tests, including dipstick methods, fulfill the accuracy requirements for microAlbU detection compared with gold standards; however, no study has established the reliability of such tests in our setting., AIM: To evaluate the utility of micraltest II as a screening test for microAlbU compared with nephelometry in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 and non-diabetic patients with essential hypertension., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 as well as patients with essential hypertension of any age, sex and time of evolution, attending to three primary health-care units (UMF No. 3, 92 and 93, Guadalajara, Jalisco) were included. Patients with transitory albuminuria, secondary hypertension and serum creatinine > or = 2 mg/dL were excluded. Micraltest II was performed in the first morning urine sample, and nephelometry was performed in a 24-h urine collection. Diagnostic accuracy of the dipstick test was then determined., RESULTS: 245 patients were studied: 71 (29%) were diabetics without hypertension, 95 (39%) were diabetics with hypertension, and 79 (32%) had only essential hypertension. In diabetic patients, micraltest II sensitivity was 83%, specificity 96%, and positive and negative predictive values were 95% and 88%, respectively. Correlation between nephelometry and micraltest II results was 0.81 (p < 0.001). The best cut-off point for microAlbU was 30.5 mg/L, and area under the curve (+/- SEM) was 0.91 +/- 0.03 (confidence interval 95%: 0.85-0.96). In non-diabetic patients with essential hypertension, micraltest II sensitivity was 75%, specificity 95%, and positive and negative predictive values were 43% and 99%, respectively. Correlation between nephelometry and micraltest II results was 0.43 (p < 0.001). The best cut-off point for microAlbU was 28.2 mg/L, and area under the curve was 0.85 +/- 0.13 (0.60-1.10)., CONCLUSION: Micraltest II dispstick is a rapid, valid and reliable method for albuminuria screening in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 and in those non-diabetic patients with essential hypertension in our setting.
Clinical usefulness of measurement of urinary albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.; Mortality in diabetes mellitus is related mainly to its renal and cardiovascular sequelae. Microalbuminuria identifies those at increased risk of both complications, possibly because microalbuminuria is a marker of generalised endothelial dysfunction. Screening for microalbuminuria is of proven benefit in insulin-dependent diabetes, as therapeutic strategies are available that are at least partially effective. Such benefits have not yet been demonstrated in non-insulin-dependent diabetes. Arguments are presented to suggest that microalbuminuria should be defined on the basis of three or more daytime or 24-h urine collections. This increases sensitivity compared to the use of overnight urine collections while specificity is maintained.
Rapid screening test evaluation for microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria predicts clinical nephropathy and cardiovascular disease in diabetes mellitus. This study was undertaken to evaluate a screening microalbuminuria test with the Micral test II dipstick in a general practice setting and compare whether, if three urine samples are tested, any advantage is offered over a testing single sample. Two hundred and eighty diabetic patients attending a primary health care centre were studied. The first morning urine albumin concentration was determined by dipstick over 3 consecutive days. We studied two valuation methods: Method 1. Three-sample method: the test was considered positive if albumin was equal to or above 20 mg/l in at least two of three tests; Method 2. Single-sample method: we selected the third test, i.e. the most recent urine sample; if albumin was equal to or above 20 mg/l it was considered positive. The gold standard was the albumin excretion rate measured by a nephelometric method in a 24-h urine collection. Sensitivity, specificity, predictive values and Kappa coefficient were calculated. The diagnostic performance was assessed by a receiver operating characteristic curve. Microalbuminuria was defined for different thresholds of albumin excretion rate, 15, 20, 25 and 30 microg/min: their frequency was 38, 29, 23 and 18%, respectively. For method 1, the sensitivity of Micral test II oscillated between 70-94% and the specificity between 93-83%. For method 2, the sensitivity oscillated between 64-86%, and the specificity between 88-80%. Both methods had a high diagnostic performance. The Kappa coefficient was 84 and 60% for method 1 and 2, respectively. The Micral test II is a rapid, valid and reliable method for microalbuminuria screening in diabetic patients. It constitutes an important tool for diabetic surveillance in general practice. Although the use of three samples provides better results, the use of a single sample produces acceptable results at a low cost.
[Validity of semiquantitative methods of microalbuminuria screening in diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To analyse the validity of the Micraltest and Microbumintest semi-quantitative methods for microalbuminuria screening in type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care clinics., DESIGN: Crossover study to validate diagnostic tests., SETTING: Three general practices at an urban health centre., PATIENTS: Consecutive sample of 64 diabetics not dependent on insulin., MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Each patient's own doctor performed in the consultation the semi-quantitative determinations in a simple sample of the morning's first urine. As standard, a rate of albumin excretion above 20 micrograms/min, determined by immunonephelometry in a 2-hour controlled time sample, was used. The prevalence of Microalbuminuria was 25% (C.I. 95%, 14.4-35.6). The sensitivity of Micraltest was 69% (CI, 42-88), and its specificity 52% (CI, 37-67), corresponding to the cut-off point of 10 mg/L. The sensitivity of Microbumintest was 63% (CI, 36-84), and its specificity 67% (CI, 52-79). The combination of both tests in one sample had 75% sensitivity (CI, 47-92) and 44% specificity (CI, 30-59). Negative predictive values ranged between 84 and 85%., CONCLUSIONS: The semi-quantitative microalbuminuria detection tests are of limited use in the primary care clinic. Their sensitivity and the negative predictive value obtained in an isolated sample do not seem acceptable for a screening method.
Performance of 'Micro-Bumintest' tablets for detection of microalbuminuria in Nauruans.; Subclinical elevation of urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria) is useful for the detection of individuals at high risk of developing nephropathy in both insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. We have evaluated the performance of Micro-Bumintest, a semi-quantitative test for the rapid detection of microalbuminuria. A total of 1186 samples from a population-based survey of the high diabetes prevalence community of Nauru were studied. Compared with a radioimmunoassay method, the Micro-Bumintest had a sensitivity of 97.6%, specificity of 93.2% and overall efficiency of 94.8%, when 40 micrograms/ml was used as the discriminating albumin concentration defining microalbuminuria. Significant differences in radioimmunoassay results between categories of the Micro-Bumintest were found, indicating its usefulness as a semi-quantitative test. Compared with subjects with normal glucose tolerance, there was a statistically significant progressive increase in the prevalence of microalbuminuria as detected by Micro-Bumintest in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus. Micro-Bumintest performs well as a screening test for detection of microalbuminuria not only in the clinical situation, but also in population-based epidemiological studies.
Performance of a reagent strip device for quantitation of the urine albumin: creatinine ratio in a point of care setting.; AIM: We have evaluated the performance of a reagent strip (Clinitek, Bayer plc, Newbury) incorporating a novel dip and read device for the quantitation of the albumin: creatinine ratio together with their individual concentrations in urine., METHODS: The performance was compared with that of a lateral flow device for the semi-quantitation of albumin (Micral II, Roche Diagnostics, Lewes) and also a laboratory based procedure. The device employs novel methods for both analytes, using a sulphonephthalein dye binding at pH 1.5 for albumin and the peroxidase-like activity of copper creatinine complexes. The color yields of the separate reaction pads are monitored with the Clinitek 50TM bench top urine chemistry analyzer and compared to a pre-programmed calibration algorithm., RESULTS: The imprecision of the device was assessed by observing the discrepancy between duplicates in a total of 144 urine samples collected from patients with diabetes and/or renal disease; there were 10 discrepancies in the case of the albumin estimation (6.9%), 12 in the case of the creatinine estimation (12.5%) and 23 in the case of the albumin: creatinine ratio (16.0%). In the case of the Micral II, where 96 of the urines were analyzed there were 12 discrepancies (12.5%). When considered as a two-class test for albumin with a cut off of 20 mg/L the Clinitek gave a sensitivity of 95.4% with specificity of 78.9% and a positive predictive value of 87.4%. When analyzing four urines (two controls, two patient pools) with replicate analysis on the Clinitek system we found 100% agreement for the albumin estimation, 95% for creatinine and 96.7% for the albumin: creatinine for 60 analysis within a day and 100, 95 and 97.5% on single analyses each day for 20 days for the two urine controls. The discrepant results were always within one color block. When considering the albumin: creatinine ratio with a cut off of < 30 mg/g the Clinitek gave a sensitivity of 76.3% with a specificity of 89.1% and a positive predictive value of 89.7%., CONCLUSION: The Clinitek system provides a reliable means to screen for microalbuminuria with the opportunity of a semi-quantitative assessment when microalbuminuria is found.
Comparisons of cystatin C with creatinine for evaluation of renal function in chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Because of the limitations of creatinine (Cr) as a marker for the glomerular filtration rate (GFR), cystatin C (CysC) has been proposed as an alternative substance. The aim here was to clarify the characteristics of CysC compared with Cr., METHODS: CysC and Cr were measured in 199 patients with chronic kidney disease. Regression analysis between CysC and Cr and comparisons of the effect of gender, inflammation, prescription of prednisolone, smoking and diabetes mellitus (DM) on these markers were performed. Sensitivity and specificity of CysC and Cr to discriminate estimated GFR of less than 50 ml/min/1.73 m(2) were computed and evaluated by the receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC)., RESULTS: The correlation coefficient between natural logarithmic Cr [ln(Cr)] and ln(CysC) was higher than that between these variables per se (0.941 vs. 0.906). When Cr was lower than 1.10 mg/dl, CysC rose more sharply than Cr. CysC divided by Cr (CysC/Cr) was higher in females (1.35 +/- 0.33 vs. 1.16 +/- 0.30; p < 0.001), in patients with elevated CRP (1.33 +/- 0.40 vs. 1.21 +/- 0.29; p < 0.001) and in patients prescribed with prednisolone (1.42 +/- 0.33 vs. 1.20 +/- 0.30; p < 0.001). A stepwise multiple linear regression model indicated that ln(CysC) was positively correlated with ln(Cr), age, female gender, prednisolone prescription, elevated CRP and DM (R = 0.964, p < 0.001). The area under the ROC curve of Cr was 0.900 and that of CysC was 0.925., CONCLUSION: CysC is a promising marker for GFR because it was not gender- or age-related. However, inflammation, prednisolone and DM caused CysC to deviate higher than expected from GFR. CysC can rise sensitively in early renal dysfunction.
Screening for microalbuminuria. A comparison of single sample methods of collection and techniques of albumin analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate single-sample urine collections to determine their ability to screen patients for the presence of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria in patients with type I diabetes predicts the development of diabetic renal disease., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of single-sample urine collection techniques (first morning void, random upright void) and methods of albumin analysis (RIA, reagent tablet) were compared with conventional 24-h urine collections (RIA). The study included 94 patients (45 males, 49 females; mean serum creatinine 88 microM) with type I diabetes, selected from a screened population of 301 patients from the University Hospital Subspecialty Clinics., RESULTS: A 24-hour urine collection RIA analysis for albumin revealed 36 normal patients (< 30 mg), 27 with microalbuminuria (30-300 mg), and 31 with albuminuria (> 300 mg). Random upright urine samples were more sensitive (RIA 89%, tablets 78%) for the detection of microalbuminuria than first morning void specimens (RIA 70%, tablets 60%). Specificity was > 80% with both random and first morning voids., CONCLUSIONS: Screening for microalbuminuria can be performed in the clinic by random upright single-sample urine collections. When reagent tablets were used, these results are available immediately. Patients who screen positive should be confirmed by 24-h or other timed urine collections.
How effective are screening tests for microalbuminuria in random urine specimens?.; The effectiveness of four urine screening tests-microalbumin (MAlb), total protein (TProt), total protein/creatinine ratio (TProt/Cr R), and dipstick (DPalb) test for albumin-were evaluated for the detection of MAlb in random urine specimens. The following criteria were used to assess the effectiveness of each urine screening test: 100% specificity (no false positive results); cost effectiveness; rapidity and ease of performing the screening test; and increased laboratory efficiency. A "gold standard" for presence of MAlb in random urine samples was defined as a microalbumin/creatinine ratio (MAlb/Cr R) of > or = 30 mg/g. The least costly urine screening test was the DPalb, which, if assigned a value of 1.0, allowed a cost ranking order for the screening tests-DPalb (1.0) < urine TProt (1.03)  or = 30%. Of the four urine screening tests, only DPalb would significantly streamline the process of measuring urine MAlb. The dipstick test is inexpensive, easy and rapid to perform, does not delay measuring the ratio, since there is no wait for the screening test result, and can be used by referring laboratories to screen urine specimens before they are submitted to a central laboratory, thereby reducing laboratory workload.
The 10-year incidence of renal insufficiency in people with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the 10-year decrease in estimated creatinine clearance and the incidence of renal insufficiency and end-stage renal disease in a cohort of people with type 1 diabetes., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A population-based cohort of individuals with younger-onset diabetes (diagnosed at < 30 years old and taking insulin) participated in an examination during 1984-1986 (n = 891), a 6-year follow-up examination during 1990-1992 (n = 765), and a 10-year follow-up examination during 1995-1996 (n = 634). Serum creatinine and risk factors were measured during standardized protocols at each examination. Estimated adjusted creatinine clearance was computed by a modification of the Cockroft-Gault formula. A clinically meaningful change was defined as a decrease in the estimated annual creatinine clearance of > or = 3 ml.min-1.1.73 m-2.year-1. Renal insufficiency was defined by the development of a serum creatinine of 2.0 mg/dl or greater after the 1984-1986 examination., RESULTS: The 10-year estimated incidence of an annual decrease in the creatinine clearance of > or = 3 ml.min-1.1.73 m-2 for the cohort was 52.5%, and the cumulative 10-year incidence of renal insufficiency and end-stage renal failure was 14.4%. In univariate analyses, incidence of a decrease in the estimated creatinine clearance of > or = 3 ml.min-1.1.73 m-2.year-1 and the incidence of renal insufficiency were both related to higher glycosylated hemoglobin; higher diastolic blood pressure; the presence of microalbuminuria and gross proteinuria; more severe retinopathy; and a history of loss of tactile sensation or temperature sensitivity at baseline. In logistic regression analysis, after adjusting for the presence of microalbuminuria and gross proteinuria at baseline, higher glycosylated hemoglobin and higher diastolic blood pressure were associated with decreasing estimated creatinine clearance. In logistic regression analyses, after adjusting for the presence of microalbuminuria and gross proteinuria at baseline, the incidence of renal insufficiency was independently associated with age, glycosylated hemoglobin, hypertension, and serum HDL cholesterol., CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that a public health approach aimed at controlling glycemia, blood pressure, and serum lipids might result in reducing the rate of decline in renal function and development of renal insufficiency in people with type 1 diabetes.
A new tool to detect kidney disease in Chinese type 2 diabetes patients: comparison of EZSCAN with standard screening methods.; BACKGROUND: EZSCAN( R) (Impeto Medical, Paris, France), a noninvasive device that assesses sweat gland dysfunction using reverse iontophoresis, also detects early dysglycemia. Given the interrelationships among dysglycemia, vasculopathy, and neuropathy, EZSCAN may detect kidney disease in diabetes (DKD)., METHODS: An EZSCAN score (0-100) was calculated using a proprietary algorithm based on the chronoamperometry analysis. We measured the score in 50 Chinese type 2 diabetes patients without DKD (urinary albumin-creatinine ratio [ACR] <2.5 mg/mmol in men or ACR <3.5 mg/mmol in women and estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] >90 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) and 50 with DKD (ACR >=25 mg/mmol and eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)). We used spline analysis to determine the threshold value of the score in detecting DKD and its sensitivity and specificity., RESULTS: EZSCAN scores were highly correlated with log values of eGFR (r=0.67, P<0.0001) and ACR (r=-0.66, P<0.0001). Using a cutoff value of 55, the score had 94% sensitivity, 78% specificity, and a likelihood ratio of 4.2 to detect DKD with a positive predictive value of 81% and a negative predictive value of 93%. On multivariable analysis, DKD was independently associated with EZSCAN score (beta=-0.72, P=0.02), smoking status (1=never, 0=current/former) (beta=-2.37, P=0.02), retinopathy (1=yes, 0=no) (beta=3.019, P=0.01), triglycerides (beta=2.56, P=0.013), and blood hemoglobin (beta=-0.613, P=0.04). Patients without DKD but low EZSCAN score (n=10) had longer duration of disease (median [interquartile range], 13 [9-17] vs. 8 [4-16] years; P=0.017) and were more likely to have retinopathy (36.7% vs. 5.1%, P=0.02), lower eGFR (98 [95.00-103] vs. 106 [98.5-115], P=0.036), and treatment with renin-angiotensin system blockers (81.8% vs. 25.6%, P=0.002) than those with a normal score., CONCLUSION: EZSCAN may detect high-risk subjects for DKD in Chinese populations.
Albuminuria is an independent risk factor of erectile dysfunction in men with type 2 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Erectile dysfunction (ED) is a frequent comorbidity in men with diabetes and is frequently overlooked in routine clinical evaluation. Albuminuria, a marker of endothelial dysfunction, may link to ED., AIM: The study evaluated the association of albuminuria with risk factors of ED in men with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: The diagnosis of ED was based on a self-administered questionnaire containing Sexual Health Inventory for Men. Urinary albumin excretion rate was determined by urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) in spot urine., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The clinical variables and diabetes-associated complications to risk of ED were evaluated., RESULTS: Of 666 patients who received the questionnaire, 455 patients completed it. Among them, 82.0%, 28.1%, and 35.8% reported having ED, severe ED, and albuminuria, respectively. The UACR level was significantly higher in ED (0.20 +/- 0.83) and severe ED (0.34 +/- 1.18) groups compared with non-ED group (0.07 +/- 0.33). The presence of albuminuria adjusted for age and duration of diabetes was significantly associated with ED (OR = 2.76), and macroalbuminuria has stronger impact (OR = 4.49) than microalbuminuria (OR = 2.48). The other associated risk factors included hypertension, higher level of systolic blood pressure, lower level of serum hemoglobin, and estimated glomerular filtration rate. The presence of retinopathy, neuropathy, insulin therapy, using calcium channel blocker, and higher level of HbA1c further correlated with severe ED. Men with severe ED have higher prevalence of subnormal testosterone than the no ED patients. The high sensitivity C-reactive protein level, and the presence of metabolic syndrome were not risk factors. The 211 nonrespondents to the questionnaire had similar or worse risk profiles compared with the ED patients., CONCLUSION: Albuminuria is an important independent risk factor of ED in men with diabetes after adjustment of age and diabetes mellitus duration. Identification and control of albuminuria and other associated risk factors might play a role in the prevention or reversal of ED. Copyright © 2011 International Society for Sexual Medicine.
Antiproteinuric effects of angiotensin receptor blockers: telmisartan versus valsartan in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and overt nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Renin-angiotensin system blockade reduces proteinuria and prevents nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D). Experimental evidence demonstrates that angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) possess anti-inflammatory potential, which might contribute to reducing proteinuria and providing renoprotection., METHODS: We conducted a multicentre, double-blind, prospective, parallel-group non-inferiority study of 885 hypertensive [systolic blood pressure/diastolic blood pressure (SBP/DBP) >130/80 mmHg] patients with T2D, proteinuria (> or =900 mg/24 h) and serum creatinine (< or =3.0 mg/dl) who were randomized to once-daily telmisartan 80 mg or valsartan 160 mg; additional antihypertensive therapy was permitted. The primary endpoint was the change from baseline in the 24-h proteinuria after 12 months. Secondary endpoints included changes in 24-h albuminuria, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and inflammatory parameters asymmetrical dimethylarginine (ADMA), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) and urinary 8-iso-prostaglandin F(2alpha) (8-iso-PGF(2alpha))., RESULTS: Telmisartan and valsartan produced comparable reductions in 24-h urinary protein excretion rates: geometric mean reduction (95% confidence interval) [telmisartan, 33% (27-39%); valsartan, 33% (27-38%)]. No significant differences between treatments were seen in changes from baseline in 24-h urinary albumin excretion rate and eGFR at 12 months. With both treatments, greater renoprotection was seen among patients with better blood pressure control. No significant changes in ADMA or CRP were noted in either group after 12 months, but urinary 8-iso-PGF(2alpha) levels decreased by 14% with telmisartan and by 7% with valsartan (P = 0.040)., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with T2D, hypertension and overt nephropathy, the renoprotection afforded by telmisartan and valsartan appears similar, and the study was unable to show any effect beyond that due to blood pressure control. At doses used to treat hypertension, there is no evidence of inflammatory parameters being modified by ARBs in patients with more advanced kidney disease due to T2D.
Elevated serum total renin is insensitive in detecting incipient diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the influence of incipient diabetic nephropathy on the levels of total renin in serum., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fifty-five adult patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) were examined in a cross-sectional study. The main outcome measures were serum total renin concentration and urinary albumin excretion rate., RESULTS: The total renin concentrations in serum were significantly (P < 0.05) higher in 12 patients with microalbuminuria than in 43 patients without albuminuria, but this difference was significant only in men. There was a significant but weak positive correlation between urinary albumin excretion rate and serum total renin concentration in all patients (r = 0.412, P < 0.05, n = 55), but the sensitivity of high serum concentrations of total renin in detecting incipient nephropathy was low (17%). In the study group, two of the three patients suffering from proliferative retinopathy had the highest total renin concentrations in serum., CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuric patients have higher mean serum total renin concentrations than normoalbuminuric patients, but because of low sensitivity, high total renin concentration cannot be used for screening incipient diabetic nephropathy.
Inflammatory parameters are independently associated with urinary albumin in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Data about the relationship of inflammation to nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus are scarce. In the present study, we test the hypothesis that inflammatory parameters are independently related to urinary albumin excretion (UAE) at early stages of nephropathy., METHODS: Sixty-five patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria (MAB) or mild proteinuria (protein < 1 g/d) were included. We analyzed serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), as well as urinary level of this cytokine., RESULTS: Inflammatory parameters were significantly greater in patients with diabetes than controls; furthermore, urinary TNF-alpha levels increased significantly as nephropathy progressed. Median urinary TNF-alpha level was 7 pg/mg in normoalbuminurics, 13 pg/mg in microalbuminurics (P < 0.001), and 18 pg/mg in proteinurics (P < 0.001 versus normoalbuminuria and P < 0.01 versus MAB). Albuminuria was related to hs-CRP (r= 0.68; P < 0.001) and serum (r = 0.45; P < 0.01) and urinary TNF-alpha levels (r = 0.71; P < 0.001), but there was no association between serum and urinary TNF-alpha levels. Partial correlation analysis showed that hs-CRP level, urinary TNF-alpha level, duration of diabetes, and glycated hemoglobin level remained significantly associated with UAE. A stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that UAE was significantly associated with hs-CRP level (P < 0.001), duration of diabetes (P < 0.001), urinary TNF-alpha level (P < 0.01), and glycated hemoglobin level (P < 0.05; adjusted R2 = 0.73; P < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: Inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes at an early stage of nephropathy are independently associated with UAE. In addition to traditional metabolic and hemodynamic factors, it is possible to hypothesize on the participation of inflammation in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy.
Albuminuria is not associated with bacteriuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: It has been recommended that urinary albumin be measured in sterile urine for the proper diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy. However, the association between bacteriuria and urinary albumin is controversial., METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to investigate the association of albuminuria and bacteriuria in patients with diabetes. Medline and Embase were searched (beginning in 1950 until November 2010). Data were extracted independently by two investigators. The pooled OR estimates were calculated using the random effects model., RESULTS: We identified 305 studies in the database searches. A total of seven studies were included, providing data from 1,552 patients (mean age 56.4 years). The OR of bacteriuria for the presence of micro- and/or macroalbuminuria was 1.60 (95% CI: 0.97-2.66, I(2) = 66.6%) as compared to patients without bacteriuria. Funnel plots and the Egger regression test suggested no significant asymmetry in the analysis (p = 0.21). In a sensitivity analysis including the five studies (1,197 participants) that evaluated microalbuminuria as the outcome, the OR of bacteriuria for microalbuminuria was 1.22 (95% CI: 0.68-2.19)., CONCLUSION: In conclusion, no association was identified between albuminuria and bacteriuria considering the current literature. Further prospective studies of a large diabetic population are needed to clarify such an association. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Asymmetrical dimethylarginine is related to renal function, chronic inflammation and macroangiopathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes and albuminuria.; AIMS: Patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and micro- and macroalbuminuria are at increased cardiovascular risk. The endogenous nitric oxide synthase inhibitor asymmetrical dimethylarginine (ADMA) is increased in renal failure and could promote atherosclerosis. To determine the relationship between ADMA, renal albumin excretion rate (AER) and cardiovascular risk, we studied 103 T2DM patients., METHODS: ADMA, symmetrical dimethylarginine (SDMA) and L-arginine were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography in plasma from 36 normo-, 40 micro- and 27 macroalbuminuric patients with T2DM (age 64 +/- 11 years; 38 women) who had comparable age, sex and metabolic parameters. Forty-six patients had macrovascular disease (MVD)., RESULTS: ADMA was significantly increased in patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria [median 0.61 (interquartile range 0.55-0.70) micromol/l and 0.62 (0.50-0.79) micromol/l, respectively] compared with those with normoalbuminuria [0.55 (0.48-0.63) micromol/l; both P < 0.05]. SDMA was elevated in micro- and macroalbuminuria [0.57 (0.42-0.80) micromol/l and 0.64 (0.50-0.96) micromol/l] compared with normoalbuminuric subjects [0.44 (0.37-0.53) micromol/l; both P < 0.01]. Patients with increased AER and MVD had higher ADMA and SDMA compared with those without MVD (both P < 0.001). L-arginine was comparable between all groups. ADMA correlated significantly with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) but not with the extent of albumin excretion, body mass index, fasting glucose, HbA(1c) or plasma lipids., CONCLUSIONS: Increased ADMA in T2DM patients with albuminuria is linked to cardiovascular disease and is associated with renal dysfunction and subclinical inflammation.
Effect of insulin on urinary phosphate excretion in type II diabetes mellitus with or without renal insufficiency.; We investigated the effect of insulin on urinary excretion of phosphate in type II diabetes mellitus (DM) with respect to the absence or presence of renal insufficiency. A euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp was performed in 37 type II DM patients. Subjects were divided into two groups: group A consisted of patients with serum creatinine levels less than 1.5 mg/dL (n = 22), and group B consisted of patients with serum creatinine levels of 1.5 mg/dL or greater (n = 15). Blood and urine samples were collected at the beginning and end of the clamp, and urinary excretion of phosphate was evaluated by calculating fractional excretion (FE-P). Tissue sensitivity to insulin in the whole body was expressed as the glucose infusion rate (M value) and that divided by steady-state plasma insulin levels (M/I ratio) during the last 30 minutes of the clamp. FE-P in group A patients significantly decreased during the clamp (from 9.46 +/- 0.67% before the clamp to 7.12 +/- 0.73% after the clamp, P < .004), whereas FE-P in group B patients did not change significantly during the clamp. The percent decrease of FE-P (decrease of FE-P during the clamp divided by FE-P before the clamp) in group A patients was significantly higher than in group B patients (22.5 +/- 7.0% and 2.5 +/- 5.1 %, respectively, P < .04). In all 37 patients, the percent decrease of FE-P was negatively correlated with blood urea nitrogen ([BUN] r = -.36, P < .05), serum creatinine (r = -.34, P < .05), and serum beta2-microglobulin (r = -.44, P < .01) and positively correlated with creatinine clearance (r = .570, P < .004), but it was not correlated with the M value or M/I ratio. These results showed that the kidneys of diabetic patients with renal insufficiency are insulin-insensitive in terms of phosphate transport, and the insulin insensitivity is related to the glomerular filtration rate but not to systemic insulin insensitivity. The percent decrease of FE-P on clamp study could be useful for assessing the insulin insensitivity of the kidney, which probably occurs primarily in the renal tubules.
Plasma concentrations of osteopontin, but not thrombin-cleaved osteopontin, are associated with the presence and severity of nephropathy and coronary artery disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the present cross-sectional study was to assess possible associations between osteopontin (OPN), and thrombin-cleaved (N-half) OPN, and nephropathy and coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS: Plasma levels of OPN, N-half OPN, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were determined in 301 diabetic patients with (n = 226) or without (n = 75) angiographically documented CAD (luminal diameter narrowing >50%), as well as in 75 non-diabetic controls with normal angiography. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated in all patients., RESULTS: Plasma levels of OPN and hsCRP were significantly higher in patients with T2DM compared with controls. In addition, there was a higher occurrence of moderate renal insufficiency and lower eGFR in patients with T2DM (all P < 0.01). T2DM patients in whom OPN levels were greater than the median value had higher serum creatinine levels, a greater prevalence of mild or moderate renal insufficiency, a higher incidence of CAD, and lower eGFR (all P < 0.05) than T2DM patients in whom OPN levels were the same as or lower than the median value. However, there were no differences in these parameters when patients were stratified according to plasma N-half OPN levels. Furthermore, there was a significant correlation between OPN, but not N-half OPN, and the severity of nephropathy and CAD in diabetes. After adjustment for potential confounders and treatments, multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated an independent association between OPN, but not N-half OPN, and eGFR. Multivariate logistic regression revealed that higher OPN levels conferred a fourfold greater risk of renal insufficiency and CAD in patients with T2DM., CONCLUSIONS: The results of the present study demonstrate that there is an independent association between plasma levels of OPN, but not N-half OPN, and the presence and severity of nephropathy and CAD in diabetes.
Albumin excretion rate, albumin concentration, and albumin/creatinine ratio compared for screening diabetics for slight albuminuria.; Slight albuminuria, an overnight albumin excretion rate (AER) greater than 30 micrograms/min in an "Albustix"-negative sample, predicts development of diabetic nephropathy. This study compares the AERs for 261 timed overnight urine collections with the albumin concentrations and albumin/creatinine ratios for the same specimens (equivalent to first morning specimens). Thirty-one specimens (11.9%) had AERs greater than 30 micrograms/min. Use of an albumin/creatinine ratio greater than 3.0 mg/mmol to predict an AER greater than 30 micrograms/min gave a sensitivity of 96.8%, a specificity of 93.9%, and a predictive value of 68.2%, with a correlation coefficient of 0.921. Use of an albumin concentration greater than 17 mg/L gave a sensitivity of 96.8%, a specificity of 90.9%, a predictive value of 58.8%, and a slightly poorer correlation (r = 0.904). Evidently either method is acceptable as an initial screening procedure, but determination of albumin concentration alone would be preferable because of lesser cost.
[Evaluation of novel test strip to measure albumin and creatinine in urine].; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the clinical usefulness of novel test strip that simultaneously measure urinary albumin and creatinine. Testing was performed on 95 random urine samples from diabetics. Each sample was assayed with following methods: test strip by instrument (AX4280) reading and by visual interpretation, quantitative method for albumin, creatinine, and alpha1-microglobulin and cellulose acetate membrane electrophoresis. The results of test strip had good correlation with quantitative results. In the case of instrument reading, the sensitivity, specificity and consistency were 91.2%, 78.9% and 86.3% for albumin and 94.5%, 87.5% and 91.6% for albumin index (albumin/creatinine ratio; A/C ratio), respectively. The percent same level agreement for creatinine was 63.2%. After correction using creatinine value on test strip, 18.4% of samples defined as negative by albumin quantitative value were turned to be positive, 12.3% of samples defined as positive were turned to be negative. The same level of creatinine correction effect as the quantitative method was obtained at the test strip. When alpha1-microglobulin/creatinine (alpha1 m/g x Cr) ratio was compared with albumin index, percent positive of alpha1 m/g x Cr ratio was 35.0% for samples with albumin index less than 30 mg/g x Cr, 59.5% for those with albumin index between 30 and 300 mg/g x Cr. In addition, on cellulose acetate membrane electrophoresis, both retinol binding protein (RBP) and beta2-microglobulin (beta2 m) were detected in 12.5% of patients in normal condition or pre-nephropathy. Among patients at early-nephropathy, the detection rate of RBP and beta2 m were 20.0% and 15.0% respectively. These results indicate that the renal tubule is also damaged at the early stages of nephropathy.
[Value of the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio in the detection of microalbuminuria].; Microalbuminuria is currently defined as a urinary albumin excretion rate of 20 to 200 micrograms per minute, measured in the urine of 24 hours. We present an indirect approach to the urinary albumin daily excretion rate which minimizes the errors due to chronometric measurement and to the difficulty of collecting 24-hour urine. The albumin (mg/l)/creatinine (mmol/l) ratio calculated in urine collected daily indicates microalbuminuria when it is higher than 2.97 in women and 2.48 in men. The interpretation of this ratio is discussed in terms of sensitivity, specificity and predictive value.
[Changes in serum and urine ceruloplasmin concentrations in type 2 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To determine the changes in serum and urine ceruloplasmin (Cp) concentrations in type 2 diabetes, and to explore its clinical significance., METHODS: Cp concentrations of 57 serum samples were measured by radioimmunoassay and ratenephelometry. In the meantime, the serum and urine Cp concentrations in 110 healthy individuals and 104 type 2 diabetic patients were determined by ratenephelometry. For analysis and comparison, 104 type 2 diabetic patients were divided into imperfect glycemic control subgroup (n = 54) and perfect glycemic control subgroup (n = 50), diabetic nephropathy subgroup (n = 47) and non-diabetic nephropathy subgroup (n = 57)., RESULTS: Serum Cp concentrations obtained with the radioimmunoassay and ratenephelometry methods were highly correlated and essentially indistinguishable. The cut-off point of the serum Cp concentrations was 542 mg/L and that of the ratio of Cp and creatinine was 0. 892 ng/mmol, which was determined according to the upper limit of 97.5% credit intervals or 97.5% percentile in 110 healthy individuals. Cp concentrations in type 2 diabetic patients were significantly higher than those in the healthy individuals (P <0.001). Of the type 2 diabetic patients, the imperfect glycemic subgroup had higher serum Cp concentrations than those of the perfect glycemic subgroup (P <0.01). The urine ratio of Cp and creatinine in diabetic nephropathy subgroup was significantly higher than that in non-diabetic nephropathy subgroup (P < 0.001). Urine ratio of Cp and creatinine in diagnosing diabetic nephropathy had 91.4% of sensitivity, 61.4% of specificity, and 75.0% of concordance., CONCLUSION: Detection of serum Cp levels has some reference value in understanding the state of diabetes. Combined determination of urine ratio of Cp and creatinine and ratio of albumin and creatinine is significant in the early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy.
[The clinical significance of detection of urinary ceruloplasmin in type 2 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical significance of detection of urinary ceruloplasmin (Cp) in type 2 diabetes., METHODS: To measure albumin/creatinine(Alb/Cr) and Cp/Cr in morning urinary specimens, from 134 normal controls and 3 960 diabetes, with RIA and ELISA separately., RESULTS: (1) The range of urinary Cp/Cr for normal controls was 0.01 - 1.12 ng/mmol, median 0.36 ng/mmol. Cp/Cr > 0.924 ng/mmol was considered as abnormal, and there was no significant difference between males and females, as well as among subjects of different age. (2) The sensitivity and specificity of Cp/Cr were 90% and 66% respectively with Alb/Cr > 2.5 mg/mmol as a golden standard for diabetic nephropathy, and Kappa value 0.48. Urinary Cp/Cr correlated well with Alb/Cr. (3)After sub-maximal exercise, Cp/Cr elevated markedly with no significant change of Alb/Cr., CONCLUSION: Urinary Cp/Cr could be considered as a marker of diabetic nephropathy and might be more sensitive than Alb/Cr.
An aid to the early detection and management of diabetic nephropathy: assessment of a new point of care microalbuminuria system in the diabetic clinic.; AIMS: To compare the performance of the DCA2000 microalbuminuria system for albumin and creatinine concentrations and the albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) with laboratory measurements in the hospital diabetes clinic and to assess the ease of use and applicability by standard clinic personnel., METHODS: Urine albumin and creatinine concentration and ACR were measured in 154 diabetic patient samples and in 77 normal subjects. Both albumin assays are based on immunoturbidimetry. The DCA2000 system utilizes reagent cartridges processed automatically., RESULTS: Control material within-run precision (coefficient of variation (CV)) for albumin and creatinine ranged up to 7.1% and 3.3% respectively. Between-run CVs ranged from 2.1% to 4.3%. Method comparisons yielded correlation coefficients > 0.99 for albumin, creatinine and ACR, only a small negative bias of 3.2 mg/l for albumin and 0.10 mg/mmol for ACR, no concentration-related bias for ACR and no between-method difference for either albumin (P = 0.195) or ACR (P = 0.341). At a laboratory albumin concentration cut-off of 20 mg/l the sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive predictive values were 92.4% 100% 92.7% and 100%. Normal reference range mean albumin, creatinine and ACR values for the DCA2000 and the laboratory were 7.7 mg/l vs. 9.0 mg/l 13.0 mmol/l vs. 12.6 mmol/l and 0.66 mg/mmol vs. 0.81 mg/mmol respectively. Clinic personnel found that the DCA2000 system was easy to use suited the clinic environment and generated confidence in the results., CONCLUSIONS: This point of care system safely substitutes laboratory-based measurements. Ease of use and low cost make it suitable for screening and monitoring diabetes treatment. It facilitates the use of random urines, and may obviate the need for timed samples. This approach has a clear place in the battle to reduce the diabetic vascular disease burden.
A simple approach to screening for microalbuminuria in a type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic population.; The reproducibility of albumin concentration in first-morning samples of urine was assessed in 334 insulin-dependent diabetic patients aged 18-60 years. The albumin excretion rate was determined immunoturbidimetrically in three sterile, Albustix-negative, first-morning urine samples submitted over a week. An abnormally high mean value, greater than or equal to 2.5 mg albumin per mmol creatinine (Ua/Uc), was found in 33 patients (9.9%). These patients were older (mean 42 vs 34 years, P less than 0.01), had longer disease duration (18 vs 14 years, P less than 0.01) and higher HbA1c values (6.8 vs 6.3%, P less than 0.05) than those without microalbuminuria. Although triplicate samples were collected within 7 days, Ua/Uc showed considerable intraindividual variation, with a mean coefficient of variation of 49%. Despite this it was found that Ua/Uc values greater than 1 mg/mmol on the first specimen had a sensitivity of 97% and a specificity of 82% for detecting those with a three-sample mean value greater than 2.5 mg/mmol. Thus virtually all those with microalbuminuria (32/33) had a single first-morning result greater than 1 mg/mmol, and in those with a lower ratio microalbuminuria was excluded with more than 99% certainty.
Albuminuria estimated from proteinuria in diabetics. Is it a real alternative in clinical practice?.; While proteinuria detectable by dip-sticks is the hallmark of overt diabetic nephropathy, urinary albumin excretion (UAE) above normal but Albustix-negative (so-called microalbuminuria) is the main characteristic of the preproteinuric phase of the diabetic renal disease. Reliable measurement of UAE requires very sensitive and accurate methods, such as radioimmunoassay (RIA), which, however, are not suitable for routine UAE analysis. The Coomassie Brilliant Blue dye binding method has been suggested to be a simple and economical way of indirectly measuring albuminuria in diabetic patients. In the present paper, we compared the chemico-clinical characteristics of a RIA method with those of the Coomassie dye binding method, in order to verify if it is really possible to calculate albuminuria from proteinuria (and vice versa) by a simple linear regression equation, as previously suggested. The RIA has shown a better sensitivity and accuracy in comparison to the dye binding method. Our study suggests that there is not a linear relationship between proteinuria and albuminuria in diabetic patients. Indeed, the ratio between the total proteinuria, as measured with the dye method, and the albuminuria, as measured by a specific and sensitive RIA, varies greatly in diabetic patients with or without glomerular nephropathy. While the dye binding method appears the best procedure for the assay of total microproteinuria, since it is precise, cheap and feasible, the RIA, due to its high sensitivity and specificity, is more suitable for early and accurate detection of microalbuminuria, as well for the close follow-up of subjects at risk of developing overt diabetic nephropathy.
Clinical indicators which necessitate renal biopsy in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with renal disease.; BACKGROUND: The diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) is always based on clinical grounds. However, the necessity for renal biopsy of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients with renal disease to establish the diagnosis remains unclear., METHODS: We retrospectively studied 50 type 2 diabetic patients performed with renal biopsy between December 2002 and December 2006. Based on renal pathology, patients were divided into group I: DN alone, group II: non-diabetic renal disease (NDRD) superimposed on DN and group III: isolated NDRD. Factors like DM > 10 years, retinopathy, previous minimal proteinuria without sudden heavy proteinuria, no glomerular haematuria and non-small-sized kidney were collected to evaluate their sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value for prediction of DN or NDRD in type 2 diabetic patients., RESULTS: Group I consisted of 24 patients, group II 15 patients and group III 11 patients. Acute interstitial nephritis was the most prevalent second renal disease in our study. Sensitivity and specificity for group I was poor in five features except high sensitivity in no sudden heavy proteinuria (83.3%) and non-small-sized kidney (95.8%). Comparable retinopathy, sudden heavy proteinuria and haematuria (p > 0.05) was noted between the three groups. Significant biopsy indicators included higher serum albumin, lower urinary daily protein excretion and lower 24-h creatinine clearance (C(Cr)) rate (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrated that DM > 10 years and retinopathy did not exclude NDRD in type 2 DM patients, and need for renal biopsy. Higher serum albumin, lower urinary daily protein and 24-h C(Cr) were indicative for biopsy to exclude NDRD.
Early renal involvement in diabetes mellitus: comparison of renal Doppler US and radioisotope evaluation of glomerular hyperfiltration.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the usefulness of Doppler ultrasonography (US) in the diagnosis of hyperfiltration in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eighty-one consecutive patients with IDDM were studied. All patients were normotensive and had normal creatinine and blood urea nitrogen levels. The glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was evaluated by means of plasma clearance of chromium-51 ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, urinary albumin excretion, US evaluation of renal volume, and Doppler evaluation of resistance index (RI) in the renal interlobar arteries. The patients were divided according to GFR into the following groups: those with hyperfiltering kidneys (group 1, n = 40) and those with normofiltering kidneys (group 2, n = 41)., RESULTS: The median renal volume was 351 mL (95% CI = 337 mL, 379 mL) in group 1 and 318 mL (95% CI = 300 mL, 335 mL) in group 2 (P = .005). The number of patients with microalbuminuria was significantly lower in group 1 than in group 2 (P = .02). The median RI was significantly lower in group 1 (0.55; 95% CI = 0.53, 0.57) than in group 2 (0.57; 95% CI = 0.56, 0.59) (P = .04). An RI of less than 0.5, a renal volume greater than 410 mL/m2, and the absence of microalbuminuria were independent predictors of hyperfiltration. An RI of less than 0.5 and a renal volume greater than 410 mL/m2 showed high specificity (98% and 95%, respectively) and poor sensitivity (25% and 23%, respectively) in the diagnosis of hyperfiltration in IDDM patients., CONCLUSION: Both RI and renal volume showed correlation with GFR, but neither parameter is sufficiently sensitive in screening for hyperfiltration in IDDM patients.
Use of protein: creatinine ratio in a random spot urine sample for predicting significant proteinuria in diabetes mellitus.; Present study was undertaken during a period of 6 months (September 2008-February 2009) to see an correlation of 24 hours urine protein estimation with random spot protein-creatinine (P:C) ratio among a diabetic patients. The study comprised of 144 patients aged 30-70 years, recruited from Kantipur hospital, Kathmandu. The 24-hr urine sample was collected, followed by spot random urine sample. Both samples were analyzed for protein and creatinine excretion. An informed consent was taken from all participants. Sixteen inadequately collected urine samples as defined by (predicted creatinine--measured creatinine)/predicted creatinine > 0.2 were excluded from analysis. The Spearman's rank correlation between the spot urine P:C ratio and 24-hr total protein were performed by the Statistical Package for Social Service. At the P:C ratio cutoff of 0.15 and reference method (24-hr urine protein) cutoff of 150 mg/day, the correlation coefficient was found to be 0.892 (p < 0.001). The area under ROC curve at different cutoffs was 0.88 at 95.0% CI. The sensitivity and specificity of the P:C ratio to detect significant proteinuria at the cutoff of 0.15 are 96.6% and 74.4%. So the P:C ratio can predict significant proteinuria in diabetic subjects, avoiding the inconvenient 24-hr urine collection but the cutoff should be carefully selected for different patients group under different laboratory procedures and settings.
Immunoglobulin G levels can predict non-diabetic renal disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Proteinuria in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) is sometimes caused by glomerular diseases other than diabetic nephropathy. In patients with type 2 DM (T2DM), specific predictors for non-diabetic renal disease (NDRD) are needed in addition to the traditional indicators for renal biopsy., METHODS: From 1 January 2000 to 31 March 2011, we retrospectively enrolled 54 T2DM patients with proteinuria who had undergone renal biopsies into the present study. Associations between NDRD and 20 potential biomarkers, including serum levels of Igs and proteins associated with kidney function, and urinary protein and red blood cell levels, and hepatitis virus carrier status, were analyzed by multivariate logistic regression., RESULTS: Multivariate logistic regression showed that reduced serum IgG (odds ratio [OR] 0.997; P = 0.006; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94-0.998) and creatinine (Cr; OR 0.587; P = 0.014; 95% CI 0.348-0.897) were predictors of NDRD. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC(ROC) ) confirmed the good discriminatory power of IgG (AUC(ROC) 0.857 +/- 0.058; 95% CI 0.744-0.970; P < 0.001) and Cr (AUC(ROC) 0.838 +/- 0.054; 95% CI 0.732-0.943; P < 0.001). The IgG level below which the risk for NDRD increased, as calculated by obtaining the best Youden index, was 919.5 mg/dL (sensitivity 91.7%; specificity 83.3%), and the corresponding Cr level was 4.1 mg/dL (sensitivity 58.3%; specificity 96.7%)., CONCLUSION: Serum IgG levels <919.5 mg/dL and serum Cr levels <4.1 mg/dL are associated with NDRD in T2DM patients. Copyright © 2011 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Hematuria in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Hematuria is not described as a common finding in diabetic nephropathy, and may suggest nondiabetic renal disease. We reviewed the records of 59 children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus referred to the Children's Kidney Center from 1983 to 1992. Fifty-two patients had clinical and/or biopsy evidence of diabetic nephropathy; 18/52 (35%) had microscopic hematuria at the time of referral. Patients with hematuria on presentation were referred for: hypertension (61%), proteinuria (61%), and decreased glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (11%). For patients without hematuria on presentation, reasons for referral included hypertension (79%), proteinuria (56%), and decreased GFR (3%). When comparing patients with and without hematuria, those with hematuria had a significantly longer duration of diabetes (12.8 +/- 3.1 versus 10.8 +/- 3.7 years, p < 0.05). The groups did not differ significantly with regard to age (18.3 +/- 1.8 versus 17.1 +/- 2.9 years), height (162.2 +/- 10.4 versus 159.3 +/- 11.3 cm), weight (63.9 +/- 10.9 versus 59.4 +/- 14.8 kg), systolic blood pressure (137.2 +/- 11.9 versus 133.2 +/- 13.2 mm Hg), diastolic blood pressure (85.6 +/- 7.6 versus 83.9 +/- 13.4 mm Hg), serum creatinine (1.0 +/- 0.18 versus 1.0 +/- 0.43 mg/dL), blood urea nitrogen (15 +/- 5 versus 13 +/- 4 mg/dL), glomerular filtration rate (117 +/- 34 versus 117 +/- 46 mL/min/1.73 m2), 24-h urine protein (2311 +/- 3862 versus 570 +/- 476 mg/day), or microalbuminuria (75 +/- 41 versus 34 +/- 35 micrograms/min). We detected a significant association between retinopathy and microscopic hematuria (sensitivity 47%, specificity 82%, p < 0.05), but no association between labstix proteinuria or sex and hematuria.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Prevalence of CKD in the United States: a sensitivity analysis using the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2004.; BACKGROUND: Estimates of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in the United States using the continuous National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) data set 1999-2004 indicate that 13.1% of the population (26.3 million people based on the 2000 census) has CKD stages 1 to 4., STUDY DESIGN: We performed sensitivity analyses to highlight assumptions underlying these estimates and illustrate their robustness to varying assumptions., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: NHANES 1999-2004 was a nationally representative cross-sectional continuous survey of the civilian noninstitutionalized US population. Our sample included participants 20 years and older., REFERENCE TEST: Estimated glomerular filtration rate (GFR) less than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) defined from the 4-variable Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) Study equation; albuminuria defined as persistence of urinary albumin-creatinine ratio greater than 30 mg/g., INDEX TESTS: We compared prevalence estimates using the MDRD Study equation with 2 other GFR estimating equations (equation 5 by Rule et al from the Mayo Clinic Donors study; Cockcroft-Gault equation adjusted for body surface area and corrected for the bias in the MDRD Study sample), and sex-specific cutoff values to define albuminuria., RESULTS: We found CKD stages 1 to 4 prevalence estimates ranging from 11.7% to 24.9%, a more than 2-fold difference resulting in population estimates of 25.8 million to 54.0 million people using 2006 population estimates. Considering only stages 3 and 4, which are not affected by the choice of cutoff values to define albuminuria, prevalence estimates ranged from 6.3% to 18.6%, resulting in population estimates of 13.7 million to 40.3 million people, a nearly 3-fold difference., LIMITATIONS: NHANES 1999-2004 is a cross-sectional survey and allows for GFR and albumin-creatinine ratio estimates at 1 point in time. NHANES does not account for seniors in long-term care facilities., CONCLUSIONS: Although CKD prevalence is high regardless of varying modeling assumptions, different assumptions yield large differences in prevalence estimates.
Albuminuria and insulin resistance in children with biopsy proven non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Insulin resistance may favor increased urinary albumin excretion (UAE), leading progressively to chronic kidney disease (CKD). A recent study on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a condition of insulin resistance, associated this disease with the incidence of CKD in patients with type 2 diabetes. The aim of our study was to determine whether there is an association between insulin resistance and kidney function, based on estimates of UAE and creatinine clearance in children with biopsy-proven NAFLD. Kidney function was assessed in 80 patients with NAFLD and 59 individuals of normal weight matched for age and sex. Insulin resistance was measured by means of the homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and limited to NAFLD patients by using the whole-body insulin sensitivity index. The HOMA-IR was found to differ significantly between the two groups (2.69 +/- 1.7 vs. 1.05 +/- 0.45; p = 0.002), while UAE (9.02 +/- 5.8 vs. 8.0 +/- 4.3 mg/24 h; p = 0.9) and creatinine clearance (78 +/- 24 vs. 80 +/- 29 mg/min; p = 0.8) did not. We found a significant but weak inverse correlation between insulin sensitivity and creatinine clearance in NAFLD patients (r (s) = -0.25;p = 0.02). No difference was observed in kidney function between NAFLD children presenting with or without metabolic syndrome, low or normal HDL-cholesterol, and different degrees of histological liver damage (grade of steatosis >or=2, necro-inflammation, and fibrosis). Patients with hypertension had increased levels of UAE (p = 0.04). A longer exposure to insulin resistance may be required to cause the increase in urinary albumin excretion and to enable the detection of the effect of the accelerated atherogenic process most likely occurring in children with fatty liver disease. Longitudinal studies are needed to rule out any causative relationship between insulin resistance and urinary albumin excretion.
Early improvement in albuminuria in non-diabetic patients after Roux-en-Y bariatric surgery.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a growing epidemic in the USA that has been shown to be associated with chronic kidney disease and albuminuria. Bariatric surgery is an effective means of achieving long-term weight loss and improvements in metabolic derangements including albumin excretion over the long term., METHODS: We report changes in urinary albumin excretion levels in the early post-operative period for a euglycemic, predominantly Hispanic American cohort undergoing Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery., RESULTS: Our cohort of 38 patients was largely female (89.5%) and predominantly Hispanic (76.3%) with a mean BMI of 46 +/- 8.0 kg/m(2). Over half (53.3%) of the patients with significant preoperative albumin excretion in our cohort lowered their albumin excretion levels to <20 mg/g of creatinine. This early reduction in albumin excretion in our cohort correlated significantly with the level of albumin excretion preoperatively but not with the degree of weight loss experienced in this early post-operative period., CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in microalbuminuria in the early post-operative period after Roux-en-Y surgery may result from an interplay between changes in gastrointestinal hormones, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, and adipose tissue-and needs further study.
Paricalcitol reduces albuminuria and inflammation in chronic kidney disease: a randomized double-blind pilot trial.; Vitamin D receptor activation is associated with improved survival in patients with chronic kidney disease, but the mechanism of this benefit is unclear. To better understand the effects of vitamin D on endothelial function, blood pressure, albuminuria, and inflammation in patients with chronic kidney disease (2 patients stage 2, remaining stage 3), we conducted a pilot trial in 24 patients who were randomly allocated equally to 3 groups to receive 0, 1, or 2 microg of paricalcitol, a vitamin D analog, orally for 1 month. Placebo-corrected change in flow mediated dilatation with a 1-microg dose was 0.5% and 0.4% with a 2-microg dose (P>0.2). At 1 month, the treatment:baseline ratio of high sensitivity C-reactive protein was 1.5 (95% CI: 1.1 to 2.1; P=0.02) with placebo, 0.8 (95% CI: 0.3 to 1.9; P=0.62) with a 1-microg dose, and 0.5 (95% CI: 0.3 to 0.9; P=0. 03) with a 2-microg dose of paricalcitol. At 1 month, the treatment:baseline ratio of 24-hour albumin excretion rate was 1.35 (95% CI: 1.08 to 1.69; P=0.01) with placebo, 0.52 (95% CI: 0.40 to 0.69; P<0.001) with a 1-microg dose, and 0.54 (95% CI: 0.35 to 0.83; P=0. 01) with a 2-microg dose (P<0.001 for between group changes). No differences were observed in iothalamate clearance, 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure, or parathyroid hormone with treatment or on washout. Thus, paricalcitol-induced reduction in albuminuria and inflammation may be mediated independent of its effects on hemodynamics or parathyroid hormone suppression. Long-term randomized, controlled trials are required to confirm these benefits of vitamin D analogs.
Screening for micro-albuminuria with Micro-Bumintest tablets and albumin/creatinine ratio.; The value of Micro-Bumintest tablets and the albumin/creatinine ratio in first morning (FM) urine samples to screen for micro-albuminuria in diabetic patients was evaluated. The A/C ratio in FM urine was highly correlated with the urinary albumin excretion (UAE) rate in micrograms/min in timed overnight (0) urine (R = 0.95, p < 0.001). The sensitivity, specificity and positive and negative predictive values of an A/C ratio > 3.0 to predict micro-albuminuria defined as an UAE > 20 micrograms/min were 94, 92, 92 and 94% respectively. The day-to-day fluctuation of albumin excretion varied between 10 and 105%. The sensitivity, specificity and positive and negative predictive values of micro-bumintest tablet reactions on FM urine samples to predict an A/C ratio > 3.0 were 93, 59, 63 and 91% respectively. It is concluded that for screening of micro-albuminuria the A/C ratio in FM urine is as precise as timed 0 urine collection, but with more comfort for the patient. Micro-Bumintest tablets are useful as an initial screening test and will decrease the number of quantitative albumin measurements in the screening programme by about 30% if only urine samples with positive tablet test are selected for a further investigation. Because of considerable day-to-day fluctuation of urinary albumin excretion several urine samples should be investigated before presence of incipient diabetic nephropathy is assumed.
Urinary schistosomiasis-associated morbidity in schoolchildren detected with urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) reagent strips.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) reagent strips for detection of urinary tract pathology (UTP) associated with urinary schistosomiasis in schoolchildren from Zanzibar., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Sixty-six schoolchildren were examined for urinary schistosomiasis and UTP using urine reagent strips (Hemastix, urine microscopy and portable ultrasonography. The UACR was estimated using Microalbustix; univariate and logistic regression methods were used to test for statistical associations., RESULTS: Prevalence of egg-patent schistosomiasis was 65.2% while 77.3% had micro-haematuria and 66.1% had a least one ultrasound-identified UTP. Abnormal UACR (> or =3.4 mg/mmol) was frequent (88.4%) but an unsatisfactory identifier of UTP, albeit highly sensitive: sensitivity (SS) = 100.0%, specificity (SP) = 23.8%, positive predictive value (PPV) = 71.9%, negative predictive value (NPV) = 100.0%. When only severely abnormal UACR was considered (> or =33.9 mg/mmol), SS decreased while SP improved: SS = 58.5%, SP = 61.9%, PPV = 75.0%, NPV = 43.3%., CONCLUSION: Abnormal and severely abnormal UACRs were strongly associated with egg-patent urinary schistosomiasis and UTP, although via different mechanisms: respectively, from venous blood released directly into the urine from bladder wall perforations, and from leaching sera released from chronic egg-induced lesions throughout the urinary tract. From a control perspective, Microalbustix reagent strips are therefore best applied in pre-screening protocols allowing selection, or rather confident exclusion, of schoolchildren with urinary schistosomiasis for more detailed investigations.
Association of microalbuminuria and the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio with systemic disease in cats.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the diagnostic usefulness of semiquantitative and quantitative microalbuminuria assays and urine albumin-to-creatinine (UAC) ratio for detecting disease in cats., DESIGN: Prospective study., ANIMALS: 441 cats evaluated at a veterinary teaching hospital., PROCEDURES: Urine samples from cats for which a complete medical record was available were included. Urine dipstick results, urine protein-to-creatinine ratios (cutoffs, 0.1 and 0.4), semiquantitative and quantitative microalbuminuria assay results (cutoff, 1 mg/dL), and UAC ratio values (cutoffs, 100 and 200 mg/g) were determined. Clinical diagnoses determined within 3 months of enrollment were recorded. Sensitivity and specificity were determined with disease status used as the standard. The influences of clinical diagnosis, sex, age, serum urea nitrogen and creatinine concentrations, blood pressure, bacterial urine culture results, rectal temperature, pyuria, hematuria, and bacteriuria were evaluated by means of logistic regression., RESULTS: Of 441 cats that were eligible for inclusion, 40 were healthy and 401 had > or = 1 disease. Results of logistic regression indicated that significant associations existed for age, presence of disease, presence of urinary tract disease, azotemia, hematuria, and pyuria and results of 1 or both of the microalbuminuria assays., CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Microalbuminuria was associated with underlying disease. Sensitivity and specificity of the microalbuminuria assays for detection of systemic disease were superior to those of other tests. Microalbuminuria testing in conjunction with other screening procedures may increase identification of occult disease. A prospective study evaluating the predictive values of screening tests with and without microalbuminuria determination is needed to validate this recommendation.
Evaluation of the association between microalbuminuria and the urine albumin-creatinine ratio and systemic disease in dogs.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate semiquantitative and quantitative assays for microalbuminuria and determination of the urine albumin-creatinine (UAC) ratio in detection of systemic disease in dogs without overt proteinuria., DESIGN: Prospective study., ANIMALS: 408 dogs., PROCEDURES: Urine samples that had been obtained from dogs for which a complete medical record was available and in which results of a dipstick test for urine protein were negative were evaluated. Urine protein-creatinine ratios (cutoff values, 0.5 and 0.1), semiquantitative and quantitative microalbuminuria values (cutoff value, 1 mg/dL), and UAC ratios (cutoff values, 100 and 200 mg/g) were determined. Clinical diagnoses rendered within 3 months of enrollment in the study were recorded. Sensitivity and specificity were determined with disease status serving as the standard. Associations with clinical diagnosis, sex, age, BUN and serum creatinine concentrations, blood pressure, results of bacterial culture of urine, temperature, pyuria, hematuria, and bacteriuria were evaluated by use of logistic regression analysis., RESULTS: 48 dogs were healthy, and 360 had at least 1 disease. Significant associations were detected between age, presence of disease, presence of neoplastic disease, BUN and serum creatinine concentrations, and hematuria and results of 1 or both of the microalbuminuria assays., CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Microalbuminuria was associated with underlying disease. The sensitivity and specificity of the semiquantitative microalbuminuria test for detection of systemic disease were superior to those of other tests. Microalbuminuria testing in conjunction with other screening procedures may increase diagnosis of subclinical disease, but a prospective study in which the predictive values of screening tests are evaluated, with and without microalbuminuria determination, is needed.
Screening school children for albuminuria, proteinuria and occult blood with dipsticks.; Beginning in 1974, the Japanese Ministry of Health Welfare directed the screening of schoolchildren for proteinuria. We studied their procedure and methods in 6197 school children and also evaluated a new urine dipstick that measures albumin concentrations down to about 10 mg/l and creatinine down to about 300 mg/l. We used specimens from adult in- and outpatients to test the accuracy of the dipsticks. Based on the quantitative results, we set as cutoffs < 150 mg/l for protein and < 30 mg/l for albumin as the concentrations representing "low risk." The quantitative values were assumed to be correct, and the dipstick results were judged accordingly, i.e., a dipstick protein of > or = "150" mg/l or an albumin of I "30" mg/l indicated increased risk of developing or having a genitourinary disorder. The sensitivity/specificity of the protein dipstick was 95.1%/95.5%, and the same for the albumin dipstick was 83.8%/93.8%. The cut-off for the albumin dipsticks probably should be set somewhat lower to reduce the number of false negatives and increase the sensitivity of the dipstick. When we compared the quantitative albumin to the protein dipsticks with the above cut-offs, we found the sensitivity/specificity to be 79.3%/94.4%, i.e., much like the albumin dipstick results. The many reports on the association of albuminuria and risk of renal disease recommend that screening should be done for albumin rather than protein. Based on the data from the school children, we estimate that a dipstick albumin of "30" mg/l is borderline increased risk, and that a protein dipstick of "150" mg/l is the same. If we call the dipstick "10" mg/l albumin, "30" mg/l albumin and the "150" mg/l protein results "low risk," then we estimate the prevalence of albuminuria in the school children to be about 2.1% and proteinuria to be about 4.3%. Children with these values should have a quantitative test for albumin and protein. We also tested a dipstick for creatinine and found increasing values with increasing age in both genders; the older boys had significantly higher creatinine values than the older girls and younger boys. For the albumin/creatinine ratio, we found 6028 children with a ratio of < 30 mg/g indicating low risk and 159 children with a ratio of > or = 30 mg/g indicating increased risk. The ratio may be more useful owing to the likely reduction of the number of false negatives and false positives.
Diagnostic accuracy of a reagent strip for assessing urinary albumin excretion in the general population.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is a sensitive marker of renal derangement and has been included in a number of studies investigating chronic kidney diseases (CKDs). This study is aimed to evaluate the diagnostic performances of a strip for measuring the albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) in the general population and to compare it with those found in a diabetic population., METHODS: Urine samples were obtained from 201 consecutive subjects enrolled in an epidemiological study and from 259 type 2 diabetic patients. Urine was tested for albumin and creatinine using the strip (Clinitek Microalbumin) and laboratory methods. A hundred samples were stored under various conditions to assess analyte stability., RESULTS: In the general population, the strip test reached a 90% sensitivity and 91% specificity, considering the laboratory method as the 'gold standard', sparing >80% of subjects the laboratory tests at the expense of a 1% false negative rate and an 8% false positive rate. Regarding sensitivity and specificity, the ACR test performs very similarly in the general population and in the diabetics. The stability study showed that storage at -20 degrees C induced a significant decrease in the albumin concentration with both methods, such that 5% of the samples were re-classified in the lower ACR class. Storage at -80 degrees C for up to 12 months did not affect the measurement with both methods., CONCLUSION: Clinitek Microalbumin strips can be used for screening purposes in the general population since they correctly classify a significant percentage of subjects, particularly those with a normal albuminuria. Storage at -80 degrees C does not affect strip results. Screening with the strip and confirming positive results with a wet chemistry method are an efficient strategy for detecting albuminuria in the general population.
Rapid immunochromatographic strip test for the detection of albuminuria and brief literature review on albuminuria screening.; Albuminuria is a powerful predictor of cardiovascular events in diabetic and hypertensive patients as well as in the general population. In the present study we evaluated the diagnostic performance of the new PreventID Albumin test, a semi-quantitative immunochromatographic dipstick device for the rapid detection of low concentrations of urinary albumin (microalbuminuria). 88 randomly selected fresh urine samples from the central clinical laboratory of the Charite, Berlin/Germany were analysed. The diagnostic accuracy of the PreventID Albumin test for the detection of urinary albumin excretion >18 mg/l was assessed by comparing the results with urinary albumin excretion determined by immunoturbidimetry as golden standard. In comparison with immunoturbidimetry the PreventID Albumin test had a sensitivity of 96.2% and specificity of 97.1%. False negative results were found in 2.3% and false positive results were obtained in 1.1% of specimens. These findings suggest that the PreventID Albumin test may be a useful and valid method for the screening of albuminuria. However, it should not be regarded as a diagnostic test. Positive results should be followed by quantification of urinary albumin or albumin/creatinine ratio by a laboratory based method.
Diagnostic accuracy of urine dipsticks for detection of albuminuria in the general community.; BACKGROUND: Urine dipsticks, an inexpensive accessible test for proteinuria, are widely advocated for mass screening; however, their diagnostic accuracy in the general community is largely unknown., STUDY DESIGN: Evaluation of diagnostic test accuracy in a cross-sectional cohort., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: AusDiab, a representative survey of Australian adults 25 years and older (conducted in 1999/2000). Stratified cluster random sampling from 11,247 individuals participating in the biomedical examination; complete urinalysis data available for 10,944., INDEX TEST: Urine dipsticks (Bayer Multistix), with a positive result defined as >=1+ or trace or higher protein., REFERENCE TEST: Albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR), measured on a random spot urine sample. Reference test positivity was defined as ACR >=30 mg/g or ACR >=300 mg/g., RESULTS: Numbers of participants with ACR <30, 30-300, and >=300 mg/g were 10,219 (93.4%), 634 (5.8%), and 91 (0.8%), respectively. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) for dipstick detection of ACR >=30 mg/g was 0.8451 +/- 0.0129 (SE) in men and 0.7775 +/- 0.0131 in women (P < 0.001). The AUROC for dipstick detection of ACR >=300 mg/g was 0.9904 +/- 0.0030 in men and 0.9950 +/- 0.0016 in women (P = 0.02). Dipstick result >=1+ identified ACR >=30 mg/g with 57.8% sensitivity (95% CI, 54.1%-61.4%) and 95.4% specificity (95% CI, 95.0%-95.8%) and identified ACR >=300 mg/g with 98.9% sensitivity (99% CI, 92.1%-100%) and 92.6% specificity (99% CI, 92.0%-93.3%). A dipstick result of trace or higher identified ACR >=30 mg/g with 69.4% sensitivity (95% CI, 65.9%-72.7%) and 86.8% specificity (95% CI, 86.1%-87.4%) and identified ACR >=300 mg/g with 100% sensitivity (99% CI, 94.3%-100%) and 83.7% specificity (99% CI, 82.8%-84.6%). A negative dipstick result (less than trace) had a negative predictive value of 97.6% (95% CI, 97.2%-97.9%) for ACR >=30 mg/g and a negative predictive value of 100% (99% CI, 99.9%-100%) for ACR >=300 mg/g. The probability of an ACR >=30 mg/g confirmed on laboratory investigation was 47.2% (95% CI, 43.9%-50.5%) based on a dipstick result >=1+ and 27.1% (95% CI, 25.1%-29.2%) based on a trace or higher result., LIMITATIONS: Isolated urine samples precluded assessment of test reproducibility. Urine specific gravity and pH were not recorded; therefore, the effect of urine concentration on test performance was not assessed., CONCLUSIONS: A dipstick test result <1+ or less than trace has a high negative predictive value in the general community setting, with minimal risk of a missed diagnosis of macroalbuminuria. High false-positive rates emphasize the need for laboratory confirmation of positive results. Copyright © 2011 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Microalbuminuria and pregnancy. Is microalbuminuria predictive of pregnancy toxemia?].; Several authors have suggested that estimating the levels of microalbuminuria will help in early screening for pre-eclampsia. The purpose of this work has been to look for the absence of microalbuminuria in normal pregnancies and to work out its predictive value for the risk of toxaemia of pregnancy when it does appear. The study was carried out on 257 women of whom 43 were controls and 214 women who were pregnant and had neither diabetes nor hypertension and had no kidney infections. The samples of urine were gathered in a 12 hour period of night and those that gave a positive reaction for albumin were rejected. RIA techniques were used to work out the levels of albuminuria and these were confirmed by immunoassay. We have compared microalbuminuria, the relationship between urine albumin and creatinine and the clearance of albumin in relationship to albuminuria (as defined by the relationship of albumin and creatinine clearance). We have calculated the sensitivity and the specificity and the prognostic value both positive and negative for these four parameters. Our results show that in a normal pregnancy there should not be any microalbuminuria, and on the other hand that if microalbuminuria does appear according to the four parameters studied, they are all equally sensitive for predicting pre-eclampsia. The relative clearance of albumin from the urine seems to be the most interesting parameter as far as we are concerned, and it could lead to early screening for toxaemia.
A screening test for microalbuminuria in type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes.; In this study we evaluated the acceptability of using the first morning urine albumin concentration (FMAC) and the first morning urine albumin/creatinine (FMA/C) ratio as an indirect estimation of timed albumin excretion in order to screen for microalbuminuria in a large diabetic population. Urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) was determined in samples from 4-h urine collection in 99 type 1 diabetic patients aged 30 +/- 10 years with a mean duration of diabetes of 15 +/- 8 years. The results of timed albumin excretion were successively compared with single-void first morning samples. On the basis of AER, 46 patients were normoalbuminuric (AER less than 20 micrograms/min), 28 microalbuminuric (AER 20-200 micrograms/min), and 25 proteinuric (AER greater than 200 micrograms/min). The relationship of 4-h AER to FMAC and FMA/C ratio was highly significant (r = 0.96 and r = 0.98 respectively). High sensitivity and specificity were found when cut-offs of 20 micrograms/ml and 2.5 mg/mmol were selected for albumin concentration and albumin/creatinine ratio respectively to discriminate between normal and elevated albuminuria. It is concluded that the measurements of albumin concentration and albumin/creatinine ratio in first morning urine samples are highly representative of 4-h timed albumin excretion. Because of their sensitivity, specificity and simplicity to perform, the tests proposed might be used in routine diabetic care and as a screening test for microalbuminuria in type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic patients. The not negligible day-to-day variability in albumin excretion confirms the need of several measurements to establish the presence of abnormal levels of albuminuria above all in patients with borderline values and/or clinically unstable metabolic control.
The validity of screening based on spot morning urine samples to detect subjects with microalbuminuria in the general population.; BACKGROUND: No study has yet investigated the validity of prescreening by albumin measurements in a spot morning urine sample to identify in the general population subjects with microalbuminuria. We therefore tested the diagnostic performance of urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR), measured in a spot morning urine sample, in predicting a urinary albumin excretion (UAE) > or =30 mg in subsequent 24-hour urines (microalbuminuria)., METHODS: Subjects (2527) participating in the PREVEND study, a representative sample from the general population, collected a spot morning urine sample and, on average, 77 days later, two 24-hour urine collections., RESULTS: The ROC curve of UAC in predicting microalbuminuria has an area-under-the-curve of 0.92 with a discriminator value of 11.2 mg/L. Using this cut-off value for UAC, sensitivity in predicting microalbuminuria is 85.0%, and specificity 85.0%. For ACR these values are, respectively: area-under-the-curve 0.93, discriminator value 9.9 mg/g, sensitivity 87.6%, and specificity 87.5%. Sensitivity for UAC in predicting microalbuminuria does not differ significantly from the sensitivity for ACR, whereas the difference between the specificities of UAC and ACR reaches statistical significance, but is numerically very small. In various subgroups characterized by differences in urinary creatinine excretion, the area-under-the-ROC curve, sensitivity, as well as specificity, do not increase relevantly compared to the results in the overall study population. This holds true for ACR as well as UAC., CONCLUSION: The diagnostic performance of measuring UAC in a spot morning urine sample in predicting microalbuminuria in subsequent 24-hour urine collections is satisfactory, and, moreover, comparable to that of measuring ACR. In order to keep the burden and costs involved in population screening for microalbuminuria as low as possible, we therefore propose prescreening by measuring UAC in a spot morning urine sample. Those subjects with a UAC above a certain predefined level (e.g., 11 mg/L) should be asked to collect timed urine samples.
Kidney function and risk triage in adults: threshold values and hierarchical importance.; In this study, we attempted to identify threshold values for kidney function measures that maximally discriminate short-term mortality, to identify major population segments in which these thresholds apply, and to classify the hierarchical rank of the thresholds when other classic risk factors are also considered. To do this we retrospectively identified estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) thresholds to maximize sensitivity and specificity predictions for death in non-institutionalized NHANES III participants, representative of the United States population from 1988 to 1994 and followed through 2000. In a classification tree excluding dichotomizing variables, age 57 years was initially selected; ACR appeared in the second round and eGFR in the third. The prognostic discrimination of optimum eGFR and ACR thresholds exceeded those of commonly advocated public health screening measures, such as LDL cholesterol and fasting blood glucose, with body mass index appearing in the third round, and smoking and LDL cholesterol in the fourth. In a tree permitting dichotomizing variables, the ACR, systolic blood pressure, and glucose first appeared in the third round, with eGFR, smoking, and LDL in the fourth. Thus, the albumin-creatinine ratio and eGFR may be at least as efficient for survival-based clinical triage as most other classic risk factors.
Screening for microalbuminuria by use of microproteinuria.; We aimed to develop a reliable, low cost method to assess the early stages of renal impairment in diabetes, for use in high-risk populations in countries with limited resources. We evaluated a trichloroacetic acid (TCA) turbidimetric method for microproteinuria screening in patients with diabetes. The method was compared with an immunoturbidimetric procedure for the detection of microalbumuniuria. Both methods performed within limits of allowable uncertainty based on inter- and intra-individual variation. A urinary albumin/creatinine ratio of 3.0 g/mol, assumed as diagnostic of microalbuminuria, was found to correlate with a cut-off value of 24 mg/L for microproteinuria. The clinical sensitivity and specificity of the TCA method determined against this ratio were 86% and 90% respectively. The reliability and practicability of the TCA method renders it suitable for the detection of early stage renal damage, with emphasis on screening high-risk populations in countries with limited resources.
Midtrimester screening for microalbuminuria in healthy pregnant women.; To ascertain the effectiveness and feasibility of testing for microalbuminuria and the albumin/creatinine ratio as an early indication of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, we measured albumin and creatinine excretion in 95 healthy pregnant women between 16 and 20 weeks of pregnancy. Nine women developed hypertensive complications; one of them became pre-eclamptic. There were no statistically significant differences in urine albumin and creatinine concentrations nor in the albumin/creatinine ratio between those women who developed pregnancy-induced hypertension and those who did not. Microalbuminuria testing had a specificity of 0.95 (95% CI: 0.88 - 0.99) and a sensitivity of 0.11 (95% CI: 0.03 - 0.48). The albumin/creatinine ratio had a specificity of 0.98 (95% CI: 0.92 - 1.0) and a sensitivity of 0.22 (95% CI: 0.03 - 0.6). The albumin/creatinine ratio was significantly lower in women who delivered prematurely. We conclude that mid-trimester testing for microalbuminuria and the measurement of the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio are not effective tools for the early recognition of pregnancy-induced hypertension in healthy pregnant women.
Selection on albuminuria enhances the efficacy of screening for cardiovascular risk factors.; BACKGROUND: As many subjects with a cardiovascular (CV) risk factor are undiagnosed, guidelines to prevent cardiovascular disease argue for case finding on those risk factors. Such an approach is, however, labour and cost intensive. An elevated urinary albumin loss is an early marker of vascular damage and is associated with an increased CV risk. As albuminuria is easy to measure, we tested whether a screening approach in which detailed risk factor measurement is done only after selection of subjects with an elevated albuminuria results in a higher yield of subjects at risk., METHODS: A random sample of the general population as investigated in the Prevention of Renal and Vascular End-Stage Disease study was used. Plasma glucose, blood pressure, serum cholesterol and renal function were measured in an overall random sample of the population, in subgroups according to their urinary albumin concentration (UAC) of one first morning urine void and in subgroups in whom the elevated albuminuria level was confirmed with two 24 h urine collections for measurement of urinary albumin excretion (UAE)., RESULTS: In the overall population, the number of subjects with any newly found CV risk factor was higher than the number of subjects already known with any CV risk factor (n = 1331 versus 370; 39.2 versus 10.9%). The prevalence of subjects with any newly diagnosed CV risk factor was higher in the group of 267 subjects with a first morning UAC of >= 20 mg/L (61.0%; P < 0.05) compared to the overall population (39.2%). Although the sensitivity of a UAC >= 20 mg/L to detect a subject with at least one CV risk factor was relatively low (12%), the specificity was very high (96%). The positive predictive value was 70%. When the elevated UAC could be confirmed in two subsequent 24-h urine collections, the diagnostic yield still further improved., CONCLUSION: The prevalence of undiagnosed CV risk factors in the general population is much higher than the prevalence of known risk factors. After a selection of subjects with an elevated albuminuria, the relative prevalence of subjects with newly diagnosed CV risk factors increases while the number of subjects to test for presence of CV risk factors is smaller. Such an approach facilitates a more effective and simple strategy for risk factor screening.
Screening for albuminuria identifies individuals at increased renal risk.; It is unknown whether screening for albuminuria in the general population identifies individuals at increased risk for renal replacement therapy (RRT) or accelerated loss of renal function. Here, in a general population-based cohort of 40,854 individuals aged 28 to 75 yr, we collected a first morning void for measurement of urinary albumin. In a subset of 6879 individuals, we measured 24-h urinary albumin excretion and estimated GFR at baseline and during 6 yr of follow-up. Linkage with the national RRT registry identified 45 individuals who started RRT during 9 yr of follow-up. The quantity of albuminuria was associated with increased renal risk: the higher the level of albuminuria, the higher the risk of need for renal replacement therapy and the more rapid renal function decline. A urinary albumin concentration of > or =20 mg/L identified individuals who started RRT during follow-up with 58% sensitivity and 92% specificity. Of the identified individuals, 39% were previously unknown to have impaired renal function, and 50% were not being medically treated. Restricting screening to high-risk groups (e.g., known hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease [CVD], older age) reduced the sensitivity of the test only marginally but failed to identify 45% of individuals with micro- and macroalbuminuria. In conclusion, individuals with elevated levels of urinary albumin are at increased risk for RRT and accelerated loss of renal function. Screening for albuminuria identifies patients at increased risk for progressive renal disease, 40 to 50% of whom were previously undiagnosed or untreated.
Serum creatinine level and renal function in children.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the accuracy of serum creatinine and height/serum creatinine glomerular filtration rate (Cr-GFR) formula as screening tests for abnormal renal function defined by plasma diethylenetriaminepenta-acetic acid (DTPA) clearance., DESIGN: Patient series., SETTING: The Children's Hospital of Buffalo (NY)., PATIENTS: Eighty-seven consecutive patients ranging in age from 2 to 20 years., MEASUREMENTS: The Cr-GFR was calculated by means of the formula GFR (milliliters per minute per 1.73 m2) = kL/serum creatinine (milligrams per deciliter), where L is body length in centimeters and k is a constant dependent on age and sex. Plasma clearance of technetium Tc 99m-labeled DTPA was our reference method for determination of GFR (DTPA-GFR)., RESULTS: The Cr-GFR formula identified children with impaired renal function (DTPA clearance, less than 80 mL/min per 1.73 m2) with a sensitivity of 95% and a specificity of 93%. In contrast, the sensitivity and specificity of elevated serum creatinine level for this purpose were 80% and 96%, respectively. Of the children with renal insufficiency (DTPA clearance, 40 to 79 mL/min per 1.73 m2), 91% were correctly identified by the Cr-GFR formula. However, only 65% of these children had elevated serum creatinine levels. Although all children with renal failure (DTPA clearance, less than 40 mL/min per 1.73 m2) had abnormally high serum creatinine levels, the specificity of this test was significantly lower than that of the Cr-GFR formula (75% vs 100%, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: The Cr-GFR formula is superior to serum creatinine level for estimating GFR. This formula provides a simple, reasonably accurate screening test for the presence and severity of impaired renal function.
Screening with blood urea nitrogen before intravenous contrast.; In some settings, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) values are available well in advance of creatinine values. We wanted to determine whether BUN values can be used to screen for renal insufficiency for the purpose of intravenous contrast administration. From laboratory records, we derived and validated cutpoints for BUN values to detect creatinine values >/=2.0 mg/dL. "Sensitive" and "high-yield" cutpoints were derived using records from 5000 consecutive patients and validated using a random set of 2000 patients. BUN >/=15 mg/dL, the "sensitive" cutpoint, had sensitivity of 0.997 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.987-1.0) and specificity of 0.56 (95% CI, 0.54-0.59). BUN >/=20 mg/dL, the "high-yield cutpoint," had sensitivity of 0.98 (95% CI, 0.95-0.99) and specificity of 0.71 (95% CI, 0.69-0.73). Negative likelihood ratios for these cutpoints were 0.005 and 0.03, respectively. BUN values <15-20 mg/dL provide strong evidence against renal insufficiency.
Early renal failure detection by cystatin C in Type 2 diabetes mellitus: varying patterns of renal analyte expression.; AIM: The early stages of renal failure are poorly diagnosed by current routine tests. We studied cystatin C and routine renal analyte patterns in Type 2 diabetes mellitus., METHODS: Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients (n = 48) were tested for serum cystatin C, urine albumin, haemoglobin A1c, serum creatinine, serum urea, urine creatinine, glucose, triglycerides and low density lipoproteins (LDL). Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) estimates were made using Cockroft-Gault and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formulae., RESULTS: The cystatin C (95%CI) reference range was 0.78-0.86 mg/L. While serum cystatin C showed general correlation with routine renal tests, a plateau was observed in analytes measured against cystatin C. Cystatin C improved sensitivity led to detection of renal abnormality in 19% of patients not diagnosed by routine tests., CONCLUSIONS: Cystatin C is a more sensitive marker of renal disease in Type 2 diabetes mellitus where estimated GFR is unreported at >60 mL/min and where antihypertensive medications render microalbuminuria detection unreliable. Its incorporation into a panel of renal function tests is highly recommended.
[Clinical significance of saliva urea, creatinine, and uric acid levels in patients with chronic kidney disease].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the changes and clinical significance of saliva urea, creatinine (Cr), uric acid (UA) in both healthy people and chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients, and to provide a noninvasive, quick, accurate and reliable test to diagnose kindey disease., METHODS: Urea, Cr and UA in the saliva and serum collected from both healthy people and the CKD patients were measured by biochemical analyzer. We calculated the correlation coefficient of Urea, Cr and UA between the saliva and serum, compared the levels of saliva Urea, Cr and UA among CKD patients in different periods, drew the receiver operation characteristic (ROC) curve and analyzed the sensitivity and specificity of saliva Urea, Cr and UA to predict CKD patients in various periods., RESULTS: The concentrations of Urea, Cr and UA in both the saliva and the serum were positively correlated in healthy individuals and CKD patients (r = 0.918, 0.932, 0.840 and 0.984, 0.971, 0.920). The levels of saliva Urea, Cr and UA in the CKD patients were significantly higher than those of healthy people (P<0.05). Saliva Urea, Cr and UA concentrations of middle and late stage CKD patients were obviously higher than those of healthy people and early stage CKD patients (P<0.05). Areas under the curve (AUC) of the ROC of Urea, Cr and UA to diagnose diverse periods of CKD were 0.898, 0.897 and 0.848. The sensitivity was 0.806, 0.776 and 0.704; and the specificity was 0.968, 0.989 and 0.871., CONCLUSION: The levels of Urea, Cr and UA between the saliva and the serum are closely related. The concentration of saliva Urea, Cr and UA can reflect the renal damage, monitor kidney function of the CKD patients, and help diagnose middle to late stage CKD patients. It is a simple, nonivasive and quick method.
Diagnostic performance of serum cystatin C and serum creatinine in the prediction of chronic kidney disease in renal transplant recipients.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has adverse impacts on mortality and morbidity of renal transplant recipients. Serum cystatin C (sCysC) is a novel marker in predicting the CKD. We therefore compare sCysC and serum creatinine (sCr) with the aim of improving the detection of CKD in renal transplant recipients., METHODS: We enrolled 106 renal transplant recipients and estimated glomerular filtration rates (GFR) using the Cockcroft-Gault (GFR(CG)) and the abbreviated Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (GFR(aMDRD)) formulae. We defined CKD as the presence of structural or functional kidney damage, irrespective of the diagnosis. Comparisons of sCysC and sCr in detecting CKD were analyzed., RESULTS: sCysC correlates with sCr significantly (r = 0.87; P < .001). The receiver operating characteristic curve demonstrates that sCysC has a better specificity and area under the curve, but less sensitivity than sCr in predicting CKD in renal transplant recipients if GFR is estimated by GFR(CG). Additionally, if GFR was estimated by GFR(aMDRD), the role of sCysC or sCr in prediction of CKD was comparable., CONCLUSION: sCysC may be better than sCr to detect CKD in renal transplant recipients using the GFR(CG). Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Sensitivity and specificity of a single emergency department measurement of urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin for diagnosing acute kidney injury.; BACKGROUND: A single serum creatinine measurement cannot distinguish acute kidney injury from chronic kidney disease or prerenal azotemia., OBJECTIVE: To test the sensitivity and specificity of a single measurement of urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and other urinary proteins to detect acute kidney injury in a spectrum of patients., DESIGN: Prospective cohort study., SETTING: Emergency department of Columbia University Medical Center, New York, New York., PARTICIPANTS: 635 patients admitted to the hospital with acute kidney injury, prerenal azotemia, chronic kidney disease, or normal kidney function., MEASUREMENTS: Diagnosis of acute kidney injury was based on the RIFLE (risk, injury, failure, loss, and end-stage) criteria and assigned by researchers who were blinded to experimental measurements. Urinary NGAL was measured by immunoblot, N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase (NAG) by enzyme measurement, alpha1-microglobulin and alpha(1)-acid glycoprotein by immunonephelometry, and serum creatinine by Jaffe kinetic reaction. Experimental measurements were not available to treating physicians., RESULTS: Patients with acute kidney injury had a significantly elevated mean urinary NGAL level compared with the other kidney function groups (416 microg/g creatinine [SD, 387]; P = 0.001). At a cutoff value of 130 microg/g creatinine, sensitivity and specificity of NGAL for detecting acute injury were 0.900 (95% CI, 0.73 to 0.98) and 0.995 (CI, 0.990 to 1.00), respectively, and positive and negative likelihood ratios were 181.5 (CI, 58.33 to 564.71) and 0.10 (CI, 0.03 to 0.29); these values were superior to those for NAG, alpha1-microglobulin, alpha1-acid glycoprotein, fractional excretion of sodium, and serum creatinine. In multiple logistic regression, urinary NGAL level was highly predictive of clinical outcomes, including nephrology consultation, dialysis, and admission to the intensive care unit (odds ratio, 24.71 [CI, 7.69 to 79.42])., LIMITATIONS: All patients came from a single center. Few kidney biopsies were performed., CONCLUSION: A single measurement of urinary NGAL helps to distinguish acute injury from normal function, prerenal azotemia, and chronic kidney disease and predicts poor inpatient outcomes.
Serum fructosamine and fructosamine-albumin ratio as screening tests for gestational diabetes mellitus.; To evaluate the role of fructosamine/albumin ratio as an alternative screening parameter for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), serum fructosamine, albumin, protein, fructosamine/albumin ratio, and oral glucose tolerance were measured in 56 non-pregnant control healthy subjects, and in 96 pregnant women who screened positive after a 50 g glucose challenge-test. Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) identified 12 of 96 pregnant women as having GDM. Fructosamine concentration of 1.98 +/- 0.32 mmol/L (mean +/- SD) and fructosamine/albumin ratio of 47 +/- 10 mumol/g (mean +/- SD) has been obtained in nonpregnant control subjects. During the second trimester a lower fructosamine level (1.84 +/- 0.29 mmol/L, p < 0.05) and a higher fructosamine/albumin ratio (62 +/- 15 mumol/g, p < 0.001) occurs in pregnant women, when compared to non-pregnant healthy control subjects, most likely due to the low serum albumin concentration (30 +/- 6 g/L). The serum fructosamine levels and fructosamine/albumin ratio were only slightly higher in the pregnant women with GDM than in normal pregnant women (2.05 +/- 0.47 mmol/L versus 1.84 +/- 0.29 mmol/L, 67 +/- 16 mumol/g versus 62 +/- 15 mumol/g, respectively) but the differences were not statistically significant. The fructosamine and fructosamine/albumin ratio values for normal and GDM groups overlapped considerably. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive and negative predictive values for fructosamine were 41.7%, 85.7%, 29.4% and 91%, and for fructosamine/albumin ratio 25%, 79.8%, 15% and 88% respectively. This suggests that both fructosamine and fructosamine/albumin ratio have low sensitivity as predictors of GDM and can therefore not be used as screening tests.
Are there advantages with U-Albumin/U-Creatinine ratios compared with U-Albumin in monitoring diabetes?.; Management of hypertension and diabetes mellitus in primary health care requires occasional assessment of kidney function. Monitoring the urinary albumin excretion every 24 h is often used as a diagnostic gold standard but measurement of U-Albumin concentrations in morning urine either alone or together with U-Creatinine is a well-established surrogate measure. We compared the ratio U-Albumin/U-Creatinine and U-Albumin concentrations measured by commonly used POC (Point of care) instruments with those obtained in a central laboratory and estimated the uncertainty of the results after establishing an uncertainty budget. It is concluded that the presentation of ratios or concentrations on an ordinal scale is less satisfactory than reporting U-Albumin concentration on a ratio scale. Moreover the latter will have the advantage of allowing the physician to adjust the diagnostic sensitivity and specificity to local needs. The present report is a methodological study and does not consider the diagnostic performance of the studied properties per se.
Comparison of urinary albumin excretion rate in overnight urine and albumin creatinine ratio in spot urine in diabetic patients in general practice.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether measurement of albumin creatinine ratio (ACR) on a spot urine specimen can replace a timed overnight collection of urine albumin excretion rate (UAER) in patients with diabetes in primary care., DESIGN: Patients with diabetes attending Ronvik Health Centre were asked to bring a timed overnight collection of urine for measurement of UAER. They were also asked to void a urine specimen for measurement of albumin creatinine ratio., SETTING: Primary health care., SUBJECTS: One-hundred-and-six persons with diabetes (47 women, 59 men) aged 13 to 78 years., RESULTS: The sensitivity and specificity of ACR with cut-off values of 2.5 mg/mmol for men and 3.5 mg/mmol for women compared to UAER with cut-off value of 20 mg/24 h was 90%., CONCLUSIONS: Spot urine ACR analysed on a DCA 2000 can replace a timed (overnight) collection of urine and measurement of UAER when diabetic patients are reviewed in general practice. This simplifies procedures for the patient as a timed urine collection is no longer necessary. Another advantage is that the results are available after 7 min.
Gender and the clinical usefulness of the albumin: creatinine ratio.; One hundred and eighty-seven diabetic and 105 control subjects collected timed overnight urine samples to measure the inter-individual variation in creatinine excretion rate and its determinants, and to test the relationship between albumin excretion rate (AER) and two 'surrogate measures', the albumin concentration and albumin:creatinine ratio. Creatinine excretion was 55% higher in men than women (geometric mean 8.9 mumol min-1 (95% confidence limits 4.7-17.0) compared with 5.7 (3.0-10.9); p < 0.001). Gender accounted for 31% of the variation in creatinine excretion and body mass index 1.4%; neither age nor the diabetic state had a significant effect. The relationships between AER and the two surrogate measures differed between diabetic subjects and controls such that relationships constructed from non-diabetic data would not hold true for diabetes. Likewise, the relationship between AER and albumin:creatinine ratio differed between men and women such that a ratio of 4.0 mg mmol-1 corresponded to a predicted AER of 35 micrograms min-1 in men and 23 micrograms min-1 in women. The albumin:creatinine ratio outperformed albumin concentration in terms of sensitivity and specificity and its performance was better in women than men. We conclude that the albumin:creatinine ratio is a better surrogate for AER than albumin concentration. If 'action levels' are to be defined for screening programmes, they should be derived from diabetic and not non-diabetic data and should be different in men and women. We propose a direct rather than screening role for the albumin:creatinine ratio in the management of diabetic nephropathy.
Comparison of albumin excretion rate obtained with different times of collection.; This study was undertaken to assess the usefulness of different techniques for determination of albumin excretion rate (AER). Ninety patients with type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 45 with type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus, with AER/24 h of less than 200 micrograms/min, were included. All patients were free of major systemic complications of diabetes and overt kidney disease (mean serum creatinine 1.1 +/- 0.1 mg/dl, range 0.4-1.2 mg/dl). We compared timed day, night, and 24-h specimens, as well as timed spot specimens during water-induced diuresis. Most patients with type I (75 of 90) and type II (30 of 45) diabetes had AER less than 20 micrograms/min and showed significant differences in AER that were dependent on the collection time. Differences were diminished or absent with AER less than 20 micrograms/min. Sensitivity, specificity, and prediction rates of AER in different specimens were evaluated against 24-h AER. Use of albumin concentrations and albumin-creatinine ratios did not improve test performance in comparison with AER. Sampling time and the overall rate of AER influenced measurement of urinary albumin excretion. Day or 24-h AER is most useful to determine the presence of abnormal AER. AER and albumin concentration in spot samples are of limited use for initial screening and frequently require day or 24-h specimens of AER for confirmation. Day or 24-h AER should be used for long-term follow-up of the diabetic patient.
Ambulatory blood pressure as predictor of preeclampsia in diabetic pregnancies with respect to urinary albumin excretion rate and glycemic regulation.; BACKGROUND: Twenty-four-hour ambulatory blood pressure was evaluated as a predictor of preeclampsia in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with respect to urinary albumin excretion rate and glycemic regulation., METHODS: One hundred and fifty-one women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were consecutively recruited from the outpatient maternity ward for 24 hour ambulatory blood pressure measurement with a portable monitor (SpaceLab 90207). Blood pressure was measured three times during pregnancy and once after delivery. Evaluation was performed with receiver-operator-characteristics curves in primiparous women. Stratified analysis and multiple regression was applied with respect to urinary albumin excretion rate, HbA1c, age, duration of diabetes mellitus, uric acid, and BMI., RESULTS: The incidence of preeclampsia was significantly associated with increasing urinary albumin excretion rate, primiparity, and ambulatory blood pressure. Ambulatory blood pressure was associated with HbA1c throughout pregnancy adjusted for urinary albumin excretion rate. The ambulatory blood pressure was higher from first trimester throughout pregnancy in women developing preeclampsia compared to women who did not have preeclampsia. The best sensitivity and specificity for predicting preeclampsia in primiparous women were at cut-off values of systolic and diastolic day ambulatory blood pressure above 122 and 74 mmHg, respectively. The relative risk of preeclampsia was significantly higher when ambulatory blood pressure was above the cut-off values and increased further with higher urinary albumin excretion rate., CONCLUSIONS: The relationship between ambulatory blood pressure and preeclampsia is not confined to women with macroalbuminuria but is also present in women with normo- and microalbuminuria. Poor glycemic control and increased urinary albumin excretion rate is associated with preeclampsia when ambulatory blood pressure is above cut-off values of 122/74 mmHg (systole/diastole). Ambulatory blood pressure is a reliable measurement for prediction of preeclampsia in primiparous women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Plasma prorenin as an early marker of microvascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus.; To test the hypothesis that a high plasma prorenin can be used as an early marker of microvascular complications in patients with diabetes mellitus plasma prorenin was measured in 44 patients with urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h (microalbuminuria) and 120 patients with urinary albumin excretion below 30 mg/24 h (normoalbuminuria). A high plasma prorenin was associated with diabetic retinopathy, particularly the proliferative type, serum creatinine and the 24 h urinary albumin excretion rate. Plasma prorenin was not correlated with age, duration of diabetes, glycosylated hemoglobin, blood glucose, and blood pressure. The association between elevated plasma prorenin and retinopathy remained significant after adjustment for serum creatinine and albumin excretion. Independent of the presence or absence of microalbuminuria, the mean plasma level of prorenin was not above normal in patients without retinopathy and was 2 to 3 times normal in patients with proliferative retinopathy. Thus retinopathy appears to be an important determinant of abnormally high plasma prorenin. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) was elevated in the patients with diabetes mellitus as compared to control subjects but the plasma levels of ACE in diabetics with normoalbuminuria was not significantly different from the group with microalbuminuria. Plasma prorenin was not associated with ACE. A plasma level of prorenin of 225 mU/L had a sensitivity of 0.84 and a specificity of 0.82 for detecting the presence of microalbuminuria.
Exercise testing as a long-term predictor of the development of microalbuminuria in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between exercise-induced albuminuria and the development of microalbuminuria over 10 years in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) who were initially normoalbuminuric., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Thirty-two patients with IDDM and a resting urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UA/UC) < 2.1 mg/mmol (< 15 micrograms/min) were exercised after water loading on a treadmill for 20 min at double their resting heart rate. UA/UC was determined before and after exercise. The exercise test was considered positive if the UA/UC was > 4.3 mg/mmol (> 30 micrograms/min). Results were compared with resting UA/UC after a 10-year follow-up. Persistent microalbuminuria was defined as a UA/UC > 2.1 mg/mmol (> 15 micrograms/min) in each of two early-morning urine collections., RESULTS: Five patients developed persistent microalbuminuria after 10 years, and four patients were predicted by a positive exercise test. Two patients with positive exercise tests did not develop persistent microalbuminuria. The sensitivity of the exercise test for the development of microalbuminuria was 80% (95% confidence interval [CI] 65.8-94.2%) and the specificity was 92.9% (95% CI 83.9-100%). The postexercise UA/UC was positively associated with the UA/UC after 10 years (P = 0.005, R2 = 0.31). This association was independent of HbA1, systolic blood pressure, body mass index, and duration of diabetes, but HbA1 remained an independent predictor (P = 0.02) of UA/UC at follow-up., CONCLUSIONS: Exercise testing may be useful for identifying normoalbuminuric IDDM patients who are susceptible to the later development of microalbuminuria.
N-terminal fragment of pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) for predicting silent myocardial ischaemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus independent of microalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: In the early identification of cardiovascular risk, it is essential to establish a biological marker for cardiac complications that is comparable to albuminuria for nephropathy. We tested the hypothesis that N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) might be a marker for silent myocardial ischaemia in diabetes., METHODS: In forty consecutively recruited subjects without evident coronary artery disease, serum NT-proBNP was measured together with multi-slice computed tomography. With patients suspected of having significant coronary artery stenosis by multi-slice computed tomography, coronary angiography was performed. Silent myocardial ischaemia was defined as the presence of significant coronary artery stenosis with more than 50% luminal narrowing by angiography., RESULTS: Thirteen patients (32.5%) had silent myocardial ischaemia. NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in these patients (181.1 +/- 43.8 versus 55.2 +/- 9.7 pg/mL, p < 0.005) but HbA(1c), lipid profiles, and creatinine were similar in the two groups. Moreover, log NT-proBNP was identified as an independent predictor of silent myocardial ischaemia (R(2) = 0.502, p < 0.05) after adjustment for HbA(1c), creatinine, albuminuria, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, or smoking. After stratifying patients by NT-proBNP, the upper tertile compared to the lowest tertile was significantly associated with silent myocardial ischaemia (odds ratio: 26.7, p < 0.05). Receiver operation characteristics analysis with a cut-off value of 52 pg/mL showed 92% sensitivity and 75% specificity for predicting silent myocardial ischaemia (positive predictive value 64.7%, negative predictive value 94.3%)., CONCLUSIONS: The outstandingly high negative predictive value of NT-proBNP enables us to focus on diabetic patients with occult coronary disease, independently of microalbuminuria.
Micral-test strips evaluated for screening for albuminuria.; We have evaluated Micral-Test, an immunochemical strip test specific for albumin, as a screening tool for slight ("micro") albuminuria. First morning urine samples containing albumin concentrations (by radioimmunoassay) of 0.4-440 mg/L were collected from 112 diabetic patients. The Micral-Test result for each sample was assessed by one observer. All 34 samples having albumin concentrations greater than or equal to 20 mg/L and 71 of 78 samples less than 20 mg/L were correctly identified, giving 100% sensitivity and 91% specificity. Six samples were measured 10 times by one observer: three samples were read consistently; one, albumin concentration 86 mg/L, was read as 50 and 100 mg/L; and two, albumin concentrations 32 and 38 mg/L, were read as 20 and 50 mg/L, respectively. Contact with urine for 2 s rather than the recommended 5 s resulted in an underestimation of the albumin concentration in 13 of 35 samples (Z = -3.18, P = 0.001), as did taking readings earlier than the recommended 5 min (Z = -3.92, P less than 0.001). Six observers independently performed Micral-Test measurements on 10 samples. Eight samples were correctly classified as greater than or equal to 20 or less than 20 mg/L by all observers, but two (albumin concentrations 25 and 18 mg/L) were misclassified by at least one observer. The Micral-Test is a sensitive and specific screening tool, but is semiquantitative and critically time dependent.
Which method for quantifying "microalbuminuria" in diabetics? Comparison of several immunological methods (immunoturbidimetric assay, immunonephelometric assay, radioimmunoassay and two semiquantitative tests) for measurement of albumin in urine.; We have compared the chemical and clinical characteristics of an immunonephelometric assay (INA), two immunoturbidimetric assays (ITA) and two semi-quantitative methods with those of a solid-phase radioimmunoassay (RIA) for measurement of urinary albumin (UA) concentration in 136 diabetic patients. INA and RIA had similar accuracy, and provided comparable results. However, RIA has slightly greater sensitivity than INA, which is easier and faster. Good agreement was also found between RIA and the two ITA methods, although one of these overestimated RIA values in the low-medium range (5-30 mg/l) of urinary albumin. ITA seems suitable for initial screening of albuminuria in diabetic patients but more sensitive procedures (such as RIA and INA) seem preferable for measurement of UA concentrations in the normal range. The two semi-quantitative methods showed high sensitivity but poor specificity, because of the large number of false positive results. About 50% of diabetic patients "positive" by these methods did not have microalbuminuria. The utility of these methods is questionable, because many samples from diabetic patients need to be reassayed by a more specific and sensitive assay such as the RIA, INA or ITA methods.
Association between albuminuria and proteinuria in the general population: the AusDiab Study.; BACKGROUND: The relationship between urinary albumin and total protein excretion and the appropriateness of one test over the other are unclear due to the paucity of large epidemiological studies of albuminuria and proteinuria. In screening for renal and cardiovascular disease, whether to measure albuminuria, proteinuria or both, is currently an unanswered question., METHODS: Random urine samples from 10,596 (94.2%) participants of the Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle Study were tested for albuminuria (urine albumin:creatinine > or =30 mg/g) and proteinuria (urine protein:creatinine > or =0.20 mg/mg). This study was a representative sample of the national non-institutionalized population drawn from 42 randomly selected urban and non-urban areas (census collector districts) across Australia., RESULTS: Among a representative cross-section of the Australian adult population, urine albumin excretion was strongly correlated with total protein excretion, particularly among the elderly, and those with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity and renal impairment (P <0.001). Albuminuria performed well as a screening test for proteinuria: sensitivity 91.7% [95% confidence interval (CI) 87.7-94.5%], specificity 95.3% (95% CI 94.9-95.7%) and negative predictive value 99.8% (95% CI 99.7-99.9%). However, among those with proteinuria, 8% excreted albumin within the normal range., CONCLUSIONS: While albuminuria may be a suitable test for general population screening for renal and cardiovascular disease, it should not replace testing for proteinuria in those with known or suspected renal disease.
Screening for slight albuminuria: a comparison of selected commercially available methods.; Slight albuminuria predicts clinically significant nephropathy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and early death in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). This study compares four commercially available methods for measuring low concentrations of urinary albumin. We tested random spot urine specimens from 50 nondiabetic volunteers and 100 diabetic patients. This specimen was chosen to simplify collection in an outpatient setting. Two screening methods were evaluated for their ability to detect urinary albumin in the range of 15 to 200 mg/L. Sensitivity and specificity were 100% and 54.7%, respectively, for the Ames Micro-Bumintest; and 95.5% and 91.5%, respectively, for the Sclavo Albumin Screen. The high number of false-positive results made the Micro-Bumintest unacceptable. The Albumin Screen yielded fewer false-positive results, but also produced some false-negatives. Two quantitative methods, a radioimmunoassay (RIA) and a turbidimetric assay (the SPQ Microalbumin), yielded results that agreed well with each other.
Urinary albumin excretion rate is correlated with severity of coronary artery disease in elderly type 2 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Coronary heart disease is the main complication of type 2 diabetes mellitus; its incidence is closely related to microalbuminuria. The aim of this study was to investigate the correlation between the urinary albumin excretion rate and the incidence and severity of coronary heart disease in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients., METHODS: A total of 612 hospitalized type 2 diabetes mellitus patients aged 60 years or older, who were given coronary angiography for diagnosis of possible coronary heart disease, participated. Their urinary albumin excretion rate was measured, and the severity of coronary artery stenosis was quantified with the Gensini scoring system to analyze the incidence of coronary heart disease and the severity of coronary artery stenosis. The optimal urinary albumin excretion rate predictive value for coronary heart disease incidence in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients was determined., RESULTS: The incidence of coronary heart disease, the number of patients with coronary vascular disease and the Gensini scores were significantly different between the microalbuminuria group and the normal albuminuria group (P < 0.05). The urinary albumin excretion rate was independently correlated with the occurrence of coronary heart disease in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients (odds ratio (OR) = 1.058, P < 0.0001, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.036 - 1.080). Urinary albumin excretion rate and the Gensini score were independently correlated in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients (beta = 0.476, P < 0.0001). The best predictive value of urinary albumin excretion rate was 10.45 microg/min for elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. The area under the curve was 0.764, with a sensitivity and specificity of 70.0% and 72.2%, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: The occurrence of coronary heart disease in elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with microalbuminuria was higher than that in patients with normal albuminuria, and the severity of the disease also increased in patients with microalbuminuria. In elderly type 2 diabetes mellitus patients, urinary albumin excretion rate was positively correlated with the incidence and severity of coronary heart disease and was also an independent factor contributing to coronary heart disease.
Association between microalbuminuria and cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus of the Beijing Han nationality.; UNLABELLED: The objective of this study is to investigate the correlation of urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) with the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD), pathological characteristics and severity of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and explore the efficacy of using the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) to predict the risk of CHD in patients with T2DM. The study included 1,004 T2DM patients with normo- and micro-albuminuria who underwent coronary angiography for suspected coronary atherosclerosis. The severity of coronary atherosclerosis was defined using the Gensini's score system. The correlation of UAER with the incidence of CHD, pathological characteristic and the severity of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with T2DM was analyzed. The best numerical value of UAER in predicting the risk of CHD in patients with T2DM was calculated. The differences in sex, age, BMI, SBP, history of smoking, duration of diabetes mellitus, HbA1C, FPG, LDL-C, HDL-C, Cre, Uric acid, HOMA-IR between microalbuminuria(MAU) subgroup and normal albuminuria subgroup were statistically significant(P < 0.05). The differences in the incidence of CHD, the number of pathological coronary vessels, the Gensini's score and LVEF% between microalbuminuria group and normal albuminuria group were statistically significant (P < 0.05). UAER increased significantly with an increase in the number of pathological coronary vessels. Logistic multiple regression analysis showed that UAER was independently correlated with the incidence of CHD (OR = 1.092, P = 0.000, 95% CI = 1.063-1.122). Spearman's correlation analysis showed that the Gensini's score was significantly positively correlated with UAER, sex, age, BMI, SBP, the history of smoking and drinking, the duration of diabetes mellitus, HbA1c, FPG, PPG, LDL-C, Cre, C-reactive protein (CRP), uric acid (UA). Based on the ROC curve, the 11.275 mug/min of UAER was the best numerical value to predict the risk of CHD in patients with T2DM. Area under the curve was 0.799, sensitivity was 65.1%, and specificity was 82.9%., CONCLUSION: Microalbuminuria in patients with T2DM is another risk factor for CHD. Microalbuminuria is significantly positively correlated with the severity of coronary atherosclerosis. An UAER value of 11.275 mug/min can be used to predict the risk of CHD in patients with T2DM.
Elevated serum C-reactive protein level and microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Microalbuminuria is a marker of vascular endothelial damage. In addition, it is reported that high serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) is a novel cardiovascular risk factor that impairs endothelial function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between microalbuminuria and elevated serum level of high-sensitivity CRP (HS-CRP) in type 2 diabetic patients., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We measured serum levels of HS-CRP in 87 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. They were divided into a microalbuminuric group (n = 45) and those with a 24-hour urine albumin less than 30 mg/d (n = 42). The relationship of serum HS-CRP level with albuminuria and other characteristics of the patients was assessed., RESULTS: Patients with microalbuminuria were significantly older and affected by diabetes mellitus longer than those without microalbuminuria. Also, their mean HS-CRP was significantly higher (4.98 +/- 1.45 mg/L versus 2.82 +/- 2.10 mg/L; P < .001). The Pearson correlation test showed a significant correlation between HS-CRP level and urine albumin level (r = 0.43; P < .001). The specificity and sensitivity of HS-CRP for detection of microalbuminuria in were 78.5% and 68.8%, respectively, and the positive and negative predictive values were 77.5% and 70.2%, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: In type 2 diabetic patients, microalbuminuria is accompanied by elevated HS-CRP, suggesting activation of inflammatory pathways in progression of renal and cardiovascular atherosclerotic disease. As an easier and cheaper test for assessment of diabetic nephropathy, we recommend further studies on HS-CRP in diabetic patients.
Accelerated onset of albuminuria in diabetic rats preimmunized with glucosylated rat serum albumin.; Young adult rats were immunized with either in vitro glucosylated or unmodified rat serum albumin (RSA) followed by induction of the diabetic state. At various times after streptozotocin administration, sera were evaluated for specific antibody response using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay while urine was monitored for the presence of albumin by radial immunodiffusion. The data indicate that glucosylated RSA is capable of eliciting the production of antibodies, but unmodified RSA is not. The specificity of the generated antibodies appears to be directed toward the glucitol-lysine residues of the modified albumin. Preimmunization of rats with glucosylated RSA followed by induction of diabetes causes a rapid decline in specific antibody titers and greatly enhances the rate of progression to albuminuria. These results demonstrate that in vitro and in vivo glucosylation of an endogenous protein provide products with identical antigenicity. They also suggest an animal model for the study of diabetic autoimmunity involving glucosylated endogenous proteins.
Sequence of progression of albuminuria and decreased GFR in persons with type 1 diabetes: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The sensitivity of albuminuria in predicting loss of kidney function has been questioned. We determined the sequence of kidney disease stages (microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria, low estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], and end-stage renal disease [ESRD]) and characterized those without albuminuria before a low eGFR., STUDY DESIGN: The Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications Study is a prospective cohort investigation of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 480 study participants with eGFR greater than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (mean age, 27 years; diabetes duration, 19 years at study entry) were prospectively followed up for 16 years., OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Low eGFR was defined as creatinine clearance less than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) from timed urine collections; microalbuminuria, as albumin excretion rate between 20 to 200 microg/min (30 to 300 mg/24 h); macroalbuminuria, as albumin excretion rate greater than 200 microg/min (>300 mg/24 h); and ESRD, as dialysis or renal transplantation., RESULTS: The 33 of 480 individuals (7%) who developed ESRD had prior albuminuria. 71 of 480 (15%) individuals developed low eGFR. 66 of 71 (93%) had prior/concurrent albuminuria, and 5 of 71 (7%) did not. Incident low eGFR values in the 5 patients were: (1) 54, (2) 58, (3) 59, (4) 59.7, and (5) 59.8 mL/min/1.73 m(2). 3 of 5 (60%; patients 1, 4, and 5) subsequently developed albuminuria. Final eGFRs in the 5 patients were: (1) 94, (2) 86, (3) 60, (4) 65, and (5) 54 mL/min/1.73 m(2), respectively., LIMITATIONS: GFR and insulin sensitivity were not measured, but estimated. Incident decreased eGFR in patients without preceding/concurrent albuminuria may be caused by misclassification or a temporary eGFR decrease., CONCLUSIONS: Moderately decreased eGFR may occur rarely in patients with type 1 diabetes without preceding albuminuria.
[Simultaneous determination of creatinine, pseudouridine and uric acid in serum and urine by high performance liquid chromatography].; In this paper a sensitive, rapid and simple HPLC method for the simultaneous determination of creatinine (Cr), pseudouridine (Pu) and uric acid(UA) has been established. We have evaluated clinical value of the method in the early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Separation was obtained using Shim-pack CLC-ODS 15 x 0.6 cm column and mobile phase of buffer solution of phosphate (pH 3.0, 0.02 mol/L) with flow rate of 1 mL/min. Detection was performed with UV detector at an automatic adjustment of wavelength. The recoveries of Cr, Pu and UA were 101.4%, 104.9% and 105.0% respectively. The calibration curves were linear within the concentration range of 8.6-274.6 mumol/L for Cr, 0.72-22.93 mumol/L for Pu and 19.1-612.7 mumol/L for UA (n = 6, r > 0.999, p < 0.01). The CV for within day and between day measurements were < 2.5% and < 5.0% respectively. In addition, Pu, Cr and UA were simultaneously determined in serum and urine of 39 patients with diabetic mellitus (DM). 15 patients with nephrotic syndrome (NS) and 53 normal subjects by the method. Results include: 1. the levels of serum Pu in all DM patients (100%) with microalbuminuria (MiAU) and macroalbuminuria (MaAU) were greater than maximum of normal subjects (X + 2S). In addition, in 9 DM patients (41%) with normal albuminuria (NAU) the levels were also greater than the maximum. 2. In patients with DM, there was no correlation between the serum Pu and the urinary albumin excretion (UAE), whereas the serum Pu correlated closely with the serum Cr. However, the incidence for serum Pu increase was significantly greater in patients. 3. The levels of serum Pu in patients with NS were greater than those in control subjects and patients with DM. Conclusion is that the determination of serum Pu could be used as sensitivity index for the early diagnosis of DN.
A PC-1 amino acid variant (K121Q) is associated with faster progression of renal disease in patients with type 1 diabetes and albuminuria.; Insulin resistance characterizes type 1 diabetes in patients with albuminuria. A PC-1 glycoprotein amino acid variant, K121Q, is associated with insulin resistance. We examined the impact of the PC-1 K121Q variant on the rate of decline of the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) by creatinine clearance derived from the Cockroft-Gault formula in 77 type 1 diabetic patients with albuminuria who were followed for an average of 6.5 years (range 2.5-15). Patients carrying the Q allele (n = 22; 20 with KQ and 2 with QQ genotypes) had a faster GFR decline than those patients with the KK genotype (n = 55) (median 7.2 vs. 3.7 ml x min(-1) x year(-1); range 0.16 to 16.6 vs. -3.8 to 16.0 ml x min(-1) x year(-1); P < 0.001). Significantly more patients carrying the Q allele belonged to the highest tertile of GFR decline (odds ratio = 5.7, 95% CI 4.1-7.2, P = 0.02). Levels of blood pressure, HbA1c, and albuminuria were comparable in the two genotype groups. Albuminuria (P = 0.001), mean blood pressure (P = 0.046), and PC-1 genotype (P = 0.036) independently correlated with GFR decline. Because all patients were receiving antihypertensive treatment, the faster GFR decline in the patients carrying the Q allele could be the result of reduced sensitivity to the renoprotective effect of antihypertensive therapy. PC-1 genotyping identifies type 1 diabetic patients with a faster progression of diabetic nephropathy.
Endothelium-dependent relaxation in peripheral vasculature and kidney of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Desmopressin (DDAVP), an AVP.V2-receptor agonist, evokes endothelium-dependent relaxation (EDR) due to nitric oxide (NO), EDR factor (EDRF) in the systemic vasculature, and glomerular afferent arterioles via AVP receptor(s). Glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) causes endothelium-independent (nonreceptor-mediated) vasodilation. We elucidated the possible involvement of EDRF in early non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and glomerular hyperfiltration (GHF) by DDAVP and GTN infusions. Patients with advanced DM nephropathy (DM.Np) (n = 7) were also examined. DDAVP and GTN decreased the mean blood pressure in DM with GHF (DM + GHF) and without GHF (DM-GHF) greater than that in normal subjects (N), without any difference in the heart rate changes in any group. Plasma levels of cGMP, a cellular messenger of NO, were significantly increased by DDAVP and GTN with a similar increment in each group. DDAVP caused a significant increase in urinary cGMP excretion in each group with a similar increment in each group. However, it caused a transient increase in creatinine clearance only in DM + GHF although GTN did not, and an exaggerated excretion of urinary albumin in early NIDDM, especially in DM+GHF, without a change in beta 2-microglobulin excretion. In contrast, in DM.Np GTN caused a decrease in blood pressure and an increase in plasma cGMP levels, but DDAVP did not. In conclusion, in peripheral vasculature and kidney, an enhanced sensitivity of vascular smooth muscle to NO is present in early NIDDM. The exaggerated dilation of glomerular afferent arterioles by preferentially produced NO in in situ, which causes a rise in PGC, might be partly responsible for the glomerular hyperfiltration and subsequently the increase in the glomerular protein permeation of DM+GHF. However, in peripheral blood vessels of DM.Np EDR is impaired. Thus, EDR seems to change with the development of NIDDM.
Cystatin C is a more sensitive marker than creatinine for the estimation of GFR in type 2 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is the best overall index of renal function in health and disease. Inulin and 51Cr-EDTA plasma clearances are considered the gold standard methods for estimating GFR. Unfortunately, these methods require specialized technical personnel over a period of several hours and high costs. In clinical practice, serum creatinine is the most widely used index for the noninvasive assessment of GFR. Despite its specificity, serum creatinine demonstrates an inadequate sensitivity, particularly in the early stages of renal impairment. Recently, cystatin C, a low molecular mass plasma protein freely filtered through the glomerulus and almost completely reabsorbed and catabolized by tubular cells, has been proposed as a new and very sensitive serum marker of changes in GFR. This study was designed to test whether serum cystatin C can replace serum creatinine for the early assessment of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: The study was performed on 52 Caucasian type 2 diabetic patients. Patients with an abnormal albumin excretion rate (AER) were carefully examined to rule out non-diabetic renal diseases by ultrasonography, urine bacteriology, microscopic urine analysis, and kidney biopsy. Serum creatinine, serum cystatin C, AER, serum lipids, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were measured. GFR was estimated by the plasma clearance of 51Cr-EDTA. In addition the Cockcroft and Gault formula (Cockcroft and Gault estimated GFR) was calculated., RESULTS: Cystatin C serum concentration progressively increased as GFR decreased. The overall relationship between the reciprocal cystatin C and GFR was significantly stronger (r = 0.84) than those between serum creatinine and GFR (r = 0.65) and between Cockcroft and Gault estimated GFR and GFR (r = 0.70). As GFR decreased from 120 to 20 mL/min/1.73 m2, cystatin C increased more significantly that serum creatinine, giving a stronger signal in comparison to that of creatinine over the range of the measured GFR. The maximum diagnostic accuracy of serum cystatin C (90%) was significantly better than those of serum creatinine (77%) and Cockcroft and Gault estimated GFR (85%) in discriminating between type 2 diabetic patients with normal GFR (>80 mL/min per 1.73 m2) and those with reduced GFR (<80 mL/min/1.73 m2). In particular, the cystatin C cut-off limit of 0.93 mg/L corresponded to a false-positive rate of 7.7% and to a false-negative rate of 1.9%; the serum creatinine cut-off limit of 87.5 micromol/L corresponded to a false-positive rate of 5.8% and to a false-negative rate of 17.0%., CONCLUSIONS: Cystatin C may be considered as an alternative and more accurate serum marker than serum creatinine or the Cockcroft and Gault estimated GFR in discriminating type 2 diabetic patients with reduced GFR from those with normal GFR.
Association between albuminuria, kidney function, and inflammatory biomarker profile in CKD in CRIC.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Increased risk of mortality in patients with CKD has been attributed to inflammation. However, the association between kidney function, albuminuria, and biomarkers of inflammation has not been examined in a large cohort of CKD patients., DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: This study measured the plasma levels of IL-1beta, IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA), IL-6, TNF-alpha, TGF-beta, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), fibrinogen, and serum albumin in 3939 participants enrolled in the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort study between June 2003 and September 2008. An inflammation score was established based on plasma levels of IL-1beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha, hs-CRP, and fibrinogen. Estimated GFR (eGFR) and serum cystatin C were used as measures of kidney function. Albuminuria was quantitated by urine albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR)., RESULTS: Plasma levels of IL-1beta, IL-1RA, IL-6, TNF-alpha, hs-CRP, and fibrinogen were higher among participants with lower levels of eGFR. Inflammation score was higher among those with lower eGFR and higher UACR. In regression analysis adjusted for multiple covariates, eGFR, cystatin C, and UACR were strongly associated with fibrinogen, serum albumin, IL-6, and TNF-alpha. Each unit increase in eGFR, cystatin C, and UACR was associated with a -1.2% (95% confidence interval, -1.4, -1), 64.9% (56.8, 73.3) and 0.6% (0.4, 0.8) change in IL-6, respectively (P<0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Biomarkers of inflammation were inversely associated with measures of kidney function and positively with albuminuria.
Association between high-normal albuminuria and risk factors for cardiovascular and renal disease in essential hypertensive men.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria (overnight urinary albumin excretion [UAE] > 15 microg/min) is associated with cardiovascular risk factors and predicts morbid events in hypertensive subjects. However, albuminuria is not a dichotomous variable, and a relationship with cardiovascular risk factors may extend below that conventional threshold., METHODS: We studied 186 never-treated, glucose-tolerant, normalbuminuric (overnight UAE < or = 15 microg/min), essential hypertensive men with normal renal function (serum creatinine < 1.4 mg/dL). Study variables were 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (BP), cardiac structure and geometry (by echocardiography), body weight, fasting insulin levels, insulin sensitivity (the Homeostasis Model Assessment index), and creatinine clearance (from overnight collections or through the Cockcroft formula) analyzed as a function of ascending urine albumin quartiles (cutoff values, 4.3, 6.3, and 9.4 microg/min; n = 47, 45, 47, and 47, respectively)., RESULTS: As compared with the three bottom fourths, patients with high-normal albuminuria (albumin, 9.4 to 15 microg/min) had a greater 24-hour BP, greater relative wall thickness, more frequent concentric left ventricular hypertrophy, heavier body size, increased fasting insulin levels, reduced insulin sensitivity, and greater creatinine clearance., CONCLUSIONS: High-normal albuminuria in uncomplicated essential hypertensive men is associated with an adverse cardiovascular and metabolic risk profile. Furthermore, hyperfiltration in the presence of minimally increased albuminuria may underlie an augmented glomerular blood flow and hydraulic pressure conducive to glomerular hypertension and, eventually, renal insufficiency. Overall, these data confirm the appropriateness to shift downward the limits for diagnosing microalbuminuria in essential hypertension, as indicated from previous prospective studies. Copyright 2002 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Selecting the optimum specimen for assessing slight albuminuria, and a strategy for clinical investigation: novel uses of data on biological variation.; To investigate the optimum specimen for quantifying low, but abnormal, concentrations of albumin in urine, we assessed the analytical and biological components of variation in first morning, random untimed, and 24-h urine specimens from 11 apparently healthy individuals. The results were expressed in terms of albumin concentration, albumin/creatinine ratio, and albumin excretion rate. Analytical methods generally can meet the analytical goal of CV less than or equal to 18%. For reasons detailed herein, we prefer measurement of the albumin concentration in the first morning specimen. Expressing results as an albumin/creatinine ratio has little advantage. Albumin concentrations in first morning urines from 16 diabetic subjects showed larger intra-individual variation than for nondiabetic subjects but clearly fell into two groups: those with consistently normal albumin concentrations in urine and those with abnormal concentrations in some specimens. The intrinsic biological variation of the latter group means that the ideal 100% nosological specificity cannot be achieved with any cutoff point without inclusion of a large proportion of the former. Qualitative testing with a latex-agglutination technique also demonstrates this problem. Use of data on biological variation allows development of an appropriate clinical strategy to investigate diabetic patients.
The effect of rosiglitazone on urine albumin excretion in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Thiazolidinediones are antidiabetic agents that improve insulin sensitivity (IS). Accumulating data indicate that these agents provide beneficial effects beyond glycemic control, such as improvement in vascular function. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of rosiglitazone on urine albumin excretion (UAE) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and hypertension., METHODS: The study involved 20 subjects with type 2 DM who were already on 15 mg glibenclamide daily but were achieving poor glycemic control and who had either poorly controlled or newly diagnosed hypertension. In these patients, rosiglitazone (4 mg daily) was added to the existing therapeutic regimen for 26 weeks. At baseline and the end of the treatment, subjects gave a 24-h urine collection for direct measurement of albumin and a spot specimen for determination of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR). Subjects also had a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and an ambulatory blood pressure (BP) monitoring., RESULTS: At the end of the study, UAE was significantly reduced versus baseline, as measured either directly in the 24-h collection (22.4 +/- 4.6 v 13.8 +/- 3.0 mg/day, P < .05) or with ACR (20.9 +/- 3.8 v 14.0 +/- 2.8 mg/g, P < .05). The percentage changes in UAE (DeltaALB for the 24-h collection and DeltaACR for ACR) correlated with the respective changes in IS (r = -0.64, P < .01 for DeltaALB and r = -0.48, P < .05 for DeltaACR), systolic BP (r = 0.63, P < .01 and r = 0.58, P < .01 respectively), and diastolic BP (r = 0.56, P < .05 and r = 0.50, P < .05 respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: In this study, treatment of type 2 diabetic hypertensive patients with rosiglitazone significantly decreased UAE. Lowering of BP and improvement of IS should play roles in this UAE reduction.
Serum albumin as predictor of nutritional status in patients with ESRD.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Serum albumin is a widely used biomarker of nutritional status in patients with CKD; however, its usefulness is debated. This study investigated serum albumin and its correlation with several markers of nutritional status in incident and prevalent dialysis patients., DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: In a cross sectional study, serum albumin (bromocresol purple), and other biochemical (serum creatinine), clinical (subjective global assessment [SGA]), anthropometric (handgrip strength, skinfold thicknesses), and densitometric (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry) markers of nutritional status were assessed in 458 incident (61% male; mean age 54 +/- 13 years; GFR, 6.6 +/-2.3 ml/min per 1.73 m(2); recruited 1994-2010) and 383 prevalent (56% male; mean age 62 +/- 14 years; recruited 1989-2004) dialysis patients., RESULTS: In incident patients: serum albumin was correlated with sex (beta = -0.13; P = 0.02), diabetes mellitus (beta = -0.18; P = 0.004), and urinary albumin excretion (beta = -0.42; P = 0.001) but less so with poor nutritional status (SGA score >1; beta = -0.19; P = 0.001). In prevalent patients, serum albumin was correlated with age (beta = -0.14; P = 0.05), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (beta = -0.34; P = 0.001), diabetes mellitus (beta = -0.11; P = 0.04), and SGA score >1 (beta = -0.14; P = 0.003). In predicting nutritional status assessed by SGA and other markers, adding serum albumin to models that included age, sex, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease did not significantly increase explanatory power., CONCLUSIONS: In incident and prevalent dialysis patients,serum albumin correlates poorly with several markers of nutritional status. Thus, its value as a reliable marker of nutritional status in patients with ESRD is limited. In addition, the following inconsistencies between the main text and Tables 1 and 3 are also corrected as follows. (1) In Table 1, the GFR initially written as 6 +/- 3 ml/min per 1.73(2) should be corrected to 6.6 +/- 2.3 ml/min per 1.73(2). (2) On line 11 of page 1448, under the Clinical Correlates of Serum Albumin Concentration section describing the multiple regression models (Table 3), the P value was initially written as"serum albumin was associated with age (beta = -0.14; P = 0.05). " The P value should be corrected to have the same value as that given in Table 3 (beta = -0.14; P = 0.005. [corrected].
Microalbuminuria, insulin sensitivity and haemostatic factors in non-diabetic treated hypertensive men. Risk Factor Intervention Study Group.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether microalbuminuria in non-diabetic, treated hypertensive men is associated with insulin resistance and measures of endothelial function, thrombogenesis and fibrinolysis., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., SETTING: Outpatient clinic in city hospital., PATIENTS: Ninety-two treated hypertensive men, aged 57-77 years, either with a serum cholesterol of > or = 6.5 mmol L-1 or smokers, or both. Patients with diabetes mellitus or overnight urinary albumin excretion of > 100 mg 12 h-1 were excluded., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Overnight urinary albumin excretion, insulin-mediated glucose disposal (hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamp), blood glucose and plasma insulin during oral glucose tolerance test, fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor and plasminogen activator inhibitor activity., RESULTS: Microalbuminuric patients had increased blood glucose concentrations during the oral glucose tolerance test and higher plasma fibrinogen levels compared with the normoalbuminuric patients. In a randomly selected subgroup (n = 36), insulin-mediated glucose disposal was lower in microalbuminuric than in normoalbuminuric patients, and an inverse relationship between insulin sensitivity and albuminuria (r = -0.37; P = 0.028) was found. This relationship was not significant after adjustment for body-mass index (P = 0.098). In the univariate analyses including all patients, albuminuria was associated with blood glucose, serum creatinine, body-mass index, systolic blood pressure, fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor and cholesterol (negatively). In a multiple regression analysis, only the body-mass index was independently related to urinary albumin excretion., CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuria was associated with insulin resistance but obesity was a confounding factor. Relationships between microalbuminuria and fibrinogen as well as von Willebrand factor were found, but only in univariate analysis.
Short-term suppression of elevated growth hormone concentrations following insulin-like growth factor 1 administration in young adults with type 1 diabetes does not alter glomerular filtration or albumin excretion rates.; OBJECTIVE: Young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have increased glomerular filtration rate (GFR), which may mediate progressive renal disease and microalbuminuria. This may be secondary to low concentrations of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and GH hypersecretion. We tested the hypothesis that restoration of circulating IGF-I concentrations in young adults with T1DM might suppress GH secretion, GFR and urinary albumin excretion., DESIGN: In a randomized double blind crossover study six young adults with T1DM (three men, 19-24 years) received 7 days treatment with rhIGF-I/insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-3 complex (SomatoKine) 0.4 mg/kg/day and placebo. Subjects underwent overnight insulin infusion for euglycaemia, followed by determination of GFR and albumin excretion rate., RESULTS: Following IGF-I/IGFBP-3 complex, overnight insulin requirements (0.15 vs placebo 0.21 mU/kg/min, P < 0.04), plasma insulin (77 vs placebo 152 pmol/l, P < 0.01) and mean overnight GH (2.6 vs placebo 4.8 mU/l, P < 0.04) fell. IGF-I (492 vs placebo 218 ng/ml, P < 0.01) and IGFBP-3 (4.5 vs placebo 3.9 microg/ml, P < 0.05) increased. GFR did not change (145.5 (23.9) ml/min/1.73 m(2) post-IGF-I/IGFBP-3 complex vs 152.2 (19.8) post placebo). Albumin excretion rate did not change 9.5 (5.5-16.6)mg/24 h pre- vs 11.5 (9.9-20.2) post-IGF-I/IGFBP-3 complex and 10.7 (8.1-21.2) pre- vs 11.5 (8.7-29.9) post placebo. Plasma creatinine levels were lower following IGF-I/IGFBP-3 complex (mean +/- SD, 56.2 +/- 16.8 micromol/l) vs placebo (61.5, 45.0, P < 0.02)., CONCLUSIONS: Seven days treatment with IGF-I/IGFBP-3 complex enhanced overnight insulin sensitivity and reduced GH levels, but there was no effect on glomerular hyperfiltration or albumin excretion rates.
Efficacy and safety of pioglitazone versus metformin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a double-blind, randomized trial.; Pioglitazone increases the insulin sensitivity of peripheral tissues and may provide an alternative first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes. This study compared metabolic control in drug-naive type 2 diabetes patients given either pioglitazone or metformin. Eleven hundred and ninety-nine patients with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus [glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), 7.5-11%; normal, 4.3-6.1%] were randomized to receive either pioglitazone (< or =45 mg/d) or metformin (< or =850 mg, three times daily). HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin levels, total cholesterol (TC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, free fatty acids, and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio were measured. Mean HbA1c decreased in both treatment groups from baseline to wk 52 (-1.4% and -1.5%). Significantly greater mean reductions in FPG were observed in the pioglitazone group (-45.0 mg/dl; -2.5 mmol/liter) than in the metformin (-39.6 mg/dl; -2.2 mmol/liter) group (P = 0.016). Favorable changes in triglycerides and HDL-C were more pronounced with pioglitazone. Although low density lipoprotein cholesterol and TC levels increased with pioglitazone, TC/HDL-C ratios decreased similarly with both treatments. The urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was reduced by 19% with pioglitazone treatment, but remained unchanged with metformin therapy (-1%; P = 0.002). There was an increase in body weight of 1.9 kg in the pioglitazone group and a decrease of 2.5 kg in the metformin group. The overall frequency of adverse events was similar between treatment groups, but adverse event profiles were different between treatment groups. HbA1c reduction is similar after pioglitazone and metformin monotherapies, but differences in FPG, plasma lipids, and adverse effects between the two compounds may influence decision-making in individual prescribers.
Levels of retinol-binding protein 4 and uric acid in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a novel adipocytokine. It was observed that retinoid intoxication was related to acute attacks of gout. Furthermore, animal study has shown that colchicine inhibits RBP secretion. The aim of this study was to explore the association between RBP4 level and metabolic parameters especially uric acid in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Serum RBP4 level was measured by a commercial competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit, and its correlation with clinical and metabolic parameters was analyzed. Data on 885 subjects were used in the analysis. Pearson correlations revealed that serum RBP4 level correlated positively with age, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, systolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglyceride, uric acid, creatinine, and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio. Serum RBP4 level correlated negatively with estimated glomerular filtration rate but did not correlate with body mass index, homeostasis model assessment, A(1C), or high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Multiple linear regression analysis with serum RBP4 level as the dependent variable revealed that total cholesterol, triglyceride, uric acid, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio correlated independently and positively with serum RBP4 level and that estimated glomerular filtration rate correlated independently and negatively with serum RBP4 level. In conclusion, RBP4 level was independently associated with uric acid level.
Evaluation of cystatin C and beta-2 microglobulin as markers of renal function in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Despite recent studies showing that serum cystatin C (CC) is a better marker for GFR than the ubiquitously used serum creatinine, its clinical utility remains under evaluation., METHODS: To evaluate their usefulness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), serum concentrations of CC, beta-2 microglobulin (B2M) and creatinine were measured in 105 (38 males, 67 females) Kuwaiti patients with type 2 DM. The results were compared with creatinine clearance (Ccr), which was measured (mCcr) and estimated (eCcr) with the Cockroft-Gault formula, and correlated with 24-h urine protein and early morning urine albumin/creatinine excretion ratio., RESULTS: In patients with eCcr and mCcr results (n=51), eCcr and mCcr showed significant correlation with each other (r's=.86, P<.0001) with no significant difference between the two. In all patients (n=105), CC and B2M showed significant correlation with each other (r's=.82, P<.0001) and with serum creatinine concentration (r's=.77 and.84, respectively, P<.0001). Serum CC, B2M and creatinine showed significant (P<.001) inverse correlation with eCcr (r's=-.63, -.61 and -.76, respectively). Partial correlations after correcting for age and sex improved the correlation of serum creatinine with eCcr (r=-.81, P<.0001), but there was no significant change in the correlations of CC and B2M with eCcr (r=-.65, P<.0001 and r=-.62, P<.0001, respectively). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) plots for serum CC, B2M and creatinine for detection of changes in the eCcr showed that the area under the ROC curve+/-S.E. is 0.897+/-0.119 for CC, 0.871+/-0.091 for B2M and 0.785+/-0.087 for serum creatinine. There was no statistically significant difference between the areas under the curve (AUC) for serum creatinine and CC (P=.07) and B2M (P=.12). CC had the highest sensitivity for detection of eCcr (<60 ml/min/1.73 m(2)) at routinely used cutoff values. CC was also the best discriminator when patients with normoalbuminuria were compared with patients with microalbuminuria., CONCLUSION: Although there is no significant difference in the overall diagnostic accuracies of CC, B2M and creatinine for the detection of changes in the GFR, CC is the most sensitive marker at routinely used cutoff values and would be more clinically useful than B2M or serum creatinine in diabetic patients.
Associations between inflammatory markers, traditional risk factors, and complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Inflammatory markers predict cardiovascular events in a wide range of patients. Two factors, fibrinogen (FIB) and high-sensitivity C reactive protein (CRP), are currently entering clinical practice as cardiovascular risk predictors. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, we sought to examine the relationship between macrovascular disease, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR), and FIB or CRP, as well as the relationship of FIB and CRP with traditional risk predictors of these complications of diabetes., METHODS: In 202 consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus from a diabetes clinic, clinical and biochemical data were obtained and a cross-sectional analysis was performed., RESULTS: Patients with macrovascular disease had higher FIB (P=.02) but not higher CRP. They were older, more likely to have retinopathy or elevated serum creatinine, had higher ACR and lower HDL cholesterol. They were more likely to be treated with statins, beta-blockers, and ASA. Adjustment for statin therapy did not result in significant differences in CRP levels according to macrovascular disease status. Both FIB (P=.01) and CRP (P=.02) were significantly higher in patients with ACR whose values were in the proteinuria range. In multivariate analysis, both FIB (P=.001) and CRP (P=.03) were positively correlated with ACR, but no association was seen between CRP and ACR when FIB was entered in the model. Other factors positively associated with ACR were age, diastolic blood pressure, retinopathy, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). FIB and CRP were strongly correlated (R=.49, P< or =.001) and this effect was independent of statin therapy. CRP was positively associated with body mass index (BMI), serum triglycerides, and sulfonylurea therapy and negatively associated with metformin therapy. Patients on statin therapy had significantly higher FIB and lower CRP. Women on hormone replacement therapy (HRT) had significantly lower FIB and higher CRP., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with diabetes: (1) the two markers, FIB and CRP, are interrelated; (2) FIB is significantly associated with presence of microvascular disease, independent of CRP; (3) CRP is strongly associated with metabolic factors but not with complications of diabetes, independently of FIB; (4) statins and HRT were divergently associated with CRP and FIB as HRT was associated with lower FIB and higher CRP, while statins showed the reverse association; and (5) CRP and FIB provide different information about the characteristics and consequences of diabetes mellitus because of divergent associations with biological indicators and therapeutic agents.
[Urinary level of tissue factor and its procoagulant activity in patients with type 2 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To examine the urinary level of tissue factor (uTF) and its procoagulant activity (PCA) in patients with diabetes mellitus, and explore the relationship between uTF and renal damage in diabetes mellitus., METHODS: Eighty-six patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were divided into 3 groups according to urine albumin excretion (UACR), namely normal albuminuria group, microalbuminuria group and macroalbuminuria group. The levels of uTF, PCA, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine (CRE), serum cystatin C (CYSC), glycohemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) were measured in all the patients and 21 healthy controls., RESULTS: Compared with normal control, the diabetic patients showed significantly increased levels of uTF and PCA. The urinary TF-PCA was positively correlated to BUN, CYSC, CRE, UACR, fasting glucose and hs-CRP, but not to uTF; only hs-CRP, UACR were positively correlated to uTF., CONCLUSION: uTF is probably implicated in the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy.
Association of serum levels of glycated albumin, C-reactive protein and tumor necrosis factor-alpha with the severity of coronary artery disease and renal impairment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine whether elevated serum levels of glycated albumin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were related to an increased risk for coronary artery disease (CAD) and renal insufficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., DESIGN AND METHODS: Serum levels of glycated albumin, hsCRP, TNF-alpha and blood glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) were measured in 317 consecutive patients with T2DM and 309 normal controls. Patients with T2DM were grouped based upon coronary angiographic findings (Group I: 151 patients with normal coronary arteries; Group II: 166 patients with significant coronary stenosis [>70% luminal diameter narrowing]) and renal functional status evaluated by estimated creatinine clearance (CrCl) (normal renal function group: 187 patients with CrCl >90 mL/min; mild renal insufficiency group: 103 patients with CrCl 60-90 mL/min; moderate renal insufficiency group: 27 patients with CrCl 30-60 mL/min). Multivariate analysis was performed to determine independent risk factors for CAD and renal insufficiency in patients with T2DM., RESULTS: Serum levels of glycated albumin, hsCRP and TNF-alpha were significantly higher in Group II than in controls (P<0.01) and Group I (P<0.01). A significant difference was found in glycated albumin, hsCRP and TNF-alpha levels among diabetic patients with mild, moderate renal insufficiency and normal renal function (P<0.05). These biochemical measurements correlated significantly with number of diseased coronary vessels (P<0.01) and status of renal function (P<0.05). No difference existed in HbA1c levels between Group II and Group I, and among patients with various CrCL stages. Multivariate analysis revealed that male gender, old age and serum levels of glycated albumin, hsCRP, TNF-alpha and lipoprotein (a) were independent risk factors for CAD, and older age, hypertension and glycated albumin were for CrCl <60 mL/min in diabetes., CONCLUSIONS: Increased serum levels of glycated albumin, hsCRP and TNF-alpha are associated with the presence and severity of CAD and renal impairment in patients with T2DM.
Accuracy of the urinary albumin to creatinine ratio as a predictor of albuminuria in adults with sickle cell disease.; AIM: To test the usefulness of a random urine specimen albumin to creatinine ratio (A/C) in predicting 12 hour urinary albumin excretion (12UA) in patients with sickle cell disease., METHODS: 12UA and A/C were measured in nocturnal urine collections and random morning urine samples, respectively, of 72 patients with sickle cell disease., RESULTS: The correlation of A/C values with 12UA values did not provide support for the use of random urine specimens for predicting urinary albumin excretion (UAE) in these patients. However, values of A/C >/= 0.45 and < 0.45 were indicative of raised and normal UAE, respectively. The sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy of the test were 100.0%, 87.2%, and 91.7%, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: This method cannot be recommended for predicting 12UA in patients with sickle cell disease, but it is useful for selecting patients who should collect 12 hour urine for the estimation of UAE.
Urine albumin/creatinine ratio for the assessment of albuminuria in pregnancy hypertension.; BACKGROUND: An accurate method to assess albuminuria in pregnancy is mandatory to diagnose pre-eclampsia. Twenty-four-hour urine collection is still the only universally accepted method. This is, however, a cumbersome and inconvenient method. Therefore, the present study aimed at assessing the accuracy of a spot urine albumin/creatinine ratio in pregnant women with hypertension., MATERIAL AND METHODS: In 54 pregnant women with blood pressure >or=140/90 mmHg, 24-h albumin excretion and subsequent albumin/creatinine ratio on morning spot urine were analyzed in the individual patients. Altogether 75 paired samples were included. Receiver operating characteristic curves, relating different albumin/creatinine ratio cut-off values to 24-h albumin excretion >300 mg were constructed. Correlations were assessed by Spearman rank correlation tests., RESULTS: The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.985. At the optimal cut-off albumin/creatinine ratio value of 27 mg/mmol the sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive value for detecting albuminuria >300 mg/24 h were: 95, 100, 100 and 86% respectively. There was a close correlation between albumin/creatinine ratio and 24-h albumin excretion values (r=0.95; p<0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: It is suggested that in most cases the more cumbersome 24-h urine collection can be replaced by the more convenient albumin/creatinine ratio on spot urine.
[Diagnostic value of radom spot albuminuria to creatinine ratio in women with preeclampsia].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the correlation between spot albuminuria to creatinine ratio (ACR) and 24 h urinary protein excretion in women with preeclampsia and determine the optimal cut-off values of spot ACR in mild preeclampsia and severe preeclampsia., METHODS: Twenty-eight women with mild preeclampsia and 22 with severe preeclampsia at Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University between October 2010 and June 2011 were recruited. Maternal serum cystatin, uric acid, urea nitrogen, creatinine and albumin levels were collected and analyzed. Twenty-four hours urinary protein excretion was measured with immunoturbidimetric assay and ACR with automatic analyzer DCA2000. The correlation between ACR and 24 hours urinary protein excretion was explored. And the optimal cut-off values of the spot ACR for mild and severe preeclampsia were determined with receiver operating characteristic curve., RESULTS: (1) Maternal serum biochemical parameters: uric acid levels in mild and severe preeclampsia were (359 +/- 114) micromol/L and (450 +/- 132) micromol/L, while cystatin levels were (1.3 +/- 0.3) mg/L and (1.6 +/- 0.5) mg/L respectively. The differences were statistically significant (P < 0.05). Serum urea nitrogen, creatinine and albumin in mild preeclampsia were (3.6 +/- 1.6) mmol/L, (52 +/- 38) micromol/L and (33 +/- 3) g/L, while in severe preeclampsia were (6.2 +/- 3.1) mmol/L, (78 +/- 59) micromol/L and (29 +/- 6) g/L respectively. There were no statistical significant differences (P > 0.05). (2) Twenty-four hours urinary protein excretion and ACR: 24 hours urinary protein levels in mild and severe preeclampsia was (700 +/- 160) mg and (4800 +/- 2200) mg (P < 0.05). ACR in mild and severe preeclampsia was (72.7 +/- 12.4) mg/mmol and (401 +/- 245) mg/mmol respectively (P < 0.05). (3) There was a strong correlation between the spot ACR and 24 hours urine protein excretion (r = 0.938; P < 0.05). (4) The optimal spot ACR cut-off point for the diagnosis of preeclampsia: the optimal spot ACR cut-off point was 22.8 mg/mmol for 300 mg/24 hours of protein excretion in mild preeclampsia, the area under curve was 0.956, with a sensitivity, specificity of 82.4%, 99.4% respectively. And the optimal spot ACR cut-off point was 155.6 mol for 2000 mg/24 hours of protein excretion in severe preeclampsia, the area under curve was 0.956, with a sensitivity, specificity of 88.6%, 91.3% respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with 24 hours urinary protein excretion, the spot ACR may be a simple, convenient and accurate indicator of early diagnosis of preeclampsia. Spot ACR may be used as a replacement for 24 hours urine protein excretion in assessment of preeclampsia. The optimal spot ACR cut off points were 22.8 mg/mmol for mild preeclampsia and 155.6 mg/mmol for severe preeclampsia.
Comparison of urine dipstick, sulfosalicylic acid, urine protein-to-creatinine ratio, and species-specific ELISA methods for detection of albumin in urine samples of cats and dogs.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the use of dipstick, sulfosalicylic acid (SSA), and urine protein-to-creatinine ratio (UP:C) methods for use in detection of canine and feline albuminuria., DESIGN: Evaluation study., SAMPLE POPULATION: 599 canine and 347 feline urine samples., PROCEDURES: Urine was analyzed by use of dipstick, SSA, and UP:C methods; results were compared with those for a species-specific ELISA to determine sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value, and positive and negative likelihood ratios., RESULTS: Positive results for dipstick and SSA tests (trace reaction or greater) in canine urine had moderate specificity (dipstick, 81.2%; SSA, 73.3%) and poor PPV (dipstick, 34.0%; SSA, 41.8%). Values improved when stronger positive results (>or= 2+) for the dipstick and SSA tests were compared with ELISA results (specificity, 98.9% and 99.0% for the urine dipstick and SSA tests, respectively; PPV, 90.7% and 90.2% for the dipstick and SSA tests, respectively). Data obtained for cats revealed poor specificity (dipstick, 11.0%; SSA, 25.4%) and PPV (dipstick, 55.6%; SSA, 46.9%). Values improved slightly when stronger positive test results (>or= 2+) were used (specificity, 80.0% and 94.2% for the dipstick and SSA tests, respectively; PPV, 63.5% and 65.2% for the dipstick and SSA tests, respectively). The UP:C had high specificity for albuminuria in dogs and cats (99.7% and 99.2%, respectively) but low sensitivity (28.7% and 2.0%, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Caution should be used when interpreting a positive test result of a dipstick or SSA test for canine or feline albuminuria.
Diagnostic accuracy of spot urinary protein and albumin to creatinine ratios for detection of significant proteinuria or adverse pregnancy outcome in patients with suspected pre-eclampsia: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the diagnostic accuracy of two "spot urine" tests for significant proteinuria or adverse pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with suspected pre-eclampsia., DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis., DATA SOURCES: Searches of electronic databases 1980 to January 2011, reference list checking, hand searching of journals, and contact with experts., INCLUSION CRITERIA: Diagnostic studies, in pregnant women with hypertension, that compared the urinary spot protein to creatinine ratio or albumin to creatinine ratio with urinary protein excretion over 24 hours or adverse pregnancy outcome. Study characteristics, design, and methodological and reporting quality were objectively assessed., DATA EXTRACTION: Study results relating to diagnostic accuracy were extracted and synthesised using multivariate random effects meta-analysis methods., RESULTS: Twenty studies, testing 2978 women (pregnancies), were included. Thirteen studies examining protein to creatinine ratio for the detection of significant proteinuria were included in the multivariate analysis. Threshold values for protein to creatinine ratio ranged between 0.13 and 0.5, with estimates of sensitivity ranging from 0.65 to 0.89 and estimates of specificity from 0.63 to 0.87; the area under the summary receiver operating characteristics curve was 0.69. On average, across all studies, the optimum threshold (that optimises sensitivity and specificity combined) seems to be between 0.30 and 0.35 inclusive. However, no threshold gave a summary estimate above 80% for both sensitivity and specificity, and considerable heterogeneity existed in diagnostic accuracy across studies at most thresholds. No studies looked at protein to creatinine ratio and adverse pregnancy outcome. For albumin to creatinine ratio, meta-analysis was not possible. Results from a single study suggested that the most predictive result, for significant proteinuria, was with the DCA 2000 quantitative analyser (>2 mg/mmol) with a summary sensitivity of 0.94 (95% confidence interval 0.86 to 0.98) and a specificity of 0.94 (0.87 to 0.98). In a single study of adverse pregnancy outcome, results for perinatal death were a sensitivity of 0.82 (0.48 to 0.98) and a specificity of 0.59 (0.51 to 0.67)., CONCLUSION: The maternal "spot urine" estimate of protein to creatinine ratio shows promising diagnostic value for significant proteinuria in suspected pre-eclampsia. The existing evidence is not, however, sufficient to determine how protein to creatinine ratio should be used in clinical practice, owing to the heterogeneity in test accuracy and prevalence across studies. Insufficient evidence is available on the use of albumin to creatinine ratio in this area. Insufficient evidence exists for either test to predict adverse pregnancy outcome.
Spot urinary albumin-creatinine ratio predicts left ventricular hypertrophy in young hypertensive African-American men.; Hypertensive patients with target organ damage are at increased cardiovascular risk, and should be treated most aggressively. The association between urinary albumin excretion and left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in prior studies is inconsistent, and has not been described using a single, random spot urine specimen. Therefore, we evaluated the association between the urinary albumin creatinine ratio (ACR) and left ventricular (LV) mass and also tested the hypothesis that a simple random, single-void urine ACR would identify high risk young, hypertensive, African-American men. We measured echocardiographic LV mass and a random spot urinary ACR in 109 untreated, hypertensive, young, inner city, African-American men. The mean age was 41 +/- 6 years and the mean blood pressure (BP) was 157 +/- 19/107 +/- 13 mm Hg. Microalbuminuria (ACR 30 to 300 mg/g) was present in 22% of subjects. The ACR is higher in the men with LVH than in the men without LVH (P < .05). Increased ACR is a predictor of increased LV mass index (P < .003) using multiple linear regression. An ACR >30 mg/g has a sensitivity of 33% and a specificity of 82% for the diagnosis of echocardiographic LVH. In conclusion, elevated random spot ACR is a marker of increased LV mass, independent of BP, in young urban African-American men with hypertension, and may help to determine the aggressiveness of antihypertensive therapy in this high-risk group.
[Evaluation of two rapid tests for the determination of microalbuminuria and the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio].; OBJECTIVE: Microalbuminuria screening is justified on the grounds of its cost-benefit ratio in patients at risk of kidney damage while the process is still reversible. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the DCA 2000 analyser and the Clinitek 50 system (Bayer), which simultaneously measure urinary albumin and creatinine levels to adopt them as rapid methods for microalbuminuria detection., METHODS: One hundred twenty-seven urine samples from pediatric patients with various disorders were assessed. Albumin, creatinine, and the albumin/creatinine ratio were determined using the DCA 2000 analyzer and the Clinitek 50 system, which were compared against the usual reference laboratory methods., RESULTS: The correlation coefficient of nephelometric values vs the DCA 2000 analyzer was 0.914 for albumin, 0.970 for creatinine and 0.839 for the albumin/creatinine ratio. At an albumin cut-off concentration of 30 mg/l, the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value were 100 %, 93 %, 84 % and 100 % for the DCA 2000 analyzer and 91.7 %, 86 %, 55 % and 98 % for the Clinitek 50 system. ROC curve analysis showed that the DCA 2000 system was more effective than the Clinitek 50 in microalbuminuria screening., CONCLUSIONS: The data obtained with the DCA 2000 system showed close agreement with those obtained with reference laboratory methods. The immediate availability of results is a great advantage in clinical practice. The Clinitek-Microalbumin dipstick system is a semiquantitative method that is easy to use, low in cost, simple and useful for screening, but it is less reliable as a follow-up method.
Microalbumin measurement alone or calculation of the albumin/creatinine ratio for the screening of hypertension patients?.; BACKGROUND: Spot urine sampling seems to be a reliable screening method for the detection of microalbuminuria in hypertensive patients. It remains unclear whether microalbumin measurement alone or calculation of the albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) are more reliable for the detection of microalbuminuria in non-selected hypertensive patients., METHODS: Following collection of a spot, midstream urine sample, urine was collected for 24 h for the measurement of microalbumin in 264 hypertensive patients. We compared microalbumin concentration in the spot urine with microalbumin measured in the 24-h urine sample and examined the utility of the ACR in evaluating microalbuminuria in hypertensive patients. Pathologic microalbuminuria was assumed when the microalbumin concentration exceeded 30 mg/l in the 24-h urine sample. Diagnostic performance is expressed in terms of specificity, sensitivity, positive (PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV), and area under receiver operating characteristics curve (AUC)., RESULTS: A total of 47 samples (17.8%) showed pathologic microalbuminuria in the 24-h urine sample. The diagnostic performance expressed as AUC was 0.94 (95% CI 0.90-0.98) for microalbumin measurement alone and 0.94 (95% CI 0.89-0.97) for ACR. The PPV and NPV were 44.2 and 97.9% for microalbumin measurement alone. ACR revealed a PPV of 29.3% and a NPV of 96.2% for males and 42.9 and 98% for females, if a cut-off value of 2.5 mg/mmol for males and of 4.0 mg/mmol for females was used., CONCLUSIONS: The ACR did not provide any advantage compared with microalbumin measurement alone, but requires an additional determination of creatinine and the use of gender-specific cut-off values. Therefore, measurement of microalbuminuria alone in the spot urine sample is more convenient in daily clinical practice and should be used as the screening method for hypertensive patients.
Urinary albumin excretion patterns of patients with cast nephropathy and other monoclonal gammopathy-related kidney diseases.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Multiple myeloma is responsible for a wide variety of renal pathologies. Urinary protein and monoclonal spike cannot be used to diagnose cast nephropathy (CN). Because albuminuria is a hallmark of glomerular disease, this study evaluated the percentage of urinary albumin excretion (%UAE) as a tool to differentiate CN from Ig light chain amyloidosis (AL), light chain deposition disease (LCDD), and acute tubular necrosis (ATN)., DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Patients were selected from the Renal Biopsy Database and the Dysproteinemia Database. Participants were excluded if laboratory data were missing within 1 week of the renal biopsy. The %UAE was obtained from urine protein electrophoresis., RESULTS: From 1992 to 2011, 260 patients were biopsied (177 with AL, 28 with LCDD, 43 with CN, and 12 with ATN). The %UAE for CN patients was significantly lower (7%) than for ATN (25%), LCDD (55%), and AL (70%) patients (P<0.001). Significant differences were also found in serum creatinine, serum albumin, free light chain ratio, total urine protein, and urine monoclonal spike; only the %UAE remained independently associated with CN in a logistic regression model (P<0.001). The area under the curve for the receiver operator characteristic curve for %UAE was 0.99. At <25%, the %UAE had a sensitivity of 0.98, specificity of 0.94, positive predictive value of 0.75, and negative predictive value of 0.99., CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that %UAE was significantly less in CN than the other three renal lesions and %UAE may thus be helpful in diagnosis of CN.
Biologic variation of urinary albumin: consequences for analysis, specimen collection, interpretation of results, and screening programs.; Studies on the analytic and biologic variability of albumin concentration, albumin/creatinine ratio, and albumin excretion rate in first morning, random, and 24-hour urine specimens from healthy subjects suggest that (1) first morning specimens are preferred, (2) results should be expressed as albumin concentration, (3) assay of creatinine confers little advantage, (4) an analytical precision of coefficient of variation (CV) less than 18% is satisfactory, and (5) semiquantitative or qualitative analyses are suitable for screening programs. The intraindividual variation of albumin concentration in first morning specimens from diabetics is such that no threshold value gives the desired 100% nosological sensitivity. However, a threshold value of 30 mg/L confers 100% specificity, and a single abnormal result therefore requires initiation of therapy. Patients with negative results should continue to be monitored regularly.
Development and validation of a self-assessment tool for albuminuria: results from the Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) Study.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of albuminuria in the general population is high, but awareness of it is low. Therefore, we sought to develop and validate a self-assessment tool that allows individuals to estimate their probability of having albuminuria., STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: The population-based Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) Study for model development and the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2004 for model validation. US adults 45 years or older in the REGARDS Study (n = 19,697) and NHANES 1999-2004 (n = 7,168)., PREDICTOR: Candidate items for the self-assessment tool were collected using a combination of interviewer- and self-administered questionnaires., OUTCOME: Albuminuria was defined as a urinary albumin to urinary creatinine ratio >=30 mg/g in spot samples., RESULTS: 8 items were included in the self-assessment tool (age, race, sex, current smoking, self-rated health, and self-reported history of diabetes, hypertension, and stroke). These items provided a C statistic of 0.709 (95% CI, 0.699-0.720) and good model fit (Hosmer-Lemeshow chi(2)P = 0.49). In the external validation data set, the C statistic for discriminating individuals with and without albuminuria using the self-assessment tool was 0.714. Using a threshold of >=10% probability of albuminuria from the self-assessment tool, 36% of US adults 45 years or older in NHANES 1999-2004 would test positive and be recommended for screening. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values for albuminuria associated with a probability >=10% were 66%, 68%, 23%, and 93%, respectively., LIMITATIONS: Repeated urine samples were not available to assess the persistency of albuminuria., CONCLUSIONS: 8 self-report items provide good discrimination for the probability of having albuminuria. This tool may encourage individuals with a high probability to request albuminuria screening. Copyright © 2011 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Urinary aminopeptidase activities as early and predictive biomarkers of renal dysfunction in cisplatin-treated rats.; This study analyzes the fluorimetric determination of alanyl- (Ala), glutamyl- (Glu), leucyl-cystinyl- (Cys) and aspartyl-aminopeptidase (AspAp) urinary enzymatic activities as early and predictive biomarkers of renal dysfunction in cisplatin-treated rats. Male Wistar rats (n = 8 each group) received a single subcutaneous injection of either saline or cisplatin 3.5 or 7 mg/kg, and urine samples were taken at 0, 1, 2, 3 and 14 days after treatment. In urine samples we determined Ala, Glu, Cys and AspAp activities, proteinuria, N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), albumin, and neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL). Plasma creatinine, creatinine clearance and renal morphological variables were measured at the end of the experiment. CysAp, NAG and albumin were increased 48 hours after treatment in the cisplatin 3.5 mg/kg treated group. At 24 hours, all urinary aminopeptidase activities and albuminuria were significantly increased in the cisplatin 7 mg/kg treated group. Aminopeptidase urinary activities correlated (p<0.011; r(2)>0.259) with plasma creatinine, creatinine clearance and/or kidney weight/body weight ratio at the end of the experiment and they could be considered as predictive biomarkers of renal injury severity. ROC-AUC analysis was made to study their sensitivity and specificity to distinguish between treated and untreated rats at day 1. All aminopeptidase activities showed an AUC>0.633. We conclude that Ala, Cys, Glu and AspAp enzymatic activities are early and predictive urinary biomarkers of the renal dysfunction induced by cisplatin. These determinations can be very useful in the prognostic and diagnostic of renal dysfunction in preclinical research and clinical practice.
Practical aspects of measuring microalbuminuria in diabetic patients.; The importance of measuring microalbuminuria is well established; however, controversy still exists regarding the type of urine specimen to be used for detecting early renal impairment of diabetic patients. To evaluate practical aspects, albumin concentration and albumin/creatinine ratio of first void urine samples as well as urinary albumin excretion in timed specimens were determined by immunoturbidimetric method 3 times within 3 weeks in 192 adult diabetic patients (136 men, 56 women; Type 1/Type 2 diabetes: 90/102; age: 51.4+/-10.8 yr; duration of diabetes: 15.3+/-9.1 yr; body mass index: 27.9+/-4.6 kg/m2; HbA1c: 8.54+/-1.46%; actual blood pressure: 138+/-14/82+/-8 mmHg; serum creatinine: 94+/-20 pmol/l; x+/-SD). According to the urinary albumin excretion values one-third of patients (31.2%-30.7%-34.4%) were normoalbuminuric (<30 mg/24 hr), more than half of the patients (55.8%-57.3%-53.6%) proved to be microalbuminuric (30-300 mg/24 hr), while the remaining group of patients (13.0%-12.0%-12.0%) was macroalbuminuric (>300 mg/24 hr). Comparing the results of successive measurements, good correlation was found between the same laboratory values (urinary albumin excretion: kappa=0.64, kappa=0.67; urinary albumin concentration: kappa=0.60, kappa=0.62; albumin/creatinine ratio: kappa=0.54, kappa=0.61; first vs second and second vs third measurements, respectively). The percentage of patients being in the same range of albuminuria (ie normo-, micro- or macroalbuminuria) at successive measurements was 79.7-81.2% with urinary albumin excretion values, 77.1-77.6% with urinary albumin concentration and 74.5-78.6% with albumin/creatinine ratio. Good correlation was found between urinary albumin excretion and urinary albumin concentration (kappa=0.54; 0.54; 0.57) and nearly the same correlation was observed between urinary albumin excretion and albumin/creatinine ratio (kappa=0.49; 0.47; 0.54) at the three consecutive measurements (n=192). Using values of urinary albumin excretion for comparison at all measurements, 79.3% sensitivity and 69.5% specificity were found for urinary albumin concentration, whereas 74.6% sensitivity and 68.8% specificity were documented for albumin/creatinine ratio. Beside the standard measurement of urinary albumin excretion in timed urine samples, the use of the more convenient morning urinary spot collection could also provide useful results (urinary albumin concentration or albumin/creatinine ratio) for detecting early renal involvement in diabetic patients.
Physical activity alters urinary albumin/ creatinine ratio in type 1 diabetic patient.; While the best way to identify microalbuminuria is to determine albumin excretion rate (AER) in a 24 h urine sample. Published data have shown that calculation of an albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) in a spot urine sample has reasonable rate of sensitivity and specificity. We aimed to evaluate the effect of daily exercise on ACR and estimate the best time for the examination of the ACR in a spot urine sample. Sixteen eligible patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus were asked to perform varying degree of exercise periods. Urinary albumin and creatinine excretion rates during each period were determined. ACR and AER of timed urinary samples were compared with the 24 hour urinary AER. We found significant correlations between timed and 24 hour urinary AER. According to diagnostic performance tests, ACR and AER of timed urine samples were both found to be significantly more sensitive during resting period when compared with mild or moderate active periods. It is concluded that ACR and AER of a timed urine sample are sensitive and specific methods for determining microalbuminuria, while overnight resting samples give the impression of being more diagnostic. Key PointsTimed urine samples can predict microalbuminuria but because of the erroneous urine collections, microalbuminuria measurement should be calculated with creatiniuria measurement.With increasing physical activity during urine collection diagnostic performances of the cut-off values go downhill.For detecting microalbuminuria best results are reached with the early-morning urine samples.
Value of serum glycated albumin and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in the prediction of presence of coronary artery disease in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a major vascular complication of diabetes mellitus and reveals high mortality. Up to 30% of diabetic patients with myocardial ischemia remain asymptomatic and are associated with worse prognosis compared to non-diabetic counterpart, which warrants routine screening for CAD in diabetic population. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the clinical value of serum glycated albumin and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels in predicting the presence of CAD in patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: Three hundred and twenty-four patients with type 2 diabetes were divided into two groups based on presence (CAD group, n = 241) or absence (control group, n = 83) of angiographically-documented CAD (lumen diameter narrowing > or =70%). Serum levels of glycated albumin and hs-CRP as well as serum concentrations of glucose, lipids, creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and uric acid were measured in both groups. Predictors of CAD were determined using multivariate logistic regression model and receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curves., RESULTS: Serum glycated albumin and hs-CRP levels were significantly increased in diabetic patients with CAD. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that male gender, age, serum levels of glycated albumin, hs-CRP, creatinine and lipoprotein (a) were independent predictors for CAD. Areas under the curve of glycated albumin and hs-CRP and for regression model were 0.654 (95%CI 0.579-0.730, P < 0.001), 0.721 (95%CI 0.658-0.785, P < 0.001) and 0.824 (95% CI 0.768-0.879, P < 0.001), respectively. The optimal values of cut-off point were 18.7% (sensitivity 67.9%, specificity 60.0%) for glycated albumin and 5.2 mg/l (sensitivity 72.2%, specificity 60.0%) for hs-CRP to predict CAD. Logistic regression model was defined as: P/(1-P) = EXP(-1.5 + 1.265 gender + 0.812 age + 1.24 glycated albumin + 0.953 hs-CRP + 0.902 lipoprotein(a) + 1.918 creatinine). The optimal probability value for predicting CAD in type 2 diabetic patients was 0.648 (sensitivity 82.3%, specificity 68.6%)., CONCLUSION: Serum glycated albumin and hs-CRP levels were significantly elevated in patients with type 2 diabetes and CAD. The logistic regression model incorporating with glycated albumin, hs-CRP and other major risk factors of atherosclerosis may be useful for screening CAD in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Use of glycated albumin to distinguish occult diabetes mellitus from stress-induced hyperglycemia in Chinese orthopedic trauma patients.; BACKGROUND: Some nondiabetic trauma patients with hyperglycemia have been found to have occult diabetes mellitus (ODM). We studied whether glycated albumin (GA) was an effective tool for detecting ODM in orthopedic trauma patients with elevated glucose levels., METHODS: A cross-sectional, sequential case series study of adult patients presenting to the Orthopedic Trauma Center between September 2009 and March 2010 with new limb fractures was performed. Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and GA levels were measured in hyperglycemic patients with no prior diabetes mellitus. A receiver operating characteristic curve was plotted to examine the sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of GA in identifying occult diabetes in hospitalized patients with acute hyperglycemia., RESULTS: A total of 2,058 trauma patients were screened and 399 patients (19.4%) with no known diabetes mellitus were noted to be hyperglycemic. Of these 399 patients, 38.3% (n = 153) had ODM according to the HbA1c diagnosis cutoff point. GA level was strongly correlated with HbA1c using Pearson's correlation analysis (r = 0.887, p < 0.01). Using logistic regression analysis, GA (odds ratio [OR] = 1.60, p < 0.001) and fasting plasma glucose (OR = 1.974, p < 0.001) were identified as significant risk factors for the diagnosis of ODM. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that a GA value of 17.5% gave an optimal sensitivity of 73.20% and specificity of 99.12% for distinguishing ODM from stress-induced hyperglycemia., CONCLUSION: Almost 40% of nondiabetic orthopedic trauma patients presenting with hyperglycemia were found to have ODM. A GA value of 17.5%, the optimal cutoff point, could distinguish between ODM and stress-induced hyperglycemia in Chinese orthopedic trauma subjects., LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II, diagnostic study.
Various protein and albumin corrections of the serum fructosamine concentration in the diagnosis of canine diabetes mellitus.; Fructosamines are formed when glucose reacts non-enzymatically with amino groups on proteins, and previous studies have indicated that the serum fructosamine concentration could be of importance in the diagnosis of canine diabetes mellitus. Owing to the connection between the protein/albumin concentration and serum fructosamine concentration, it has been suggested that the serum fructosamine concentration should be corrected for the protein/albumin concentration. Thus, the purpose of the present study was to evaluate the uncorrected serum fructosamine concentration and various protein and albumin corrections of the serum fructosamine concentration in the separation of dogs with diabetes mellitus from dogs with other diseases that presented with clinical signs suggestive of diabetes mellitus. The evaluation was assisted by relative operating characteristic curves (ROC curves), which may be used to compare various diagnostic tests under equivalent conditions (equal true positive ratios or false positive ratios) and over the entire range of cutoff values. A total of 58 dogs (15 dogs with diabetes mellitus and 43 dogs with other diseases) were included in the study. Serum fructosamine concentration, serum total protein concentration and serum albumin concentration were measured in each dog, and various corrections of the serum fructosamine concentration for protein or albumin concentration were made. Comparing the ROC curves of the uncorrected and each corrected serum fructosamine concentration indicated that there was no decisive difference between the uncorrected and the corrected serum fructosamine concentrations in discriminating between dogs with and without diabetes mellitus. Hence, correcting the serum fructosamine concentration as a routine procedure cannot be advocated from the results of the study. Moreover, the sensitivity and specificity of the uncorrected serum fructosamine concentration were very high, 0.93 and 0.95, respectively, further evidence of the value of the uncorrected serum fructosamine concentration in the diagnosis of canine diabetes mellitus.
Sensitivity and specificity of mass screening for gastric cancer using the measurment of serum pepsinogens.; The aim of this study was to estimate the validity of mass screening for gastric cancer using serum pepsinogens (PG test). The study subjects were 4876 workers aged from 40 to 61 years old. Sera were obtained at the time of the health checkup and serum pepsinogen levels (PG I and PG II) were measured at the same time. PG I < 50 ng/ml and PG I/PG II ratio < 3.0 were adopted as the criteria for a positive result for the PG test. PG test-positive subjects were examined, in principle, by endoscopy. Furthermore, all subjects were followed up for a year to check for occurrence of gastric cancer. Among the total subjects, 911 (18.7%) were positive for the PG test and 650 (71.4%) among the positive subjects underwent further examinations, which revealed 11 cases of gastric cancer. Seven gastric cancer cases were diagnosed during the follow-up period within one year after the PG test. When the results of one years's follow-up from the time of screening were defined as the gold standard, the sensitivity and specificity of the PG test were estimated at 66.7% and 81.5%, respectively. The authors conclude that the validity of the PG test as a mass screening method may be comparable to that of X-ray screening, if optimum criteria of a positive test are selected.
Urine albumin/creatinine ratio, high sensitivity C-reactive protein and N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide--three new cardiovascular risk markers--do they improve risk prediction and influence treatment?.; In order to prioritize limited health resources in a time of increasing demands optimal cardiovascular risk stratification is essential. We tested the additive prognostic value of 3 relatively new, but established cardiovascular risk markers: N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide (Nt-proBNP), related to hemodynamic cardiovascular risk factors, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), related to metabolic cardiovascular risk factors and urine albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR), related to hemodynamic as well as metabolic risk factors. In healthy subjects with a 10-year risk of cardiovascular death lower than 5% based on HeartScore and therefore not eligible for primary prevention, the actual 10-year risk of cardiovascular death exceeded 5% in a small subgroup of subjects with UACR higher than the 95-percentile of approximately 1.6 mg/mmol. Combined use of high UACR or high hsCRP identified a larger subgroup of 16% with high cardiovascular risk in which primary prevention may be advised despite low-moderate cardiovascular risk based on HeartScore. Furthermore, combined use of high UACR or high Nt-proBNP in subjects with known cardiovascular disease or diabetes identified a large subgroup of 48% with extremely high cardiovascular risk who should be referred for specialist care to optimize treatment.
The urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio: assessment of its performance in the renal transplant recipient population.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Microalbuminuria predicts graft loss and death in the renal transplant population. Measurement of the urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) is recommended for its detection. There is uncertainty regarding the optimal UACR cutoff values. Few studies have examined the accuracy of UACR in the general population and none have been conducted in renal transplant recipients. The aim of this study is to determine the performance of UACR in the renal transplant population., DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS & MEASUREMENTS: Renal transplant recipients with a daily urinary albumin excretion rate of up to 300 mg accurately carried out a 24-hour urine collection and provided a morning urine sample for the measurement of albuminuria and UACR. The performance measures of UACR for the detection of microalbuminuria (30 to 300 mg/d) were calculated using different cutoffs., RESULTS: Median albuminuria was 23 mg/d, and median UACR was 17 mg/g. The area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve was 0.94 in men and 0.98 in women. The optimal cutoff was 21 mg/g in men and 24 mg/g in women. In men, the 30-, 17-, and 21-mg/g cutoffs provided a sensitivity of 0.79, 0.89, and 0.87. In women, the 30-, 25-, and 24-mg/g cutoffs provided a sensitivity of 0.90, 0.97, and 1.0., CONCLUSIONS: These data show that in the renal transplant population, lower gender-specific cutoffs should be used for the detection of microalbuminuria than the recommended 30-mg/g cutoff. These data support the need for a reappraisal of the 30-mg/g cutoff for the detection of microalbuminuria. Copyright © 2011 by the American Society of Nephrology
Urinary albumin excretion, HMW adiponectin, and insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetic patients undergoing bariatric surgery.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria portends an increased risk for renal and cardiovascular diseases in diabetes. In this pilot study, we determined the effect of weight loss induced by different types of bariatric surgery on albuminuria in severely obese type 2 diabetic (T2DM) subjects., METHODS: Fifteen consecutive T2DM patients (9M/6F, 51+/-14 years, body mass index (BMI) 49+/-9 kg/m2, HbA1c 7.2+/-1.1 percent) undergoing either Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB; N=9) or other types of bariatric surgery (N=6) underwent determination of urine albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) and adipokine and insulin sensitivity during a mixed meal tolerance test performed 2 weeks prior to and 6 months following surgery., RESULTS: Following RYGB, there was a significant decrease in BMI ((-4.74)+/-(-5.05) kg/m2), fasting glucose, cholesterol, and leptin levels. Insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index [12.05+/-3.81, p=0.003]) and high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin increased significantly along with a significant reduction in UACR (median, 36 mg/g [7-94] vs. 27 mg/g [5.5-42.5], p=0.01). The reduction in UACR following RYGB was inversely correlated with the Matsuda index (r=-0.74), p=0.02) and HMW adiponectin (r=(-0.67), p=0.04). In contrast, despite reduction in BMI ((-4.11)+/-(-4.10) kg/m2) following other types of bariatric surgery (n=6), there was no significant improvement in insulin sensitivity (0.88+/-2.40, p=0.63), UACR, or HMW adiponectin levels., CONCLUSIONS: RYGB in severely obese DM subjects is associated with a reduction in albuminuria that correlates to the improvement in insulin sensitivity and HMW adiponectin. The data point to a need for larger studies to confirm these findings and evaluate the micro-macrovascular benefits including renal parenchymal benefits of different types of bariatric surgery in T2DM.
C-reactive protein is directly associated with urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: There are no studies that elucidate whether the role of inflammation in the increase of urinary albumin is independent, mediated by family history or by risk factors acquired during life in the offspring of subjects with type 2 diabetes. We undertook this study to evaluate whether elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) levels are independently associated with urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) in the offspring of subjects with diabetic nephropathy., METHODS: A total of 64 healthy males and healthy nonpregnant females, offspring of subjects with diabetic nephropathy, aged 18-69 years, and with body mass index <=35 kg/m(2) were enrolled in a cross-sectional study. Hypertension, glucose metabolic disorders, metabolic syndrome, smoking, alcohol intake, chronic or acute infections, renal disease, neoplasm, cardiovascular disease, degenerative disease, intake of anti-inflammatory drugs, exercise, or sexual intercourse in the previous 72 h were exclusion criteria. Subjects with high-sensitivity CRP (hsCRP) levels >=3.0 mg/dL were compared with a gender- and age-matched control group of subjects with hsCRP levels <3.0 mg/dL., RESULTS: The multivariate linear regression analysis showed that hsCRP (B = 0.50, beta = 0.583, p = 0.02), total body fat (B = -2.80, beta = 0.473, p = 0.03), BMI (B = -1.45, beta = 0.390, p = 0.04) and waist circumference (B = 0.89, beta = 0.407, p = 0.04) are predictors for elevation of UACR (Table 2). However, in the stepwise model only hsCRP (B = 0.674; beta = 0.314; p = 0.04) remained significantly associated with UACR., CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that independent of the primary risk factors, elevated hsCRP levels are associated with UACR. Copyright © 2011 IMSS. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Microplate measurement of urinary albumin and creatinine.; We describe microplate methods for measurement of human urinary albumin (HUA) by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbant assay (ELISA) and creatinine with a modified commercial enzymatic kit. Incorporation of substrate mixing into the competitive ELISA changes the dynamic absorbance-concentration response, greatly simplifying calculations and improving sensitivity and accuracy. Measurement of creatinine in urine and plasma samples with a commercially available enzymatic kit modified for analysis by use of an inexpensive microplate reader produced values comparable in precision and accuracy to those obtained by an automated kinetic Jaffe method.
A bedtime dose of ARB was better than a morning dose in improving baroreflex sensitivity and urinary albumin excretion--the J-TOP study.; The hypothesis that the bedtime dosing of angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) is superior to morning dose in improving baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) was tested in this study. Baroreflex sensitivity was measured at baseline and at 6th month (N = 109) and was found to increase in the bedtime-dose group (P = .004), but not in the morning-dose group. The correlations between the change in BRS and the change in UACR were insignificant in the morning-dose group (r = 0.17, P = .26), but were significant in the bedtime-dose group (r = -0.29, P = .04). In conclusion, the improvement of BRS could be one of the mechanisms by which bedtime dosing of ARB confers renal protection.
Sodium sensitivity related to albuminuria appearing before hypertension in type 2 diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: To find whether sodium sensitivity of blood pressure appears before hypertension and whether the sensitivity is related to diabetic nephropathy, we examined type 2 diabetic patients with normal levels of serum creatinine., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 32 patients were divided into three age-matched groups: 11 patients had normoalbuminuria, 12 had microalbuminuria, and 9 had macroalbuminuria. Patients stayed on a diet with ordinary sodium levels for 1 week and a sodium-restricted diet for 1 week, in random order. Urinary excretion of sodium and albumin and systemic blood pressure were measured daily. A pressure-natriuresis curve was drawn by linkage of the two datum points obtained in the steady state during the different diets. We calculated the sodium sensitivity index as the reciprocal of the slope of this curve., RESULTS: The median sodium sensitivity index and the mean blood pressure were higher in micro- and macroalbuminuric patients than in normoalbuminuric patients. Eighteen patients were without hypertension (<140/90 mmHg); of these, 10 had blood pressure readings <130/85 mmHg with ordinary sodium levels. Urinary albumin was correlated with the index but not with blood pressure. For these 10 patients, the index in those with albuminuria was higher than in those with normoalbuminuria. In such patients with albuminuria, sodium restriction decreased albuminuria and blood pressure., CONCLUSIONS: In type 2 diabetic patients with albuminuria but normal levels of serum creatinine, sodium sensitivity of blood pressure appears before hypertension and is related to albuminuria; sodium restriction is one treatment for diabetic nephropath, even without hypertension.
Central obesity and albuminuria: both cross-sectional and longitudinal studies in Chinese.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is recognized as a marker of vascular dysfunction. Central obesity increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Little is known about the association between albuminuria and central obesity in Chinese. We aimed to assess the association between central obesity and prevalence and incidence of albuminuria in a middle-aged population-based cohort study., METHODS: This is a cross-sectional and longitudinal cohort study. A total of 2350 subjects aged >= 40 years were recruited in 2004 in Taiwan for cross-sectional analysis. Longitudinal analysis included 1432 baseline normoalbuminuria subjects with a mean 2.8 years follow-up, 67 of whom exhibited incident albuminuria. Albuminuria was defined as urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio >= 30 mg/g creatinine. Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate the relationship between central obesity and prevalence and incidence of albuminuria after adjustment for age, gender, body mass index, blood pressure, renal function, glucose, high sensitivity c-reactive protein, smoking, betel nut chewing, alcohol drinking, and physical activity., RESULTS: At baseline, albuminuria is significantly associated with central obesity. The adjusted odds ratio of having albuminuria among subjects with central obesity was 1.73(95% confidence interval (CI): 1.04-2.85), compared to the subjects without central obesity. In multivariable models, participants with central obesity at baseline had a 112% increase in risk of incident albuminuria (adjusted incidence rate ratio (95% CI): 2.12(1.01-4.44)) compared with participants with non-central obesity., CONCLUSIONS: Abdominal adiposity was independently associated with increased prevalence and incidence of albuminuria in Chinese. The mechanisms linking adiposity and albuminuria need to be addressed.
[New trends in the laboratory diagnostics of proteinuria and albuminuria].; According to current clinical trials, albumin excretion is an early indicator of cardiovascular damage. While proteinuria is considered as a marker of kidney function, albuminuria indicates cardiovascular risk first of all. Sensitivity of the previous laboratory tests does not meet the clinical requirements, and the error of urine collection makes the results misleading. For that reason recent guidelines suggest to calculate albumin/creatinine (ACR) and protein/creatinine (PCR) measured from the first morning urine. For the clinical diagnosis of albuminuria the sensitive immunoturbidimetric assays are suggested. Albumin dipsticks are not recommended for the measurement of albuminuria. Wide-range urinary protein reagents are also available with high sensitivity, while serum reagents are not applicable (Biuret). The traceability of calibrator to a reference material is a critical requirement. Proteinuria and albuminuria of a patient should be monitored in the same laboratory, using a fixed method and cut-off value. Albumin/creatinine value should be reported together with gender-dependent reference range.
ADMA, C-reactive protein, and albuminuria in untreated essential hypertension: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) and subclinical inflammation are associated with atherosclerosis progression, whereas microalbuminuria is an established index of hypertensive organ damage., STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional., SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: In an outpatient hypertensive unit, 296 nondiabetic and untreated participants with hypertension were studied. Participants with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, severe valvulopathy, congestive heart failure, presence of neoplastic or other concurrent systemic disease, atrial fibrillation, serum creatinine level > 1.5 mg/dL in men and > 1.4 mg/dL in women, and urinary albumin excretion > 300 mg/24 h were excluded., PREDICTORS: ADMA and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels., OUTCOME VARIABLE: Albuminuria assessed using albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR)., MEASUREMENTS: Participants underwent ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, echocardiography, routine assessment of metabolic profile, ADMA, and hs-CRP, whereas ACR was determined as the mean of 3 values in nonconsecutive morning spot urine samples., RESULTS: 64 participants had an ACR of 30-300 mg/g. Stratification based on ADMA level showed that participants with hypertension in quartile [Q] 4 compared with those in Q3, Q2, and Q1 showed the highest ACRs (53.2 vs 31.2 vs 30.4 vs 16.7 mg/g; P < 0.008 for all). Moreover, stratification based on hs-CRP level showed that participants with hypertension in Q4 (69.8% had microalbuminuria) showed the highest ACRs (72.2 vs 25.6, 16.2, and 19.2 mg/g for Q3, Q2, and Q1, respectively; P < 0.008 for all). Stepwise regression analysis showed that age, 24-hour systolic blood pressure, hs-CRP level, ADMA level, and the interaction of hs-CRP with ADMA were independent predictors of ACR (R(2) = 0.674; P < 0.001)., LIMITATIONS: Cross-sectional study., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with untreated essential hypertension, increased hs-CRP and ADMA levels are associated with microalbuminuria, suggesting the involvement of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in vascular and kidney damage. Copyright 2010 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sensitivity and specificity of published strategies using urinary creatinine to identify incomplete 24-h urine collection.; OBJECTIVE: Although urinary creatinine has been used to identify incomplete 24-h urine in numerous epidemiologic studies, information on its utility is limited. We examined the sensitivity and specificity of several strategies that use creatinine to identify incomplete urine using the p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) check method as reference., METHODS: Subjects were 654 female Japanese dietetic students 18-22 y of age. A single 24-h urine sample was collected, with recording of the time of the start and end of the collection period and missing urine volume. Simultaneous administration of PABA was done to assess completeness. The sensitivity and specificity of five strategies derived from the literature that used creatinine to identify incomplete urine were calculated as the proportion of incomplete and complete urine correctly identified, respectively., RESULTS: A total of 7.6% of subjects was identified as having incomplete urine by PABA (PABA recovery <85%). This proportion significantly (P < 0.0001) decreased (to 5.5%) after considering self-reported collection time and missing urine volume in the calculation of total urine volume. The sensitivity and specificity of the strategy of Knuimann et al. (incomplete urine = <0.7 of [mmol urinary creatinine x 113]/[21 x kilograms of body weight]) were 0.47 and 0.99, respectively. The corresponding values of other strategies were 0.11-0.22 and 0.57-1.00, respectively., CONCLUSION: At least in well-motivated populations in which the proportion of incomplete urine is presumed to be small, the strategy of Knuimann et al. and consideration of the self-reported collection time and missing urine volume in the estimation of total volume may be useful.
[Sensitivity and specificity of blood amylase, amylase and creatinine clearance ratio and urinary amylase/urinary creatinine ratio in the diagnosis of acute pancreatitis].; The sensitivity and specificity of amylasemia, the ratios of amylase/creatinine clearance and amylasuria/creatininuria were determined in four groups of patients: a control group (n = 43), patients with acute pancreatitis detected on computed tomography (n = 30, 25 cases of alcoholic pancreatitis), patients with an acute surgical abdomen without pancreatitis (n = 25), and patients with renal failure (n = 20). Sensitivity was defined for the acute pancreatitis group and specificity for the other groups. When amylasemia was greater than 20 UI/dl and the amylasuria/creatininuria ratio greater than 100, sensitivity was 98 per cent. The specificity of these two results in patients with an acute surgical abdomen was 98 per cent. When the ratio amylase/creatinine clearance ratio was greater than 4 sensitivity was 73 per cent and specificity in patients with acute surgical abdomen was 75 per cent. These two values were lower than those of the two preceding tests (p less than 0.01). Sensitivity of the association of an amylasemia greater than 13 UI/dl (m + 2SD) with a clearance ratio greater than 4 was 73 per cent. The amylase/creatinine clearance ratio did not seem to be reliable since its change was delayed with respect to the increase of amylasemia and amylasuria. This ratio has a poor specificity as it increased when the clearance of creatinine decreased in the group with an acute surgical abdomen associated with functional or organic renal failure. In these two groups, the correlation between the amylase/creatinine clearance ratio and creatininemia was significant. This suggested that the clearance of creatinine fell more rapidly than the clearance of amylase as renal failure increased.
Identifying diabetes mellitus or heart disease among health maintenance organization members: sensitivity, specificity, predictive value, and cost of survey and database methods.; We conducted a study of the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and cost of two methods of identifying diagnosed diabetes mellitus or heart disease among members of a health maintenance organization (HMO). Among 3186 adult HMO members who were attending one primary care clinic, 2326 were reached for a telephone survey (efficiency = 0.73). Among these members, 1991 answered standardized questions to ascertain whether they had diabetes or heart disease (corrected response rate = 0.85). Linkage was then made to computerized diagnostic databases. By means of both a database method and a survey method, the 1976 members with complete data for analysis were classified as having or not having diabetes or heart disease. When results with the two methods disagreed, charts were reviewed to confirm the presence or absence of diabetes or heart disease. Diabetes was identified among 4.7% of adult members, and heart disease was identified among 3.7%. Identification of diabetes differed between the database method and the survey method (sensitivity 0.91 vs 0.98, specificity 0.99 vs 0.99, positive predictive value 0.94 vs 0.83). Identification of heart attach history was similar for the database method and the survey method (sensitivity 0.89 vs 0.95, specificity 0.99 vs 0.99, positive predictive value 0.79 vs 0.81). The cost of obtaining data was $13.50 per member for the survey method and $0.30 per member for the database method. Database methods or survey methods of identifying selected chronic diseases among HMO members may be acceptable for various purposes, but database identification methods appear to be less expensive and provide information on a higher proportion of HMO members than do survey methods. Accurate identification of chronic diseases among patients supports clinic-level measures for clinical improvement, research, and accountability.
