Performance of prediction models for nephropathy in people with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and external validation study.; OBJECTIVES: To identify and assess the quality and accuracy of prognostic models for nephropathy and to validate these models in external cohorts of people with type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: Systematic review and external validation. DATA SOURCES: PubMed and Embase. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Studies describing the development of a model to predict the risk of nephropathy, applicable to people with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Screening, data extraction, and risk of bias assessment were done in duplicate. Eligible models were externally validated in the Hoorn Diabetes Care System (DCS) cohort (n=11 450) for the same outcomes for which they were developed. Risks of nephropathy were calculated and compared with observed risk over 2, 5, and 10 years of follow-up. Model performance was assessed based on intercept adjusted calibration and discrimination (Harrell's C statistic). RESULTS: 41 studies included in the systematic review reported 64 models, 46 of which were developed in a population with diabetes and 18 in the general population including diabetes as a predictor. The predicted outcomes included albuminuria, diabetic kidney disease, chronic kidney disease (general population), and end stage renal disease. The reported apparent discrimination of the 46 models varied considerably across the different predicted outcomes, from 0.60 (95% confidence interval 0.56 to 0.64) to 0.99 (not available) for the models developed in a diabetes population and from 0.59 (not available) to 0.96 (0.95 to 0.97) for the models developed in the general population. Calibration was reported in 31 of the 41 studies, and the models were generally well calibrated. 21 of the 64 retrieved models were externally validated in the Hoorn DCS cohort for predicting risk of albuminuria, diabetic kidney disease, and chronic kidney disease, with considerable variation in performance across prediction horizons and models. For all three outcomes, however, at least two models had C statistics >0.8, indicating excellent discrimination. In a secondary external validation in GoDARTS (Genetics of Diabetes Audit and Research in Tayside Scotland), models developed for diabetic kidney disease outperformed those for chronic kidney disease. Models were generally well calibrated across all three prediction horizons. CONCLUSIONS: This study identified multiple prediction models to predict albuminuria, diabetic kidney disease, chronic kidney disease, and end stage renal disease. In the external validation, discrimination and calibration for albuminuria, diabetic kidney disease, and chronic kidney disease varied considerably across prediction horizons and models. For each outcome, however, specific models showed good discrimination and calibration across the three prediction horizons, with clinically accessible predictors, making them applicable in a clinical setting. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42020192831.
Concordance With Screening and Treatment Guidelines for Chronic Kidney Disease in Type 2 Diabetes.; IMPORTANCE: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an often-asymptomatic complication of type 2 diabetes (T2D) that requires annual screening to diagnose. Patient-level factors linked to inadequate screening and treatment can inform implementation strategies to facilitate guideline-recommended CKD care. OBJECTIVE: To identify risk factors for nonconcordance with guideline-recommended CKD screening and treatment in patients with T2D. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This retrospective cohort study was performed at 20 health care systems contributing data to the US National Patient-Centered Clinical Research Network. To evaluate concordance with CKD screening guidelines, adults with an outpatient clinician visit linked to T2D diagnosis between January 1, 2015, and December 31, 2020, and without known CKD were included. A separate analysis reviewed prescription of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors in adults with CKD (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] of 30-90 mL/min/1.73 m2 and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio [UACR] of 200-5000 mg/g) and an outpatient clinician visit for T2D between October 1, 2019, and December 31, 2020. Data were analyzed from July 8, 2022, through June 22, 2023. EXPOSURES: Demographics, lifestyle factors, comorbidities, medications, and laboratory results. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Screening required measurement of creatinine levels and UACR within 15 months of the index visit. Treatment reflected prescription of ACEIs or ARBs and SGLT2 inhibitors within 12 months before or 6 months following the index visit. RESULTS: Concordance with CKD screening guidelines was assessed in 316 234 adults (median age, 59 [IQR, 50-67] years), of whom 51.5% were women; 21.7%, Black; 10.3%, Hispanic; and 67.6%, White. Only 24.9% received creatinine and UACR screening, 56.5% received 1 screening measurement, and 18.6% received neither. Hispanic ethnicity was associated with lack of screening (relative risk [RR], 1.16 [95% CI, 1.14-1.18]). In contrast, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, and hypertension were associated with a lower risk of nonconcordance. In 4215 patients with CKD and albuminuria, 3288 (78.0%) received an ACEI or ARB; 194 (4.6%), an SGLT2 inhibitor; and 885 (21.0%), neither therapy. Peripheral arterial disease and lower eGFR were associated with lack of CKD treatment, while diuretic or statin prescription and hypertension were associated with treatment. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study of patients with T2D, fewer than one-quarter received recommended CKD screening. In patients with CKD and albuminuria, 21.0% did not receive an SGLT2 inhibitor or an ACEI or an ARB, despite compelling indications. Patient-level factors may inform implementation strategies to improve CKD screening and treatment in people with T2D.
Circulating CXCL16 in Diabetic Kidney Disease.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Chronic kidney disease and, specifically, diabetic kidney disease, is among the fastest increasing causes of death worldwide. A better understanding of the factors contributing to the high mortality may help design novel monitoring and therapeutic approaches. CXCL16 is both a cholesterol receptor and a chemokine with a potential role in vascular injury and inflammation. We aimed at identifying predictors of circulating CXCL16 levels in diabetic patients with chronic kidney disease. METHODS: We have now studied plasma CXCL16 in 134 European patients with diabetic kidney disease with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) categories G1-G4 and albuminuria categories A1-A3, in order to identify factors influencing plasma CXCL16 in this population. RESULTS: Plasma CXCL16 levels were 4.0±0.9 ng/ml. Plasma CXCL16 increased with increasing eGFR category from G1 to G4 (that is, with decreasing eGFR values) and with increasing albuminuria category. Plasma CXCL16 was higher in patients with prior cardiovascular disease (4.33±1.03 vs 3.88±0.86 ng/ml; p=0.013). In multivariate analysis, eGFR and serum albumin had an independent and significant negative correlation with plasma CXCL16. CONCLUSION: In diabetic kidney disease patients, GFR and serum albumin independently predicted plasma CXCL16 levels.
Interest of albuminuria in nephrology, diabetology and as a marker of cardiovascular risk.; Albuminuria is associated with the progression of chronic kidney disease and the occurrence of cardiovascular events in patients with and without diabetes. The evolution of albuminuria appears to be associated with patient's prognosis. How exactly microalbuminuria is linked to cardiovascular risk remains unclear. This association is probably explained by endothelial dysfunction or chronic low-grade inflammation. Albuminuria/creatininuria ratio allows reduction of potential errors in urine collection. In France, the recommendations for the monitoring of albuminuria depend on the cause of albuminuria. An increase in urinary albumin excretion could signify the need for an intensive multifactorial intervention strategy and albuminuria is a relevant biological marker to monitor therapeutic effectiveness, since a reduction of albuminuria in patients, irrespective of their diabetic status, predicts reduction of cardiovascular risk.
Correlation of ACR and TcPO2 in diabetic kidney disease patients: A pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: Transcutaneous oxygen pressure (TcPO2) is used to assess microcirculation clinically; however, it is not widely available especially in rural hospital. The study was designed to explore potential alternatively biomarkers to assess microcirculation in diabetic kidney disease (DKD). METHODS: A total of 404 patients from Xuzhou first hospital were recruited according to the case records system. Patients were grouped via the ratio of albuminuria and creatinine (ACR; <30 mg/g, 30-300 mg/g, >300 mg/g). Biomarkers in different ACR groups were compared by analysis of variance. Correlation analysis was determined by Pearson or Spearman analysis and binary logistic regression. The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve was performed to elucidate the prediction effect of ACR on TcPO2. RESULTS: A total of 404 diabetic patients were recruited with 248 patients diagnosed as DKD and 156 non-DKDs. Age and cystatin C were significantly higher in the ACR3 group compared with those in the ACR1 group, whereas glomerular filtration rate, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and TcPO2 were markedly decreased in the ACR3 group (p < .05). Frequency of low TcPO2 (<40 mm Hg) was markedly increased as increment of ACR stages with 30.2% in the ACR3 group (p < .01). There was a negative correlation between TcPO2 and age, ACR, chronic kidney disease (CKD), fast blood glucose, diabetes mellitus (DM) duration, and diabetic neuropathy. Further, binary logistic regression showed ACR was an independent influence factor for low TcPO2. After adjusting for age, gender, hypertension, DM duration, body mass index, glycated hemoglobin, diabetic neuropathy, and CKD, ACR was still an independent influence factor for TcPO2 (odds ratio = 2.464, p < .01). The area under the ROC curve was 0.768 (95% confidence interval: 0.700-0.836, p < .001) for ACR. The analysis of ROC curves revealed a best cutoff for ACR was 75.25 mg/g and yielded a sensitivity of 71.7% and a specificity of 71.7%. CONCLUSIONS: ACR could be used as an alternative biomarker for assessing microcirculation in DKD patients.
The RAAS in the pathogenesis and treatment of diabetic nephropathy.; Angiotensin II and other components of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) have a central role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetic renal disease. A study in patients with type 1 diabetes and overt nephropathy found that RAAS inhibition with angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitors was associated with a reduced risk of progression to end-stage renal disease and mortality compared with non-RAAS-inhibiting drugs. Blood-pressure control was similar between groups and proteinuria reduction was responsible for a large part of the renoprotective and cardioprotective effect. ACE inhibitors can also prevent microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes who are hypertensive and normoalbuminuric; in addition, ACE inhibitors are cardioprotective even in the early stages of diabetic renal disease. Angiotensin-II-receptor blockers (ARBs) are renoprotective (but not cardioprotective) in patients with type 2 diabetes and overt nephropathy or microalbuminuria. Studies have evaluated the renoprotective effect of other RAAS inhibitors, such as aldosterone antagonists and renin inhibitors, administered either alone or in combination with ACE inhibitors or ARBs. An important task for the future will be identifying which combination of agents achieves the best renoprotection (and cardioprotection) at the lowest cost. Such findings will have major implications, particularly in settings where money and facilities are limited and in settings where renal replacement therapy is not available and the prevention of kidney failure is life saving.
'Progressive diabetic nephropathy. How useful is microalbuminuria?: contra'.; The concept of microalbuminuria has been central to the development of clinical practice and research in the area of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). However, in recent times, the value of a paradigm of DKD based solely on microalbuminuria has been questioned. Although both the absolute level and rate of change of microalbuminuria are linked to the development and progression of DKD, microalbuminuria on its own lacks the necessary sensitivity or specificity to accurately predict kidney outcomes for people with diabetes. The development of microalbumiuria can no longer be viewed as a committed and irreversible stage of DKD, as spontaneous remission is now reported as a common occurrence. In addition, the absence of microalbuminuria or its progression to proteinuria does not signify that an individual patient is safe from a progressive decline in glomerular filtration rate (GFR). Furthermore, although reductions in albuminuria within the microalbuminuric range can be linked to a slower GFR decline in observational studies, this relationship has not been robustly demonstrated in intervention studies. Conclusions regarding the kidney health of individuals with diabetes will continue to be flawed if an inappropriate emphasis is placed on the presence or absence of albuminuria or changes in albuminuria within the microalbuminuric range. This has important implications in terms of undermining the value of microalbuminuria as a surrogate renal end point for intervention trials. There is a need to develop broader models of progressive DKD that include novel pathways and risk markers apart from those related to the traditional 'albuminuric pathway' to renal impairment.
Kidney disease in adults with Prader-Willi syndrome: international cohort study and systematic literature review.; BACKGROUND: Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a rare, complex, genetic disorder characterized by hyperphagia, hypotonia, delayed psychomotor development, low muscle mass and hypothalamic dysfunction. Adults with PWS often have obesity, hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2), known risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Early symptoms of CVD and CKD may be masked by intellectual disability and inability to express physical complaints. Furthermore, kidney diseases are often asymptomatic. Therefore, renal and cardiovascular disease might be missed in patients with PWS. Microalbuminuria is an early sign of microvascular damage in the kidneys and other vascular beds. Therefore, we screened our adult PWS cohort for the presence of elevated urinary albumin and (micro)albuminuria. METHODS: We retrospectively collected anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, medical history, medication use, urine dipstick and biochemical measurements form electronic patient files. In addition, we performed a systematic literature review on kidney disease in PWS. RESULTS: We included 162 adults with genetically confirmed PWS (56% male, median age 28 years), of whom 44 (27%) had DM2. None had known CVD. All subjects had normal estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) according to non-PWS reference intervals. Elevated urinary albumin or (micro)albuminuria was present in 28 (18%); 19 out of 75 (25%) had an increased urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) and 10 out of 57 (18%) had an increased urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio. Elevated urinary albumin was present at a young age (median age 26 (IQR 24-32) years) and was associated with an significantly higher BMI and LDL-cholesterol levels and higher prevalence of DM2, hypertension and dyslipidemia than those with normal UACR (p=0.027, p=0.019, p<0.001, p<0.001, p=0.011 and respectively). CONCLUSION: Upon screening, one in every five adults with PWS had increased urinary albumin or (micro)albuminuria, early signs of microvascular disease. All had normal eGFR, according to non-PWS reference intervals, and none had a formal diagnosis of CVD. As muscle mass is low in PWS, creatinine levels and eGFR may be spuriously normal. Urinalysis in this patient group can be used as a screening tool for microvascular (kidney) disease. We propose an algorithm for the detection and management of microvascular disease in adults with PWS.
Electrochemical Skin Conductance in Diabetic Kidney Disease.; BACKGROUND: There is a need to identify patients with diabetic kidney disease (DKD) using noninvasive, cost-effective screening tests. Sudoscan®, a device using electrochemical skin conductance (ESC) to measure sweat gland dysfunction, is valuable for detecting peripheral neuropathy. ESC was tested for association with DKD (estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2)) in 383 type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D)-affected patients; diagnostic thresholds were determined in 540 patients. METHODS: Relationships between ESC with eGFR and urine albumin:creatinine ratio (UACR) were assessed in 202 European Americans and 181 African Americans with T2D. RESULTS: In 92 European American DKD cases and 110 T2D non-nephropathy controls, respectively, mean (SD) ages were 69 (9.7) and 61 (10.8) years, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) 7.4 (1.2) and 7.4 (1.3)%, eGFR 29.6 (12.2) and 87.8 (14.2) ml/min/1.73 m(2), and UACR 1,214 (1,705) and 7.5 (5.8) mg/g. In 57 African American cases and 124 controls, respectively, mean (SD) ages were 64.0 (11.9) and 59.5 (9.7) years, HbA1c 7.4 (1.3) and 7.5 (1.7)%, eGFR 29.6 (13.3) and 90.2 (16.2) ml/min/1.73 m(2), and UACR 1,172 (1,564) and 7.8 (7.1) mg/g. Mean (SD) ESC (μS) was lower in cases than controls (European Americans: case/control hands 49.5 (18.5)/62.3 (16.2); feet 62.1 (17.9)/73.6 (13.8), both p < 1.3 × 10(-6); African Americans: case/control hands 39.8 (19.0)/48.5 (17.1); feet 53.2 (21.3)/63.5 (19.4), both p ≤ 0.01). Adjusting for age, sex, body mass index and HbA1c, hands and feet ESC associated with eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (p ≤ 7.2 × 10(-3)), UACR >30 mg/g (p ≤ 7.0 × 10(-3)), UACR >300 mg/g (p ≤ 8.1 × 10(-3)), and continuous traits eGFR and UACR (both p ≤ 5.0 × 10(-9)). HbA1c values were not useful for risk stratification. CONCLUSIONS: ESC measured using Sudoscan® is strongly associated with DKD in African Americans and European Americans. ESC is a useful screening test to identify DKD in patients with T2D.
Prognosis and treatment of diabetic nephropathy: Recent advances and perspectives.; Approximately 20 to 40% of patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes develop diabetic kidney disease. It is a clinical syndrome characterized by persistent albuminuria (>300mg/24h, or 300mg/g creatinine), a relentless decline in glomerular filtration rate, raised arterial blood pressure and enhanced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The natural course of classical diabetic nephropathy is initially microalbuminuria or moderately increased urine albumin excretion (30-300mg/g creatinine). Untreated microalbuminuria may then rise gradually, reaching severely increased albuminuric (macroalbuminuria) over 5 to 15 years. Glomerular filtration rate then begins to decline and end-stage renal failure is reached without treatment in 5 to 7 years. Regular, systematic screening for diabetic kidney disease is needed to identify patients at risk for, or with presymptomatic stages of diabetic kidney disease. Multifactorial intervention targeting glucose, lipids and blood pressure including blockade of renin angiotensin system and lifestyle, has improved renal and cardiovascular prognosis and reduced mortality with 50%. Recent data suggest beneficial pleiotropic effects on renal endpoint with new glucose lowering agents. It is also being investigated if blocking aldosterone could be an option as a potential new treatment. Thus, although diabetic nephropathy remains a major burden, prognosis has improved and new options for further improvements are currently tested in phase 3 clinical renal outcome studies.
Identification and management of albuminuria in the primary care setting.; Albuminuria is an important risk marker for adverse cardiovascular (CV) and renal outcomes and mortality. The relationship between albuminuria and risk is continuous and linear, like that of blood pressure and cardiovascular risk. Evidence now supports increased risk even at levels traditionally considered within normal limits. In high-risk patients, routine annual screening can detect changes in urine albumin excretion and improve the timely identification of albuminuria, and therefore should be considered in patients with diabetes, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease. Preferred simple screening methods appropriate for use in the primary care setting include microalbumin-specific dipsticks and urinary albumin:creatinine ratio determination (from a spot urine sample). Cornerstones of albuminuria treatment include risk factor management, ongoing monitoring, and, in patients with hypertension, chronic kidney disease, or diabetes, the use of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS)-blocking agents. Both angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) have demonstrated utility in this regard; data from studies of direct renin inhibition are promising. The combined use of an ACE inhibitor and ARB was once considered a viable option for the treatment of albuminuria; however, results of the Ongoing Telmisartan Alone and in Combination With Ramipril Global Endpoint Trial (ONTARGET) raised important questions regarding the benefits and limitations of dual RAAS blockade. Ongoing studies should provide important insight into the effects of this approach on renal outcomes.
Diagnostic value of serum cathepsin S in type 2 diabetic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Identification of risk factors that have causal effects on the occurrence of diabetic kidney disease (DKD), is of great significance in early screening and intervening for DKD, and in delaying the progression of DKD to end-stage renal disease. Cathepsin S (Cat-S), a novel non-invasive diagnostic marker, mediates vascular endothelial dysfunction. The diagnostic value of Cat-S for DKD has rarely been reported in clinical studies. OBJECTIVE: To analyze whether Cat-S is a risk factor for DKD and evaluate the diagnostic value of serum Cat-S for DKD. METHODS: Forty-three healthy subjects and 200 type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients were enrolled. T2DM patients were divided into subgroups according to various criteria. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used to detect serum Cat-S levels among different subgroups. Spearman correlation analysis was used to analyze correlations between serum Cat-S and clinical indicators. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to analyze risk factors for the occurrence of DKD and decreased renal function in T2DM patients. RESULTS: Spearman analysis showed that serum Cat-S level was positively correlated with urine albumin creatinine ratio (r=0.76, P<0.05) and negatively correlated with estimated glomerular filtration rate (r=-0.54, P<0.01). Logistic regression analysis showed that increased serum Cat-S and cystatin C(CysC) were independent risk factors for DKD and decreased renal function in T2DM patients (P<0.05). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was 0.900 of serum Cat-S for diagnosing DKD, and when the best cut-off value was 827.42 pg/mL the sensitivity and specificity were 71.6% and 98.8%, respectively. Thus, serum Cat-S was better than CysC for diagnosing DKD (for CysC, the area under the ROC curve was 0.791, and when the cut-off value was 1.16 mg/L the sensitivity and specificity of CysC were 47.4% and 98.8%, respectively). CONCLUSION: Increased serum Cat-S were associated with the progression of albuminuria and decreased renal function in T2DM patients. The diagnostic value of serum Cat-S was better than that of CysC for DKD. Monitoring of serum Cat-S levels could be helpful for early screening DKD and assessing the severity of DKD and could provide a new strategy for diagnosing DKD.
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease in an adult population.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: One strategy to prevent and manage chronic kidney disease (CKD) is to offer screening programs. The aim of this study was to determine the percentage prevalence and risk factors of CKD in a screening program performed in an adult general population. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study. Six-hundred ten adults (73% women, age 51 ± 14 years) without previously known CKD were evaluated. Participants were subjected to a questionnaire, blood pressure measurement and anthropometry. Glomerular filtration rate estimated by CKD-EPI formula and urine tested with albuminuria dipstick. RESULTS: More than 50% of subjects reported family antecedents of diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension and obesity, and 30% of CKD. DM was self-reported in 19% and hypertension in 29%. During screening, overweight/obesity was found in 75%; women had a higher frequency of obesity (41 vs. 34%) and high-risk abdominal waist circumference (87 vs. 75%) than men. Hypertension (both self-reported and diagnosed in screening) was more frequent in men (49%) than in women (38%). CKD was found in 14.7%: G1, 5.9%; G2, 4.5%; G3a, 2.6%; G3b, 1.1%, G4, 0.3%; and G5, 0.3%. Glomerular filtration rate was mildly/moderately reduced in 2.6%, moderately/severely reduced in 1.1%, and severely reduced in <1%. Abnormal albuminuria was found in 13%. CKD was predicted by DM, hypertension and male gender. CONCLUSIONS: A percentage CKD prevalence of 14.7% was found in this sample of an adult population, with most patients at early stages. Screening programs constitute excellent opportunities in the fight against kidney disease, particularly in populations at high risk.
Screening for chronic kidney disease: which strategy?; INTRODUCTION: Screening for chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been increasingly advocated. However, several criticisms have been levied, and screening programs for CKD are not universally accepted. METHODS AND RESULTS: We discuss the problems of CKD screening and suggest improvements in the diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. Current problems with CKD screening are related to the need for both more efficient screening strategies and better screening tests. Diabetes mellitus, hypertension and age above 60 years seem to be the most important inclusion criteria for a CKD screening program, but only a small and variable proportion of CKD cases detected progress to end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Recent studies suggest that all stages of CKD should be stratified by the presence or absence of albuminuria. This applies particularly to CKD stage 3 in which a large proportion of subjects do not progress any quicker than those without kidney disease. Reduced kidney function and albuminuria are also strong and independent predictors for cardiovascular events. Screening for CKD using existing laboratory databases combined with automated management and referral recommendations based on the available evidence base seems to be a promising strategy for efficient and more adequate handling of the large number of CKD patients. CONCLUSION: Screening for CKD in the general population is still not recommended. However, high-risk groups like patients with diabetes mellitus or hypertension and subjects above age 60 should have their glomerular filtration rate estimated and be tested for albuminuria. Better interplay between primary and secondary care is needed for successful implementation of CKD clinical guidelines in general practice.
High prevalence of chronic kidney disease and its related risk factors in rural areas of Northeast Thailand.; In Thailand, chronic kidney disease (CKD) screening was reported in 2009 with an overall prevalence of 17.5% and the highest at 22.2% in the northeastern region. This study aimed to find out CKD prevalence of the Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes criteria and their related risk factors in the rural community. A population-based study was conducted in the rural sub-districts of northeastern Thailand. Data of socio-demographic status, lifestyle, underlying diseases, blood pressure, and body mass index were recorded. Blood and urine analysis was conducted along with ultrasonography of kidneys. Specimen collection and analyses were repeated after 3 months, and the factors associated with CKD were studied by logistic regression analysis. A total of 2205 participants with a mean age of 57.8 ± 11.7 years and female predominance (66.7%) completed the study. The prevalence of CKD was 26.8%, i.e., stages 1 (7.3%); stage 2 (9.0%); stage 3a (6.0%); stage 3b (2.8%); stage 4 (1.4%); and stage 5 (0.3%). Hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and renal stones were the major underlying diseases. Only 3.5% of the participants were aware of having CKD. An increase in age, male, unemployment, current smoking, diabetes, hypertension, underweight, anemia, hyperuricemia, and leukocytosis were significantly associated factors with the disease. The study revealed that CKD has developed as a significant public health problem in rural northeastern Thailand and one out of every four people has CKD. Therefore, early interventions are essential for the proper management and prevention of CKD.
Peptiduria: a potential early predictor of diabetic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: To protect the kidney effectively with medication in type 2 diabetics, it is crucial to identify such at-risk patients early for treatment. We investigated whether peptiduria precedes proteinuria (the earliest urinary marker in our model), and thereby serve as an early predictor of diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: A longitudinal study was performed in a rat model of diabetic nephropathy. Peptides, defined as degradation products of proteins of < 13 kD size, were quantified by a previously validated method using a combination of Lowry and Biorad protein assays. Peptides in urine were also confirmed by chromatographically separating low molecular weight fractions from urine and quantifying albumin fragments in these fractions by enzyme immunoassay. Also, the mechanism of peptiduria was addressed by measuring acid phosphatase, a marker of lysosomal activity, in urine and on kidney sections (histochemically). RESULTS: In rats with diabetic nephropathy, proteinuria occurred after 12 weeks of diabetes, while peptiduria occurred as early as 2 weeks after diabetes. Peptiduria was confirmed by showing that the chromatographically separated low molecular weight fractions of urine containing albumin fragments is in proportion to the level of peptiduria. The time course of peptiduria paralleled the increase in urinary acid phosphatase suggesting that the mechanism of early peptiduria could be due to upregulation of lysosomal enzyme activity in the tubules. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showing that peptiduria precedes proteinuria in diabetic nephropathy provide a compelling rationale to perform a prospective human clinical trial to investigate whether peptiduria can serve as an early predictor of diabetic nephropathy.
Rationale and strategies for early detection and management of diabetic kidney disease.; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) occurs in 20% to 40% of patients with diabetes mellitus and is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease in the United States. Despite the American Diabetes Association and the National Kidney Foundation advocating annual screening of diabetic patients, DKD remains underdiagnosed in the diabetic population. Early recognition of diabetic nephropathy by health care professionals is vital for proper management. The presence of microalbuminuria is particularly important as even low levels of dipstick-negative albuminuria indicate early disease long before a diminished glomerular filtration rate and are associated with an elevated cardiovascular disease risk. Like all forms of chronic kidney disease, DKD causes a progressive decline in renal function that, despite current treatment strategies, is largely irreversible. Many patients with DKD might be expected to develop end-stage renal disease, but many more patients will likely die of a cardiovascular event before renal replacement therapy is needed. Therefore, a renewed focus on cardiovascular risk factor reduction and a timely nephrology consultation with an emphasis on patient education is essential to proper DKD management.
Mitochondrial RNAs as Potential Biomarkers of Functional Impairment in Diabetic Kidney Disease.; Type 2 diabetes and renal damage are strictly linked. The progressive increase in T2D incidence has stimulated the interest in novel biomarkers to improve the diagnostic performance of the commonly utilized markers such as albuminuria and eGFR. Through microarray method, we analyzed the entire transcriptome expressed in 12 serum samples of diabetic patients, six without DKD and six with DKD; the downregulation of the most dysregulated transcripts was validated in a wider cohort of 69 patients by qPCRs. We identified a total of 33 downregulated transcripts. The downregulation of four mitochondrial messenger RNAs (MT-ATP6, MT-ATP8, MT-COX3, MT-ND1) and other two transcripts (seysnoy, skerdo) was validated in patients with eGFR stage G3 versus G2 and G1. The four messenger RNAs correlated with creatinine and eGFR stages, while seysnoy and skerdo were associated with white blood cell values. All transcripts correlated also with Blood Urea Nitrogen. The four mitochondrial messenger RNAs had a high diagnostic performance in G3 versus G2 discrimination, with AUC values above 0.8. The most performant transcript was MT-ATP6, with an AUC of 0.846; sensitivity = 90%, specificity = 76%, p-value = 7.8 × 10(-5). This study led to the identification of a specific molecular signature of DKD, proposing the dosage of RNAs, especially mitochondrial RNAs, as noninvasive biomarkers of diabetes complication.
Albuminuria and its correlates in type 2 diabetic patients.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of albuminuria and its correlates and investigate disease management for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Ahvaz. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study on the 350 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus attending the Diabetes Clinic at Golestan Hospital, from October 2010 to September 2011. Demographic characteristics were recorded and height, weight, and blood pressure were measured. Blood urea nitrogen and serum levels of creatinine, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and glycosylated hemoglobin A were measured in fasting blood samples. Spot urine and 24-hour urine collection were tested for albumin and kidney ultrasonography was done. RESULTS: A total of 72 of 350 patients (20.6%) had microalbuminuria and 18 (5.1%) had macroalbuminuria. Elevated serum creatinine was seen in 6.9% and azotemia in 6.0%. In multivariable analysis, blood urea nitrogen level, glycosylated hemoglobin A, and duration of diabetes mellitus were associated with urinary albumin excretion (P = .04). A small proportion of the participants achieved optimal treatment goals for modifiable risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal urinary albumin excretion is seen in one-quarter of type 2 diabetic patients and a small but important number of them have azotemia. Albuminuria was found to be associated with long-term duration of diabetes mellitus, poor glucose control (revealed by high glycosylated hemoglobin A levels), and high blood urea nitrogen. Poor glycemic control may have a significant role in the progression of diabetic nephropathy in these patients.
Biomarkers of rapid chronic kidney disease progression in type 2 diabetes.; Here we evaluated the performance of a large set of serum biomarkers for the prediction of rapid progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with type 2 diabetes. We used a case-control design nested within a prospective cohort of patients with baseline eGFR 30-60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Within a 3.5-year period of Go-DARTS study patients, 154 had over a 40% eGFR decline and 153 controls maintained over 95% of baseline eGFR. A total of 207 serum biomarkers were measured and logistic regression was used with forward selection to choose a subset that were maximized on top of clinical variables including age, gender, hemoglobin A1c, eGFR, and albuminuria. Nested cross-validation determined the best number of biomarkers to retain and evaluate for predictive performance. Ultimately, 30 biomarkers showed significant associations with rapid progression and adjusted for clinical characteristics. A panel of 14 biomarkers increased the area under the ROC curve from 0.706 (clinical data alone) to 0.868. Biomarkers selected included fibroblast growth factor-21, the symmetric to asymmetric dimethylarginine ratio, β2-microglobulin, C16-acylcarnitine, and kidney injury molecule-1. Use of more extensive clinical data including prebaseline eGFR slope improved prediction but to a lesser extent than biomarkers (area under the ROC curve of 0.793). Thus we identified several novel associations of biomarkers with CKD progression and the utility of a small panel of biomarkers to improve prediction.
Cardiovascular risk factors and incident albuminuria in screen-detected type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether cardiovascular risk factor modification influences the development of renal disease in people with type 2 diabetes identified through screening. We determined predictors of albuminuria 5 years after a diagnosis of screen-detected diabetes within the ADDITION-Europe study, a pragmatic cardiovascular outcome trial of multifactorial cardiovascular risk management. METHODS: In 1826 participants with newly diagnosed, screen-detected diabetes without albuminuria, we explored associations between risk of new albuminuria (≥2.5 mg mmol(-1) for males and ≥3.5 mg mmol(-1) for females) and (1) baseline cardio-metabolic risk factors and (2) changes from baseline to 1 year in systolic blood pressure (ΔSBP) and glycated haemoglobin (ΔHbA(1c) ) using logistic regression. RESULTS: Albuminuria developed in 268 (15%) participants; baseline body mass index and active smoking were independently associated with new onset albuminuria in 5 years after detection of diabetes. In a model adjusted for age, gender, baseline HbA(1c) and blood pressure, a 1% decrease in HbA(1c) and 5-mm Hg decrease in SBP during the first year were independently associated with lower risks of albuminuria (odds ratio), 95% confidence interval: 0.76, 0.62 to 0.91 and 0.94, 0.88 to 1.01, respectively. Further adjustment did not materially change these estimates. There was no interaction between ΔSBP and ΔHbA(1c) in relation to albuminuria risk, suggesting likely additive effects on renal microvascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Baseline measurements and changes in HbA(1c) and SBP a year after diagnosis of diabetes through screening independently associate with new onset albuminuria 4 years later. Established multifactorial treatment for diabetes applies to cases identified through screening.
Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter-2 Inhibitors-Miracle Drugs for the Treatment of Chronic Kidney Disease Irrespective of the Diabetes Status: Lessons from the Dedicated Kidney Disease-Focused CREDENCE and DAPA-CKD Trials.; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease worldwide. In Japan, the proportion of new patients requiring dialysis due to DKD has remained unchanged over the past five years. Early diagnosis and treatment are extremely important for the prevention of DKD progression. Albuminuria is the most promising biomarker currently available for diagnosing DKD and predicting its prognosis at an early stage; however, it has relatively poor specificity and sensitivity for DKD. Measuring the serum levels of tumor necrosis factor receptors (TNFRs; TNFR1 and TNFR2) is an alternative for predicting the prognosis of patients with CKD, irrespective of their diabetes status. Cardiorenal risk factor management and renin-angiotensin system inhibitor usage are effective in slowing the DKD progression, although the residual risk remains high in patients with DKD. Recently, two classes of antihyperglycemic agents, sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, in addition to nonsteroidal selective mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists, which are less potent blood pressure-lowering and potassium-sparing agents, have emerged as cardiorenal disease-modifying therapies for preventing the DKD progression. This review focused on the SGLT2 inhibitor-based therapeutic strategies that have demonstrated cardiorenal benefits in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Diabetic kidney disease: Is there a non-albuminuric phenotype in type 2 diabetic patients?; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria was widely considered as the first clinical sign of diabetic kidney disease (DKD), which is why it has traditionally been used as a screening test for DKD. However, increasing evidence has shown that a significant number of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients have a decreased glomerular filtration rate (GFR) without significant albuminuria, known as non-albuminuric DKD (NA-DKD). The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and the demographic and clinical characteristics of patients with NA-DKD. METHODS: This was a 1-year retrospective study that included 146 type 2 diabetic patients with GFR<75mL/min followed-up in a diabetes outpatient department. Patients were divided into two groups according to their ACR status - NA-DKD and albuminuric DKD (A-DKD). RESULTS: Of the 146 patients included in the study, 53.4% had A-DKD and 46.6% had NA-DKD. According to the multivariable analysis performed, patients with NA-DKD tended to be older (p=0.021), female (p=0.045) and with a lower GFR (p=0.004) than A-DKD patients. There was no difference between the groups in terms of body mass index, metabolic control of DM, duration of DM diagnosis and prevalence of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: The majority of patients with DKD had albuminuria, but a significant proportion had a non-albuminuric phenotype (46.6% in this population). These patients exhibit distinct clinical features that could have screening, therapeutic and prognosis implications.
[Can urine albumin/creatinine ratio replace 24 hours urinary albumin?].; Objective: To analyze the correlation between urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and 24-hour urinary microalbumin (UMA) and evaluate the predictive value of ARC for early diabetic nephropathy. Methods: A total of 368 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were retrospectively collected. Early diabetic nephropathy was defined as 24h UMA 30~<300 mg/24h. The correlation between ACR and 24hUMA, and the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of ACR in diagnosis of early diabetic nephropathy were calculated. Gender, age, course of disease, fasting venous blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, blood pressure, triglyceride and total cholesterol were used as adjusting variables to establish univariate and multivariate logistic models of ACR for early diabetic nephropathy, respectively. A regression model was used to evaluate the diagnostic value of ACR for early diabetic nephropathy. Results: The correlation between ACR and 24h UMA was 0.658. The area under ROC curve of ACR for early diabetic nephropathy was 0.907 before and 0.933 after adjustments of gender, age, course of disease, fasting venous blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, blood pressure, triglyceride and total cholesterol, respectively. The OR value of ACR of diabetic nephropathy was 2.016 before and 2.762 after same adjustments. The calibration of Hosmer-Lemeshow chi-square test evaluation model was 19.362 before (P=0.13) and 14.928 after adjustments (P=0.061). Conclusion: ACR is a better predictor for early diabetic nephropathy although its value is influenced by gender, age, course of disease, blood sugar, lipid, and blood pressure.
FABP1 and FABP2 as markers of diabetic nephropathy.; Background: Diabetes mellitus is the leading cause of diabetic nephropathy and a major public health issue worldwide. Approximately 20-30% of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have renal impairment. Fatty acid-binding protein 1 (FABP1) is expressed in renal proximal tubule cells and released into urine in response to hypoxia caused by decreased peritubular capillary blood flow, and FABP2 is responsible for the transport of free fatty acids in the intestinal endothelium cells. There is increasing evidence that FABP1 and FABP 2 play a role in the development and progression of chronic kidney disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the relation of circulating FABP1 and FABP2 levels to nephropathy in patients with T2DM. Methods: For this study, 268 subjects with T2DM who were enrolled in a disease management program were stratified according to urinary microalbumin and serum creatinine measurements. The plasma FABP1 and FABP2 concentrations were examined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Demographic and potential metabolic confounding factors were analyzed with logistic regression to calculate the effects of FABP1 and FABP2 levels on diabetic nephropathy. Results: The FABP1 and FABP2 levels increased in parallel with the advancement of diabetic nephropathy. Increasing concentrations of FABP1 and FABP2 were independently and significantly associated with diabetic nephropathy. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed FABP1 and FABP2 as an independent association factor for diabetic nephropathy, even after full adjustment of known biomarkers. Furthermore, receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that a FABP1 level of >33.8 ng/mL and a FABP2 level of >2.8 ng/mL were associated with diabetic nephropathy. Conclusion: Our results suggest that FABP1 and FABP2 may be novel biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy.
Predicting renal disease progression in a large contemporary cohort with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to provide data from a contemporary population-representative cohort on rates and predictors of renal decline in type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We used data from a cohort of 5777 people with type 1 diabetes aged 16 and older, diagnosed before the age of 50, and representative of the adult population with type 1 diabetes in Scotland (Scottish Diabetes Research Network Type 1 Bioresource; SDRNT1BIO). We measured serum creatinine and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) at recruitment and linked the data to the national electronic healthcare records. RESULTS: Median age was 44.1 years and diabetes duration 20.9 years. The prevalence of CKD stages G1, G2, G3 and G4 and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) was 64.0%, 29.3%, 5.4%, 0.6%, 0.7%, respectively. Micro/macroalbuminuria prevalence was 8.6% and 3.0%, respectively. The incidence rate of ESRD was 2.5 (95% CI 1.9, 3.2) per 1000 person-years. The majority (59%) of those with chronic kidney disease stages G3-G5 did not have albuminuria on the day of recruitment or previously. Over 11.6 years of observation, the median annual decline in eGFR was modest at -1.3 ml min(-1) [1.73 m](-2) year(-1) (interquartile range [IQR]: -2.2, -0.4). However, 14% experienced a more significant loss of at least 3 ml min(-1) [1.73 m](-2). These decliners had more cardiovascular disease (OR 1.9, p = 5 × 10(-5)) and retinopathy (OR 1.3 p = 0.02). Adding HbA(1c), prior cardiovascular disease, recent mean eGFR and prior trajectory of eGFR to a model with age, sex, diabetes duration, current eGFR and ACR maximised the prediction of final eGFR (r(2) increment from 0.698 to 0.745, p < 10(-16)). Attempting to model nonlinearity in eGFR decline or to detect latent classes of decliners did not improve prediction. CONCLUSIONS: These data show much lower levels of kidney disease than historical estimates. However, early identification of those destined to experience significant decline in eGFR remains challenging.
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease in a population in southern Brazil (Pro-Renal Study).; INTRODUCTION: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) affects 10-12% of the adult population in many countries. In Brazil, there is no reliable information about the actual prevalence of CKD. OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of CKD by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and proteinuria/albuminuria in an urban population randomly selected in Southern Brazil. Patients and. METHODS: 5,216 individuals were randomly selected out of a pool of 10,000 individuals identified from the database of a local energy company. The screening consisted of collection of demographic data, history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, kidney/cardiovascular disease in the family and obesity through the body mass index - BMI (CKD risk factors). Blood samples were collected for determination of serum creatinine and subsequent eGFR estimation by the MDRD formula and urine samples for determination of albuminuria by dipstick. Albuminuria was further evaluated by HemoCue© in a selected CKD risk group. RESULTS: The population was predominantly Caucasians (93%), 64% were females and the mean age of participants was 45 years old (18-87). BMI (kg/m2) was 27±5. Albuminuria was found in 5.25% of individuals. 88.6% of this population had no CKD (eGFR > 60 ml/min/1.73m2 & normoalbuminuria) and 11.4% were identified as having CKD, with majority on stages 3A (7.2%) and 3B (1.1%). Hypertension, diabetes, older age and obesity was associated with a higher prevalence of CKD (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of CKD in an urban population in southern Brazil mirrors other developed countries and indicates that kidney disease is an important public health problem in Brazil.
TNF-α and microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Recent evidence suggests that chronic subclinical inflammation plays a key role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetic nephropathy. Aim of the present study was to investigate possible correlation between the presence and degree of microalbuminuria and markers of inflammation in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). PATIENTS-METHODS: Eighty patients were enrolled and clinical and laboratory data were recorded. Albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) was calculated in first-morning urine samples. Serum and urinary tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) levels were determined by ELISA. RESULTS: Forty-five patients had normoalbuminuria, 33 microalbuminuria, and 2 macroalbuminuria. Patients with microalbuminuria were older, with higher glycosylated hemoglobin levels (HbA1c) and they more frequently had diabetic retinopathy, neuropathy, and cardiovascular disease and were on treatment with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) and/or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs). ACR was significantly correlated with the presence of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and HbA1c levels and the administration of clopidogrel and ACEi or ARBs. ACR was not correlated with C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, or serum TNF-α levels but had a strong correlation with urinary TNF-α levels. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with type 2 DM, urinary, but not serum, TNF-α levels are associated with the presence and severity of microalbuminuria.
The total urine protein-to-creatinine ratio can predict the presence of microalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: The Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes chronic kidney disease (CKD) guidelines recommend that CKD be classified based on the etiology, glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and degree of albuminuria. The present study aimed to establish a method that predicts the presence of microalbuminuria by measuring the total urine protein-to-creatinine ratio (TPCR) in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. METHODS AND RESULTS: We obtained urine samples from 1,033 patients who visited the cardiovascular clinic at St. Luke's International Hospital from February 2012 to August 2012. We measured the TPCR and the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) from random spot urine samples. We performed correlation, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, sensitivity, and subgroup analyses. There was a strong positive correlation between the TPCR and ACR (R2 = 0.861, p<0.001). A ROC curve analysis for the TPCR revealed a sensitivity of 94.4%, a specificity of 86.1%, and an area under the curve of 0.903 for detecting microalbuminuria for a TPCR cut-off value of 84 mg/g of creatinine. The subgroup analysis indicated that the cut-off value could be used for patients with CVD risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the TPCR with an appropriate cut-off value could be used to screen for the presence of microalbuminuria in patients with CVD risk factors. This simple, inexpensive measurement has broader applications, leading to earlier intervention and public benefit.
12(S)-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid is significantly increased in diabetic kidney disease and associated with renal function decline.; AIMS: 12(S)-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic (12(S)-HETE), an alternate arachidonic acid metabolite, has been recently examined in metabolic disease. However, the role of 12(S)-HETE in diabetic kidney disease (DKD) remains unclear. We studied for the first time the relationship of serum 12(S)-HETE and DKD and renal function parameters in a Chinese population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We recruited 275 subjects who were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) for more than 10 years, including 149 DKD patients and 126 T2DM patients without DKD. Serum 12(S)-HETE was measured using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Serum 12(S)-HETE was significantly higher in DKD patients than controls [384.69 (77.54, 1003.05) pg/ml and 17.77 (8.11, 75.13) pg/ml, respectively, p < 0.0001]. Compared to controls, 12(S)-HETE was significantly increased in both macroalbuminuria and microalbuminuria groups (p < 0.0001). Further, the macroalbuminuria group also had a higher serum 12(S)-HETE level compared to the microalbuminuria group (p = 0.0063). Moreover, serum 12(S)-HETE was positively correlated with the albuminuria level (r = 0.5833, p < 0.0001), serum creatinine (r = 0.2725, p < 0.0001), and was negatively associated with the estimated glomerular filtration rate (r = -0.2085, p = 0.0005). Further, receiver operating characteristic analysis (ROC) revealed that 12(S)-HETE had a good performance of distinguishing DKD from controls (AUC 0.828) with a sensitivity of 0.913 and a specificity of 0.711. CONCLUSION: Our findings revealed that serum 12(S)-HETE significantly associated with DKD and disease severity, suggesting that serum 12(S)-HETE may be used as a potential biomarker for the early diagnosis of DKD.
Clinical update: The important role of dual kidney function testing (ACR and eGFR) in primary care: Identification of risk and management in type 2 diabetes.; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is common complication of type 1 and type 2 diabetes and may lead to progressive kidney dysfunction culminating in end-stage kidney disease. Kidney function is evaluated less frequently than other care procedures in patients with diabetes, even though the opportunity to identify DKD early and slow or even halt renal damage early in the disease progression represents a potentially important clinical opportunity for early intervention. The following review provides an overview of the under-recognised importance of kidney function in T2D and current best-practice to support the identification of DKD as part of primary care T2D management.
Evaluation of urinary autophagy transcripts expression in diabetic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: We identified and validated novel urinary autophagy markers in diabetic kidney disease (DKD) based on bioinformatics analysis and clinical validation. PATIENTS & METHODS: We retrieved three novel autophagy genes related to DKD from public microarray databases, namely; microtubule-associated protein light chain (MAP1LC3A), WD Repeat Domain, Phosphoinositide Interacting 2 (WIPI2), and RB1-Inducible Coiled-Coil 1 (RB1CC1). Secondly we assessed the expression of the chosen autophagy transcript in urine sediment of 86 patients with DKD and 74 (age and sex matched) controls by reverse transcription quantitative real-time PCR. RESULTS: The urinary expression levels of MAP1LC3A, WIPI, RB1CC1 were significantly lower in DKD than control group (P<0.001).The receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses that each urinary autophagy transcript showed high sensitivity and specificity for distinguishing DKD from control (MAP1LC3A, 81.4% and 81.1%; WIPI, 74.4% and 67.6%, and RB1CC1, 81.4%,70.3%, respectively). Notably, a negative correlation was found between these autophagy markers, serum creatinine and urinary albumin creatinine ratio. The sensitivity and specificity of this urinary autophagy based panel reached 90.6% and 60% in diagnosis of DKD. CONCLUSION: We identified and validated a novel diagnostic urinary autophagy based panel with high sensitivity and moderate specificity representing a vital player in the pathogenesis of DKD.
"Predicting diabetic kidney disease in youth with type 1 diabetes: Insights from genetic risk assessment".; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is influenced by multiple factors, yet its precise progression mechanisms remain largely unclear. This study aimed to create a clinical risk-scoring system based on genetic polymorphisms in the AFF3, CARS, CERS2, ERBB4, GLRA3, RAET1L, TMPO, and ZMIZ1 genes. METHODS: The study included a DKD group diagnosed with diabetic kidney disease before age 18 and a WDC group matched by age, gender, and age at diabetes diagnosis. Genetic data and clinical data from diabetes diagnosis to moderately increased albuminuria (MIA) detection were compared between the groups. RESULTS: Among 43 DKD cases, 22 were girls and 21 were boys. At MIA diagnosis, mean body weight SDS was -0.24 ± 0.94, height SDS was 0.34 ± 1.15, and BMI SDS was -0.26 ± 0.94. Systolic blood pressure was at the 72nd percentile (2-99), and diastolic blood pressure was at the 74th percentile (33-99). Significant differences in rs267734, rs267738, and rs942263 polymorphisms were found between DKD and non-complication diabetic groups (13[30.2 %] vs 5[11.6 %], p = 0.034; 14[32.6 %] vs 5[11.6 %], p = 0.019; 26[60.5 %] vs 40[93 %], p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Several factors were identified as significant in DKD onset, including low follow-up weight SDS, elevated diastolic blood pressure, presence of rs267734, and absence of rs942263 polymorphisms. The model demonstrated a specificity of 81.4 % and a sensitivity of 74.4 %.
New insights into the use of biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a major microvascular complication of diabetes characterized by increasing albuminuria and progressive loss of kidney function. Increased excretion of albumin into the urine is a key feature of DN, and its assessment is considered to be an early marker predicting the onset and progression of DN. However, albuminuria has certain limitations; therefore, the quest for more reliable renal biomarkers with higher sensitivity and specificity are needed for early prediction of the onset and monitoring of the progression of DN. Furthermore, such biomarkers may also provide a better insight into identifying the complex pathophysiological processes responsible for DN. This article aims to provide a comprehensive and critical review of the current literature on relevant biomarkers of kidney injury, including markers of renal fibrosis, inflammation, and oxidative stress, as well as addressing contemporary proteomic approaches.
Serum chromogranin A correlated with albuminuria in diabetic patients and is associated with early diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: The kidney is the main site for the removal of chromogranin A (CgA). Previous studies have found that patients with renal impairment displayed elevated concentrations of CgA in plasma and that CgA concentrations reflect a deterioration of renal function. In this study, we aimed to estimate serum CgA levels and to evaluate the role of serum CgA in the early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: A total of 219 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included in this cross-sectional study. These patients were classified into normoalbuminuria (n = 121), microalbuminuria (n = 73), or macroalbuminuria (n = 25) groups based on their urine albumin to creatinine ratios (UACRs). The degree of DN is reflected by UACR. A control group consisted of 45 healthy subjects. The serum CgA levels were measured by ELISA, and other key parameters were assayed. RESULTS: Serum CgA levels were higher in patients with T2DM than in control subjects, and a statistically significant difference among the studied subgroups regarding CgA was found (P < 0.05). The levels of serum CgA increased gradually with the degree of DN (P < 0.001). Serum CgA levels showed a moderate-intensity positive correlation with UACRs (P < 0.001). A cutoff level of 3.46 ng/ml CgA showed 69.86% sensitivity and 66.12% specificity to detect DN in the early stage. CONCLUSION: The levels of serum CgA increased gradually with the degree of DN and can be used as a biomarker in the early detection of DN.
Cost-effectiveness of population-based screening for microalbuminuria in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus in India.; OBJECTIVES: Patients with diabetes have a higher risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD). Early detection of CKD through microalbuminuria screening, followed by treatment, delays the progression of CKD. We evaluated the cost-effectiveness of population-based screening of microalbuminuria among normotensive type 2 diabetes mellitus patients aged >40 years compared with no screening scenario using a decision tree combined with the Markov model. METHODS: We considered two scenarios: Scenario I - dipstick microalbuminuria followed by spot-urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) and serum creatinine in sequence; Scenario II - spot urine ACR plus serum creatinine. A mathematical cohort of the target population was simulated over a lifetime horizon with an annual cycle. Data for the model were obtained from secondary resources. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) were estimated for screening scenarios compared to nonscreening scenario, along with sensitivity analyses. RESULTS: The discounted ICER per quality-adjusted life years gained for annual microalbuminuria screening in the normotensive diabetic population in India were ₹ 24,114 (US$ 308) and ₹ 13,790 (US$ 176) for scenarios I and II, respectively. Annual screening by scenarios I and II resulted in a reduction of 180 and 193 end-stage renal disease (ESRD) cases per 100,000 population, respectively, resulting in a cost saving of ₹ 12.3 and 13.3 Crore spent on ESRD management over 10 years. Both scenarios were also cost-effective even at the screening frequencies of 5 and 10 yearly. CONCLUSION: Microalbuminuria screening was cost-effective at the threshold of one-time GDP per capita in India.
[Differential diagnosis of proteinuria].; Normally, protein secretion in the urine is less than 150 mg/day or less than 100 mg/g creatinine. Orthostatic proteinuria, proteinuria in the presence of fever, and effort proteinuria are benign forms. In cases of persistent proteinuria, prerenal or overflow proteinuria are distinguished from renal and post-renal proteinuria. Renal forms can be differentiated into glomerular and tubular as well as mixed forms. The urine dipstick is of only low sensitivity, and is therefore unsuitable as a screening test for diabetic microalbuminuria. In addition, it cannot detect immunoglobulin light chains in Bence Jones proteinuria. For the differentiation between glomerular and tubular forms of proteinuria, the determination of marker proteins in the urine, for example, alpha1 microglobulin, albumin and IgG, has proven utility.
Screening for chronic kidney disease in a community-based diabetes cohort in rural Guatemala: a cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: Screening is a key strategy to address the rising burden of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in low-income and middle-income countries. However, there are few reports regarding the implementation of screening programmes in resource-limited settings. The objectives of this study are to (1) to share programmatic experiences implementing CKD screening in a rural, resource-limited setting and (2) to assess the burden of renal disease in a community-based diabetes programme in rural Guatemala. DESIGN: Cross-sectional assessment of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and urine albumin. SETTING: Central Highlands of Guatemala. PARTICIPANTS: We enrolled 144 adults with type 2 diabetes in a community-based CKD screening activity carried out by the sponsoring institution. OUTCOME MEASURES: Prevalence of renal disease and risk of CKD progression using Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes definitions and classifications. RESULTS: We found that 57% of the sample met GFR and/or albuminuria criteria suggestive of CKD. Over half of the sample had moderate or greater increased risk for CKD progression, including nearly 20% who were classified as high or very high risk. Hypertension was common in the sample (42%), and glycaemic control was suboptimal (mean haemoglobin A1c 9.4%±2.5% at programme enrolment and 8.6%±2.3% at time of CKD screening). CONCLUSIONS: The high burden of renal disease in our patient sample suggests an imperative to better understand the burden and risk factors of CKD in Guatemala. The implementation details we share reveal the tension between evidence-based CKD screening versus screening that can feasibly be delivered in resource-limited global settings.
Renal cortical stiffness is markedly increased in pre-diabetes mellitus and associated with albuminuria.; INTRODUCTION: We aimed to investigate changes in renal cortical stiffness (CS) in Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and pre-DM patients compared to subjects with normal glucose metabolism (NGM), as well as the usefulness of renal CS to determine the presence of nephropathy. METHODS: This study included 125 individuals with NGM, pre-DM and Type 2 DM. Routine laboratory data was obtained, and micro- and macrovascular involvement were investigated. Urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR) was measured for urinary albuminuria detection. In addition to routine renal ultrasonography, CS was measured using renal elastography. RESULTS: Among the included patients, 42, 40 and 43 patients had NGM, pre-DM and Type 2 DM, respectively, with prevalence of nephropathy of 5%, 15% and 33%, respectively. Carotid and aortic intima-media thickness (IMT), renal width, and CS were found to be higher in the pre-DM and Type 2 DM groups than the NGM group. Aortic IMT, renal width and UACR levels were independently associated with CS. Patients with nephropathy were found to have a higher CS value than those without nephropathy (8.72 ± 1.67 kPa vs. 10.60 ± 1.74 kPa, p = 0.001). In receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, when the cut-off value for CS was taken as 9.2 kPa, renal CS predicted the possibility of nephropathy with 78.9% sensitivity and 71.4% specificity. CONCLUSION: CS values are significantly higher in patients with impaired glucose metabolism. We recommend CS measurement as part of routine screening of nephropathy in patients with pre-DM and newly diagnosed Type 2 DM.
Screening for diabetic kidney disease in primary care: A quality improvement initiative.; Gaps in care currently exist between diabetic kidney disease (DKD) guidelines and diabetes management in primary care settings. Implementation of quality improvement (QI) initiatives often improves these gaps in care. This article outlines a QI initiative exploring whether a local Federally Qualified Health Center could improve rates of screening for microalbuminuria, diagnosis of DKD, and treatment of the disorder in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Kidney disease risk factors associate with urine biomarkers concentrations in HIV-positive persons; a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: HIV-positive persons bear an excess burden of chronic kidney disease (CKD); however, conventional methods to assess kidney health are insensitive and non-specific for detecting early kidney injury. Urinary biomarkers can detect early kidney injury, and may help mitigate the risk of overt CKD. METHODS: Cross-sectional study of HIV-positive persons in the Multicenter AIDS Cohort Study and the Women's Interagency HIV Study. We measured levels of 14 biomarkers, capturing multiple dimensions of kidney injury. We then evaluated associations of known CKD risk factors with urine biomarkers using separate multivariable adjusted models for each biomarker. RESULTS: Of the 198 participants, one third were on HAART and virally suppressed. The vast majority (95%) had preserved kidney function as assessed by serum creatinine, with a median eGFR of 103 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (interquartile range (IQR): 88, 116). In our multivariable analyses, the associations of each CKD risk factor with urinary biomarker levels varied in magnitude. For example, HIV viral load was predominantly associated with elevations in interleukin(IL)-18, and albuminuria, while higher CD4 levels were associated with lower monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and β2-microglobulin. In contrast, older age was significantly associated with elevations in α1-microglobulin, kidney injury marker-1, clusterin, MCP-1, and chitinase-3-like protein-1 levels, as well as lower epidermal growth factor, and uromodulin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Among HIV-positive persons, CKD risk factors are associated with unique and heterogeneous patterns of changes in urine biomarkers levels. Additional work is needed to develop parsimonious algorithms that integrate multiple biomarkers and clinical data to discern the risk of overt CKD and its progression.
Predicting the development of diabetic nephropathy and its progression.; Diabetes remains the number one cause of end-stage renal disease worldwide. Only about one third of diabetic patients develop nephropathy, and the risk appears to be, in part, genetically determined. In this article, we review clinical and genetic markers for the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy. Microalbuminuria remains the best available predictor of the subsequent development of nephropathy, even though in recent years it has become clear that less than 50% of individuals with type 1 diabetes progress to overt proteinuria over a period of less than 10 years. It is of great interest for early recognition of risk of nephropathy that small elevations in nighttime blood pressure predict microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes. Genetic markers for diabetic nephropathy have not been conclusively identified. The occurrence of renal events in diabetic patients, however, appears to be influenced by the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) genotype, with a dominant deleterious effect of the D allele (D/D or I/D) versus I/I genotype. Some patients with the DD genotype also appear less susceptible to the renoprotective effects of conventional doses of ACE inhibitors, suggesting that ACE genotyping might be useful in selecting those patients that could benefit from higher doses of ACE inhibitors and more aggressive treatment to prevent or delay disease progression.
Diabetic nephropathy: common questions.; Diabetic nephropathy, or diabetic kidney disease, affects 20 to 30 percent of patients with diabetes. It is a common cause of kidney failure. Diabetic nephropathy presents in its earliest stage with low levels of albumin (microalbuminuria) in the urine. The most practical method of screening for microalbuminuria is to assess the albumin-to-creatinine ratio with a spot urine test. Results of two of three tests for microalbuminuria should be more than 30 mg per day or 20 mcg per minute in a three- to six-month period to diagnose a patient with diabetic nephropathy. Slowing the progression of diabetic nephropathy can be achieved by optimizing blood pressure (130/80 mm Hg or less) and glycemic control, and by prescribing an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker. Patients with diabetes and isolated microalbuminuria or hypertension benefit from angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. In the event that these medications cannot be prescribed, a nondihydropyridine calcium channel blocker may be considered. Serum creatinine and potassium levels should be monitored carefully for patients receiving angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers. These medications should be stopped if hyperkalemia is pronounced.
Adherence to Chronic Kidney Disease Screening Guidelines Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes in a US Administrative Claims Database.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the screening rates for kidney damage and function among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and chronic kidney disease stage at diabetes diagnosis using a US administrative claims database. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cohort study used a claims database enriched with laboratory results data. Patients with T2D (defined as 1 inpatient or 2 outpatient claims for diabetes), aged 18 years or older, and with at least 1 year of follow-up enrollment were identified. Patients with type 1 diabetes, kidney disease, or other related conditions at baseline were excluded. We estimated screening rates using laboratory orders for serum creatinine and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) measurement and urine albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR). Chronic kidney disease severity was reported using the Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes classification based on laboratory results. RESULTS: A total of 1,881,447 patients with T2D were eligible for analysis. Mean ± SD age was 63.1±13.1 years; 947,150 patients (50.3%) were male. Serum creatinine tests were ordered within 14 days of the index date among 290,722 patients of 622,915 (46.7%) patients with newly-recognized T2D. Overall, 1,595,964 patients (84.8%) had at least one serum creatinine test ordered during the 1-year follow-up period. Fewer patients received a UACR test during follow-up (814,897 [43.3%]). Less than half of all patients with T2D received a laboratory test order for both serum creatinine and urine albumin measurements during the follow-up period. CONCLUSION: Physicians treating patients with diabetes are selectively adhering to chronic kidney disease screening guidelines, as indicated by high rates of eGFR testing, but less frequent UACR testing. Despite recommendations to monitor both eGFR and UACR, less than half of patients were screened for albuminuria during the 1-year follow-up.
Prediction of Declining Renal Function and Albuminuria in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes by Metabolomics.; CONTEXT: Renal disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with excess morbidity/mortality. Although estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albuminuria are routine for assessing renal impairment, novel biomarkers could improve risk stratification and prediction. OBJECTIVE: To identify specific biomarkers of progression of renal dysfunction. DESIGN: Prospective observational. SETTING: Academic diabetes clinics. PATIENTS: A total of 286 T2DM patients (age, 62 ± 8 y; glycosylated hemoglobin, 7.2 ± 0.9%; eGFR, 85 ± 20 mL · min(-1) · 1.73 m(2)). INTERVENTIONS: None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Progression of eGFR and albuminuria. RESULTS: We performed screening metabolomics in serum and urine samples by gas chromatography/mass spectroscopy (MS) and ultra-high performance liquid chromatography/MS/MS. Biomarker identification was performed by random forest using an eGFR cutoff of < 60 mL · min(-1) · 1.73 m(2) or an albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) cutoff ≥ 30 mg/g as response variables. At follow-up, eGFR had declined by 16 [9] (median [interquartile ratio]) mL · min(-1) · 1.73 m(2), and ACR had increased by 41 [135] mg/g in patients in the respective top quartile of changes from baseline. Clinical parameters (gender, age, fasting glucose, and baseline eGFR) predicted outcome, with receiver operator characteristics curve (ROC) = 0.671. The five serum metabolites best correlated with either eGFR < 60 or ACR ≥ 30 at baseline were tested for their ability to improve clinical prediction. The sum of C-glycosyl tryptophan, pseudouridine, and N-acetylthreonine (MetIndex) raised the ROC to 0.739 (P < .0001). eGFR decline was predicted by the top MetIndex quartile (odds ratio = 5.48 [95% confidence interval, 2.23-14.47]). MetIndex also predicted an ACR increase with an odds ratio of 2.82 [1.20-7.03] and a ROC of 0.750. Top urine metabolites did not add significant predictivity. CONCLUSIONS: A limited number of circulating intermediates of amino acid and nucleotide pathways carry clinically significant predictivity for deterioration of renal function in well-controlled T2DM.
Albuminuria as a predictor of cardiovascular and renal outcomes in people with known atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria predicts elevated cardiovascular risk in those with and without diabetes. In diabetes, microalbuminuria also heralds overt diabetic nephropathy. The predictive value of albuminuria below the microalbuminuria cutoff, and the development of overt nephropathy in nondiabetics with microalbuminuria, have not been well studied. We review findings of the HOPE Study. METHODS: The HOPE Study database includes data on first morning urine albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) in 9043 participants at baseline, and in 7674 participants at baseline and at last follow-up. Inclusion criteria were known vascular disease or diabetes, plus one other cardiovascular risk factor; exclusion criteria included heart failure or known impaired left ventricular function, dipstick-positive proteinuria (> 1+), and serum-creatinine > 2.3 mg/dL (200 micromol/L). Microalbuminuria was defined as an ACR > or = 2 mg/mmol. RESULTS: Microalbuminuria at baseline approximately doubled the relative risk (RR) of the primary outcome (myocardial infarction, stroke, or CV death). For every 1 mg/mmol rise of ACR, even below the level of microalbuminuria, the adjusted hazard of the primary outcome increased by about 15%. Baseline microalbuminuria predicted subsequent clinical proteinuria, RR 17.5, similarly in participants without and with diabetes. New microalbuminuria developed in 1542 participants, and clinical proteinuria in 317. CONCLUSION: Albuminuria is a continuous risk factor for CV events even below the level of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria predicts clinical proteinuria in nondiabetics.
The compliance and cost-effectiveness of smartphone urinalysis albumin screening for people with diabetes in England.; BACKGROUND: People with diabetes are at increased risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD) and should undergo annual screening, but adherence is poor. A home urinalysis self-test has been developed to improve compliance with screening. The objective of this paper is to report on a clinical evaluation and economic analysis of home urinalysis self-testing. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: People with diabetes who had not undergone screening within the previous 18 months were recruited to a single-arm clinical evaluation to assess the uptake and compliance of home urinalysis self-testing. An economic evaluation assessed the likely cost-consequences of the use of home urinalysis self-testing over a lifetime time horizon. RESULTS: A total of 2,196 people with diabetes were contacted as part of the clinical evaluation. Of these, 695 people agreed to be sent a home urinalysis self-testing kit and 499 people completed and returned the test. Cost savings of £2,008 per person were estimated over a lifetime due to increased CKD diagnosis and reduced progression to end stage renal disease. CONCLUSIONS: Home urinalysis self-testing of ACR in people with diabetes is estimated to be a cost-effective use of NHS resources in England in people who would otherwise not comply with standard care.
Utilization of the corticomedullary difference in magnetic resonance imaging-derived apparent diffusion coefficient for noninvasive assessment of chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUNDS: Accumulating data demonstrated that the cortico-medullary difference in apparent diffusion coefficient (ΔADC) of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (DWI) was a better correlation with kidney fibrosis, tubular atrophy progression, and a predictor of kidney function evolution in chronic kidney disease (CKD). OBJECTIVES: We aimed to assess the value of ΔADC in evaluating disease severity, differential diagnosis, and the prognostic risk stratification for patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CKD. METHODS: Total 119 patients with T2D and CKD who underwent renal MRI were prospectively enrolled. Of them, 89 patients had performed kidney biopsy for pathological examination, including 38 patients with biopsy-proven diabetic kidney disease (DKD) and 51 patients with biopsy-proven non-diabetic kidney disease (NDKD) and Mix (DKD + NDKD). Clinicopathological characteristics were compared according to different ΔADC levels. Moreover, univariate and multivariate-linear regression analyses were performed to explore whether ΔADC was independently associated with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin creatinine ratio (UACR). The diagnostic performance of ΔADC for discriminating DKD from NDKD + Mix was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. In addition, an individual's 2- or 5-year risk probability of progressing to end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) was calculated by the kidney failure risk equation (KFRE). The effect of ΔADC on prognostic risk stratification was assessed. Additionally, net reclassification improvement (NRI) was used to evaluate the model performance. RESULTS: All enrolled patients had a median ΔADC level of 86 (IQR 28, 155) × 10(-6) mm(2)/s. ΔADC significantly decreased across the increasing staging of CKD (P < 0.001). Moreover, those with pathological-confirmed DKD has a significantly lower level of ΔADC than those with NDKD and Mix (P < 0.001). It showed that ΔADC was independently associated with eGFR (β = 1.058, 95% CI = [1.002,1.118], P = 0.042) and UACR (β = -3.862, 95% CI = [-7.360, -0.365], P = 0.031) at multivariate linear regression analyses. Besides, ΔADC achieved an AUC of 0.707 (71% sensitivity and 75% specificity) and AUC of 0.823 (94% sensitivity and 67% specificity) for discriminating DKD from NDKD + Mix and higher ESKD risk categories (≥50% at 5 years; ≥10% at 2 years) from lower risk categories (<50% at 5 years; <10% at 2 years). Accordingly, the optimal cutoff value of ΔADC for higher ESKD risk categories was 66 × 10(-6) mm(2)/s, and the group with the low-cutoff level of ΔADC group was associated with 1.232 -fold (95% CI 1.086, 1.398) likelihood of higher ESKD risk categories as compared to the high-cutoff level of ΔADC group in the fully-adjusted model. Reclassification analyses confirmed that the final adjusted model improved NRI. CONCLUSIONS: ΔADC was strongly associated with eGFR and UACR in patients with T2D and CKD. More importantly, baseline ΔADC was predictive of higher ESKD risk, independently of significant clinical confounding. Specifically, ΔADC <78 × 10(-6) mm(2)/s and <66 × 10(-6) mm(2)/s would help to identify T2D patients with the diagnosis of DKD and higher ESKD risk categories, respectively.
Association of Serum Uromodulin with Death, Cardiovascular Events, and Kidney Failure in CKD.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Uromodulin is exclusively produced by tubular epithelial cells and released into urine and serum. Higher serum uromodulin has been associated with lower risk for kidney failure in Chinese patients with CKD and with lower risk for mortality in the elderly and in patients undergoing coronary angiography. We hypothesized that lower serum uromodulin is associated with mortality, cardiovascular events, and kidney failure in white patients with CKD. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: We measured serum uromodulin in 5143 participants enrolled in the German CKD (GCKD) study. The associations of baseline serum uromodulin with all-cause mortality, major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE; a composite of cardiovascular mortality, nonfatal myocardial infarction or stroke, or incident peripheral vascular disease), and kidney failure (dialysis or transplantation) were evaluated using multivariable Cox proportional hazard regression analyses in a cohort study design, adjusting for demographics, eGFR, albuminuria, cardiovascular risk factors, and medication. RESULTS: The mean age of participants was 60±12 years, 60% were male. Mean serum uromodulin concentration was 98±60 ng/ml, eGFR was 49±18 ml/min per 1.73 m(2), and 78% had eGFR <60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Participants in lower serum uromodulin quartiles had lower eGFR and higher albuminuria, prevalence of diabetes, hypertension, coronary artery disease, and more frequent history of stroke at baseline. During a follow-up of 4 years, 335 participants died, 417 developed MACE, and 229 developed kidney failure. In multivariable analysis, the highest serum uromodulin quartile was associated with lower hazard for mortality (hazard ratio [HR], 0.57; 95% CI, 0.38 to 0.87), MACE (HR, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.45 to 0.90), and kidney failure (HR, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.10 to 0.55) compared with the lowest quartile. CONCLUSIONS: Higher serum uromodulin is independently associated with lower risk for mortality, cardiovascular events, and kidney failure in white patients with CKD. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY NAME AND REGISTRATION NUMBER: Deutsches Register für Klinische Studien (DRKS; German national database of clinical studies), DRKS00003971.
Establishment and validation of the cut-off values of estimated glomerular filtration rate and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio for diabetic kidney disease: A multi-center, prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to study the cut-off values of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and the urinary albumin creatinine ratio (UACR) in the normal range for diabetic kidney disease (DKD). METHODS: In this study, we conducted a retrospective, observational cohort study included 374 type 2 diabetic patients who had baseline eGFR ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and UACR <30 mg/g with up to 6 years of follow-up. The results were further validated in a multi-center, prospective cohort study. RESULTS: In the development cohort, baseline eGFR (AUC: 0.90, cut-off value: 84.8 mL/min/1.73 m(2), sensitivity: 0.80, specificity: 0.85) or UACR (AUC: 0.74, cut-off value: 15.5mg/g, sensitivity: 0.69, specificity: 0.63) was the most effective single predictor for DKD. Moreover, compared with eGFR or UACR alone, the prediction model consisted of all of the independent risk factors did not improve the predictive performance (P >0.05). The discrimination of eGFR at the cut-off value of 84.80 mL/min/1.73 m2 or UACR at 15.5mg/g with the largest Youden's index was further confirmed in the validation cohort. The decrease rate of eGFR was faster in patients with UACR ≥15.5mg/g (P <0.05). Furthermore, the decrease rate of eGFR or increase rate of UACR and the incidence and severity of cardiovascular disease (CVD) were higher in patients with eGFR ≤84.8 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or UACR ≥15.5mg/g (P <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, eGFR ≤84.8mL/min/1.73 m(2) or UACR ≥15.5mg/g in the normal range may be an effective cut-off value for DKD and may increase the incidence and severity for CVD in type 2 diabetic patients.
Proteinuria in diabetic nephropathy: treatment and evolution.; Diabetic nephropathy is characterized by increased urinary albumin excretion and loss of renal function. Increased urinary albumin (proteinuria) is a key component of this disease. Previously, its development led to end-stage renal disease with increased mortality and morbidity for diabetic patients versus nondiabetic patients. Several treatment strategies currently exist that can prevent, slow, and even reverse diabetic nephropathy. New trials suggest that a multidisciplinary approach focused on optimizing metabolic and hypertensive control, in addition to the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin 2 receptor antagonists, is effective in halting the progression of disease. Screening and implementation of these strategies is needed to reverse the epidemic of diabetic renal disease.
Development and validation of point-of-care testing of albuminuria for early screening of chronic kidney disease.; INTRODUCTION: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a significant global health issue. As the prevalence of renal replacement therapy (RRT) in Thailand is increasing, early detection and management of CKD is the most important step to prevent CKD progression and the need for RRT. Current diagnostic tests for CKD are non-specific and expensive. We aimed to develop and validate antibody-based-albumin point-of-care testing (POCT) to detect patients with impaired kidney function at early stage. METHODS: The prototype strip test was developed under the concept of competitive lateral flow immunochromatography assay, or strip test. Monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) to human serum albumin (HSA) were harvested from the hybridomas of spleen cells from immunized mice and mouse myeloma cells. Presence of MAbs was detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Spot urine was obtained from patients with kidney disease, type I, or type II Diabetes Mellitus upon their visit at King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital during 2018-2019. All samples were analyzed for urine albumin with our POCT (CU microalbumin) and the other two commercial POCTs (Microalbu PHAN and MICRAL). The results were validated against standard method for urine microalbumin measurement. A urine microalbumin concentration of less than 20 ug/ml was defined as normal. The sensitivity, specificity, and predictive values were calculated in comparison with the standard laboratory method. RESULT: A total of 100 adult patients were included. CU microalbumin had a sensitivity of 86%, a specificity of 94%, and a positive predictive value of 96%. Our POCT showed good correlation with the laboratory results. CONCLUSION: CU microalbumin correlated well with the standard method for quantitative measurement of urine albumin. Therefore, it has the potential for early screening of CKD, especially in primary health care facilities in resource limited settings.
Cerebral microvascular disease predicts renal failure in type 2 diabetes.; Abnormalities in small renal vessels may increase the risk of developing impaired renal function, but methods to assess these vessels are extremely limited. We hypothesized that the presence of small vessel disease in the brain, which manifests as silent cerebral infarction (SCI), may predict the progression of kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes. We recruited 608 patients with type 2 diabetes without apparent cerebrovascular or cardiovascular disease or overt nephropathy and followed them for a mean of 7.5 years. At baseline, 177 of 608 patients had SCI, diagnosed by cerebral magnetic resonance imaging. The risk for the primary outcome of ESRD or death was significantly higher for patients with SCI than for patients without SCI [hazard ratio, 2.44; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.36 to 4.38]. The risk for the secondary renal end point of any dialysis or doubling of the serum creatinine concentration was also significantly higher for patients with SCI (hazard ratio, 4.79; 95% CI 2.72 to 8.46). The estimated GFR declined more in patients with SCI than in those without SCI; however, the presence of SCI did not increase the risk for progression of albuminuria. In conclusion, independent of microalbuminuria, cerebral microvascular disease predicted renal morbidity among patients with type 2 diabetes.
The primary care physician/nephrologist partnership in treating chronic kidney disease.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) continues to be an ever-increasing health problem in the United States and elsewhere. Diabetes mellitus and hypertension remain the primary causes, and much of this is related to increased rates of obesity. Studies have demonstrated that early referral to a nephrologist can be life-saving and can also markedly improve quality of life. Besides recommending treatments for CKD, early referral can assist in medication management and in minimizing exposure to potential nephrotoxins. In patients who progress to end-stage renal disease, having an established patient-PCP-nephrologist relationship can ease the transition to renal replacement therapy or transplantation.
Prevalence and determinants of microalbuminurea among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients, Baghdad, Iraq, 2013.; Microalbuminuria (MAU) is an early marker of diabetic nephropathy (DN), which accounts for a significant reduction in life expectancy of diabetic patients. The progression of DN from the appearance of clinical proteinuria to end stage renal failure is usually irreversible. Increased levels of urinary albumin secretion may represent a more generalized vascular damage. This is the first study conducted in Iraq to determine the prevalence and potential risk factors of MAU among Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. A cross-sectional study was conducted on a systematic random sample of 224 eligible T2DM patients aged 25-64 years attending a DM clinic in Baghdad. A questionnaire was developed to gather basic and clinical data, besides anthropometric measurements, and laboratory assessment of lipid profile, HbA1c, serum creatinine, albumin, and microalbumin/creatinin in urine. MAU was defined as albumin/creatinine ratio 30-300 mg/g on two occasions. Only 36 cases (16.1%) had MAU. A statistical significant association found between MAU and educational level (P = 0.009), family history of hypertension (P = 0.024) and DN (P = 0.013), history of hypertension (P = 0.001), duration of angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitor drug intake in hypertensive patients (P = 0.001), body mass index (BMI) (P = 0.014), and waist to hip ratio (P = 0.006). Logistic regression analyses revealed two independent risk factors influencing MAU: diastolic blood pressure [odds ratio (OR) = 1.08, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.007-1.118] and BMI (OR = 1.17, 95% CI: 1.037-1.220). The prevalence of MAU is not low among DM patients. Mandatory screening of all DM patients and amelioration of the assigned significant risk factors are recommended.
Development and validation of algorithms to identify patients with chronic kidney disease and related chronic diseases across the Northern Territory, Australia.; BACKGROUND: Electronic health records can be used for population-wide identification and monitoring of disease. The Territory Kidney Care project developed algorithms to identify individuals with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and several commonly comorbid chronic diseases. This study aims to describe the development and validation of our algorithms for CKD, diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. A secondary aim of the study was to describe data completeness of the Territory Kidney Care database. METHODS: The Territory Kidney Care database consolidates electronic health records from multiple health services including public hospitals (n = 6) and primary care health services (> 60) across the Northern Territory, Australia. Using the database (n = 48,569) we selected a stratified random sample of patients (n = 288), which included individuals with mild to end-stage CKD. Diagnostic accuracy of the algorithms was tested against blinded manual chart reviews. Data completeness of the database was also described. RESULTS: For CKD defined as CKD stage 1 or higher (eGFR of any level with albuminuria or persistent eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73(2), including renal replacement therapy) overall algorithm sensitivity was 93% (95%CI 89 to 96%) and specificity was 73% (95%CI 64 to 82%). For CKD defined as CKD stage 3a or higher (eGFR < 60 ml/min/1.73(2)) algorithm sensitivity and specificity were 93% and 97% respectively. Among the CKD 1 to 5 staging algorithms, the CKD stage 5 algorithm was most accurate with > 99% sensitivity and specificity. For related comorbidities - algorithm sensitivity and specificity results were 75% and 97% for diabetes; 85% and 88% for hypertension; and 79% and 96% for cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: We developed and validated algorithms to identify CKD and related chronic diseases within electronic health records. Validation results showed that CKD algorithms have a high degree of diagnostic accuracy compared to traditional administrative codes. Our highly accurate algorithms present new opportunities in early kidney disease detection, monitoring, and epidemiological research.
The association between interleukin-19 concentration and diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Interleukin-19 (IL-19) is a newly discovered cytokine belonging to the Interleukin-10(IL-10) family. IL-19 have indispensable functions in many inflammatory processes and also can induce the angiogenic potential of endothelial cells. The purpose of present study was to investigate the relation of serum interleukin-19 (IL-19) levels with diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: Two hundred study groups of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (109 males and 91 females) were recruited, included normoalbuminuria(n = 102), microalbuminuria(n = 72) and macroalbuminuria(n = 26) . The 50 healthy blood donors were enrolled for the control group. All subjects were assessed for: IL-19, High-sensitivity C-reactive protein (Hs-CRP), Cystatin C, urinary albumin excretion rate (UAE) and glycosylated hemoglobin A1c(HbA1c). RESULTS: The serum IL-19 levels in DN patients were found to be significantly higher compared to controls. IL-19 levels were significantly positively correlated with Hs-CRP, Cystatin C, UAE and HbA1c(r = 0.623, 0.611,0.591 and 0.526 respectively, P < 0.01). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed IL-19 levels (P = 0.01) were found to be independently associated with patients with DN. CONCLUSIONS: IL-19 is significantly positive correlated with UAE and Cystatin C. IL-19 may play an important role that contributes to the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
Translating CKD Research into Primary Care Practice: a Group-Randomized Study.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is common in the primary care setting. Early interventions may prevent progression of renal disease and reduce risk for cardiovascular complications, yet quality gaps have been documented. Successful approaches to improve identification and management of CKD in primary care are needed. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether implementation of a primary care improvement model results in improved identification and management of CKD DESIGN: 18-month group-randomized study PARTICIPANTS: 21 primary care practices in 13 US states caring for 107,094 patients INTERVENTIONS: To promote implementation of CKD improvement strategies, intervention practices received clinical quality measure (CQM) reports at least quarterly, hosted an on-site visit and 2 webinars, and sent clinician/staff representatives to a "best practice" meeting. Control practices received CQM reports at least quarterly. MAIN MEASURES: Changes in practice adherence to a set of 11 CKD CQMs KEY RESULTS: We observed significantly greater improvements among intervention practices for annual screening for albuminuria in patients with diabetes or hypertension (absolute change 22% in the intervention group vs. - 2.6% in the control group, p < 0.0001) and annual monitoring for albuminuria in patients with CKD (absolute change 21% in the intervention group vs. - 2.0% in the control group, p < 0.0001). Avoidance of NSAIDs in patients with CKD declined in both intervention and control groups, with a significantly greater decline in the control practices (absolute change - 5.0% in the intervention group vs. - 10% in the control group, p < 0.0001). There were no other significant changes found for the other CQMs. Variable implementation of CKD improvement strategies was noted across the intervention practices. CONCLUSIONS: Implementation of a primary care improvement model designed to improve CKD identification and management resulted in significantly improved care on 3 out of 11 CQMs. Incomplete adoption of improvement strategies may have limited further improvement. Improving CKD identification and management likely requires a longer and more intensive intervention.
Nonmedical Factors and Health-Related Quality of Life in CKD in India.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Patient-reported outcomes have gained prominence in the management of chronic noncommunicable diseases. Measurement of health-related quality of life is being increasingly incorporated into medical decision making and health care delivery processes. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: The Indian Chronic Kidney Disease Study is a prospective cohort of participants with mild to moderate CKD. Baseline health-related quality of life scores, determined by the standardized Kidney Disease Quality of Life 36 item instrument, are presented for the inception cohort (n=2919). Scores are presented on five subscales: mental component summary, physical component summary, burden, effect of kidney disease, and symptom and problems; each is scored 0-100. The associations of socioeconomic and clinical parameters with the five subscale scores and lower quality of life (defined as subscale score <1 SD of the sample mean) were examined. The main socioeconomic factors studied were sex, education, occupation, and income. The key medical factors studied were age, eGFR, diabetes, hypertension, and albuminuria. RESULTS: The mean (SD) subscale scores were physical component summary score, 43±9; mental component summary score, 48±10; burden, 61±33; effects, 87±13; and symptoms, 90±20. Among the socioeconomic variables, women, lower education, and lower income were negatively associated with reduced scores across all subscales. For instance, the respective β-coefficients (SD) for association with the physical component summary subscale were -2.6 (-3.4 to -1.8), -1.5 (-2.2 to -0.7), and -1.6 (-2.7 to -0.5). Medical factors had inconsistent or no association with subscale scores. The quality of life scores also displayed regional variations. CONCLUSIONS: In this first of its kind analysis from India, predominantly socioeconomic factors were associated with quality of life scores in patients with CKD.
The Presence and Consequence of Nonalbuminuric Chronic Kidney Disease in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the prevalence of nonalbuminuric chronic kidney disease in type 1 diabetes to assess whether it increases the risk of cardiovascular and renal outcomes as well as all-cause mortality. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was an observational follow-up of 3,809 patients with type 1 diabetes from the Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study. All patients were Caucasians and thoroughly examined at baseline. Their mean age was 37.6 ± 11.8 years and duration of diabetes 21.2 ± 12.1 years. Follow-up data on cardiovascular and renal outcomes and mortality were retrieved from registers. During 13 years of median follow-up, 378 developed end-stage renal disease, 415 suffered an incident cardiovascular event, and 406 died. RESULTS: At baseline, 78 (2.0%) had nonalbuminuric chronic kidney disease. This was associated with older age, female sex, history of retinal laser treatment, cardiovascular events, and the number of antihypertensive drugs in use, but not with blood pressure levels or specific antihypertensive agents. Nonalbuminuric chronic kidney disease did not increase the risk of albuminuria (hazard ratio [HR] 2.0 [95% CI 0.9-4.4]) or end-stage renal disease (HR 6.4 [0.8-53.0]) but did increase the risk of cardiovascular events (HR 2.0 [1.4-3.5]) and all-cause mortality (HR 2.4 [1.4-3.9]). The highest risk of cardiovascular and renal end points was observed in the patients with albuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Nonalbuminuric chronic kidney disease is not a frequent finding in patients with type 1 diabetes, but when present, it is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and all-cause mortality but not with renal outcomes.
Relationship between BNP level and renal function in diabetic nephropathy with microalbuminuria.; AIMS: We examined the relationship between the brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level and renal function in diabetic nephropathy with microalbuminuria. METHODS: The subjects were 97 Japanese type 2 diabetes mellitus outpatients with microalbuminuria. Associations between the annual rate of decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and various metabolic parameters at baseline (BMI, systolic blood pressure, HbA1c, LDL cholesterol, urine albumin-creatinine ratio, BNP and eGFR) were examined. RESULTS: Among the baseline factors, eGFR and BNP had significant associations with the annual rate of decline in eGFR in Pearson correlation analysis (r=0.295, p=0.003; r=0.223, p=0.028, respectively). Multiple linear regression analysis also showed the significance of baseline eGFR and BNP as independent predictors of renal function (β=0.340, p=0.001; β=0.278, p=0.005, respectively). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, eGFR and BNP were independently associated with the risk of a decline in GFR (p=0.003, p=0.011, respectively). ROC curve analysis showed a cutoff value of BNP is 17.0 pg/mL for predicting a decline in GFR. CONCLUSIONS: The BNP level at baseline is an independent predictor of the annual rate of decline in eGFR. Therefore, monitoring of BNP can play an important role in management of diabetic nephropathy.
The automatic detection of diabetic kidney disease from retinal vascular parameters combined with clinical variables using artificial intelligence in type-2 diabetes patients.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has become the largest cause of end-stage kidney disease. Early and accurate detection of DKD is beneficial for patients. The present detection depends on the measurement of albuminuria or the estimated glomerular filtration rate, which is invasive and not optimal; therefore, new detection tools are urgently needed. Meanwhile, a close relationship between diabetic retinopathy and DKD has been reported; thus, we aimed to develop a novel detection algorithm for DKD using artificial intelligence technology based on retinal vascular parameters combined with several easily available clinical parameters in patients with type-2 diabetes. METHODS: A total of 515 consecutive patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus from Xiangyang Central Hospital were included. Patients were stratified by DKD diagnosis and split randomly into either the training set (70%, N = 360) or the testing set (30%, N = 155) (random seed = 1). Data from the training set were used to develop the machine learning algorithm (MLA), while those from the testing set were used to validate the MLA. Model performances were evaluated. RESULTS: The MLA using the random forest classifier presented optimal performance compared with other classifiers. When validated, the accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, F1 score, and AUC for the optimal model were 84.5%(95% CI 83.3-85.7), 84.5%(82.3-86.7), 84.5%(82.7-86.3), 0.845(0.831-0.859), and 0.914(0.903-0.925), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A new machine learning algorithm for DKD diagnosis based on fundus images and 8 easily available clinical parameters was developed, which indicated that retinal vascular changes can assist in DKD screening and detection.
Chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes: Does an abnormal urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio need to be retested?; OBJECTIVE: To determine the positive predictive value (PPV) of a single random abnormal urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) compared with repeat test results in patients with type 2 diabetes to diagnose chronic kidney disease (CKD). DESIGN: Retrospective, longitudinal secondary data analysis using Calgary Laboratory Services data. SETTING: Calgary, Alta. PARTICIPANTS: Patients aged 21 and older with a new diagnosis of diabetes in the study period from January 2008 to December 2015 and with a first abnormal urine ACR followed by another ACR test completed within 120 days. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The PPV of an abnormal urine ACR (2 to 20 mg/mmol) to diagnose CKD was calculated. A test result was considered a true positive if a subsequent positive test result (≥ 2 mg/mmol) was identified within 120 days of the first positive test result and a false positive if 2 subsequent negative test results were identified within the same time period. The relationship between the first and second urine ACR values to assess the probability of the second urine ACR being abnormal (≥ 2 mg/mmol) based on the values of the first abnormal urine ACR was also explored. RESULTS: The PPV of the first abnormal urine ACR between 2 and 20 mg/mmol to diagnose CKD was calculated at 96.80% (95% CI 95.37% to 98.21%). Additionally, there was increased predictive probability of the second urine ACR being abnormal at higher values of the first urine ACR (2 to 20 mg/mmol). The data were further analyzed to exclude test results with a new or changed prescription of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin II receptor blocker medications around the time of the first urine ACR test to focus results on screening and not treatment response. With these exclusions, the PPV for first urine ACR between 2 and 20 mg/mmol to diagnose CKD was calculated as 96.23% (95% CI 94.13% to 98.32%). CONCLUSION: The first random abnormal urine ACR has a good PPV for the diagnosis of CKD in patients with type 2 diabetes, so multiple random urine ACR tests might not be necessary to diagnose patients with type 2 diabetes as having persistent microalbuminuria and CKD. A simpler diagnostic model for diagnosing renal disease might improve patient compliance, efficiency of testing, and implementation of health interventions. Reduced testing would also be expected to result in reduced cost from a health care expenditure perspective.
Screening for chronic kidney disease in Australia: a pilot study in the community and workplace.; The pilot program Kidney Evaluation for You (KEY) was conducted in Australia to screen for chronic kidney disease (CKD). Targeting people at high risk (those with diabetes, hypertension, a first-degree relative with kidney failure, or age >50 years), KEY aimed to establish community-based screening protocols, assess efficacy in promoting changes in risk-factor management, and explore participant CKD awareness. KEY offered free cardiovascular and kidney checks using point-of-care testing for on-site pathology measurements (estimated glomerular filtration rate, hemoglobin A1c, cholesterol, hemoglobin, albuminuria), lifestyle assessment, and exit interviews. Participants were telephoned at 3 months to ascertain whether KEY advice had been followed. Community and health professional support was strong; 99% of participants rated involvement as beneficial. Of 402 high-risk individuals recruited, findings were suggestive of CKD in 20.4%. Of these, 69% had hypertension, 30% diabetes, and 40% elevated total cholesterol. All participants with CKD stage 3b or higher were aged >61 years. Overall, 58% of participants were referred to their primary care providers for further action; of these, 82% saw their doctors in the next 3 months and 94% discussed KEY results. Follow-up telephone contact was successful for 82% of participants. A change in management occurred for 67%. Thus, the KEY approach to early detection of CKD and selected referral of participants was largely successful.
Epidemiological study of chronic kidney disease progression: a large-scale population-based cohort study.; The prognostic information about CKD progression, particularly for GFR categories 1 and 2, is still limited. This cohort was therefore conducted to determine the CKD progression using a competing risk approach. We conducted a retrospective cohort study linking community health screening with hospitals and death registry data in a province of Thailand, from 1997 to 2011. A competing risk model was applied by treating death as a competing risk factor to estimate 2-, 5-, and 10-year probability of kidney failure and median time for CKD progression from lower to higher GFR category. There were 17,074 non-diabetic and 15,032 diabetic CKD subjects. Diabetic subjects progressed more rapidly through GFR categories with the median times for CKD progression from GFR categories G1 to G2, G2 to G3a, G3a to G3b, G3b to G4, and G4 to G5 of 4.4, 6.1, 4.9, 6.3, and 9.0 years, respectively. Non-diabetic subjects took longer to progress with the corresponding median time of 9.4, 14.0, 11.0, 13.8, and >14.3 years. After adjusting for confounders, diabetic subjects were 49% (cause-specific hazard ratio ((c)HR) = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.37, 1.62) more likely to develop kidney failure than non-diabetic subjects. Albuminuria categories A3 and A2 were, respectively, 3.40 (95% CI: 3.07, 3.76) and 1.71 (95% CI: 1.53, 1.92) higher risk of kidney failure when compared to A1. For each albumin category, death rate increased as albuminuria increased particularly in diabetic subjects, which was approximately 2 times higher in A3 compared to A1. Considering GFR category, it gradually increased from G1 to G4 and sharply increased from G4 to G5 in both non-diabetic and diabetic subjects. This study has quantified CKD progression in an Asian population within ordinary practice. Diabetic subjects progress through GFR and albuminuria categories and reach kidney failure about twice as rapidly as non-diabetic subjects.
Albumin to creatinine ratio: a screening test with limitations.; The aim of this study is to assess the effects of age on (1) the ability of a spot albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) to accurately predict 24-hour albumin excretion rate (AER), and (2) the performance of spot ACR as a screening test for microalbuminuria. Three hundred fourteen patients with diabetes aged 18 to 84 years attending a tertiary outpatient clinic underwent one 24-hour urine collection and, immediately after completion, provided one fasting spot morning urine sample. Twenty-four-hour AER and spot ACR were determined. Performance of spot ACR was assessed according to age and sex. Fifty-three percent of men and 32% of women had an AER of 20 microg/min or greater. Multiple regression analysis showed age was an independent predictor of spot ACR. For an AER of 20 microg/min for patients in the age range of 40 to 80 years, there was an increase in corresponding values for spot ACR from 18.2 mg/g (95% confidence interval [CI], 15.6 to 21.3) to 32.5 mg/g (95% CI, 27.5 to 38.4) in men and from 22.1 mg/g (95% CI, 18.0 to 27.1) to 56.4 mg/g (95% CI, 47.2 to 67.4) in women. Using ACR cutoff values of 22.1 mg/g or greater and 30.9 mg/g or greater in conventional units (equivalent to > or =2.5 and > or =3.5 mg/mmol in SI units) in men and women, the spot ACR provided high sensitivities (men, 95.7%; women, 93.35%) and had excellent receiver operator characteristic curves, respectively. However, the spot ACR false-positive rate increased with age from 15.9% (age, 40 to 65 years) to 31.8% (>65 years) in men and from 10.5% (age, 45 to 65 years) to 28.3% (>65 years) in women. Spot ACR is a good screening test for microalbuminuria, but a poor predictor of quantitative AER, and should not be used as a diagnostic test. The increase in spot ACR relative to 24-hour AER with age supports the use of sex- and age-adjusted ACR cutoff values.
Determinants and burden of chronic kidney disease in a high-risk population in Korea: results from a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and associated risk factors in a high-risk population in Korea. METHODS: A total of 6,045 participants aged ≥ 65 years (mean age, 73.0 ± 5.5) with diabetes or hypertension were enrolled. Participants were screened for CKD, which was defined as the presence of albuminuria (urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio ≥ 30 mg/g) or an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). RESULTS: The prevalence of CKD was 39.6% (women, 40.3%; men, 38.4%). Albuminuria was detected in 22.6% of participants, whereas eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) was found in 24.6% of participants. The prevalence of CKD by stage was 4.4% for stage 1, 10.4% for stage 2, 23.4% for stage 3, 0.9% for stage 4, and 0.3% for stage 5. Older age, concomitant diabetes and hypertension, higher body mass index, higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and higher hemoglobin A1c levels were independently associated with the presence of CKD in multivariate-adjusted analyses that included with age, sex, body mass index, hypertension, diabetes, and smoking. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of CKD was very high in the present high-risk Korean population. Our results suggest that a screening method for early detection of CKD in high-risk populations is needed in Korea.
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease in US adults with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in people with diagnosed diabetes is known to be high, but little is known about the prevalence of CKD in those with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. We aimed to estimate and compare the community prevalence of CKD among people with diagnosed diabetes, undiagnosed diabetes, prediabetes, or no diabetes. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: The 1999 through 2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey is a representative survey of the civilian, noninstitutionalized US population. Participants who were aged > or =20 years; responded to the diabetes questionnaire; and had fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum creatinine, and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio measurements were included (N = 8188). Diabetes status was defined as follows: Diagnosed diabetes, self-reported provider diagnosis (n = 826); undiagnosed diabetes, FPG > or =126 mg/dl without self-reported diagnosis (n = 299); prediabetes, FPG > or =100 and <126 mg/dl (n = 2272); and no diabetes, FPG <100 mg/dl (n = 4791). Prevalence of CKD was defined by estimated GFR 15 to 59 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) or albumin-creatinine ratio > or =30 mg/g; adjustment was performed with multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: Fully 39.6% of people with diagnosed and 41.7% with undiagnosed diabetes had CKD; 17.7% with prediabetes and 10.6% without diabetes had CKD. Age-, gender-, and race/ethnicity-adjusted prevalence of CKD was 32.9, 24.2, 17.1, and 11.8%, for diagnosed, undiagnosed, pre-, and no diabetes, respectively. Among those with CKD, 39.1% had undiagnosed or prediabetes. CONCLUSIONS: CKD prevalence is high among people with undiagnosed diabetes and prediabetes. These individuals might benefit from interventions aimed at preventing development and/or progression of both CKD and diabetes.
Can immature granulocytes and neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio be biomarkers to evaluate diabetic nephropathy?: A cross-sectional study.; AIMS: We aimed to examine the role of circulating immature granulocytes (IGs) in assessing Diabetic Nephropathy (DN) mainly and also associations of other leukocyte parameters with DN. METHODS: In this retrospective cross-sectional study, a total of 164 Diabetes Mellitus patients were grouped as normoalbuminuric and microalbuminuric according to urinary albumin excretion in the course of admission. Neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), IG count (IG#) and IG percentage (IG%) levels were compared between the groups. The value of IG# and IG% levels in detecting microalbuminuria was analyzed with the Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. RESULTS: NLR was remarkably higher in the microalbuminuric group (p = 0.036). Correlation results in the microalbuminuric group were as follows: A feeble positive correlation between neutrophil count (NEU#) and serum creatinine and albumin-to- creatinine ratio (ACR) (p = 0.036, r = 0.261; p = 0.005, r = 0.347, respectively), a feeble positive correlation between lymphocyte count (LYM#) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (p = 0.021, r = 0.285). Correlation results in the normooalbuminuric group were as follows: A feeble positive correlation between NEU# and ACR (p = 0.043, r = 0.204), a feeble negative correlation between LYM# and serum creatinine (p = 0.042, r = -0.205), a poor positive correlation between IG# and ACR and HBA1C% (p = 0.048, r = 0.199; p = 0.004, r = 0.290, respectively), a positive poor correlation between IG% and HBA1C% (p = 0.019, r = 0.235). Area under the ROC curve values for IG# and IG% were not statistically noteworthy in detecting microalbuminuria (p = 0.430; p = 0.510, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: IG# and IG% values are insufficient to predict immediate microalbuminuria, but could be considered a weak biomarker for renal damage in normoalbuminuric (<30 mg/g) diabetic patients. Further researches are needed for the use of leukocyte parameters in evaluating DN.
Should screening of renal markers be recommended in a working population?; INTRODUCTION: It is debated whether the general population should be screened for kidney disease. This study evaluated whether screening of albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in a working population should be recommended to detect subjects with chronic kidney disease. METHODS: The unreferred renal insufficiency study is a cross-sectional study in 1,398 workers aged 17-65. Markers of cardiovascular and renal disease were measured. Cardiovascular risk (CVR) was defined by hypertension (n = 416), diabetes (n = 45), dyslipidemia (n = 159) and/or history of a cardiovascular event (n = 10). RESULTS: In our population, 5 % of the workers had microalbuminuria, 0.5 % had macroalbuminuria and <0.1 % had eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). All workers with an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) and/or macroalbuminuria (8/8) had at least one CVR factor, whereas this was the case in only half of workers with microalbuminuria (36/73, p = 0.007). In workers without CVR factors, the presence of microalbuminuria was associated with low body mass index (BMI, p < 0.001) or physiochemical exposure risk (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Screening of renal markers in a working population, identified only a few subjects with an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) or macroalbuminuria. Although microalbuminuria was more prevalent, it might not necessarily indicate kidney disease, as it may have a completely different meanings depending of the phenotype of the screened subjects. Besides underlying CVR factors, microalbuminuria was also associated with low BMI in absence of any risk factor, suggesting presence of benign postural proteinuria. In addition, microalbuminuria also seemed to be related to physicochemical exposure. In view of the impossibility to further analyze this finding in the present study, the meaning of this observation needs to be further investigated.
Renal hyperfiltration and the development of microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine prospectively whether renal hyperfiltration is associated with the development of microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes, after taking into account known risk factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study group comprised 426 participants with normoalbuminuria from the First Joslin Kidney Study, followed for 15 years. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by serum cystatin C, and hyperfiltration was defined as exceeding the 97.5th percentile of the sex-specific distribution of a similarly aged, nondiabetic population (134 and 149 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) for men and women, respectively). The outcome was time to microalbuminuria development (multiple albumin excretion rate >30 microg/min). Hazard ratios (HRs) for microalbuminuria were calculated at 5, 10, and 15 years. RESULTS: Renal hyperfiltration was present in 24% of the study group and did not increase the risk of developing microalbuminuria. The unadjusted HR for microalbuminuria comparing those with and without hyperfiltration at baseline was 0.8 (95% CI 0.4-1.7) during the first 5 years, 1.0 (0.6-1.7) during the first 10 years, and 0.8 (0.5-1.4) during 15 years of follow-up. The model adjusted for baseline known risk factors including A1C, age at diagnosis of diabetes, diabetes duration, and cigarette smoking resulted in similar HRs. In addition, incorporating changes in hyperfiltration status during follow-up had minimal impact on the HRs for microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Renal hyperfiltration does not have an impact on the development of microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes during 5, 10, or 15 years of follow-up.
Deterioration of diabetic nephropathy via stimulating secretion of cytokines by atrial natriuretic peptide.; BACKGROUND: Atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) is a cardiovascular and metabolic hormone that has been identified recently as being associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) without diabetes. Cytokines such as interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and adiponectin (ADP) contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). The aim here was to investigate the relationships of ANP with cytokine levels and clinical variables in T2DM nephropathy patients. METHODS: A total of 81 participants with T2DM were recruited, including 37 patients with normoalbuminuria, 23 patients with microalbuminuria and 21 patients with macroalbuminuria. Serum concentrations of ANP and cytokines were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kits. The correlations between ANP and clinical variables were analyzed. Multiple linear regression and logistic regression models were constructed to test the associations between ANP and the severity and presence of albuminuria. RESULTS: The macroalbuminuria patients exhibited higher plasma levels of ANP, TNF-α, IL-6, and ADP; higher serum creatinine (Cr) and blood urea nitrogen (BUN); and longer duration of diabetes mellitus (DM) than the patients with normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria. Plasma ANP level was significantly associated with TNF-α (r = 0.876, p < 0.001), IL-6 (r = 0.816, p < 0.001) and ADP (r = 0.772, p < 0.001), independent of the duration of DM or the BUN concentration. CONCLUSION: ANP is higher in type 2 diabetes mellitus nephropathy subjects, especially those who have macroalbuminuria, which is associated with compensatory responses to inflammation.
Development of the simulation-based German albuminuria screening model (S-GASM) for estimating the cost-effectiveness of albuminuria screening in Germany.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease is often asymptomatic in its early stages but constitutes a severe burden for patients and causes major healthcare systems costs worldwide. While models for assessing the cost-effectiveness of screening were proposed in the past, they often presented only a limited view. This study aimed to develop a simulation-based German Albuminuria Screening Model (S-GASM) and present some initial applications. METHODS: The model consists of an individual-based simulation of disease progression, considering age, gender, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, diabetes, albuminuria, glomerular filtration rate, and quality of life, furthermore, costs of testing, therapy, and renal replacement therapy with parameters based on published evidence. Selected screening scenarios were compared in a cost-effectiveness analysis. RESULTS: Compared to no testing, a simulation of 10 million individuals with a current age distribution of the adult German population and a follow-up until death or the age of 90 shows that a testing of all individuals with diabetes every two years leads to a reduction of the lifetime prevalence of renal replacement therapy from 2.5% to 2.3%. The undiscounted costs of this intervention would be 1164.10 € / QALY (quality-adjusted life year). Considering saved costs for renal replacement therapy, the overall undiscounted costs would be-12581.95 € / QALY. Testing all individuals with diabetes or hypertension and screening the general population reduced the lifetime prevalence even further (to 2.2% and 1.8%, respectively). Both scenarios were cost-saving (undiscounted, - 7127.10 €/QALY and-5439.23 €/QALY). CONCLUSIONS: The S-GASM can be used for the comparison of various albuminuria testing strategies. The exemplary analysis demonstrates cost savings through albuminuria testing for individuals with diabetes, diabetes or hypertension, and for population-wide screening.
Midkine: Utility as a Predictor of Early Diabetic Nephropathy in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the role of serum midkine (MK) as a biomarker for early detection of diabetic nephropathy in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) before microalbuminuria emerges. METHODS: A total of 120 children with T1DM, comprising 60 microalbuminuric patients (Group 1), 60 normoalbuminuric patients (Group 2), and 60 healthy participants as a control group (Group 3) were included. Detailed medical history, clinical examination, and laboratory assessment of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), hemoglobin A1c percentage (HbA1c%), lipid profile, urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR), serum MK and estimated glomerular filtration rate based on serum creatinine were performed in all participants. RESULTS: Both Group 1 and Group 2 had significantly higher serum MK compared to controls (p<0.001). Additionally, significantly higher MK concentrations were present in Group 1 compared with Group 2 (p<0.001). Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the MK concentration cutoff value of 1512 pg/mL was able to predict microalbuminuria with a sensitivity of 96% and specificity of 92%. Stepwise regression analysis revealed that HbA1c%, hs-CRP, and ACR were independently related to MK levels (p<0.001 for each). CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest that serum MK is a useful, novel, practical marker for the evaluation of renal involvement in children with T1DM, especially in normoalbuminuric children.
Microalbuminuria: a marker to increased renal and cardiovascular risk in diabetes mellitus.; The presence of persistent microalbuminuria in IDDM is strongly predictive of the future development of end stage renal failure and of cardiovascular disease to a lesser extent. Screening for microalbuminuria is an essential component of modern diabetes practice, as effective antihypertensive therapy, and particularly, the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors is of proven benefit in retarding progression of renal disease. Cost benefit analysis justifies the expense of microalbuminuria screening programmes and early intervention. It has been estimated that the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in microalbuminuric IDDM will save 5200 Pounds-11,000 Pounds per year of life saved. Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are not free of side-effects, and it is therefore essential, given the intrinsic variability of the albumin excretion rate, and the regression to normoalbuminuria of a significant proportion of patients, to confirm the diagnosis of microalbuminuria by repeated measurements prior to the commencement of treatment. The value of intensive glycaemic control is unproven, and further prospective studies are required. There are no proven therapies for the prevention of macrovascular disease in IDDM, although the value of cessation of smoking and aggressive blood pressure control are undoubted in the non-diabetic population. Controversy persists about the value of lipid lowering therapy, especially in young patients, although even in this group there is an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Microalbuminuria is the strongest known predictor of cardiovascular disease in NIDDM; in contrast to the situation in the non-diabetic population, active lipid lowering therapy is not of proven cardiac benefit, but intervention seems justifiable when taken in the context of the very high prevalence of cardiovascular disease. Microalbuminuria is also predictive of end stage renal disease in NIDDM. Although intervention with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors has not been proven to prevent end stage renal disease, stabilisation of albumin excretion rate and creatinine clearance have been demonstrated in normotensive NIDDM, and it seems likely that longer term follow-up studies will confirm the benefit of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in the prevention of end-stage renal disease. The observed predictive power of microalbuminuria as regards both cardiac and renal risk in NIDDM when considered in conjunction with the preliminary results of the benefits of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition lend further support to the employment of microalbuminuria screening in NIDDM.
Diabetic nephropathy in a sibling and albuminuria predict early GFR decline: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy is a growing clinical problem, and the cause for >40% of incident ESRD cases. Unfortunately, few modifiable risk factors are known. The objective is to examine if albuminuria and history of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in a sibling are associated with early DN progression or mortality. METHODS: In this longitudinal study of adults >18 yrs with diabetes monitored for up to 9 yrs (mean 4.6 ± 1.7 yrs), 435 subjects at high risk (DN family history) and 400 at low risk (diabetes >10 yrs, normoalbuminuria, no DN family history) for DN progression were evaluated for rate of eGFR change using the linear mixed effects model and progression to ESRD. All-cause mortality was evaluated by Kaplan-Meier analyses while controlling for baseline covariates in a Cox proportional hazards model. Covariates included baseline eGFR, age, gender, race, diabetes duration, blood pressure, hemoglobin A1c and urine albumin:creatinine ratio. Propensity score matching was used to identify high and low risk group pairs with balanced covariates. Sensitivity analyses were employed to test for residual confounding. RESULTS: Mean baseline eGFR was 74 ml/min/1.73 m2 (86% of cohort >60 ml/min/1.73 m2). Thirty high risk and no low risk subjects developed ESRD. eGFR decline was significantly greater in high compared to low risk subjects. After controlling for confounders, change in eGFR remained significantly different between groups, suggesting that DN family history independently regulates GFR progression. Mortality was also significantly greater in high versus low risk subjects, but after controlling for baseline covariates, no significant difference was observed between groups, indicating that factors other than DN family history more strongly affect mortality. Analyses of the matched pairs confirmed change in eGFR and mortality findings. Sensitivity analyses demonstrated that the eGFR results were not due to residual confounding by unmeasured covariates of a moderate effect size in the propensity matching. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic subjects with albuminuria and family history of DN are vulnerable for early GFR decline, whereas subjects with diabetes for longer than 10 years, normoalbuminuria and negative family history, experience slower eGFR decline, and are extremely unlikely to require dialysis. Although we would not recommend that patients with low risk characteristics be neglected, scarce resources would be more sensibly devoted to vulnerable patients, such as the high risk cases in our study, and preferably prior to the onset of albuminuria or GFR decline.
Albuminuria and reduced glomerular filtration rate for predicting the renal outcomes in type 2 diabetic patients.; AIM: The first clinical manifestation of diabetic kidney disease is usually the development of microalbuminuria. However, recent studies have focused on diabetic patients with reduced glomerular filtration rate (GFR) without albuminuria. To evaluate the association of albuminuria and GFR with renal outcomes, we performed an observational study. METHODS: A total of 3231 type 2 diabetic patients were included in this study between 2003 and 2005. There were 1249 women and the mean age was 59 ± 12 years. The renal endpoints were defined as the initiation of renal replacement therapy (RRT) or 50% reduction from the baseline of estimated GFR (eGFR). RESULTS: At baseline, 669 (20.7%) patients had eGFR <60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) and 1134 (35.1%) had albuminuria. During the mean follow-up period of 5.9 ± 1.6 years, 107 patients initiated RRT. A 50% reduction of eGFR from the baseline value was found in 279 patients. None of the normoalbuminuric subjects with or without reduced eGFR required RRT during the observational period (P < 0.01). Compared to normoalbuminuria patients with eGFR ≥60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) at baseline, the group of normoalbuminuria patients with reduced eGFR had a 2.5-fold risk of developing the renal endpoints, (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.0-6.3, P = 0.053). Patients with microalbuminuria with eGFR ≥60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) at baseline had a 5.0-fold risk of developing the evaluated renal endpoints (95% CI: 2.8-8.8, P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Albuminuria was a significant predictor for the evaluated renal endpoints, but the impact of eGFR is likely to be less than that of albuminuria.
Soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 is associated with progressive diabetic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Chronic low-grade inflammation is considered one of the major mechanisms for the progression of diabetic kidney disease. We investigated the prognostic value of circulating soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (sTNFR2) for early nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 364 patients with type 2 diabetes and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≥30 mL/min/1.73m2 were followed up for a median of 4 years. Renal outcomes were defined as a composite of either or both a >30% decline in the eGFR and/or albuminuria stage progression determined with consecutive tests. RESULTS: Seventy-three patients developed renal composite events. Serum concentrations of sTNFR2 were strongly associated with the risk of renal function decline and progressive changes in albuminuria. Through a receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, a serum sTNFR2 level of 1.608 ng/mL was adopted as the discriminator value for predicting renal outcomes (area under the curve 0.63, 95% confidence interval 0.57-0.70, p < 0.001), yielding a sensitivity of 75.3% and a specificity of 51.2%. The association of sTNFR2 levels ≥1.608 ng/mL to renal outcomes was significant after adjusting for relevant variables (hazard ratio 2.27, 95% confidence interval 1.23-4.20, p = 0.009) and remained consistent across subgroups stratified by age, sex, systolic blood pressure, eGFR, albuminuria, and the use of renin-angiotensin system blockers. CONCLUSIONS: Higher circulating levels of sTNFR2 are independently associated with an eGFR decline and progressive albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Predictors of chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes: A longitudinal study from the AMD Annals initiative.; The identification of clinical predictors for the development of chronic kidney disease is a critical issue in the management of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.We evaluated 27,029 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m and normoalbuminuria from the database of the Italian Association of Clinical Diabetologists network. Primary outcomes were eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m and normoalbuminuria; albuminuria and eGFR ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m; and eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m and albuminuria. Secondary outcomes were eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m and albuminuria. MEASUREMENTS: eGFR from serum creatinine by chronic kidney disease epidemiology collaboration equation (CKD-EPI), urinary albumin excretion, HbA1c, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), blood pressure, and body mass index.Over a 4-year period, 33.2% of patients (n = 8973) developed chronic kidney disease, 10.3% (n = 2788) showed a decline in eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m, 18.4% (n = 4978) developed albuminuria, and 4.5% (n = 1207) developed both features. Relative risk ratios (RRRs) for age (1.37, P < 0.001 by 5 years), sex (0.77, P < 0.001 for being male), body mass index (1.03, P < 0.001 by 1 kg/m), triglycerides (1.02, P < 0.001 by 10 mg/dL), and LDL-c (0.97, P = 0.004 by 10 mg/dL) were independently related to the onset of eGFR reduction. Age (1.08, P < 0.001 by 5 years), sex (1.36, P < 0.001 for being male), body mass index (1.02, P < 0.001 by 1 kg/m), triglycerides (1.01, P = 0.02 by 10 mg/dL), HDL-c, and LDL-c (0.97, P = 0.008 and 0.99, P = 0.003 by 5 and 10 mg/dL, respectively) were related to the onset of albuminuria. HbA1c and the intensity of antihypertensive treatment showed a weaker association with renal outcome.Reduction in eGFR and albuminuria showed distinct sets of risk factors, suggesting that different mechanisms are involved in the development of these 2 components of diabetic kidney disease.
Urine albumin is a superior predictor of preeclampsia compared to urine plasminogen in type I diabetes patients.; Pregnant women with type I diabetes mellitus (T1DM) are at increased risk of developing preeclampsia (PE). Plasminogen is aberrantly filtrated from plasma into tubular fluid in PE patients and activated to plasmin. Plasmin activates the epithelial sodium channel in the collecting ducts potentially causing impaired sodium excretion, suppression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and hypertension in PE. The objective of the study was to test whether urinary total plasmin(ogen)/creatinine ratio and plasma concentration of aldosterone were better predictors of PE in pregnant women with T1DM compared with urine albumin and haemoglobin A(1C). The design was a longitudinal observational study of 88 pregnant T1DM patients at 2 Danish centers. Spot urine- and blood samples were collected at gestational weeks 12, 20, 28, 32, and 36. U-plasmin(ogen)/creatinine ratio increased during pregnancy. In gestational week 36, the ratio was significantly increased in the T1DM patients developing PE (P < .05). P-aldosterone was significantly increased in gestational week 20 in the group developing PE (P < .05). U-albumin/creatinine ratio was significantly increased and predicted PE at all tested gestational ages. U-albumin/creatinine ratio had a stronger association with the development of PE compared to u-total plasmin(ogen)/creatinine ratio and p-aldosterone. The positive association between u-total plasmin(ogen) and development of PE late in pregnancy is compatible with involvement in PE pathophysiology. The significance of albumin in urine emphasizes the importance of preventing renal complications when planning pregnancy in patients with type I diabetes.
Urine haptoglobin levels predict early renal functional decline in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Diabetic nephropathy is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease. The urinary albumin to creatinine ratio is used as a predictor for the development of nephropathy but it is neither sensitive nor specific. Here we used liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry on urine of eight normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes from the VA Diabetes Trial to identify candidate markers for loss of renal function. Initial verification of seven markers (agrin, haptoglobin, mannan-binding lectin serine protease 2, LAMP-2, angiotensinogen, NGAL, and uromodulin) in the urine of an additional 30 patients showed that haptoglobin was the best predictor of early renal functional decline. We then measured this in the urine of 204 patients with type 2 diabetes who did not yet have significant kidney disease (estimated glomerular filtration rate stage 2 or better and an albumin to creatinine ratio <300 mg/g). In comparing the highest to lowest tertiles, the odds ratio for having early renal function decline was 2.70 (CI: 1.15, 6.32) using the haptoglobin to creatinine ratio compared with 2.50 (CI 1.14, 5.48) using the albumin to creatinine ratio after adjusting for treatment group and use of ACE inhibitors. Addition of the haptoglobin to creatinine ratio to a model using the albumin to creatinine ratio to predict early renal function decline resulted in improved predictive performance. Thus, the haptoglobin to creatinine ratio may be useful to predict patients with type 2 diabetes at risk of nephropathy before the development of macroalbuminuria or reduced glomerular filtration rate.
Exercise excess pressure and exercise-induced albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Exercise-induced albuminuria is common in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in response to maximal exercise, but the response to light-moderate exercise is unclear. Patients with T2DM have abnormal central hemodynamics and greater propensity for exercise hypertension. This study sought to determine the relationship between light-moderate exercise central hemodynamics (including aortic reservoir and excess pressure) and exercise-induced albuminuria. Thirty-nine T2DM (62 ± 9 yr; 49% male) and 39 nondiabetic controls (53 ± 9 yr; 51% male) were examined at rest and during 20 min of light-moderate cycle exercise (30 W; 50 revolutions/min). Albuminuria was assessed by the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) at rest and 30 min postexercise. Hemodynamics recorded included brachial and central blood pressure (BP), aortic stiffness, augmented pressure (AP), aortic reservoir pressure, and excess pressure integral (Pexcess). There was no difference in ACR between groups before exercise (P > 0.05). Exercise induced a significant rise in ACR in T2DM but not controls (1.73 ± 1.43 vs. 0.53 ± 1.0 mg/mol, P = 0.002). All central hemodynamic variables were significantly higher during exercise in T2DM (i.e., Pexcess, systolic BP and AP; P < 0.01 all). In T2DM (but not controls), exercise Pexcess was associated with postexercise ACR (r = 0.51, P = 0.002), and this relationship was independent of age, sex, body mass index, heart rate, aortic stiffness, antihypertensive medication, and ambulatory daytime systolic BP (β = 0.003, P = 0.003). Light-moderate exercise induced a significant rise in ACR in T2DM, and this was independently associated with Pexcess, a potential marker of vascular dysfunction. These novel findings suggest that Pexcess could be important for appropriate renal function in T2DM.
Kidney Function Decline and Apparent Treatment-Resistant Hypertension in the Elderly.; BACKGROUND: Cross-sectional studies show a strong association between chronic kidney disease and apparent treatment-resistant hypertension, but the longitudinal association of the rate of kidney function decline with the risk of resistant hypertension is unknown. METHODS: The population-based Three-City included 8,695 participants older than 65 years, 4265 of them treated for hypertension. We estimated the odds ratios (OR) of new-onset apparent treatment-resistant hypertension, defined as blood pressure ≥ 140/90 mmHg despite use of 3 antihypertensive drug classes or ≥ 4 classes regardless of blood pressure, associated with the mean estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) level and its rate of decline over 4 years, compared with both controlled hypertension and uncontrolled nonresistant hypertension with ≤ 2 drugs. GFR was estimated with three different equations. RESULTS: Baseline prevalence of apparent treatment-resistant hypertension and of controlled and uncontrolled nonresistant hypertension, were 6.5%, 62.3% and 31.2%, respectively. During follow-up, 162 participants developed apparent treatment-resistant hypertension. Mean eGFR decline with the MDRD equation was 1.5±2.9 mL/min/1.73 m² per year: 27.7% of the participants had an eGFR ≥3 and 10.1% ≥ 5 mL/min/1.73 m² per year. After adjusting for age, sex, obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular history, the ORs for new-onset apparent treatment-resistant hypertension associated with a mean eGFR level, per 15 mL/min/1.73 m² drop, were 1.23 [95% confidence interval 0.91-1.64] compared to controlled hypertension and 1.10 [0.83-1.45] compared to uncontrolled nonresistant hypertension; ORs associated with a decline rate ≥ 3 mL/min/1.73 m² per year were 1.89 [1.09-3.29] and 1.99 [1.19-3.35], respectively. Similar results were obtained when we estimated GFR with the CKDEPI and the BIS1 equations. ORs tended to be higher for an eGFR decline rate ≥ 5 mL/min/1.73 m² per year. CONCLUSION: The speed of kidney function decline is associated more strongly than kidney function itself with the risk of apparent treatment-resistant hypertension in the elderly.
Antiproteinuric effect of RAS blockade: new mechanisms.; Experimental and clinical studies have shown that blockade of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is effective in reducing proteinuria in conditions such as diabetes by reducing systemic and intraglomerular hydrostatic pressure. However, increasing evidence suggests that nonhemodynamic effects, such as preservation of the podocyte slit diaphragm structure and function, may also mediate the antiproteinuric effects of RAS blockade. In this review, we analyze in detail the evidence for known and novel mechanisms considered to play important roles in mediating the antiproteinuric effect of RAS blockers, with a particular focus on diabetic nephropathy.
Screening for microalbuminuria to prevent nephropathy in patients with diabetes: a systematic review of the evidence.; OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to evaluate whether screening patients with diabetes for microalbuminuria (MA) is effective according to the criteria developed by Frame and Carlson and those of the US Preventive Services Task Force. STUDY DESIGN: We searched the MEDLINE database (1966-present) and bibliographies of relevant articles. OUTCOMES MEASURED: We evaluated the impact of MA screening using published criteria for periodic health screening tests. The effect of the correlation between repeated tests on the accuracy of a currently recommended testing strategy was analyzed. RESULTS: Quantitative tests have reported sensitivities from 56% to 100% and specificities from 81% to 98%. Semiquantitative tests for MA have reported sensitivities from 51% to 100% and specificities from 21% to 100%. First morning, morning, or random urine sampling appear feasible. Assuming an individual test sensitivity of 90%, a specificity of 90%, and a 10% prevalence of MA, the correlation between tests would have to be lower than 0.1 to achieve a positive predictive value for repeated testing of 75%. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for MA meets only 4 of 6 Frame and Carlson criteria for evaluating screening tests. The recommended strategies to overcome diagnostic uncertainty by using repeated testing are based on expert opinion, are difficult to follow in primary care settings, do not improve diagnostic accuracy sufficiently, and have not been tested in a controlled trial. Although not advocated by the American Diabetes Association, semiquantitative MA screening tests using random urine sampling have acceptable accuracy but may not be reliable in all settings.
Diabetic kidney disease and vascular comorbidities in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a developing country.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with an increased risk of progression toward end-stage renal disease and cardiovascular (CV) risk mortality. To investigate this association, we studied 637 patients with T2DM in the Eastern area of Morocco. The mean follow-up period was 42 ± 11 months. At the baseline visit, 22.8%, 59.1% and 18.1% of the patients had normo-albuminuria, micro-albuminuria and macro-albuminuria, respectively. Of all patients, 51.6% had a history of hypertension and 37.4% had hypertension on admission. At the end of follow-up, rapid progression (estimated glomerular filtration rate >5 mL/min/1.73 m² /year) was observed in 24.1% of the cases and the frequency of occurrence of CV events was 5%, 18.5% and 32.5% in the normo-, micro- and macro-albuminuria groups, respectively (P <0.001). In multivariate analysis, arterial hypertension was identified as an independent risk factor related to diabetic kidney disease (DKD, P = 0.04) and occurrence of CV events (P = 0.02), while albuminuria was not identified as an independent risk factor, either for DKD or for the occurrence of CV events. Our study found that hypertension was an independent risk factor for the DKD and the occurrence of the CV events in T2DM patients.
Albuminuria: what can we expect from the determination of nonimmunoreactive albumin?; Albuminuria is an early marker for diabetic nephropathy in patients with diabetes, and has a clear place in patient care. It also predicts cardiovascular events and mortality in diabetic patients and in the general population, and is slowly becoming accepted in population screening for cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease. Recently, investigators found that a considerable amount of albumin in urine is nonimmunoreactive and that classic immunochemical assays do not properly measure all albumin in urine. Assays that detect immunoreactive plus nonimmunoreactive albumin may better predict development of diabetic nephropathy, cardiovascular events, and mortality than assays that only detect immunoreactive albumin. Proof of the existence of nonimmunoreactive albumin emerged from the finding that albumin contains urine fragments. In this review, we critically appraise the presence and relevance of albumin fragments and nonimmunoreactive albumin molecules in urine, and the potential additive value of albuminuria detected by assays that assess nonimmunoreactive plus immunoreactive albumin over albuminuria detected by classic immunochemical assays in predicting end points.
Association of elevated extracellular HSP72 in albuminuria with systemic inflammation and disease progression in type 2 diabetic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Sub-clinical inflammation in hyperglycemia is tied to the pathogenesis of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Though well known for its immunostimulatory function, the significance of extracellular heat shock protein 72 (eHSP72) in DKD is not well studied. We aimed to determine the association of extracellular HSP72 with systemic inflammation and the progression of DKD, and explore its possible clinical significance in DKD. METHODS: 160 type 2 diabetic individuals were enrolled in the study. Their anthropometric data, routine biochemical parameters, urinary renal function parameters, and blood count parameters were estimated. Plasma from patients' blood samples were used to estimate HSP72 and interleukin 1β (IL-1β) using sandwich immunoassays. RESULTS: Plasma eHSP72 is elevated in DKD. Pairwise comparisons showed the drastic elevation of eHSP72 in the presence of albuminuria. A significant positive relationship was observed between plasma levels of eHSP72 and IL-1β. eHSP72 levels did not statistically differ between micro and macro-albuminuric DKD. However, it was inversely associated with estimated glomerular filtration rate, the index of disease severity, independent of age, gender, diabetes duration and absolute monocyte count. At a cutoff of 0.52 ng/ml, with sensitivity of 64.1 % and specificity of 69.2 %, plasma eHSP72 differentiated the presence of DKD in type 2 diabetics with statistical significance. CONCLUSION: The positive relationship of eHSP72 and IL-1β with worsening DKD likely indicates their participation in immunostimulatory pathways of renal fibrosis. eHSP72 may be closely linked to albuminuria-induced tubular injury and likely contributes to fibrotic changes in the progression of DKD. From our study, we infer the possible clinical significance of eHSP72 as a marker of sub-clinical renal damage in DKD, and the implication of IL-1β-associated mechanisms in DKD progression.
The role of tubulointerstitial markers in differential diagnosis and prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes and biopsy proven diabetic kidney disease.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the potential application of tubularinterstitial biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) from non-diabetic kidney disease (NDKD), as well as investigate key clinical and pathological parameters to help improve the stratification of patients according to end-stage renal disease risk. METHODS: 132 type 2 diabetic patients with chronic kidney disease were enrolled. Patients were categorized into 2 groups according to the renal biopsy results: DKD (n = 61) and NDKD (n = 71).The independent factors of the occurrence of DKD and the diagnostic implications of tubular biomarkers were explored by logistic regression and receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis. Furthermore, predictors were analyzed by least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression, and constructed a new model for predicting the unfavorable renal outcomes through Cox proportional hazard regression analysis. RESULTS: Serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (sNGAL) (OR = 1.007; 95%CI = [1.003, 1.012], p = 0.001) was identified as an independent risk factor for the occurrence of DKD in diabetic patients with CKD. Tubular biomarkers including sNGAL, N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase and β2 microglobulin (β2-MG) could complement albuminuria for DKD detection (AUC = 0.926, specificity = 90.14%, sensitivity = 80.33%).Moreover, among of the 47 variables, 4 predictors such as sNGAL, interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (IFTA)score, β2-MG and estimated glomerular filtration rate were selected to construct a new model for predicting the unfavorable renal outcomes through regression analysis. sNGAL (HR = 1.004; 95%CI = [1.001, 1.007], p = 0.013), IFTA score of 2 (HR = 4.283; 95%CI = [1.086, 16.881], p = 0.038), and IFTA score of 3 (HR = 6.855; 95%CI = [1.766, 26.610], p = 0.005) were considered to be independent risk factors for unfavorable renal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Tubulointerstitial injury in DKD is independently associated with renal function decline and routinely detected tubular biomarkers are able to enhance the level of non-invasive diagnosis of DKD beyond traditional factors.
Microalbuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Implications for renal survival.; Microvascular and macrovascular disease cause considerable mortality and morbidity both among patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and those with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, non-insulin-dependent and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus overlap in their pathogenesis as well as short- and long-term complications. In the diabetic patient, genetic susceptibility as well as other factors, ie, microalbuminuria, hypertension, high protein intake, blood glucose control, etc, ultimately culminate in a diffuse disease process, eg, diabetic vascular and/or renal disease. Early predictors of susceptibility for development of renal disease in diabetic subjects would help focus our treatment strategies. The role of microalbuminuria as a prognostic marker for the major complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus has been previously reviewed. We reviewed the role of microalbuminuria as prognostic marker for progression of diabetic renal disease in subjects with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. We examined treatment strategies to lower microalbuminuria and its associated impact on disease progression.
Urinary protein and albumin excretion corrected by creatinine and specific gravity.; Timed urine collections are difficult to use in clinical practice owing to inaccurate collections making calculations of the 24-h albumin or protein excretion questionable. One of our goals was to assess the 'correction' of urinary albumin and (or) protein excretion by dividing these by either the creatinine concentration or the term, (specific gravity-1)x100(1). The 24-h creatinine excretion can be estimated based on the patients' gender, age and weight. We studied the influence of physiological extremes of hydration and exercise, and protein and creatinine excretion in patients with or suspected kidney disorders. Specimens were collected from healthy volunteers every 4 h during one 24-h period. We assayed the collections individually to give us an assessment of the variability of the analytes with time, and then reassayed them after combining them to give a 24-h urine. For all volunteers, the mean intra-individual CVs based on the 4-h collections expressed in mg/24 h were 80.0% for albumin and 96.5% for total protein (P0.2). The CVs were reduced by dividing the albumin or protein concentration by the creatinine concentration or by the term, (SG-1)x100. This gave a CV for mg albumin/g creatinine of 52% (P<0.1 vs. albumin mg/g creatinine); mg protein/g creatinine of 39% (P<0.05 vs. mg protein/g creatinine); mg albumin/[(SG-1)x100] of 49% (P<0.1 vs. albumin)/[(SG-1)x100]; and mg protein/[(SG-1)x100] of 37% (P<0. 05 vs. mg protein)/[(SG-1)x100]. For the 68 subjects in the study, the strongest correlation was between the creatinine concentrations and the 24-h urine volume: r=0.786, P<0.001. The correlation of (SG-1)x100 vs. the 24-h urine volume was: r=0.606, P<0.001; for (SG-1)x100 and the creatinine concentration, the correlation was: r=0.666, P<0.001. Compared to the volunteers, the albumin and protein excretion in mg/24 h were more variable in the patients. The same was true if the albumin or protein concentrations were divided by the creatinine concentration or by (SG-1)x100. Protein and albumin concentrations were lower in dilute urines. Dividing the albumin or protein concentrations by the creatinine concentration reduced the number of false negative protein and albumin results. Dividing the albumin or protein values in mg/24 h by (SG-1)x100 eliminated fewer false negatives. Albumin concentrations increased significantly after vigorous exercise. The increase was almost eliminated when the albumin result was divided by the creatinine concentration suggesting that a decreased urine flow and not increased glomerular permeability causes an increase of post-exercise albuminuria. The same was true for proteinuria. A dipstick test plus an optical strip reader that can measure urine protein, albumin, and creatinine and calculate the appropriate ratios provides a better screening test for albuminuria or proteinuria than one measuring only albumin or protein.
Albuminuria and glomerular filtration rate in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIM: The aim of this paper was to analyze the relation between glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and albumin excretion rate (AER) in subjects with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Three hundred thirteen type 2 diabetic patients attending Diabetes Centre, Malta, were studied between 2008 and 2009. GFR was estimated using the Modified Diet Renal Disease (MDRD) formula while two spot measurements of urinary AER were used to determine albuminuria. RESULTS: Forty-nine patients were hyperfiltrating, of whom 69% were normoalbuminuric, 24% microalbuminuric, and 6% macroalbuminuric; 229 subjects had normal eGFR; of these 67% were normoalbuminuric, 27% microalbuminuric and 6% macroalbuminuric; 35 subjects had eGFR<60mL/min/1.73 m2, of whom 43% were normoalbuminuric, 37% microalbuminuric and 20% macroalbuminuric. No association was found between eGFR and AER in subjects with hyperfiltration (P=0.39); however eGFR was strongly correlated with AER in subjects with eGFR <60ml/min/1.73 m2 (r= -0.376; P=0.026). In multinomial logistic regression analysis, eGFR was significantly associated with albuminuria in non-hyperfiltrating, but not in hyperfiltrating, subjects. CONCLUSION: Our data suggests that hyperfiltration and albuminuria occur independently of each other in the early stages of DN, but the decline in eGFR and albuminuria follow a parallel course in later stages of DN suggesting that they may share common pathophysiological mechanisms or they may be causally linked.
Circulating hsa-miR-221 as a possible diagnostic and prognostic biomarker of diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN), which is a chronic outcome of diabetes mellitus (DM), usually progresses to end-stage renal disease (ESRD). The DN pathophysiology, nevertheless, is not well-defined. Several miRNAs were reported to be either risk or protective factors in DN. METHODS, AND RESULTS: The present study sought to inspect the potential diagnostic and prognostic value of hsa-miR-221 in DN. The study included 200 participants divided into four groups: Group 1 (50 patients with DN), Group 2 (50 diabetic patients without nephropathy), Group 3 (50 nondiabetic patients with CKD), and Group 4 (50 healthy subjects as a control group). Patients in groups 1 and 3 were further classified based on the presence of macroalbuminuria and microalbuminuria. Hsa-miR-221 expression was measured by RT- qRT-PCR. DN patients had significantly elevated serum hsa-miR-221 levels than the other groups, while diabetic patients without nephropathy exhibited elevated levels compared to both nondiabetic patients with CKD, and the control group. The DN patients with macroalbuminuria revealed significantly higher mean values of hsa-miR-221 relative to the patients with microalbuminuria. Significant positive associations were observed in the DN group between serum hsa-miR-221 and fasting insulin, fasting glucose, HOMA IR, ACR, and BMI. The ROC curve analysis of serum hsa-miR-221 in the initial diagnosis of DN in DM revealed high specificity and sensitivity. CONCLUSIONS: It is concluded that hsa-miR-221 has the potential to be a useful biomarker for prognostic and diagnostic purposes in DN.
Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation pronouncedly underestimates glomerular filtration rate in type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE To evaluate the performance of the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation to estimate glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in type 2 diabetic patients with GFR >60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This was a cross-sectional study including 105 type 2 diabetic patients. GFR was measured by (51)Cr-EDTA method and estimated by the MDRD and CKD-EPI equations. Serum creatinine was measured by the traceable Jaffe method. Bland-Altman plots were used. Bias, accuracy (P30), and precision were evaluated. RESULTS The mean age of patients was 57 ± 8 years; 53 (50%) were men and 90 (86%) were white. Forty-six (44%) patients had microalbuminuria, and 14 (13%) had macroalbuminuria. (51)Cr-EDTA GFR was 103 ± 23, CKD-EPI GFR was 83 ± 15, and MDRD-GFR was 78 ± 17 mL/min/1.73 m² (P < 0.001). Accuracy (95% CI) was 67% (58-74) for CKD-EPI and 64% (56-75) for MDRD. Precision was 21 and 22, respectively. CONCLUSIONS The CKD-EPI and MDRD equations pronouncedly underestimated GFR in type 2 diabetic patients.
The unrecognized prevalence of chronic kidney disease in diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease (CKD) are common and exhibit synergistic associations with premature mortality. Current diabetes guidelines in the UK recommend annual urinary albumin and serum creatinine determinations to screen for diabetic kidney disease. The aim of this study was to estimate the burden of CKD in patients with diabetes and examine the ability of serum creatinine and albuminuria to detect clinically meaningful CKD compared with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). METHODS: All adults known to have diabetes in primary and secondary care in Salford, UK, alive with independent renal function on 1 January 2004 were included in this observational study (n=7596). Demographic and laboratory parameters were obtained from the Electronic Patient Record. eGFR was determined using the 4-variable modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) formula. Clinically meaningful CKD was defined as an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). RESULTS: Creatinine and albuminuria were measured in the preceding 2 years in 82.3 and 55.2% of subjects, respectively. In patients with CKD, normoalbuminuria was present in 48.8%, and serum creatinine was normal (<or=120 micromol/l) in 54.7%. An abnormal serum creatinine (>or=120 micromol/l) had a sensitivity and specificity of 45.3 and 100%, respectively, to identify CKD. The combination of abnormal creatinine and albuminuria had an improved performance but still failed to detect a large number with CKD (sensitivity 82.4%, specificity 75.4%). Serum creatinine failed to identify CKD more often in females (OR 8.22, CI 6.56-10.29). CONCLUSIONS: Undiagnosed CKD is common in diabetes. Current screening strategies, based on creatinine or albuminuria, fail to identify a considerable number of subjects with CKD. Incorporating eGFR into screening for CKD would identify individuals earlier in the natural history of the disease and enable early effective treatment to delay progression of CKD.
Screening, monitoring, and treatment of albuminuria: Public health perspectives.; Microalbuminuria is an early sign of progressive cardiovascular and renal disease in individuals with and without diabetes. Despite compelling data, at present only a minority of patients with diabetes and rarely individuals without diabetes are screened for albuminuria in a systematic way. All of the criteria to implement systematic albuminuria screening are fulfilled in diabetes, and most are nearly fulfilled for microalbuminuria screening in individuals without diabetes. Because of the growing evidence that treatment of microalbuminuria in individuals without diabetes may offer a cost-effective benefit to prevent cardiovascular disease, nephrologists and other health care providers should pay more attention to the early detection and subsequent treatment of individuals with microalbuminuria.
Serum osteoinductive factor is associated with microalbuminuria and diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes.; We investigated the relationship between serum osteoinductive factor (OIF) and diabetic nephropathy (DN), and its potential use as a diagnostic marker for DN.This study included 177 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) with normoalbuminuria, 42 with DN and microalbuminuria, and 49 with DN and macroalbuminuria, as well as 296 controls. Baseline characteristics, microalbuminuria prevalence, macroalbuminuria prevalence, and diabetic complications were compared between OIF quartiles. Serum OIF was examined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Other clinical parameters were measured using standard methods. Correlations between OIF and clinical parameters were assessed using Pearson correlation. Predictive value of OIF for DN was assessed using multivariate logistic regression. Receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curves were used to identify the optimal sensitivity for serum OIF.Univariate analysis showed microalbuminuria prevalence negatively correlated with OIF, 4.3% for quartile 1 (Q1) (>367.5 pg/mL), 13.7% for Q2 (320.3-367.5 pg/mL), 17.9% for Q3 (275.0-320.3 pg/mL), and 28.8% for Q4 (<275.0 pg/mL) (Ptrend < .001), as did T2DM complications. ROC analysis showed an OIF of <343.4 pg/mL was predictive of DN (C statistic 0.702). OIF <343.4 pg/mL remained predictive of microalbuminuria (odds ratio = 11.60; 95% confidence interval: 1.25-107.47) after adjusting for confounding factors.Serum OIF is an independent diagnostic marker of DN.
Relationship between cardiac microvascular dysfunction measured with 82Rubidium-PET and albuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is of one the strongest predictors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in diabetes. Diabetes is associated with cardiac microvascular dysfunction (CMD), a powerful, independent prognostic factor for cardiac mortality. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between CMD and microvascular complications in patients without known CVD. METHODS: In this monocentric study, myocardial flow reserve (MFR) was measured with cardiac (82)Rubidium positron emission tomography (Rb-PET) in 311 patients referred to nuclear medicine department of Bichat University Hospital for screening of coronary artery disease from 2012 to 2014. Patients with hemodynamically relevant stenosis on coronary angiography or myocardial ischemia on Rb-PET were excluded. Among patients with diabetes, MFR values were compared according to the presence of retinopathy and albuminuria. RESULTS: Overall, 175 patients (118 with type 2 diabetes) were included. MFR was significantly lower in patients with diabetes compared with those without diabetes (2.6 ± 1.1 vs. 3.3 ± 1.7; p < 0.005). In patients with diabetes, MFR decreased progressively in relation to albumin urinary excretion (normoalbuminuria: 2.9 ± 1.1, microalbuminuria: 2.3 ± 1.0, macroalbuminuria: 1.8 ± 0.7; p < 0.0001). MFR was not significantly different in patients with vs. without retinopathy (2.4 ± 1.0 vs. 2.7 ± 1.1, p = 0.07). Microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria remained strongly associated with impaired MFR after multiple adjustments [odds ratio 2.6 (95% CI 1.1-8.4) and 5.3 (95% CI 1.2-44.7), respectively]. This association was confirmed when analyses were restricted to patients with low levels of coronary calcifications on computed tomography. CONCLUSIONS: Impaired MFR was more frequent in patients with diabetes and was strongly associated with the degree of albuminuria suggesting that CMD and albuminuria might share common mechanisms.
Prediction of microalbuminuria from proteinuria in chronic kidney disease due to non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases: comparison with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: To suppress increases in kidney failure and cardiovascular disease due to lifestyle-related diseases other than diabetes, early intervention is desirable. We examined whether microalbuminuria could be predicted from proteinuria. METHODS: The participants consisted of adults who exhibited a urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio (uPCR) of < 0.5 g/gCr and an eGFR of ≥ 15 ml/min/1.73 m(2) in their spot urine at their first examination for lifestyle-related disease. Urine was tested three times for each case, with microalbuminuria defined as a urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (uACR) of 30-299 mg/gCr, at least twice on three measurements. Youden's Index was used as an index of the cut-off value (CO) according to the ROC curve. RESULTS: A single uPCR was useful for differentiating normoalbuminuria and micro- and macroalbuminuria in patients with non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases. Regarding the GFR categories, the CO of the second uPCR was 0.09 g/gCr (AUC 0.89, sensitivity 0.76, specificity 0.89) in G1-4 (n = 197) and 0.07 g/gCr (AUC 0.92, sensitivity 0.85, specificity 0.88) in G1-3a (n = 125). Using the sum of two or three uPCR measurements was more useful than a single uPCR for differentiating microalbuminuria in non-diabetic lifestyle disease [CO, 0.16 g/gCr (AUC 0.91, sensitivity 0.85, specificity 0.87) and 0.23 g/gCr (AUC 0.92, sensitivity 0.88, specificity 0.84), respectively]. CONCLUSION: Microalbuminuria in Japanese individuals with non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases can be predicted from the uPCR, wherein the CO of the uPCR that differentiates normoalbuminuria and micro- and macroalbuminuria was 0.07 g/gCr for G1-3a, while that in G3b-4 was 0.09 g/gCr.
Occurrence of microalbuminuria among children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria precedes the onset of diabetic nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pediatric patients. Its prevention is among the most important challenges in managing IDDM. We attempted to determine the occurrence of microalbuminuria among IDDM Saudi children and adolescents and its associated risk factors. This is a retrospective cross-sectional study conducted on 409 IDDM children and adolescents attending the pediatric clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from 2006 to 2010. Their ages ranged from 1 to 18 years and the mean ± standard deviation (mean ± SD) was 12.3 ± 4.1 years. Twenty-four-hour urinary albumin excretion (on two separate occasions or more, 3 - 6 months apart each), HbA1c, duration of IDDM, Tanner staging and body mass index (BMI) were reviewed. Prevalence of microalbuminuria in our cohort was 11.3%. IDDM duration was ≥2 years in 55.8% of our patients; of them, 15.6% had microalbuminuria while 45.2% had IDDM duration <2 years (6% had microalbuminuria) (P <0.01). The prevalence of microalbuminuria was higher among the post-pubertal subjects (50%) than that among the pre-pubertal (8.7%) and pubertal (41.5%) subjects. Furthermore, microalbuminuria was present in 16.7% of those with elevated blood pressure, but only in 8.5% among those with normal blood pressure (P <0.05). The enrolled overweight and obese subjects showed a higher prevalence of microalbuminuria (14%) when compared with that among those with a normal BMI (6.6%) (P <0.05). In our cohort, duration of IDDM, pubertal status, hypertension and BMI affected the prevalence of microalbuminuria. Annual screening for microalbuminuria in IDDM children and adolescents is imperative.
Correlation between ankle-brachial index and microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Microalbuminuria is a reliable marker of diabetic nephropathy. Establishment of peripheral vascular complications leads to early diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of renal and cardiovascular complications. This study investigated the value of ankle-brachial index (ABI) for prediction of microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetic patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Measurement of ABI with color Doppler ultrasonography was carried out for 206 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. An ABI Index less than 0.9 was defined as a predictive marker for atherosclerosis. Microalbuminuria and risk factors of atherosclerosis were compared between the patients categorized based on the ABI values. RESULTS: The mean ABI was 1.1 ± 0.2 (range, 0.052 to 1.6), and 41 (20%) had an abnormal ABI (< 0.9). The correlations were significant between abnormal ABI and duration of disease (P = .04), cardiovascular event and cardiac care unit admission (P = .001), hypertension (P = .01), and dyslipidemia (P = .01). There was a significant correlation between ABI and microalbuminuria (odds ratio, 0.05; 95% confidence interval, 0.038 to 0.630; P < .001). A cutoff point of an ABI less than or equal to 1.04 had a sensitivity of 71.6% and a specificity of 64.2% for prediction of microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: The ABI is a noninvasive and reliable assay for detection of peripheral and cardiovascular complications, and also early stage of nephropathy in diabetic patients. In patients with an abnormal ABI, long-term follow-up for earlier detection and prevention of complications is helpful.
Detecting microalbuminuria and taking action in the cardiometabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria is an early indicator of cardiac and renal vascular endothelial damage in individuals with diabetes mellitus, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and the CardioMetabolic Syndrome. This simple, inexpensive dipstick screening test is not only associated with an increased risk of progressive renal insufficiency but also with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and events. Regular screening for microalbuminuria will allow for early detection and intervention to prevent renal and vascular complications of these disease states.
Microalbuminuria: pathogenesis, prognosis and management.; The development in recent years of sensitive assays specific for albumin has facilitated extensive investigation of the pathophysiology and clinical significance of microalbuminuria. It is now clear that the appearance of microalbuminuria represents a crucial event in the natural histories of diabetes mellitus and essential hypertension. It reflects the presence of generalized vascular damage and is strongly predictive of subsequent renal failure, cardiovascular morbidity, and death. Therapeutic interventions, including strict diabetic and blood-pressure control, can reduce microalbuminuria and improve the overall prognosis. The detection and treatment of microalbuminuria in these high-risk groups should now form an integral part of their management. Large-scale screening programmes are also recommended for insulin-dependent diabetics.
Methodologic issues in the measurement of urinary renin.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Alge et al. recently reported that urinary renin may be a prognostic biomarker for AKI after cardiac surgery. However, their urinary renin levels far exceeded published plasma renin levels, whereas normally, urinary renin is <10% of plasma renin. This result raises questions about the specificity of the new Quantikine Renin ELISA Kit used in the work by Alge et al., which is claimed to detect total renin (i.e., renin and prorenin). Therefore, this study tested this assay. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Plasma and urine from 30 patients with hypertension, diabetes, or preeclampsia and 10 healthy pregnant women (randomly selected from sample sets obtained earlier to investigate urinary renin-angiotensin system components) were used to compare the ELISA with a validated renin immunoradiometric assay and an in-house enzyme kinetic assay. Measurements were performed before and after in vitro prorenin activation, representing renin and total renin, respectively. RESULTS: Total renin measurements by ELISA, immunoradiometric assay, and enzyme kinetic assay were highly correlated. However, ELISA results were consistently ≥10-fold higher. The ELISA standard yielded low to undetectable levels in the immunoradiometric assay and enzyme kinetic assay, except after prorenin activation, when the results were ≥10-fold lower than the ELISA results. In plasma, prorenin activation increased ELISA results by 10%-15%. Urine contained no detectable prorenin. CONCLUSIONS: The ELISA renin kit standard is prorenin, and its immunoreactivity and enzymatic activity after conversion to renin do not match the International Reference Preparation of human renin that has been used to validate previous immunoradiometric assays and enzyme kinetic assays; in fact, they are at least 10-fold lower, and thus, any measurements obtained with this ELISA kit yield levels that are at least 10-fold too high. The ELISA antibodies detect both renin and prorenin, with a preference for the former. Given these inconsistencies, urinary renin levels should be measured by established renin assays.
High prevalence of chronic kidney disease in Finnish patients with type 2 diabetes treated in primary care.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and related cardiovascular morbidity in a cross-sectional population in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) treated in a primary care setting in Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were collected and recorded from 42 primary care centres, which recruited 629 patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2D) to this non-interventional study. Data including patient characteristics, kidney function and albuminuria, blood pressure, HbA1c, lipid and lipoprotein levels, and diabetes duration as well as current medication was collected in each patient. RESULTS: In the final study population of 625 patients, the mean age was 67 years (range 29-92 years), BMI 32.8 kg/m(2) (95% CI 32-33), blood pressure 142/80 mmHg (140-143/80-81) and HbA1c 7.1% (7.0-7.2) (53.8 mmol/mol, 53-55) and the median duration of diabetes was 9.2 years ranging from newly diagnosed to 43 years. History of dyslipidemia had in 73.3% of patients, 27.8% had cardiovascular disease and 82.7% had hypertension. The primary endpoint, prevalence of CKD of any grade (1-5) or albuminuria, was 68.6%. Regarding declined renal function, 16.2% of patients had an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 ml/min/1.72 m(2), classifying as CKD 3-5. Only one patient was within CKD5. Regarding renal damage, albuminuria was present in 24.3% of patients, with microalbuminuria in 17.1% and macroalbuminuria in 7.2%, respectively. Combining the patients with CKD 3-5 and/or the presence of albuminuria, 34.7% seemed to suffer from significant CKD. The proportion of patients with albuminuria increased with a decrease in glomerular filtration rate. Historically, diabetic nephropathy had been diagnosed in 24.3% of the patients. CONCLUSIONS: Nearly 70% of patients with T2D treated in primary care in Finland have some sign of CKD and nearly half of all T2D patients have a significant CKD. However, only half of the latter had it diagnosed and documented in their patient charts, thus highlighting the importance of performing routine screening of nephropathy by measuring both albuminuria and eGFR in patients with T2D. Prevention of this complication with active therapy for risk factors, such as hypertension and dyslipidemia is warranted.
Plasma endostatin predicts kidney outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Novel biomarkers are needed to predict kidney function decline in patients with type 2 diabetes, especially those with preserved glomerular filtration rate (GFR). There are limited data on the association of markers of endothelial dysfunction with longitudinal GFR decline. We used banked specimens from a nested case-control study in the Action to Control Cardiovascular Disease (ACCORD) trial (n=187 cases: 187 controls) and from a diverse contemporary cohort of type 2 diabetic patients from the Mount Sinai BioMe Biobank (n=871) to assess the association of plasma endostatin and kidney outcomes. We measured plasma endostatin at enrollment and examined its association with a composite kidney outcome of sustained 40% decline in estimated GFR or end-stage renal disease. Baseline plasma endostatin levels were higher in participants with the composite outcome. Each log(2) increment in plasma endostatin was associated with approximately 2.5-fold higher risk of the kidney outcome (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 2.5; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.5-4.3 in ACCORD and adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 2.6; 95% CI 1.8-3.8 in BioMe). Participants in the highest vs. lowest quartile of plasma endostatin had approximately four-fold higher risk for the kidney outcome (adjusted OR 3.6; 95% CI 1.8-7.3 in ACCORD and adjusted HR 4.4; 95% CI 2.3-8.5 in BioMe). The AUC for the kidney outcome improved from 0.74 to 0.77 in BioMe with the addition of endostatin to a base clinical model. Plasma endostatin was strongly associated with kidney outcomes in type 2 diabetics with preserved eGFR and improved risk discrimination over traditional predictors.
Post-Discharge Worsening Renal Function in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Recent Acute Coronary Syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Worsening renal function during hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome is strongly predictive of in-hospital and long-term outcome. However, the role of post-discharge worsening renal function has never been investigated in this setting. METHODS: We considered the placebo cohort of the AleCardio trial comparing aleglitazar with standard medical therapy among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a recent acute coronary syndrome. Patients who had died or had been admitted to hospital for heart failure before the 6-month follow-up, as well as patients without complete renal function data, were excluded, leaving 2776 patients for the analysis. Worsening renal function was defined as a >20% reduction in estimated glomerular filtration rate from discharge to 6 months, or progression to macroalbuminuria. The Cox regression analysis was used to determine the prognostic impact of 6-month renal deterioration on the composite of all-cause death and hospitalization for heart failure. RESULTS: Worsening renal function occurred in 204 patients (7.34%). At a median follow-up of 2 years the estimated rates of death and hospitalization for heart failure per 100 person-years were 3.45 (95% confidence interval [CI], 2.46-6.36) for those with worsening renal function, versus 1.43 (95% CI, 1.14-1.79) for patients with stable renal function. At the adjusted analysis worsening renal function was associated with the composite endpoint (hazard ratio 2.65; 95% CI, 1.57-4.49; P <.001). CONCLUSIONS: Post-discharge worsening renal function is not infrequent among patients with type 2 diabetes and acute coronary syndromes with normal or mildly depressed renal function, and is a strong predictor of adverse cardiovascular events.
Cost-effectiveness of Interventions to Manage Diabetes: Has the Evidence Changed Since 2008?; OBJECTIVE: To synthesize updated evidence on the cost-effectiveness (CE) of interventions to manage diabetes, its complications, and comorbidities. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a systematic literature review of studies from high-income countries evaluating the CE of diabetes management interventions recommended by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and published in English between June 2008 and July 2017. We also incorporated studies from a previous CE review from the period 1985-2008. We classified the interventions based on their strength of evidence (strong, supportive, or uncertain) and levels of CE: cost-saving (more health benefit at a lower cost), very cost-effective (≤$25,000 per life year gained [LYG] or quality-adjusted life year [QALY]), cost-effective ($25,001-$50,000 per LYG or QALY), marginally cost-effective ($50,001-$100,000 per LYG or QALY), or not cost-effective (>$100,000 per LYG or QALY). Costs were measured in 2017 U.S. dollars. RESULTS: Seventy-three new studies met our inclusion criteria. These were combined with 49 studies from the previous review to yield 122 studies over the period 1985-2017. A large majority of the ADA-recommended interventions remain cost-effective. Specifically, we found strong evidence that the following ADA-recommended interventions are cost-saving or very cost-effective: In the cost-saving category are 1) ACE inhibitor (ACEI)/angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) therapy for intensive hypertension management compared with standard hypertension management, 2) ACEI/ARB therapy to prevent chronic kidney disease and/or end-stage renal disease in people with albuminuria compared with no ACEI/ARB therapy, 3) comprehensive foot care and patient education to prevent and treat foot ulcers among those at moderate/high risk of developing foot ulcers, 4) telemedicine for diabetic retinopathy screening compared with office screening, and 5) bariatric surgery compared with no surgery for individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)). In the very cost-effective category are 1) intensive glycemic management (targeting A1C <7%) compared with conventional glycemic management (targeting an A1C level of 8-10%) for individuals with newly diagnosed T2D, 2) multicomponent interventions (involving behavior change/education and pharmacological therapy targeting hyperglycemia, hypertension, dyslipidemia, microalbuminuria, nephropathy/retinopathy, secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease with aspirin) compared with usual care, 3) statin therapy compared with no statin therapy for individuals with T2D and history of cardiovascular disease, 4) diabetes self-management education and support compared with usual care, 5) T2D screening every 3 years starting at age 45 years compared with no screening, 6) integrated, patient-centered care compared with usual care, 7) smoking cessation compared with no smoking cessation, 8) daily aspirin use as primary prevention for cardiovascular complications compared with usual care, 9) self-monitoring of blood glucose three times per day compared with once per day among those using insulin, 10) intensive glycemic management compared with conventional insulin therapy for T2D among adults aged ≥50 years, and 11) collaborative care for depression compared with usual care. CONCLUSIONS: Complementing professional treatment recommendations, our systematic review provides an updated understanding of the potential value of interventions to manage diabetes and its complications and can assist clinicians and payers in prioritizing interventions and health care resources.
Plausible diagnostic value of urinary isomeric dimethylarginine ratio for diabetic nephropathy.; Altered circulatory asymmetric and symmetric dimethylarginines have been independently reported in patients with end-stage renal failure suggesting their potential role as mediators and early biomarkers of nephropathy. These alterations can also be reflected in urine. Herein, we aimed to evaluate urinary asymmetric to symmetric dimethylarginine ratio (ASR) for early prediction of diabetic nephropathy (DN). In this cross-sectional study, individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), newly diagnosed diabetes (NDD), diabetic microalbuminuria (MIC), macroalbuminuria (MAC), and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were recruited from Dr. Mohans' Diabetes Specialties centre, India. Urinary ASR was measured using a validated high-throughput MALDI-MS/MS method. Significantly lower ASR was observed in MIC (0.909) and MAC (0.741) in comparison to the NGT and NDD groups. On regression models, ASR was associated with MIC [OR: 0.256; 95% CI: 0.158-0.491] and MAC [OR 0.146; 95% CI: 0.071-0.292] controlled for all the available confounding factors. ROC analysis revealed ASR cut-point of 0.95 had C-statistic of 0.691 (95% CI: 0.627-0.755) to discriminate MIC from NDD with 72% sensitivity. Whereas, an ASR cut-point of 0.82 had C-statistic of 0.846 (95% CI: 0.800 - 0.893) had 91% sensitivity for identifying MAC. Our results suggest ASR as a potential early diagnostic biomarker for DN among the Asian Indians.
Assessment of proteinuria in patients with chronic kidney disease stage 3: albuminuria and non-albumin proteinuria.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Proteinuria assessment is key in investigating chronic kidney disease (CKD) but uncertainty exists regarding optimal methods. Albuminuria, reflecting glomerular damage, is usually measured, but non-albumin proteinuria (NAP), reflecting tubular damage, may be important. This study investigated the prevalence and associations of albuminuria and NAP, and the optimum number of urine specimens required. METHODS: 1,741 patients with CKD stage 3, recruited from primary care, underwent medical history, clinical assessment, blood sampling, and submitted three early morning urine samples for albumin to creatinine ratio (uACR) and protein to creatinine ratios (uPCR). Albuminuria was defined as uACR ≥ 3 mg/mmol in at least two of three samples. Isolated NAP was defined as uPCR ≥ 17 mg/mmol in two of three samples and uACR <3 mg/mmol in all three. Prevalence and associations of albuminuria and NAP, degree of agreement between single uACR and average of three uACRs, and urine albumin to protein ratio (uAPR  =  uACR/uPCR) were identified. RESULTS: Albuminuria prevalence was 16% and NAP 6%. Using a <1 mg/mmol threshold for uACR reduced NAP prevalence to 3.6%. Independent associations of albuminuria were: males (OR 3.06 (95% CI, 2.23-4.19)), diabetes (OR 2.14 (1.53-3.00)), lower estimated glomerular filtration rate ((OR 2.06 (1.48-2.85) 30-44 vs 45-59), and high sensitivity CRP ((OR 1.70 (1.25-2.32)). NAP was independently associated with females (OR 6.79 (3.48-13.26)), age (OR 1.62 (1.02-2.56) 80 s vs 70-79) and high sensitivity CRP ((OR 1.74 (1.14-2.66)). Of those with uPCR ≥ 17 mg/mmol, 62% had uAPR<0.4. Sensitivity of single uACR was 95%, specificity 98%, PPV 90%. Bland Altman plot one vs average of three uACRs showed: mean difference 0.0064 mg/mmol (SD 4.69, limits of agreement -9.19 to +9.20, absolute mean difference 0.837). CONCLUSIONS: In CKD stage 3, albuminuria has associations distinct from those of isolated NAP (except for inflammatory markers). Single uACR categorised albuminuria but average of three performed better for quantification.
Role of urinary podocalyxin in early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy.; Introduction. Podocyte injury has been reported as an early feature of DN therefore, the assessment of podocyte injury can be accomplished by estimation of podocalyxin in urine. This study aimed to estimate the urinary podocalyxin levels and to determine the sensitivity and specificity of this biomarker for early detection of DN.Materials and methods. A total of 90 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included in this cross-sectional study. Sixty of them were without diagnosed DN, and 30 with diagnosed DN. A control group consisted of 30 healthy subjects. All patients with T2DM were divided into three subgroups according to urinary microalbumin/creatinine ratio (UM/CR): normoalbuminuric, microalbuminuric and macroalbuminuric patients. Urine samples, were used for measurement of podocalyxin by ELISA, creatinine and microalbumin. Fasting venous blood samples was collected for biochemical analyses.Results. The levels of urinary podocalyxin (u-PDX) were higher in patients with T2DM compared to control subjects and a statistically significant difference among studied subgroups regarding u-PDX was found (p < 0.05). Levels of u-PDX are increasing gradually with the degree of DN (p < 0.029). u-PDX levels were positively correlated with UM/CR (r = 0.227, p = 0.002). A cut-off level of 43.8 ng/ml u-PDX showed 73.3% sensitivity and 93.3% specificity to detect DN in early stage. A cut-off level of 30 mg/g UM/CR showed 41.5% sensitivity and 90% specificity in predicting DN. u-PDX was elevated in 48,2% of normoalbuminuric patients.Conclusion. Urinary podocalyxin be useful and more sensitive and specific marker in early detection of DN than microalbuminuria.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-IV is a potential molecular biomarker in diabetic kidney disease.; The present study was designed to identify the changes in microvesicle-dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPP IV) levels in human urine and serum, and to determine whether there were correlations with the severity of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). A total of 127 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were divided into three groups according to the urinary albumin/ creatinine ratio (UACR): microalbuminuria group (n = 50); macroalbuminuria group (n = 34) and normoalbuminuria group (n = 43), and 34 age- and sex-matched non-diabetic healthy subjects were selected as controls. Microvesicle-bound DPP IV and free urinary DPP IV were separated by a filtra-centrifugation method. The total microvesicles were captured by a specific monoclonal antibody, AD-1. DPP IV activity was determined by measuring the cleavage of chromogenic free 4-nitroaniline from Gly-Pro-p-nitroanilide at 405 nm with an ELISA plate reader. DPP IV protein levels were determined by ELISA and Western blot. Our results showed that the microvesicle-bound type was the major form of DPP IV in urine; the urinary microvesicle-DPP IV excretion of each T2DM group was significantly higher compared with controls. The urinary microvesicle-DPP IV level was positively correlated with UACR in patients with T2DM. These findings suggest that the urinary level of microvesicle-bound DPP IV is associated with the severity of DKD.
A nomogram for predicting the risk of new-onset albuminuria based on baseline urinary ACR, orosomucoid, and HbA1c in patients with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: Numerous biomarkers have been shown to be associated with albuminuria. However, few of them are valuable separate predictors of albuminuria development. This study aimed to develop a model for predicting the short-term risk of new-onset albuminuria in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: 213 patients with T2D who were normoalbuminuric at the baseline were enrolled in this study. Basal levels of clinical characteristics and renal biomarkers including urinary orosomucoid (alpha-1-acid-glycoprotein, UORM), neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin, retinol-binding protein, alpha-1-microglobulin, transferrin, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) were utilized to analyze the association with the short-term risk of new-onset albuminuria. RESULTS: 19.72% of normoalbuminuric subjects at baseline progressed to albuminuria over the 2-year follow-up period. Except for NGAL, the basal levels of the other five renal biomarkers were significantly associated with new-onset albuminuria risk in the univariate analysis. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis using Forward: LR method, a model incorporating UORM/Cr, ACR, and HbA1c was established. Comparatively, this model had a higher potential to predict new-onset albuminuria risk compared with the single use of renal markers. In the validation of this model performed by 5-fold cross-validation method, the accuracy of this model was 0.818 ± 0.008 in the training sets, 0.827 ± 0.062 in the test sets, indicating a good capability for assessing albuminuria risk. Finally, a nomogram based on this model was constructed to facilitate its use in clinical practice. CONCLUSION: The combined analysis of UORM/Cr, ACR and HbA1c may be of potential value for predicting the short-term risk of new-onset albuminuria in such patients.
Albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate as predictors of diabetic end-stage renal disease and death.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: We investigated predictive value of albuminuria and estimated GFR (eGFR) for ESRD in Pima Indians with type 2 diabetes. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Beginning in 1982, 2420 diabetic Pima Indians ≥18 years old were followed until they developed ESRD or died or until December 31, 2005. Individuals were classified at baseline by urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and by eGFR, calculated by the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration equation. Predictors of ESRD and mortality were examined by proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 10.2 years, 287 individuals developed ESRD. Incidence of ESRD among individuals with macroalbuminuria (ACR ≥ 300 mg/g) was 9.3 times that of those with normoalbuminuria (ACR < 30 mg/g), controlled for age, gender, and duration of diabetes. Incidence among individuals with eGFR 15 to 29 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) was 81.9 times that of those with eGFR 90 to 119 ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Models that combined albuminuria and eGFR added significant predictive information about risk of ESRD or death compared with models containing eGFR or albuminuria alone. The hazard ratio for ESRD associated with a 10-ml/min per 1.73 m(2) lower eGFR was 1.36, whereas that associated with an increase in albuminuria category was 2.69; corresponding hazard ratios for death were 1.15 and 1.37. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that incorporation of quantitative information about albuminuria into staging systems based on eGFR adds significant prognostic information about risk for diabetic ESRD and death.
Is albuminuria screening and treatment optimal in patients with type 2 diabetes in primary care? Observational data of the GIANTT cohort.; BACKGROUND: Failure of diagnosing and treatment of albuminuria play a role in morbidity and mortality in type 2 diabetes (T2DM). We evaluated guideline adherence and factors associated with albuminuria screening and treatment in T2DM patients in primary care. METHODS: Guidelines recommend annual measurement of albuminuria and, if increased, treatment with renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) blockers. We performed a cohort study of T2DM patients managed by 182 Dutch general practitioners (GPs; Groningen Initiative to Analyse Type 2 diabetes Treatment database), and evaluated guideline adherence in the years 2007-2009. We assessed whether demographic, clinical, organizational or provider factors determined guideline adherence with multilevel analyses. RESULTS: Data were available for 14 120 T2DM patients [47.6% male, mean age 67.3 ± 11.7 years, median diabetes duration 6 (IQR: 3-10) years]. The albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured in 45.2% in 2007, 57.4% in 2008 and 56.8% in 2009. Only 23.7% of all patients were measured every year and 21.4% were never measured. The ACR was more often measured in patients <75 years, with a previous ACR measurement, using anti-diabetic medication, and receiving additional care by a diabetes support facility. RAAS treatment was prescribed to 78.4% of patients with prevalent micro/macroalbuminuria, 66.5% with incident micro/macroalbuminuria, 59.3% with normoalbuminuria and 52.1% of those without ACR measurements. In those not treated with RAAS blockers, it was initiated in 14.3, 12.3, 3.0 and 2.3%, respectively. The presence of micro/macroalbuminuria, higher blood pressure, incidence of cardiovascular events and treatment with antihypertensive medication were the determinants of RAAS-treatment initiation. CONCLUSIONS: Guideline implementation regarding the management of albuminuria in T2DM patients in primary care should be further improved.
Clinical outcomes associated with albuminuria in central Australia: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage-kidney disease (ESKD) continue to be under-diagnosed and a major burden for Aboriginal communities in central Australia. The aim of this study was to examine the risk of poor clinical outcomes associated with elevated albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) among Aboriginal people in central Australia. METHODS: Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the risk of end stage kidney disease (ESKD), dialysis, CVD (cardiovascular disease) and mortality associated with participants' baseline albuminuria reading from a 10-year cohort study of Aboriginal people (n = 623) from three communities in central Australia. Predictors of progression of albuminuria were also examined in the context of the Kidney Health Australia (KHA) Risk Matrix. RESULTS: A baseline ACR level of ≥3.5 mg/mmol was associated with an almost 10-fold increased risk of ESKD (95%CI 2.07-43.8) and a 15-fold risk of dialysis (95%CI 1.89-121). Albuminuria ≥3.5 mg/mmol was also associated with a borderline 63 % increased risk of CVD (95%CI 0.98-2.71). No significant association was observed with mortality from all-causes or chronic disease. Diabetes and a waist-to-hip ratio ≥0.90 independently predicted a two-fold increased risk of a progression to higher ACR levels. CONCLUSIONS: A single measure of moderately increased albuminuria was a strong predictor of renal failure in this population. A single spot urine ACR analysis in conjunction with the KHA Risk Matrix may be a useful and efficient strategy to screen for risk of CKD and progression to dialysis in remote communities. A focus on individuals with diabetes and/or central obesity for strategies to avoid increases in albuminuria may also prevent future CKD and CVD complications.
Predictors of cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy and hypertension: a case for albuminuria.; Individuals with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy represent a particularly high-risk group for both adverse cardiac as well as renal events. Using the Irbesartan in Diabetic Nephropathy Trial (IDNT) cohort, our objective was to determine baseline characteristics of individuals with type 2 diabetic nephropathy and hypertension predictive for cardiac events. IDNT identified 1715 individuals with type 2 diabetic nephropathy and hypertension having serum creatinine of 1.0 to 3.0 mg/dL and urinary albumin excretion rates > or = 900 mg/day. A cardiovascular (CV) composite was used consisting of CV death, nonfatal MI, hospitalization for heart failure, stroke, amputation, and coronary and peripheral revascularization. Using multivariable Cox regression analysis, 41 baseline characteristics determined a priori were analyzed for their potential relationship to risk of experiencing a CV event. Of the 1715 individuals, 518 (30.2%) had at least one of the CV composite end points. Older age, male gender, longer duration of diabetes, history of cardiovascular disease, history of CHF, high urinary albumin:creatinine ratio, and low serum albumin were strong predictors for CV events; of these, prior history of CVD (RR 2.00, 95% CI 1.63-2.45; P < 0.0001) and high urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (RR 1.29 per natural log unit, 95% CI 1.13-1.48; P = 0.0002) at baseline were highly predictive for cardiovascular events. In conclusion, among individuals with hypertension and diabetic nephropathy, both the degree of albuminuria and lower serum albumin levels provide additional prognostic information concerning cardiovascular risk, in addition to traditional coronary risk factors.
miRNAs in Urine Extracellular Vesicles as Predictors of Early-Stage Diabetic Nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: miR-192, miR-194, and miR-215 are enriched in the kidney and play roles in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Extracellular vesicles (EVs) can be detected in body fluids and may serve as disease biomarkers. METHODS: Eighty type 2 diabetes patients with normoalbuminuria (n = 30), microalbuminuria (n = 30), or macroalbuminuria (n = 20), as well as 10 healthy controls, were enrolled in this study. Real-time PCR was used to evaluate urinary EV miRNAs expression. RESULTS: The miR-192 levels were significantly higher than the miR-194 and miR-215 levels in urine EVs and all three miRNAs were significantly increased in the microalbuminuric group compared with the normoalbuminuric and control subjects but were decreased in the macroalbuminuric group. In patients with normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria, miR-192 was positively correlated with albuminuria (r = 0.357, P = 0.005) levels and transforming growth factor- (TGF-) β1 (r = 0.356, P = 0.005) expression. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis revealed that miR-192 was better than miR-194 and miR-215 in discriminating the normoalbuminuric group from the microalbuminuric group. Exposure of human renal tubular epithelial cells to high glucose increased the expression of both miRNAs in cellular supernatant EVs, indicating a potential source. CONCLUSION: These results suggest the potential use of urinary EV miR-192 as a biomarker of the early stage of DN.
Interrelationship of Multiple Endothelial Dysfunction Biomarkers with Chronic Kidney Disease.; The interrelationship of multiple endothelial biomarkers and chronic kidney disease (CKD) has not been well studied. We measured asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), L-arginine, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), soluble E-selectin (sE-selectin), von Willebrand factor (vWF), flow-mediated dilation (FMD), and nitroglycerin-induced dilation (NID) in 201 patients with CKD and 201 community-based controls without CKD. Multivariable analyses were used to examine the interrelationship of endothelial biomarkers with CKD. The multivariable-adjusted medians (interquartile ranges) were 0.54 (0.40, 0.75) in patients with CKD vs. 0.25 (0.22, 0.27) μmol /L in controls without CKD (p<0.0001 for group difference) for ADMA; 67.0 (49.6, 86.7) vs. 31.0 (27.7, 34.2) μmol/L (p<0.0001) for L-arginine; 230.0 (171.6, 278.6) vs. 223.9 (178.0, 270.6) ng/mL (p=0.55) for sICAM-1; 981.7 (782.6, 1216.8) vs. 633.2 (507.8, 764.3) ng/mL (p<0.0001) for sVCAM-1; 47.9 (35.0, 62.5) vs. 37.0 (28.9, 48.0) ng/mL (p=0.01) for sE-selectin; 1320 (1044, 1664) vs. 1083 (756, 1359) mU/mL (p=0.008) for vWF; 5.74 (3.29, 8.72) vs. 8.80 (6.50, 11.39)% (p=0.01) for FMD; and 15.2 (13.5, 16.9) vs. 19.1 (17.2, 21.0)% (p=0.0002) for NID, respectively. In addition, the severity of CKD was positively associated with ADMA, L-arginine, sVCAM-1, sE-selectin, and vWF and inversely associated with FMD and NID. Furthermore, FMD and NID were significantly and inversely correlated with ADMA, L-arginine, sVCAM-1, sE-selectin, and vWF. In conclusion, these data indicate that multiple dysfunctions of the endothelium were present among patients with CKD. Interventional studies are warranted to test the effects of treatment of endothelial dysfunction on CKD.
Renal vascular Doppler ultrasonographic indices and carotid artery intima-media thickness in diabetic nephropathy.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes is one of the common causes of renal insufficiency and is responsible for about one third of cases requiring renal transplantation. Conventional sonography provides limited information regarding the severity and prognosis of disease. The present study was carried out to evaluate the renal vascular Doppler indices role in determining renal dysfunction and carotid artery atherosclerosis. METHODS: Fifty five patients with diabetic nephropathy (albuminuria more than 300mg/24 hours) were enrolled into this cross-sectional study. Renal interlobar arterioles were studied using resistive (RI) and pulsatility (PI) indices of Doppler ultrasonography, in addition to conventional kidney length and renal parenchyma thickness. Intima-media thickness of common carotid artery (CCIMT) was also assessed just before the bifurcation. Serum creatinine (sCr), urine albumin and lipid profile were measured using standard methods. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated by the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formula. RESULTS: The renal interlobar arterioles' RI was positively and linearly correlated with the sCr and albuminuria levels (P<0.039 r= +0.320 and P=0.047, r= +0.287). There were negative linear correlations between eGFR and the renal interlobar arterioles' RI (P<0.001, r=-0.539) and PI (P<0.045, r= -0.328). The mean CCIMT was more than 0.7 mm in 90% of the studied patients. No correlation was found between CCIMT and renal ultrasonographic and Doppler findings. CONCLUSION: Although Doppler ultrasonographic indices of renal interlobar arteriols show the severity of renal dysfunction in patients with diabetic nephropathy, these indices do not have any advantage over the simple and cost effective biochemical parameters.
Urinary strips for proteins: easy to do but difficult to read!; Urine is an easily accessible biological fluid. This availability makes it tempting for a direct analysis of urinary parameters by physicians. Urinary proteins, that are interesting markers for several pathologies, are detected by urinary strips, rapidly and at a low cost. However, to ensure an optimal use of urinary strips, one may be familiar to their characteristics and their limits. This paper details the available urinary strips used for the detection of urinary proteins and urinary albumin, as well as their analytical performances in clinical conditions such as pregnancy, chronic renal disease, diabetes or for the screening of general populations.
Prevalence and causes of albuminuria in non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.; A prospective study of the prevalence and causes of persistent albuminuria (greater than 300 mg/24 hr) was conducted in non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients, age less than 66 years, attending a diabetic clinic during 1987. All eligible patients (N = 370) were asked to collect at least one 24-hour urine sample for albumin analysis. Urine collection was obtained in 224 males and 139 females (98%). Fifty patients (7 women) suffered from persistent albuminuria (13.8%). The prevalence of albuminuria was significantly higher in males (19%) than in females (5%). A kidney biopsy was performed in 35 patients (70%). The kidney biopsies revealed diffuse and/or nodular diabetic glomerulosclerosis in 27 patients (77%), while the remaining eight patients (23%) had a variety of non-diabetic glomerulopathies, such as minimal lesion and mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis. Diabetic retinopathy was present in 15 of 27 patients (56%) with diabetic glomerulosclerosis, while none of the eight patients with a non-diabetic glomerulopathy had retinopathy. Our cross sectional study has revealed a high prevalence of albuminuria and of non-diabetic glomerulopathy as a cause of this complication in NIDDM patients. Presence of diabetic retinopathy strongly suggests that a diabetic glomerulopathy is the cause of albuminuria. Albuminuric non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients without retinopathy require further evaluation, that is, kidney biopsy.
Microalbuminuria as a target to improve cardiovascular and renal outcomes.; Albuminuria is a cardiovascular and renal risk factor in patients with diabetes, patients with hypertension, and the general population. Risk has been shown to increase continuously with increasing urinary albumin levels, starting at levels that once were considered normal. This association is maintained even after adjusting for numerous other factors. Studies also established that a decrease in albuminuria leads to improvement in both cardiovascular and renal outcomes. These data suggest that urinary albumin should be measured routinely and treated to afford cardiovascular and renoprotection.
Oxidative stress markers in type 2 diabetes patients with diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies show that 5-40 % of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) patients have diabetic nephropathy, and oxidative stress is one of several underlying mechanisms. We investigated associations between oxidative stress markers and severity of diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: Fifty-nine T2DM patients from the endocrinology outpatient department were included, and their levels of oxidative stress markers were measured. Three groups were determined by their urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR): group A (UACR < 30 mg/g, n = 22); group B (30 ≤ UACR < 300 mg/g, n = 22); and group C (UACR ≥ 300 mg/g, n = 15). RESULTS: Vitamin C levels correlated negatively and moderately with serum creatinine (γ = -0.459, p < 0.001), urine albumin (γ (s) = -0.458, p = 0.001) and UACR (γ (s) = -0.408, p = 0.001), but only weakly with hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Vitamin C levels decreased as 8-OHdG, serum creatinine, albumin and UACR increased. T2DM patients with more severe diabetic nephropathy had lower vitamin C levels. CONCLUSION: Our results identified several oxidative stress markers that may be clinically important in diabetic nephropathy. Studies with larger sample sizes should be undertaken to confirm these findings.
Uromodulin mRNA from Urinary Extracellular Vesicles Correlate to Kidney Function Decline in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Extracellular vesicles (EVs) enclose mRNA derived from their cell of origin and are considered a source of potential biomarkers. We examined urinary EV mRNA from individuals with diabetic kidney disease (DKD), chronic kidney disease, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and obese and healthy controls to determine if such biomarkers had the potential to classify kidney disease and predict patients at higher risk of renal function decline. METHODS: A total of 242 participants enrolled in this study. Urinary EV mRNA from all subjects were isolated by a filter-based platform, and the expression of 8 target genes were determined by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in 161 T2DM patients were evaluated for 2 consecutive years and compared with EV RNA profiles at baseline. RESULTS: We observe that mild and severe DKD groups show a significant 3.2- and -4.4-fold increase in UMOD compared to healthy controls and expression increases linearly from healthy, diabetic, and DKD subjects. UMOD expression is significantly correlated to albumin creatinine ratio (ACR), eGFR, and HbA1c. Using linear discriminant analyses with mRNA from severe DKD and T2DM as training data, a multi-gene signature classified DKD and -non-DKD with a sensitivity of 93% and specificity of 73% with area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) = 0.90. Although 6% of T2DM were determined to have a > 80% posterior probability of developing DKD based on this mRNA profile, eGFR changes observed within the 2-year follow-up did not reveal a decline in kidney function. CONCLUSION: Urinary EV UMOD mRNA levels are progressively elevated from T2DM to DKD groups and correlate with widely used eGFR and ACR diagnostic criteria. An EV mRNA signature could identify DKD with greater than 90% sensitivity and 70% specificity.
Diabetic nephropathy: implications for renal and cardiovascular outcomes.; Diabetic nephropathy is a disease entity that is becoming more prevalent in the developed world. Its effect on individuals and society is profound, both in terms of cost and on patient health, especially in relation to associated cardiovascular disease. This review is an analysis of the most recent data available on diabetic nephropathy and its clinical applications to patient care. Using Medline search for relevant data from 1983 to the present, it focuses on clinical strategies that are employed to help curtail the progressive nature of this disease. Current strategies, including glycemic control, blood pressure treatment, inhibition of the renin/angiotensin system, nutrition, and hyperlipidemia, are discussed in relation to the relevant clinical data. Current clinical markers and possible future treatments are also discussed in the context of aiming to improve clinical outcomes in patients who are affected.
Diagnostic efficacy of random albumin creatinine ratio for detection of micro and macro-albuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To compare a less cumbersome random albumin creatinine ratio (RACR) with 24-hour urinary albumin excretion (UAE) for detection of renal damage in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: This retrospective study performed between March 2013 and June 2014 at the Department of Pathology, King Khalid University Hospital, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia included 122 patients (mean age 54 ± 15, 104 females and 18 males) with T2DM. Urine albumin levels of less than 30 mg/g was considered normal, from 30-300 mg/g considered as micro-albuminuria, and over 300 mg/g considered as macro-albuminuria. RESULTS: Concordance between the 2 assays was observed in 114 (93.4%) samples. The sensitivity of RACR assay was 100%, specificity was 91.3% with a positive predictive value (PPV) of 95%, and a negative predictive value (NPV) of 100% in micro-albuminuria range. For macro-albuminuria, RACR had a sensitivity of 100%, specificity of 94.1% with PPV of 94% and NPV of 100%. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves analysis cut-off values of 40 mg/g-300 mg/g for micro- and greater than 300 mg/g for macro-albuminuria revealed 100% sensitivity, 97.5% specificity, 95% PPV, and 100% NPV for micro-albuminuria, and 100% sensitivity, 94% specificity, 76% PPV, and 100% NPP for macro-albuminuria. The area under the curve for micro-albuminuria was 100% and 98.2% for macro-albuminuria. CONCLUSION: Performance of RACR was comparable to 24 hour UAE assay particularly in excluding renal damage in T2DM.
Plasma concentrations of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and risk of kidney disease and death in individuals with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Oxidative stress is involved in the pathogenesis of diabetic kidney disease. We evaluated the association between 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), a marker of DNA oxidative damage, and end-stage renal disease (ESRD) or death in individuals with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Plasma 8-OHdG concentrations were measured at baseline in participants with type 1 diabetes from GENEDIAB (n = 348) and GENESIS (n = 571) cohorts. A follow-up was conducted in 205 and 499 participants for a mean ± SD duration of 8.9 ± 2.3 years and 5.2 ± 1.9 years, respectively. We tested associations between 8-OHdG concentrations and urinary albumin concentration (UAC) or eGFR at baseline, and the risk of ESRD or all-cause mortality during follow-up. Analyses were performed in pooled cohorts. RESULTS: The highest UAC (geometric mean [95% CI]) was observed in the third 8-OHdG tertile (tertile 1, 9 [6, 13] mg/l; tertile 2, 10 [7, 16] mg/l; tertile 3, 16 [10, 25] mg/l; p = 0.36 for tertile 1 vs tertile 2 and p = 0.003 for tertile 3 vs tertile 1) after adjustment for potential confounding covariates. The lowest eGFR (mean [95% CI]) was observed in the third tertile (tertile 1, 87 [82, 93] ml min(-1) 1.73 m(-2); tertile 2, 88 [82, 94] ml min(-1) 1.73 m(-2); tertile 3, 74 [68, 80] ml min(-1) 1.73 m(-2); p = 0.61 for tertile 1 vs tertile 2; p < 0.001 for tertile 3 vs tertile 1). ESRD and death occurred in 48 and 64 individuals, respectively. The HR for ESRD, but not death, was higher in the third tertile than in the first (tertile 2 vs tertile 1, 1.45 [0.45, 5.04], p = 0.54; tertile 3 vs tertile 1, 3.05 [1.16, 9.60], p = 0.02) after multiple adjustments. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Higher plasma concentrations of 8-OHdG were independently associated with increased risk of kidney disease in individuals with type 1 diabetes, suggesting that this marker can be used to evaluate the progression of diabetic kidney disease.
Urinary proteomics in diabetes and CKD.; Urinary biomarkers for diabetes, diabetic nephropathy, and nondiabetic proteinuric renal diseases were sought. For 305 individuals, biomarkers were defined and validated in blinded data sets using high-resolution capillary electrophoresis coupled with electrospray-ionization mass spectrometry. A panel of 40 biomarkers distinguished patients with diabetes from healthy individuals with 89% sensitivity and 91% specificity. Among patients with diabetes, 102 urinary biomarkers differed significantly between patients with normoalbuminuria and nephropathy, and a model that included 65 of these correctly identified diabetic nephropathy with 97% sensitivity and specificity. Furthermore, this panel of biomarkers identified patients who had microalbuminuria and diabetes and progressed toward overt diabetic nephropathy over 3 yr. Differentiation between diabetic nephropathy and other chronic renal diseases reached 81% sensitivity and 91% specificity. Many of the biomarkers were fragments of collagen type I, and quantities were reduced in patients with diabetes or diabetic nephropathy. In conclusion, this study shows that analysis of the urinary proteome may allow early detection of diabetic nephropathy and may provide prognostic information.
Microalbuminuria: an important diagnostic tool.; The concept of microalbuminuria is reviewed. Measuring the urinary albumin excretion rate and testing for microalbuminuria is well established in the control and treatment of patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria predicts nephropathy and early cardiovascular death. In the presence of microalbuminuria frequent examinations are warranted for early detection of retinopathy, blood-pressure rise, and for optimizing the glycemic control. In patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes, the independent value of microalbuminuria as a cardiovascular risk factor is not yet clarified. The urinary albumin excretion rate should be measured at diagnosis, because the indications are that presence of microalbuminuria reinforces the urge to intervene against other well-documented cardiovascular risk factors (hypertension, dyslipidemia, tobacco, and obesity). In the nondiabetic population, there is accumulating evidence that an elevated urinary albumin excretion rate is associated with early cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Large scale cross-sectional and prospective studies are needed in order to clarify further the role of microalbuminuria as an independent risk factor in the background population.
Enhancing the predictive value of urinary albumin for diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a growing cause of ESRD despite widely known recommendations for improved glycemic and BP control. Perhaps earlier identification of patients who have diabetes and are at high risk for DN could reverse these epidemiologic trends. Albumin excretion rate (AER), the mainstay of early detection of DN, is not a sufficiently precise predictor of DN risk. Careful family history, smoking history, consideration of absolute versus categorical AER values, more frequent AER measures, ambulatory BP monitoring, precise GFR measurements, diabetic retinopathy assessments, and plasma lipid levels all can add to predictive accuracy for DN. Thus, although further research in DN biomarkers and predictors is greatly needed, a careful integrated evaluation of currently available parameters can improve our ability to predict DN risk in individual patients.
Screening for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease using liver stiffness measurement and its association with chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes.; AIM: Despite the high prevalence and serious clinical implications of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), NAFLD is usually overlooked during routine diabetes care. This study explored the proportion of NAFLD cases and increased liver fibrosis (LF), and the association between LF and either chronic kidney disease (CKD) or cardiovascular complications in T2DM patients. METHODS: The study included 137 patients with non-insulin-treated T2DM and no known liver disease consecutively attending our diabetes outpatients' service who underwent liver ultrasonography and liver stiffness measurement (LSM) using vibration-controlled transient elastography (FibroScan®). RESULTS: The proportion of patients with hepatic steatosis on ultrasonography was 73.7%, and the proportion with significant LF was 17.5% with an LSM cut-off ≥7kPa or 10.2% with an LSM cut-off ≥8.7kPa. The presence of CKD (estimated GFR <60mL/min/1.73m(2) and/or abnormal albuminuria) increased significantly across LSM tertiles (from around 15% in tertile 1 to 45% in tertile 3). Cardiovascular complications (previous ischaemic heart disease, ischaemic stroke, permanent atrial fibrillation) also tended to increase across LSM tertiles (from around 15% to 30%). After adjusting for established risk factors and potential confounders, LSM tertile 3 remained significantly associated with an approximately threefold higher risk of prevalent CKD (adjusted OR: 3.28, 95% CI: 1.22-8.90; P=0.019), but not for cardiovascular complications. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that NAFLD and significant LF (as assessed by FibroScan®) are very commonly seen in T2DM outpatients with no known liver disease attending a secondary-care diabetes service, and that increased LF is associated with a greater proportion of chronic vascular complications, especially CKD.
Renal and cardiovascular risk predictive value of two different microalbuminuria screening methods in patients with hypertension with/without diabetes in Portugal.; MicRoAlbuminuria sCreening survEy (RACE) was a multicentre, observational, cross-sectional study conducted in primary health-care settings of Portugal. Here, we present a post-hoc analysis from the RACE study, assessing the renal and cardiovascular (CV) risk predictive value of two different microalbuminuria (MA) screening methods, nephelometry with 24-h urine (MA-24 h) and Micral test with occasional urine (MicralA) in patients with hypertension (HTN) with/without type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Out of 3065 patients, 1173 (38.3%) were in the HTN group without T2DM (HTN) and 1892 (61.7%) in the HTN group with T2DM (HTN+T2DM). The overall prevalence of MA was 50.6% determined by MicralA and 22.1% with MA-24 h. Urinary albumin excretion data obtained by both techniques correlated significantly (r(s)=0.586; P<0.001). In all subjects, MicralA showed a sensitivity of 93%, specificity of 62% for detection of MA, with a positive predictive value of 41% and negative predictive value of 97%. With both methods, the presence of MA was independently associated with a higher risk (1.5- to 2.9-fold) of CV and renal organ damage in both HTN and HTN+T2DM groups. MicralA, due to its high sensitivity and negative predictive value, can be considered as a valid and reliable method for MA screening in patients with HTN with/without T2DM.
Proteinuria and microalbuminuria as predictors of nephropathy.; Measurement of proteinuria, microalbuminuria, and sodium-lithium countertransport in red cells has no practical value. A low-protein diet and ACE inhibitor therapy are currently the best way to retard progression of diabetic renal disease.
Urinary MCP-1 and RBP: independent predictors of renal outcome in macroalbuminuric diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria has been considered a sine qua non condition for the diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) and has been widely used as a surrogate outcome of chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, recent data suggest that albuminuria may fail as a biomarker in a subset of patients, and the search for novel markers is intense. METHODS: We analyzed the role of urinary RBP and of serum and urinary cytokines (TGF-beta, MCP-1 and VEGF) as predictors of the risk of dialysis, doubling of serum creatinine or death (primary outcome, PO) in 56 type 2 diabetic patients with macroalbuminuric DN. RESULTS: Mean follow-up time was 30.7±10 months. Urinary RBP and MCP-1 were significantly higher in patients presenting the PO, whereas no difference was shown for TGF-β or VEGF. In the Cox regression, urinary RBP, MCP-1 and VEGF were positively associated and serum VEGF was inversely related to the risk of the PO. However, after adjustments for creatinine clearance, proteinuria, and blood pressure only urinary RBP (OR 11.6; 95% CI 2.7-49.2, p=0.001 for log RBP) and urinary MCP-1 (OR 11.0; 95% CI 1.6-76.4, p=0.02 for log MCP-1) remained as significant independent predictors of the PO. CONCLUSION: Urinary RBP and MCP-1 are independently related to the risk of CKD progression in patients with macroalbuminuric DN. Whether these biomarkers have a role in the setting of normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria in DN should be further investigated.
Recent advances in management of type 2 diabetes and nephropathy: lessons from the RENAAL study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy has become the single most important cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) worldwide. Strategies to slow the rate of loss of renal function in these patients recently have been developed. The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system has proven to be an important target for intervention. METHODS: The Reduction of Endpoints in NIDDM with the Angiotensin II Receptor Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) study was a randomized, double-blind, multinational, clinical trial that studied 1,513 patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy for a mean of 3.4 years. Patients were administered either losartan or placebo, each in addition to conventional antihypertensive therapy, with dosage adjustments as necessary to achieve a target blood pressure of less than 140/less than 90 mm Hg. RESULTS: The study showed a significant benefit of losartan, beyond the effects of lowering blood pressure, on the primary composite end point of doubling serum creatinine level, ESRD, or death (-16%; P = 0.02). Losartan reduced the incidence of serum creatinine level doubling (-25%; P = 0.006) and ESRD (-28%; P = 0.002), but had no effect on rate of death. The composite end point of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality was similar in the two groups. The rate of first hospitalization for heart failure was reduced in the losartan group (-32%; P = 0.005), as was proteinuria (-35%; P < 0.001). The RENAAL study also provided the opportunity to evaluate risk factors that predict ESRD in patients with type 2 diabetes in whom blood pressure was aggressively treated. In our multivariate model, four independent risk factors, proteinuria (most important), serum creatinine level, hypoalbuminemia, and anemia, were identified that predicted the development of ESRD. CONCLUSION: Proteinuria is the single most powerful predictor of ESRD in patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy. Thus, it is imperative that it be assessed in all patients with type 2 diabetes to identify those at risk for progressive renal disease. The routine availability of the urinary albumin-creatinine ratio as a diagnostic test provides an important opportunity to further improve the prognosis of individuals with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy.
Risk Prediction for Early CKD in Type 2 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Quantitative data for prediction of incidence and progression of early CKD are scarce in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Therefore, two risk prediction models were developed for incidence and progression of CKD after 5.5 years and the relative effect of predictors were ascertained. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Baseline and prospective follow-up data of two randomized clinical trials, ONgoing Telmisartan Alone and in combination with Ramipril Global Endpoint Trial (ONTARGET) and Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention (ORIGIN), were used as development and independent validation cohorts, respectively. Individuals aged ≥55 years with type 2 diabetes and normo- or microalbuminuria at baseline were included. Incidence or progression of CKD after 5.5 years was defined as new micro- or macroalbuminuria, doubling of creatinine, or ESRD. The competing risk of death was considered as an additional outcome state in the multinomial logistic models. RESULTS: Of the 6766 ONTARGET participants with diabetes, 1079 (15.9%) experienced incidence or progression of CKD, and 1032 (15.3%) died. The well calibrated, parsimonious laboratory prediction model incorporating only baseline albuminuria, eGFR, sex, and age exhibited an externally validated c-statistic of 0.68 and an R(2) value of 10.6%. Albuminuria, modeled to depict the difference between baseline urinary albumin/creatinine ratio and the threshold for micro- or macroalbuminuria, was mostly responsible for the predictive performance. Inclusion of clinical predictors, such as glucose control, diabetes duration, number of prescribed antihypertensive drugs, previous vascular events, or vascular comorbidities, increased the externally validated c-statistic and R(2) value only to 0.69 and 12.1%, respectively. Explained variation was largely driven by renal and not clinical predictors. CONCLUSIONS: Albuminuria and eGFR were the most important factors to predict onset and progression of early CKD in individuals with type 2 diabetes. However, their predictive ability is modest. Inclusion of demographic, clinical, and other laboratory predictors barely improved predictive performance.
Serum adiponectin and progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to elucidate whether serum adiponectin is associated with progression of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a prospective follow-up study as a part of the nationwide Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study; 1,330 type 1 diabetic patients were followed for 5.0 +/- 2.2 years. Patients were divided at baseline into three groups according to their urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in three consecutive overnight or 24-h urine collections: 818 patients with normoalbuminuria (AER <20 microg/min), 216 patients with microalbuminuria (20 microg/min <or= AER < 200 microg/min), and 296 patients with macroalbuminuria (AER >or=200 microg/min). Progression of albuminuria was the main outcome. Adiponectin was measured by a time-resolved immunofluorometric assay, and the values were log-transformed and adjusted for age, BMI, and sex before analysis. RESULTS: Progression either to the next albuminuria level or to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) occurred in 193 patients. No difference in adiponectin concentrations was observed between progressors and nonprogressors in patients with normoalbuminuria or microalbuminuria. In the patients with macroalbuminuria, progression to ESRD was associated with higher adiponectin in the entire group (23.4 +/- 17.1 vs. 16.0 +/- 8.5 mg/l, P < 0.001) and in men (P < 0.001) and women (P < 0.001) separately. Progression to ESRD was also associated with systolic blood pressure, insulin dose, A1C, serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides, AER, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). When these covariates were inserted in a Cox regression analysis, A1C, triglycerides, eGFR, and adiponectin were significantly associated with progression from macroalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Increased serum adiponectin levels predict the progression from macroalbuminuria to ESRD in type 1 diabetic patients.
Hypertension in early-stage kidney disease: an update from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a worldwide public health problem. Systolic blood pressure as an associated feature of CKD has not been fully explored in community volunteer and nationally representative samples of the US population. METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis evaluated hypertension and early-stage CKD in participants in the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP), a voluntary community-based health screening program administered by the National Kidney Foundation, and the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) data to assess similarities and differences between these populations. Participants in both databases were 18 years or older. RESULTS: The KEEP database included 88,559 participants and the NHANES included 20,095. Hypertension prevalence was greater in KEEP (69.6%) than NHANES (38.1%; P < 0.001). Compared with NHANES participants, KEEP participants had greater rates of obesity (79.5% versus 51.5%; P < 0.001) and diabetes (28.0% versus 8.9%; P < 0.001). In participants with diabetes, KEEP had slightly greater rates of prevalent hypertension (88.5% versus 85.7%; P = 0.03). In participants with hypertension, CKD stages 3 and 4 were more prevalent in KEEP than NHANES (79.1% versus 69.3%; P < 0.001). Rates of CKD stages 3 and 4 were greater in KEEP than NHANES for the following subgroups: African Americans (72.4% versus 57.4%; P < 0.001), smokers (69.1% versus 55.6%; P = 0.002), and participants with hypercholesterolemia (80.2% versus 71.9%; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In the volunteer KEEP population, rates of hypertension and CKD were greater than in NHANES, most prominently in African Americans and participants with increased cardiovascular risk.
Assessment of two novel renal tubular proteins in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.; Nephropathy is a common health issue associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Treatment of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in an early stage can effectively inhibit its progression. Albuminuria is the currently accepted marker for detection of DN.This study aims to evaluate the urinary level of two novel renal tubular proteins (cyclophilin A and periostin) in patients with T2DM and among different nephropathy stages and also to validate the diagnostic accuracy of both cyclophilin A and periostin as potential markers for early prediction of DN relative to albuminuria.This cross-sectional study recruited 137 patients with T2DM, and they were divided based on their urinary albumin:creatinine ratio into T2DM with normoalbuminuria (group II), incipient T2DN with microalbuminuria (group III) and overt T2DN with macroalbuminuria (groupIV) beside 41 healthy subjects as group I Cyclophilin A and periostin were measured in the urine using ELISA. Diagnostic accuracy of both markers was determined for prediction of DN via receiver operating characteristic curve analyses.Urinary cyclophilin A and periostin levels were significantly higher in DN groups when compared with T2DM with normoalbuminuria group. For prediction of incipient and overt DN, areas under the curve (AUCs) of periostin were 0.954, 0.997 and cyclophilin A were 0.914, 0.937, respectively. AUCs of periostin were higher than that for cyclophilin A with a significant AUC difference (p=0.022) in overt DN stage.Periostin and cyclophilin A could be regarded as a potential urinary biomarker for early prediction of DN. Periostin exhibits a higher diagnostic accuracy than urinary cyclophilin A specifically in overt DN stage.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in adults over 40 years: a population study from Central China.; AIM: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) poses a serious public health problem worldwide. Population-based studies determining the prevalence of this disease in China have been limited in several large developed cities. In the present study, a population-based screening study in Henan, a representative province in Central China, was conducted in order to quantify the prevalence of CKD and identify the associated risk factors for this disease in a population of developing areas of China. METHODS: Residents (n = 4156) over 40 years old in four major cities of Henan Province were interviewed and their albuminuria, reduced renal function, haematuria and blood pressure were measured. Associations between age, components of metabolism syndrome and indicators of CKD were examined. RESULTS: Among these subjects, the prevalence rates of albuminuria, haematuria and reduced renal function were 4.51%, 6.28% and 1.53%, respectively. Approximately 10.49% of the subjects had at least one indicator of kidney damage. The awareness rate of this disease in subjects with CKD was only 9.50%. Hypertension, diabetes and hyperuricaemia were three independent risk factors for CKD. CONCLUSION: The high prevalence and low awareness of CKD in the studied population suggest that CKD is a severe public health problem in Central China. Effectively preventive and therapeutic interventions are needed.
Microalbuminuria: is it a valid predictor of cardiovascular risk?; Microalbuminuria strongly predicts cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, clinical nephropathy, and progression of renal disease in high-risk populations. We recommend screening patients with type 2 diabetes, older patients with type 1 diabetes, and older patients with stage 2 hypertension or higher (ie, > or = 160/100 mm Hg).
Improved clinical trial enrollment criterion to identify patients with diabetes at risk of end-stage renal disease.; Design of Phase III trials for diabetic nephropathy currently requires patients at a high risk of progression defined as within three years of a hard end point (end-stage renal disease, 40% loss of estimated glomerular filtration rate, or death). To improve the design of these trials, we used natural history data from the Joslin Kidney Studies of chronic kidney disease in patients with diabetes to develop an improved criterion to identify such patients. This included a training cohort of 279 patients with type 1 diabetes and 134 end points within three years, and a validation cohort of 221 patients with type 2 diabetes and 88 end points. Previous trials selected patients using clinical criteria for baseline urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio and estimated glomerular filtration rate. Application of these criteria to our cohort data yielded sensitivities (detection of patients at risk) of 70-80% and prognostic values of only 52-63%. We applied classification and regression trees analysis to select from among all clinical characteristics and markers the optimal prognostic criterion that divided patients with type 1 diabetes according to risk. The optimal criterion was a serum tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 level over 4.3 ng/ml alone or 2.9-4.3 ng/ml with an albumin-to-creatinine ratio over 1900 mg/g. Remarkably, this criterion produced similar results in both type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients. Overall, sensitivity and prognostic value were high (72% and 81%, respectively). Thus, application of this criterion to enrollment in future clinical trials could reduce the sample size required to achieve adequate statistical power for detection of treatment benefits.
Early urinary biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetes mellitus show involvement of kallikrein-kinin system.; BACKGROUND: Additional urinary biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy (DN) are needed, providing early and reliable diagnosis and new insights into its mechanisms. Rigorous selection criteria and homogeneous study population may improve reproducibility of the proteomic approach. METHODS: Long-term type 1 diabetes patients without metabolic comorbidities were included, 11 with sustained microalbuminuria (MA) and 14 without MA (nMA). Morning urine proteins were precipitated and resolved by 2D electrophoresis. Principal component analysis (PCA) and Projection to latent structures discriminatory analysis (PLS-DA) were adopted to assess general data validity, to pick protein fractions for identification with mass spectrometry (MS), and to test predictive value of the resulting model. RESULTS: Proteins (n = 113) detected in more than 90% patients were considered representative. Unsupervised PCA showed excellent natural data clustering without outliers. Protein spots reaching Variable Importance in Projection score above 1 in PLS (n = 42) were subjected to MS, yielding 33 positive identifications. The PLS model rebuilt with these proteins achieved accurate classification of all patients (R2X = 0.553, R2Y = 0.953, Q2 = 0.947). Thus, multiple earlier recognized biomarkers of DN were confirmed and several putative new biomarkers suggested. Among them, the highest significance was met in kininogen-1. Its activation products detected in nMA patients exceeded by an order of magnitude the amount found in MA patients. CONCLUSIONS: Reducing metabolic complexity of the diseased and control groups by meticulous patients' selection allows to focus the biomarker search in DN. Suggested new biomarkers, particularly kininogen fragments, exhibit the highest degree of correlation with MA and substantiate validation in larger and more varied cohorts.
Expression Profiling and Clinical Significance of Plasma MicroRNAs in Diabetic Nephropathy.; AIMS: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) stably and abundantly exist in body fluids and have been considered as novel and noninvasive biomarkers for several diseases. The present study is aimed at investigating the expression profiling and clinical significance of plasma miRNAs in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: Plasma samples were obtained from 66 DN patients (36 had microalbuminuria and 30 had macroalbuminuria), 36 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria, and 40 healthy controls. The plasma miRNA profiles were obtained by miRNA low-density array chip and validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. The correlations between the differential expression of plasma miRNAs and clinicopathological parameters were explored. RESULTS: miR-150-5p, miR-155-5p, miR-30e, miR-320e, and miR-3196 were found to be differentially expressed in plasma samples among these three groups: diabetic patients with microalbuminuria, diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria, and healthy controls (P < 0.05). The expression levels of miR-150-5p and miR-155-5p in patients with macroalbuminuria were 2.3-fold (P = 0.001) and 1.5-fold (P = 0.033) higher than patients with microalbuminuria, respectively. However, the expression levels of miR-30e, miR-3196, miR-320, and let-7a-5p were not significantly different between these two groups (P > 0.05). Furthermore, plasma miR-150-5p (P = 0.016, r = -0.460) and miR-155-5p (P = 0.014, r = -0.467) were negatively correlated with the albuminuria excretion rate, while plasma miR-150-5p (P = 0.01, r = 0.318) and miR-155-5p (P = 0.030, r = 0.271) were positively correlated with the estimated glomerular filtration rate. CONCLUSION: miR-150-5p, miR-155-5p, miR-30e, miR-320e, and miR-3196 are potentially new diagnostic biomarkers for early DN. miR-150-5p and miR-155-5p may be involved in the pathogenesis and progression of DN. Further research is required to verify these findings and clarify the specific molecular mechanisms.
Markers of early progressive renal decline in type 2 diabetes suggest different implications for etiological studies and prognostic tests development.; To identify determinants of early progressive renal decline in type 2 diabetes a range of markers was studied in 1032 patients enrolled into the 2nd Joslin Kidney Study. eGFR slopes estimated from serial measurements of serum creatinine during 5-12 years of follow-up were used to define early renal decline. At enrollment, all patients had normal eGFR, 58% had normoalbuminuria and 42% had albuminuria. Early renal decline developed in 6% and in 18% patients, respectively. As determinants, we examined baseline values of clinical characteristics, circulating markers: TNFR1, KIM-1, and FGF23, and urinary markers: albumin, KIM-1, NGAL, MCP-1, EGF (all normalized to urinary creatinine) and the ratio of EGF to MCP-1. In univariate analysis, all plasma and urinary markers were significantly associated with risk of early renal decline. When analyzed together, systolic blood pressure, TNFR1, KIM-1, the albumin to creatinine ratio, and the EGF/MCP-1 ratio remained significant with the latter having the strongest effect. Integration of these markers into a multi-marker prognostic test resulted in a significant improvement of discriminatory performance of risk prediction of early renal decline, compared with the albumin to creatinine ratio and systolic blood pressure alone. However, the positive predictive value was only 50% in albuminuric patients. Thus, markers in plasma and urine indicate that the early progressive renal decline in Type 2 diabetes has multiple determinants with strong evidence for involvement of tubular damage. However, new, more informative markers are needed to develop a better prognostic test for such decline that can be used in a clinical setting.
The Effectiveness of the Semi-quantitative Assessment of Microalbuminuria Using Routine Urine Dipstick Screening in Patients with Diabetes.; Objective The early diagnosis and treatment of microalbuminuria is important for preventing the progression of diabetic kidney disease in patients with diabetes. In this study, we assessed the accuracy of the semi-quantitative measurement of microalbuminuria by urine dipstick screening in patients with diabetes. Methods The semi-quantitative urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (QUACR) was used for microalbuminuria screening. A total of 291 diabetes patients with normoalbuminuria [urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) <30 mg/g・Cre; n=205] or microalbuminuria (UACR 30-299 mg/g・Cre; n=86) were enrolled as study participants. Both the qualitative test of albumin (QUA) and the QUACR of early-morning or spot urine samples were performed at the same time. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to compare the diagnostic utility of the QUACR to that of the QUA in the detection of microalbuminuria. Results The sensitivity and specificity values of the QUACR were 84.9% and 76.6%, respectively. Those of the QUA were 53.5% and 84.4%, respectively. In the ROC analysis, the area under the curve values of the QUACR and QUA for the diagnosis of microalbuminuria were 0.807 (95% confidence interval: 0.752-0.863) and 0.689 (0.618-0.760), respectively. Conclusion These results suggest that the QUACR is a simple and efficient test-with high levels of sensitivity and specificity-for the detection of microalbuminuria in patients with diabetes.
Early detection of kidney disease in community settings: the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: Early identification of persons at risk for kidney disease provides an opportunity to prevent or delay its progression and decrease morbidity and mortality. Our hypothesis was that implementation of a targeted screening program in communities with high-risk populations would detect previously unidentified persons with or at high risk for chronic kidney disease (CKD) with a prevalence that exceeds that predicted for CKD in the general population. METHODS: Persons with hypertension or diabetes or a first-order relative with hypertension, diabetes, or kidney disease were screened for kidney disease risk factors. Blood pressure, blood glucose level, serum creatinine level, hemoglobin level, microalbuminuria, hematuria, pyuria, body mass index, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (EGFR) were evaluated. RESULTS: Six thousand seventy-one eligible persons were screened from August 2000 through December 2001: of these persons, 68% were women, 43% were African American, 36% were white, 10% were Hispanic, and 5% were Native American. Most reported high-school education or more (84%) and health insurance coverage (86%). Twenty-seven percent met the screening definitions for diabetes; 64%, for hypertension; 29%, for microalbuminuria; 8%, for anemia; 18%, for hematuria; 13%, for pyuria; 5%, for elevated serum creatinine level; 16%, for reduced EGFR; and 44%, for obesity. Among participants without a reported history of specified conditions, screening identified 82 participants (2%) with diabetes, 1,014 participants (35%) with hypertension, 277 participants (5%) with elevated serum creatinine levels, 839 participants (14%) with reduced EGFRs, and 1,712 participants (29%) with microalbuminuria. Thirty-five percent of participants with a history of diabetes had elevated serum glucose levels at screening (> or =180 mg/dL [10 mmol/L]), and 64% with a history of hypertension did not have blood pressure controlled to less than 140/90 mm Hg. Only 18% of participants with a history of diabetes and 31% with a reduced EGFR had blood pressure controlled to less than 130/80 mm Hg and less than 135/85 mm Hg, respectively. CONCLUSION: Targeted screening is effective in identifying persons with previously unidentified or poorly controlled kidney disease risk factors, as well as persons with a moderately decreased EGFR.
Evaluation of Serum microRNAs in Patients with Diabetic Kidney Disease: A Nested Case-Controlled Study and Bioinformatics Analysis.; BACKGROUND Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) can result in end-stage kidney disease and renal failure. This study aimed to examine the expression of serum microRNAs (miRNAs), miR-20a, miR-99b, miR-122-5p, and miR-486-5p, and to use bioinformatics data to investigate the pathways involved in DKD. MATERIAL AND METHODS Serum miRNAs were obtained from 25 healthy volunteers, 50 patients with non-complicated type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and 42 patients with T2DM and DKD. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to detect the expression of serum miRNAs. Specificity and sensitivity of the association between serum miRNAs in DKD were evaluated by analysis of the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) area under the curve (AUC). Serum miRNAs and clinical parameters of the patients were compared. Bioinformatics data analysis accessed the miRNA targets involved in the pathways related to the pathogenesis of DKD. RESULTS Serum levels of miR-99b and miR-122 significantly increased, and mir-20a and miR-486 decreased in the DKD group compared with healthy controls. Serum levels of miR-20a, miR-99b, miR-486-5p, and miR-122-5p were significantly correlated with albuminuria, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), blood glucose and lipid profiles. ROC curve analysis showed that diagnostic accuracy of serum levels of miR-99b for DKD was superior to miR-486-5p, miR-122-5p, and miR-20a, resulting in AUCs of 0.895, 0.853, 0.80, and 0.697, respectively. These four miRNAs regulate several genes affecting oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptosis. CONCLUSIONS Serum miR-99b, miR-486-5p, miR-122-5p, and miR-20a were differentially expressed in patients with T2DM and DKD and should be evaluated further as potential biomarkers for DKD.
Diagnostic value of neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in diabetic nephropathy: a meta-analysis.; Purpose: This meta-analysis aimed to determine the diagnostic performance of neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) in diabetic nephropathy (DN). Methods: We searched the PubMed, Embase, Wanfang, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure databases for articles published up to 24 April 2019. The meta-analyses were conducted by Stata 11.0, and diagnostic accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive likelihood ratios (NLR and PLR), diagnostic odds ratio (DOR), and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve data were pooled. Moreover, heterogeneity and small trials bias were evaluated. Results: Six cross-sectional studies were included in the meta-analysis. For the studies of microalbuminuria versus normoalbuminuria, the estimates (95% confidence interval) were as follows: sensitivity, 0.75 (0.51-0.89); specificity, 0.78 (0.70-0.84); PLR, 3.37 (2.49-4.56); NLR, 0.33 (0.16-0.69); DOR, 10.31 (4.05-26.25); and area under the ROC curve (AUC), 0.81 (0.77-0.84). For the studies of microalbuminuria + macroalbuminuria versus normoalbuminuria, the results were as follows: sensitivity, 0.83 (0.66-0.93); specificity, 0.88 (0.67-0.97); PLR, 7.20 (1.97-26.31); NLR, 0.19 (0.08-0.46); DOR, 37.83 (4.84-295.65); AUC, 0.92 (0.90-0.94). Deeks' funnel plot suggested that small trials bias was insignificant in this study. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that NGAL is a potential diagnostic marker for patients with DN and that its diagnostic value for microalbuminuria + macroalbuminuria is superior to that for microalbuminuria. Highlights The first meta-analysis to investigate NGAL diagnostic role in DN. NGAL is valuable for the early diagnosis of DN. The diagnostic value of NGAL in microalbuminuria + macroalbuminuria was much higher.
[Albumin-to-creatinine ratio as a diagnostic tool for type 2 diabetic nephropathy].; BACKGROUND: Given the low effectiveness of 24 hours determination of urinary albumin excretion (UAE) for the diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy in primary care, we aimed at evaluating the albumin: creatinine ratio (ACR) in the first voided morning urine sample as a diagnostic tool in this setting. PATIENTS AND METHOD: 214 patients with type 2 diabetes were studied. ACR and UAE were compared with correlation and lineal regression analyses. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was performed to determine the discriminatory value for diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy. RESULTS: The correlation coefficient between ACR and UAE was 0.93 (p<0.01) and the ROC curve analysis showed a value of 2.4 g/mol for women and 1.4 g/mol for men. CONCLUSIONS: ROC curve analysis reveals that ACR is a useful method for diagnosing diabetic nephropathy, although the discriminatory value depends on sex.
High-normal albuminuria is strongly associated with incident chronic kidney disease in a nondiabetic population with normal range of albuminuria and normal kidney function.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) are clinically measured to evaluate the severity of chronic kidney disease (CKD). The aim of our study was to clarify the association between clinical parameters, including albuminuria and eGFR, and the risk of incident CKD in a nondiabetic population with normal range of albuminuria and eGFR. METHODS: A 10-year follow-up, retrospective cohort study involving 317 Japanese men (mean age, 42 years) with eGFR ≥ 90 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) < 30 mg/gCr was performed. Participants were free of diabetes mellitus. Multivariate logistic regression approaches were used to assess independent predictors of the incidence of CKD. RESULTS: Twenty-nine (9%) participants developed CKD (eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and/or UACR ≥ 30 mg/gCr) through 10 years of follow-up. At the baseline examination, age, blood pressure, UACR, and eGFR were higher in participants who developed CKD than in those without CKD. After adjustment for confounders, high-normal albuminuria (P < 0.001) and hypertension (P = 0.045) were associated with an increased incidence of CKD. From receiver-operating characteristic curves, UACR ≥ 7.0 mg/gCr was defined as high-normal albuminuria. Logistic regression analysis also showed that, in addition to presence of hypertension, UACR ≥ 7.0 mg/gCr was identified as an independent risk of incident CKD within 10 years after adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking status, and dyslipidemia [UACR: odds ratio (OR) 17.36 (95% CI 6.16-48.93, P < 0.001)]. CONCLUSION: High-normal albuminuria and hypertension are associated with incident CKD in a nondiabetic population with normal-range UACR and eGFR.
Urinary proteomics for prediction of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: The urinary proteomic classifier CKD273 has shown promise for prediction of progressive diabetic nephropathy (DN). Whether it is also a determinant of mortality and cardiovascular disease in patients with microalbuminuria (MA) is unknown. METHODS: Urine samples were obtained from 155 patients with type 2 diabetes and confirmed microalbuminuria. Proteomic analysis was undertaken using capillary electrophoresis coupled to mass spectrometry to determine the CKD273 classifier score. A previously defined CKD273 threshold of 0.343 for identification of DN was used to categorise the cohort in Kaplan-Meier and Cox regression models with all-cause mortality as the primary endpoint. Outcomes were traced through national health registers after 6 years. RESULTS: CKD273 correlated with urine albumin excretion rate (UAER) (r = 0.481, p = <0.001), age (r = 0.238, p = 0.003), coronary artery calcium (CAC) score (r = 0.236, p = 0.003), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) (r = 0.190, p = 0.018) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (r = 0.265, p = 0.001). On multivariate analysis only UAER (β = 0.402, p < 0.001) and eGFR (β = - 0.184, p = 0.039) were statistically significant determinants of CKD273. Twenty participants died during follow-up. CKD273 was a determinant of mortality (log rank [Mantel-Cox] p = 0.004), and retained significance (p = 0.048) after adjustment for age, sex, blood pressure, NT-proBNP and CAC score in a Cox regression model. CONCLUSION: A multidimensional biomarker can provide information on outcomes associated with its primary diagnostic purpose. Here we demonstrate that the urinary proteomic classifier CKD273 is associated with mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes and MA even when adjusted for other established cardiovascular and renal biomarkers.
Skin autofluorescence predicts cardio-renal outcome in type 1 diabetes: a longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: We aimed to analyze the relationships between skin autofluorescence (SAF) and incident macrovascular events and renal impairment after 4 years of follow-up in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D). METHODS: Two hundred and forty-three patients (51.2 ± 16.7 years old) with T1D participated. SAF was measured by AGE-Reader-TM at inclusion. Macrovascular events (MVE), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) were recorded then and 4 years later. Multivariate logistic regression was used to analyze the relationships between SAF and incident MVE and renal profile 4 years later. RESULTS: Patients with incident MVE had a higher SAF (p = 0.003). SAF predicted incident MVE after adjustment for age, sex, body mass index, tobacco, diabetes duration, hypertension, HbA1c, AER, eGFR (OR 4.84 [95 % CI 1.31-17.89], p = 0.018). However, this relation was no longer significant after adjustment for history of MVE. An inverse relation was found between SAF and incident eGFR (p = 0.0001). Patients with incident eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) had a SAF higher than patients with normal eGFR. After adjustment for the previous criteria, SAF remained associated with the risk of impaired incident eGFR (OR 7.42 [95 % CI 1.59-34.65], p = 0.018). No relation was found between SAF and increased AER 4 years later. CONCLUSIONS: SAF predicts MVE in patients with T1D, adjusted for cardiovascular risk factors but the most powerful predictive factor remains history of MVE. SAF also predicts eGFR impairment, adjusted for initial AER and renal function. SAF could be a useful non-invasive tool for estimating risk of cardiovascular or renal impairment in patients with T1D.
Serum and urinary SOD3 in patients with type 2 diabetes: comparison with early chronic kidney disease patients and association with development of diabetic nephropathy.; Extracellular superoxide dismutase 3 (SOD3), one member of the antioxidant defense system and a superoxide scavenger, has been noted to be downregulated in the kidneys of diabetic mice and is characterized by a heparin-binding domain that can anchor the protein to the endothelium and extracellular matrix. The association of the serum and urinary SOD3 levels with diabetic nephropathy in different stages has never been evaluated. It remains unclear how urinary SOD3 changes in different renal diseases. We recruited 98 Taiwanese patients with type 2 diabetes and 10 patients with early chronic kidney disease (CKD) into this study. Biochemical analyses were performed, including evaluation of the serum SOD3, urinary SOD3, urinary albumin, urinary vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and urinary angiotensinogen (ANG). The Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test was used to compare various parameters among the three groups of patients: early CKD, diabetes alone, and diabetes with CKD. Results showed that lower serum and urinary SOD3 levels were observed in the group of patients with diabetes alone. Higher serum and urinary SOD3 levels were observed in the group of patients with diabetes and CKD, which had higher albuminuria and serum creatinine levels. The serum SOD3 levels were significantly positively correlated with renal function, according to the serum creatinine level. The urinary levels of SOD3 were significantly correlated with other urinary biomarkers such as urinary ANG and VEGF. Furthermore, albuminuria can positively predict the serum SOD3 level for the ratio of urinary albumin to urinary creatinine (ACR) >1,190.769 mg/g and the urinary SOD3 level for ACR ≥300 mg/g.
A candidate panel of eight urinary proteins shows potential of early diagnosis and risk assessment for diabetic kidney disease in type 1 diabetes.; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) poses a significant health challenge for individuals with diabetes. At its initial stages, DKD often presents asymptomatically, and the standard for non-invasive diagnosis, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR), employs discrete categorizations (normal, microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria) with limitations in sensitivity and specificity across diverse population cohorts. Single biomarker reliance further restricts the predictive value in clinical settings. Given the escalating prevalence of diabetes, our study uses proteomic technologies to identify novel urinary proteins as supplementary DKD biomarkers. A total of 158 T1D subjects provided urine samples, with 28 (15 DKD; 13 non-DKD) used in the discovery stage and 131 (45 DKD; 40 pDKD; 46 non-DKD) used in the confirmation. We identified eight proteins (A1BG, AMBP, AZGP1, BTD, RBP4, ORM2, GM2A, and PGCP), all of which demonstrated excellent area-under-the-curve (AUC) values (0.959 to 0.995) in distinguishing DKD from non-DKD. Furthermore, this multi-marker panel successfully segregated the most ambiguous group (microalbuminuria) into three distinct clusters, with 80% of subjects aligning either as DKD or non-DKD. The remaining 20% exhibited continued uncertainty. Overall, the use of these candidate urinary proteins allowed for the better classification of DKD and offered potential for significant improvements in the early identification of DKD in T1D populations.
Urinary alpha-1 antitrypsin and CD59 glycoprotein predict albuminuria development in hypertensive patients under chronic renin-angiotensin system suppression.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension is a multi-factorial disease of increasing prevalence and a major risk factor for cardiovascular mortality even in the presence of adequate treatment. Progression of cardiovascular disease (CVD) occurs frequently during chronic renin-angiotensin-system (RAS) suppression, and albuminuria is a marker of CV risk. High prevalence of albuminuria in treated hypertensive patients has been demonstrated, but there are no available markers able to predict evolution. The aim of this study was the identification of novel indicators of albuminuria progression measurable in urine of diabetic and non-diabetic patients. METHODS: 1143 hypertensive patients under chronic treatment were followed for a minimum period of 3 years. Among them, 105 diabetic and non-diabetic patients were selected and classified in three groups according to albuminuria development during follow-up: (a) patients with persistent normoalbuminuria; (b) patients developing de novo albuminuria; (c) patients with maintained albuminuria. Differential urine analysis was performed by 2D gel electrophoresis (2D-DIGE) and further confirmed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Non-parametric statistical tests were applied. RESULTS: CD59 glycoprotein and alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) resulted already altered in patients developing albuminuria de novo, with a similar response in those with maintained albuminuria. A prospective study in a sub-group of normoalbuminuric patients who were clinically followed up for at least 1 year from urine sampling, revealed CD59 and AAT proteins significantly varied in the urine collected from normoalbuminurics who will negatively progress, serving as predictors of future albuminuria development. CONCLUSIONS: CD59 and AAT proteins are significantly altered in hypertensive patients developing albuminuria. Interestingly, CD59 and AAT are able to predict, in normoalbuminuric individuals, who will develop albuminuria in the future, being potential predictors of vascular damage and CV risk. These findings contribute to early identify patients at risk of developing albuminuria even when this classical predictor is still in the normal range, constituting a novel strategy towards a prompt and more efficient therapeutic intervention with better outcome.
Urinary peptidome may predict renal function decline in type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria.; One third of patients with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria experience an early, progressive decline in renal function that leads to advanced stages of chronic kidney disease and ESRD. We hypothesized that the urinary proteome may distinguish between stable renal function and early renal function decline among patients with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria. We followed patients with normal renal function and microalbuminuria for 10 to 12 yr and classified them into case patients (n = 21) with progressive early renal function decline and control subjects (n = 40) with stable renal function. Using liquid chromatography matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry, we identified three peptides that decreased in the urine of patients with early renal function decline [fragments of alpha1(IV) and alpha1(V) collagens and tenascin-X] and three peptides that increased (fragments of inositol pentakisphosphate 2-kinase, zona occludens 3, and FAT tumor suppressor 2). In renal biopsies from patients with early nephropathy from type 1 diabetes, we observed increased expression of inositol pentakisphosphate 2-kinase, which was present in granule-like cytoplasmic structures, and zona occludens 3. These results indicate that urinary peptide fragments reflect changes in expression of intact protein in the kidney, suggesting new potential mediators of diabetic nephropathy and candidate biomarkers for progressive renal function decline.
Proteinuria is still useful for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of urinary total protein measurements in timed 24-h urine collection (24-h UP) and in a diurnal random urine specimen (RUS) for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 167 diabetic patients (20 type 1 and 147 type 2 diabetic patients; 78 women and 89 men), aged 20-84 years, collected 217 timed 24-h urine specimens. Albumin was measured by immunoturbidimetry, total protein by sulfosalicylic acid technique, and creatinine by Jaffe's method. According to the timed 24-h urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER), samples were divided into three groups: normoalbuminuric (NORMO) (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 84), microalbuminuric (MICRO) (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 78), and macroalbuminuric (MACRO) (UAER > or = 200 micrograms/min; n = 55). Eighty-six patients also collected 105 RUSs (NORMO, n = 47; MICRO, n = 37; MACRO, n = 21), and urinary protein concentration (UPC) and urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio (UPCR) were measured. The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve approach was used to analyze the performance of the diagnostic tests. RESULTS: Spearman's coefficient of correlation of 24-h UAER versus 24-h UP was 0.95 (P < 0.001), and of 24-h UAER versus UPC and UPCR were 0.77 and 0.72, respectively (P < 0.001). The calculated areas (+/- SEM) under the ROC curve for the diagnosis of over diabetic nephropathy were 0.9987 +/- 0.001 for 24-h UP, 0.9926 +/- 0.006 for UPC, and 0.9751 +/- 0.014 for UPCR. In the ROC curves, the first points with 100% sensitivity were 541 mg (95.7% specificity) for 24-h UP, 431 mg/l (92.9% specificity) for UPC, and 0.2 (76.2% specificity) for UPCR. CONCLUSIONS: Measurements of proteinuria presented almost perfect accuracy for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy. Protein measurement in spot urine is a reliable and simple method for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy.
Can a semi-quantitative method replace the current quantitative method for the annual screening of microalbuminuria in patients with diabetes? Diagnostic accuracy and cost-saving analysis considering the potential health burden.; OBJECTIVES: Diabetes is a global epidemic, and the high cost of annually and quantitatively measuring urine albumin excretion using the turbidimetric immunoassay is challenging. We aimed to determine whether a semi-quantitative urinary albumin-creatinine ratio test could be used as a screening tool for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients. METHODS: We assessed the diagnostic accuracy of the semi-quantitative method. The costs of false results in the semi-quantitative method were calculated based on the annual probability of disease progression analyzed through a systematic literature review and meta-analysis. The pooled long-term cost-saving effect of the semi-quantitative method compared with the quantitative test was assessed using a Markov model simulating a long-term clinical setting. Diagnostic accuracy and the cost-saving effect were also validated in an independent external cohort. RESULTS: Compared with the quantitative test, the semi-quantitative method had sensitivities of 93.5% and 81.3% and specificities of 61.4% and 63.1% in the overall sample of diabetic patients (n = 1,881) and in diabetic patients with eGFR ≥60 ml/min/1.73 m2 and a negative dipstick test (n = 1,110), respectively. After adjusting for direct and indirect medical costs, including the risk of disease progression, which was adjusted by the meta-analyzed hazard ratio for clinical outcomes, it was determined that using the semi-quantitative method could save 439.4 USD per person for 10 years. Even after adjusting the result to the external validation cohort, 339.6 USD could be saved for one diabetic patient for 10 years. CONCLUSIONS: The semi-quantitative method could be an appropriate screening tool for albuminuria in diabetic patients. Moreover, it can minimize the testing time and inconvenience and significantly reduce national health costs.
Spot urine albumin to creatinine ratio and serum cystatin C are effective for detection of diabetic nephropathy in childhood diabetic patients.; Spot urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) measurement has been suggested as a surrogate to 24-hr urine collection for the assessment of microalbuminuria, and cystatin C (cysC) is known as an advantageous marker for renal function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical values of spot urinary ACR and serum cysC for the assessment of diabetic nephropathy instead of 24-hr urine microalbumin in children and adolescents with diabetes. A total of 113 children and adolescents (age 12-19 yr, M:F = 47:66) with type 1 or 2 diabetes were enrolled. We evaluated the validity of spot urine ACR and serum cysC, and then compared them to 24-hr urine microalbumin and creatinine clearance. Spot urine ACR was correlated with 24-hr urine albumin excretion (R(2) = 0.828, P = 0.001) and creatinine clearance (R(2) = 0.249, P = 0.017). The ROC curve analysis of serum cysC demonstrated higher diagnostic accuracy than that of serum creatinine (AUC 0.732 vs 0.615). Both the measurements of spot urine ACR and serum cysC might better predict the presence of diabetic nephropathy than 24-hr urine microalbumin in childhood diabetic patients.
Urine and plasma metabolites predict the development of diabetic nephropathy in individuals with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Early detection of individuals with Type 2 diabetes mellitus or hypertension at risk for micro- or macroalbuminuria may facilitate prevention and treatment of renal disease. We aimed to discover plasma and urine metabolites that predict the development of micro- or macroalbuminuria. METHODS: Patients with Type 2 diabetes (n = 90) and hypertension (n = 150) were selected from the community-cohort 'Prevention of REnal and Vascular End-stage Disease' (PREVEND) and the Steno Diabetes Center for this case-control study. Cases transitioned in albuminuria stage (from normo- to microalbuminuria or micro- to macroalbuminuria). Controls, matched for age, gender, and baseline albuminuria stage, remained in normo- or microalbuminuria stage during follow-up. Median follow-up was 2.9 years. Metabolomics were performed on plasma and urine. The predictive performance of a metabolite for albuminuria transition was assessed by the integrated discrimination index. RESULTS: In patients with Type 2 diabetes with normoalbuminuria, no metabolites discriminated cases from controls. In patients with Type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria, plasma histidine was lower (fold change = 0.87, P = 0.02) and butenoylcarnitine was higher (fold change = 1.17, P = 0.007) in cases vs. controls. In urine, hexose, glutamine and tyrosine were lower in cases vs. controls (fold change = 0.20, P < 0.001; 0.32, P < 0.001; 0.51, P = 0.006, respectively). Adding the metabolites to a model of baseline albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate metabolites improved risk prediction for macroalbuminuria transition (plasma integrated discrimination index = 0.28, P < 0.001; urine integrated discrimination index = 0.43, P < 0.001). These metabolites did not differ between hypertensive cases and controls without Type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Type 2 diabetes-specific plasma and urine metabolites were discovered that predict the development of macroalbuminuria beyond established renal risk markers. These results should be confirmed in a large, prospective cohort.
Albuminuria is not associated with bacteriuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of observational studies.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: It has been recommended that urinary albumin be measured in sterile urine for the proper diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy. However, the association between bacteriuria and urinary albumin is controversial. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to investigate the association of albuminuria and bacteriuria in patients with diabetes. Medline and Embase were searched (beginning in 1950 until November 2010). Data were extracted independently by two investigators. The pooled OR estimates were calculated using the random effects model. RESULTS: We identified 305 studies in the database searches. A total of seven studies were included, providing data from 1,552 patients (mean age 56.4 years). The OR of bacteriuria for the presence of micro- and/or macroalbuminuria was 1.60 (95% CI: 0.97-2.66, I(2) = 66.6%) as compared to patients without bacteriuria. Funnel plots and the Egger regression test suggested no significant asymmetry in the analysis (p = 0.21). In a sensitivity analysis including the five studies (1,197 participants) that evaluated microalbuminuria as the outcome, the OR of bacteriuria for microalbuminuria was 1.22 (95% CI: 0.68-2.19). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, no association was identified between albuminuria and bacteriuria considering the current literature. Further prospective studies of a large diabetic population are needed to clarify such an association.
Study of Neutrophil Gelatinase Associated Lipocalin and Kidney Injury Molecule-1 in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: There is a need for accurate and rapid biomarkers for the early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN). We aimed to study the accuracy of urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (uNGAL), urinary kidney injury molecule-1 (uKIM-1), and blood NGAL (bNGAL) in type 2 diabetics as biomarkers for diagnosis of DN. METHODS: The study was a retrospective case-control study that included 30 control subjects, 40 diabetics with normo-albuminuria < 30 mg/g and eGFR > 60 mL/minute/1.73 m2, and 30 diabetics with albuminuria > 30mg/g and eGFR < 60mL/minute/1.73 m2. Blood and urine samples were obtained to determine levels of bNGAL, uNAGAL, and uKIM1. RESULTS: There was a significant increase in bNGAL, uNGAL, uKIM 1, uNGAL/creatinine and uKIM 1/creatinine among diabetics with albuminuria compared to diabetics with normoalbuminuria and normal control (p < 0.001 for all markers). For diagnosis of early DN, both bNGAL and uKIM 1 had sensitivity and specificity of 100% for each at cutoff values of 322.5 pg/mL and 74.25 ng/mL, respectively. uNGAL had a sensitivity of 97.5% and a spec-ificity of 100% at a cutoff point of 565 ng/mL. uKIM1/creatinine at a cutoff of 51.2 had a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 100%. CONCLUSIONS: The present study highlights the accuracy of urinary KIM1 and NGAL and blood NGAL as biomarkers for the diagnosis of nephropathy in the early stage of diabetic nephropathy. There were positive correlations with kidney function tests creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, and the presence of albuminuria.
Evaluation of creatinine-based and cystatin C-based equations for estimation of glomerular filtration rate in type 1 diabetic patients.; Objective Several formulas based in different biomarkers may be used to estimate glomerular filtration rate (GRF). However, all of them have some limitations, and it is very important to evaluate their performances in different groups of patients. Therefore, we compared GFR, as estimated by creatinine-based and cystatin C-based equations, according to albuminuria, in type 1 diabetes (T1DM), in an observational case-control study. Subjects and methods T1DM patients were classified according to albuminuria: normoalbuminuric (n = 63), microalbuminuric (n = 30), macroalbuminuric (n = 32). GFR was calculated using creatinine-based and cystatin C-based (aMDRD, CKD-EPIcr, CKD-EPIcys, MacIsaac, Tan and CKD-EPIcrcys) equations. Spearman Correlation was used to evaluate the correlation of GFR estimated by the formulas with albuminuria. ROC curves were constructed to compare AUCs of GFR estimated by equations, in reference to macroalbuminuria. Sensibility, specificity and accuracy were calculated for a cut-off < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2. Results GFR estimated by creatinine-based and cystatin C-based equations significantly differed among normoalbuminuric, microalbuminuric and macroalbuminuric patients. Spearman correlation and AUCs of GFR estimated by creatinine-based and cystatin C-based formulas were very similar to each other, though cystatin C-based equations presented better correlation with albuminuria and higher AUCs than the creatinine-based ones, and the best accuracy to detect macroalbuminuric patients. Conclusion Although GFR estimated by all creatinine-based and cystatin C-based equations permitted the differentiation between T1DM patients, according to albuminuria, cystatin C-based equations presented best accuracy to detect macroalbuminuria in T1DM patients and should be considered in the clinical routine in order to increase the possibility of early diagnostic of chronic renal disease.
The Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield (KEAPS): a community-based screening for microalbuminuria in a British population.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Microalbuminuria (MA) detects subjects at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) among diabetics, hypertensives and the general population. There is still a paucity of data on prevalence and risk factors for MA in the UK. We examined in a cross-sectional study, the prevalence and risk factors for MA in the general population of Sheffield, UK. METHODS: The study was conducted among participants of the Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield (KEAPS), a population-based screening program for MA. The screening tools included a questionnaire collating information on demographics, lifestyle, medical and family history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension and CKD. MA measurements were obtained by immunonephelometry, and MA thresholds were defined using the albumin-creatinine ratio. RESULTS: The prevalence of MA was 7.1% in a random sample of a Sheffield-based population screened only once. The prevalence was 6.2% in the non-diabetic and non-hypertensive subjects. The prevalence of MA was only 1.3% in the subjects without any known risk factor, such as old age, diabetes, hypertension, obesity or CVD. The prevalence of MA could be overestimated as it was based on a single albumin-creatinine ratio testing. The independent predictor variables associated with the presence of MA in a mutually adjusted logistic regression model were: age (OR = 1.012, 95% CI: 1.00-1.02), diabetes (OR = 3.25, 95% CI: 1.30-8.13), obesity (OR = 4.09, 95% CI: 1.71-9.80) and family history of hypertension (OR = 1.87, 95% CI: 1.00-3.47). CONCLUSIONS: The main determinants of MA were increased age, diabetes, obesity and family history of hypertension. On the population level, obesity as a risk factor for MA is less well documented; in this study obesity had greater odds for MA than diabetes and hypertension.
Diabetes mellitus and CKD awareness: the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) and National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES).; BACKGROUND: Diabetes contributes to increased morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). We sought to describe CKD awareness and identify factors associated with optimal glycemic control in diabetic and nondiabetic individuals both aware and unaware of CKD. METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis compared Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) and National Health and Nutrition and Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999 to 2006 participants with diabetes and CKD. CKD was defined and staged using glomerular filtration rate (estimated by using the 4-variable Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study equation) and urine albumin-creatinine ratio. NHANES defined diabetes as self-reported diabetes or fasting plasma blood glucose level of 126 mg/dL or greater, and KEEP as self-reported diabetes or diabetic retinopathy, use of diabetes medications, fasting blood glucose level of 126 mg/dL or greater, or nonfasting glucose level of 200 mg/dL or greater. RESULTS: Of 77,077 KEEP participants, 20,200 (26.2%) were identified with CKD and 23,082 (29.9%) were identified with diabetes. Of 9,536 NHANES participants, 1,743 (18.3%) were identified with CKD and 1,127 (11.8%) were identified with diabetes. Of KEEP participants with diabetes and CKD (n = 7,853), 736 (9.4%) were aware of CKD. Trends in lack of CKD awareness were similar for KEEP participants with and without diabetes. Unaware participants with and without diabetes identified with stages 1 and 2 CKD were less likely to reach target glucose levels, defined as fasting glucose level less than 126 mg/dL or nonfasting glucose level less than 140 mg/dL, than those with stages 3 to 5 (odds ratio, 0.69; 95% confidence interval, 0.62 to 0.78; odds ratio, 0.69; 95% confidence interval, 0.58 to 0.81; P < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our data support that KEEP, as a targeted screening program, is a more enriched population with CKD and comorbid diabetes than NHANES. In addition, our findings highlight the relationship between dysglycemia and early stages of unidentified CKD.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in a Uygur adult population from Urumqi.; Evaluating the prevalence of kidney damage according to population-based studies in different communities has been limited in developing countries. We conducted a population-based screening study in Uygur people of Urumqi, aiming to identify the prevalence and associated risk factors of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Uygur populations. A total of 2576 residents (>18 years) from four districts of Urumqi were interviewed from June 2007 to January 2009 and tested for haematuria, albuminuria and reduced renal function. Associations between age, gender, smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperuricaemia and kidney damage were examined. There were 2576 subjects enrolled in this study. After age correction, the prevalence of albuminuria, haematuria and reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was 3.58%, 2.26% and 1.03%, respectively. Approximately 5.65% of the sample population had at least one indicator of kidney damage. Age, diabetes mellitus, hypercholesteremia, hyperuricaemia and hyperlipidaemia were independently associated with CKD. In the general Uygur adult population from Urumqi, 5.65% had either proteinuria, haematuria or reduced eGFR, indicating the presence of kidney damage, with an awareness of only 1.05%. The high prevalence and low awareness of CKD in this population suggest an urgent need for CKD prevention programs in Uygur people.
Urinary biomarkers of tubular injury to predict renal progression and end stage renal disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus with advanced nephropathy: A prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Novel potential tubular biomarkers in diabetic nephropathy could improve risk stratification and prediction. The study aimed to evaluate the association of tubular damage markers with rapid renal progression and incidence of end stage renal disease (ESRD) in type 2 diabetes (T2DM). METHODS: A prospective cohort study, involving a total of 257 patients with T2DM, was included. The baseline values of urine albumin, cystatin-C, angiotensinogen, kidney injury molecule-1 (KIM-1) and neutrophil-gelatinase associated lipocalin (NGAL) were measured. The composite outcomes included a rapid glomerular filtration rate (GFR) decline or incident of ESRD at 3-year follow-up. MAIN FINDINGS: The composite outcomes were noted in 26.1%. Using univariate followed by multivariate COX proportional hazard regression analysis, the patients with highest quartiles of urine cystatin-C (HR 2.96, 95% CI, 1.38-6.35), urine angiotensinogen (HR 2.93, 95% CI, 1.40- 6.13) urine KIM-1 (HR 2.77, 95% CI, 1.27-6.05) and urine NGAL (HR 2.53, 95% CI, 1.11-5.76) were significantly associated with rapid renal progression when compared with the patients with the lowest quartiles of all tubular biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with T2DM with high levels of baseline urine tubular biomarkers (cystatin-C, angiotensinogen, KIM-1 and NGAL) had a greater incidence of ESRD and rapid GFR decline.
Increased urinary angiotensin converting enzyme 2 and neprilysin in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) and neprilysin (NEP) are metalloproteases that are highly expressed in the renal proximal tubules. ACE2 and NEP generate renoprotective angiotensin (1-7) from angiotensin II and angiotensin I, respectively, and therefore could have a major role in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Recent data demonstrated increased urinary ACE2 in patients with diabetes with CKD and kidney transplants. We tested the hypothesis that urinary ACE2, NEP, and a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 17 (ADAM17) are increased and could be risk predictors of CKD in patients with diabetes. ACE2, NEP, and ADAM17 were investigated in 20 nondiabetics (ND) and 40 patients with diabetes with normoalbuminuria (Dnormo), microalbuminuria (Dmicro), and macroalbuminuria (Dmacro) using ELISA, Western blot, and fluorogenic and mass spectrometric-based enzyme assays. Logistic regression model was applied to predict the risk prediction. Receiver operating characteristic curves were drawn, and prediction accuracies were calculated to explore the effectiveness of ACE2 and NEP in predicting diabetes and CKD. Results demonstrated that there is no evidence of urinary ACE2 and ADAM17 in ND subjects, but both enzymes were increased in patients with diabetes, including Dnormo. Although there was no detectable plasma ACE2 activity, there was evidence of urinary and plasma NEP in all the subjects, and urinary NEP was significantly increased in Dmicro patients. NEP and ACE2 showed significant correlations with metabolic and renal characteristics. In summary, urinary ACE2, NEP, and ADAM17 are increased in patients with diabetes and could be used as early biomarkers to predict the incidence or progression of CKD at early stages among individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Metabolic Syndrome without Diabetes or Hypertension Still Necessitates Early Screening for Chronic Kidney Disease: Information from a Chinese National Cross-Sectional Study.; Metabolic syndrome (MS) is prevalent, with an increasing contribution to the incidence of chronic kidney disease (CKD). The study of the relationship between them is important. The CKD survey, a national cross-sectional study, provided a large database to accomplish this study. The study population were 41 131 adults from this survey between 2008 and 2009. CKD was defined as estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) less than 60 mL/min per 1.73 m2 or the presence of albuminuria. MS was diagnosed by National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III (ATPIII), ATPIII-modified or International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Logistic regression model was applied to study the impact of MS or its components on CKD or its components. The age and sex standardized prevalence of MS by ATPIII, ATPIII-modified and IDF criteria was 11.77% (11.13%-12.40%), 21.51% (20.69%-22.34%) and 16.67% (15.92-17.42)% respectively. Multivariate logistic regression models showed that MS and its components were associated with higher CKD prevalence. The risk for CKD and its components increased with the number of MS components. After adjusting for hypertension and diabetes, the odds ratios of MS for CKD decreased, but remained significantly more than 1 between 1.16(95%CI 1.07-1.26) and 1.37 (95% CI 1.25-1.50) across the different models. Similar results were found with albuminuria, while for decreased eGFR, after adjusting for hypertension and diabetes, the odds ratios of MS and MS components (except elevated TG) became insignificant. In conclusion, MS is prevalent and associated with a higher prevalence of CKD. Different MS components are associated with different risks for CKD, even after adjusting for hypertension and diabetes, which may mainly be contributed more by the increased risk for albuminuria than that for decreased eGFR. More attention must be paid to the population with MS, including those with elevated blood pressure and serum glucose.
Serum galectin-9 levels are elevated in the patients with type 2 diabetes and chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Galectin-9 (Gal-9) induces apoptosis in activated T helper 1 (TH1) cells as a ligand for T cell immunoglobulin mucin-3 (Tim-3). Gal-9 also inhibits the G1 phase cell cycle arrest and hypertrophy in db/db mice, the hallmark of early diabetic nephropathy, by reversing the high glucose-induced up-regulation of cyclin dependent kinase inhibitors such as p27(Kip1) and p21(Cip1). METHODS: We investigated the serum levels of Gal-9 in the patients with type 2 diabetes and various stages of chronic kidney disease (CKD) (n=182). RESULTS: Serum Gal-9 levels in the patients with type 2 diabetes were 131.9 ± 105.4 pg/ml and Log(10)Gal-9 levels significantly and positively correlated with age (r=0.227, p=0.002), creatinine (r=0.175, p=0.018), urea nitrogen (r=0.162, p=0.028) and osmotic pressure (r=0.187, p=0.014) and negatively correlated with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (r=-0.188, p=0.011). Log(10)Gal-9 levels increased along with the progression of GFR categories of G1 to G4, and they were statistically significant by Jonckheere-Terpstra test (p=0.012). Log(10)Gal-9 levels remained similar levels in albuminuria stages of A1 to A3. CONCLUSION: The elevation of serum Gal-9 in the patients with type 2 diabetes is closely linked to GFR and they may be related to the alteration of the immune response and inflammation of the patients with type 2 diabetes and CKD.
Elevated serum levels of mannose-binding lectin and diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Inflammation and complement activation initiated by mannose-binding lectin (MBL) may be implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic vascular complications. We investigated serum MBL levels in type 2 diabetes with diabetic nephropathy (DN) and with persistent normoalbuminuria. METHOD: Serum MBL levels were determined in 242 type 2 diabetes with overt nephropathy and 242 type 2 diabetes with persistent normoalbuminuria matched for age, sex, and duration of diabetes, as well as in 100 healthy control subjects. The prediction value of MBL was compared with HbA1c, Hs-CRP and with other known predictors. Multivariate analyses were performed using logistic regression models. RESULTS: The serum MBL levels were significantly higher in diabetes with DN as compared to with persistent normoalbuminuria (P<0.0001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for common factors showed that serum MBL levels≥2950ug/L was an independent indictor of DN (OR=7.55; 95%CI: 3.44-19.04). Based on the ROC curve, the optimal cutoff value of serum MBL levels as an indicator for diagnosis of DN was projected to be 2950ug/L, which yielded a sensitivity of 77.2% and a specificity of 80.8%, with the area under the curve at 0.809 (95%CI, 0.769-0.848). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggested that MBL may be involved in the pathogenesis of DN in type 2 diabetes, and that determination of MBL status might be used to identify patients at increased risk of developing nephropathy complications.
Identification and Stratification of Diabetic Kidney Disease Using Serum Cystatin C and Serum Creatinine Based Estimating Equations in Type 2 Diabetes: A Comparative Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Cystatin C is a low molecular weight protein produced by all nucleated human cells, with a stable production rate. Its levels are not influenced by inflammation, infections, hepatic or renal diseases, or by dietary or constitutional factors. We compared serum cystatin C and serum creatinine based predicting equations to estimate glomerular filteration rate (GFR) in type 2 diabetes mellitus, using the staging of chronic kidney disease (CKD) defined by the National Kidney Foundation. We also explored the relationship of urine albumin, GFR, serum creatinine and cystatin C concentrations. METHODS: : A cross-sectional study was performed at a tertiary care hospital in New Delhi. Consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus above the age of 35 years were enrolled. Fasting and 2-hour-postprandial blood glucose, fasting lipid profile, lipoprotein(a), haemoglobin, microalbuminuria, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), liver and renal function tests were assessed. Serum levels of Cystatin C were measured using immune-turbidometric method (Dade Behring analyzer BN2). Estimated GFR (eGFR) was calculated using Cockcroft-Gault formula, Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) and Chronic Kidney Disease-Epidemiology (CKD-EPI) Cys C formula. The three sets of eGFR were compared using repeated measure ANOVA. Linear regression analysis was performed to find the factor that affects the albumin excretion rate (AER) and e-GFR levels using all three equations. RESULTS: We assessed 172 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mean age of the patients was 61.4 ± 9.6 years with mean duration of diabetes of 11.40 ± 7.5 years. Approximately 70% of patients had hypertension. A family history of diabetes was present in 53.4% of subjects and a history of CAD in first degree relatives in 20.9%. The prevalence of coronary artery disease was 17.4%. Albumin excretion correlated with e-GFR estimated using each of the three equations. The best correlation was seen with the CKD-EPI equation derived e-GFR. The CKD-EPI equation also identified the maximum number of patients in the normo-albuminuria group as having CKD. Albuminuria correlated with blood urea levels (p = 0.014) and serum cystatin C levels (p < 0.005). CONCLUSION: The new cystatin C based Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology equation identifies more patients in early CKD and also patients with normo-albuminuric CKD compared to the creatinine based Cockcroft-Gault equation or the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formulae.
Expression of Endothelial Cell Injury Marker Cd146 Correlates with Disease Severity and Predicts the Renal Outcomes in Patients with Diabetic Nephropathy.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Glomerular endothelial cell injury plays a crucial role in the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). CD146, an endothelial marker, was shown to increase in chronic kidney disease (CKD), but its role in DN remains unknown. We aim to assess whether CD146 could be used to evaluate disease severity and predict renal outcomes in DN at early stages. METHODS: 159 non-dialysis type 2-DN patients from 2008 to 2015 were enrolled to measure the plasma concentration of soluble CD146 (sCD146). 94 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients without DN and 100 healthy subjects were used as controls. The patients with CKD stage 1-3 were referred as early stage patients. Another independent cohort of 48 patients with biopsy-proved DN was used for the immunohistochemistry study of CD146. Renal outcomes were defined as doubling of serum creatinine, initiation of renal replacement therapy or death. RESULTS: We found that plasma level of sCD146 was upregulated and associated with renal function in DN patients. sCD146 was proved to be a more optimal marker than urine albumin creatinine ratio to evaluate disease severity in these DN patients. The kidney expression of CD146 was co-localized with endothelial marker CD31 and increased in DN. CD146 staining in kidney was correlated with the severity of pathological changes in DN patients. Survival analysis suggested that both plasma and biopsy expression of CD146 were correlated with renal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: CD146 is associated with kidney injury and could be a good marker to predict renal outcomes in patients with early stages of DN.
Carotid intima-media thickness is an independent predictor of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular morbidity in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 and chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Intima-Media-Thickness of the carotid artery wall (cIMT) is a strong predictor of cardiovascular (CV) disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the significance of cIMT as an independent prognostic factor for CV morbidity and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2). METHODS: The study included 142 diabetic patients in different stages of CKD. Patients were categorized into two groups according to low (≤0.86 mm) or high cIMT (>0.86 mm), respectively. CV events and death from all causes were registered during a seven-year follow-up. RESULTS: Mean age, BMI and duration of diabetes were 68 years (range: 45-90), >30 kg/m(2) and 15 years (range: 5-40), respectively. Patients with increased cIMT were older, suffered from a lower estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), peripheral atherosclerosis and plaque presence in either carotid artery. Increased BMI (beta= -0.29, p = .01), lower eGFR (beta = 0.353, p = .003) and male gender (beta= -0.339, p = .005) were found to predict increased cIMT. Predictors of all-cause mortality in Cox proportional hazard models were low eGFR and high cIMT with HR = 0.96 (CI = 0.94-0.98), p < .001 and HR = 2.9 (CI = 1.03-7.99), p = .04, respectively. The risk of future CV event was determined by albuminuria and cIMT with HR = 1 (CI = 1.0-1.0), p < .001 and HR = 2.04 (CI = 1.1-3.78), p = .02, respectively. Patients with high cIMT presented significantly higher all-cause mortality and a new CV event (p = .005/p = .018, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: cIMT is a strong and independent predictor of CV morbidity and mortality, and should be considered a valuable tool for the stratification of CV risk in patients with CKD and DM2.
Soluble Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor Type 1 Levels Exhibit A Stronger Association With Renal Outcomes Than Traditional Risk Factors in Chinese Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Associations between albuminuria and renal outcomes are inconsistent in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor type 1 (sTNFR1) is involved in declined kidney function and poor renal outcomes but this has not been confirmed among Chinese T2D patients. This study aimed to examine the association of sTNFR1 and renal outcomes in a cohort of these patients. METHODS: Two hundred and eighty-three Chinese T2D patients were enrolled in a prospective observational study which excluded individuals with estimated glomerular filtration rates (eGFR) <30 mL/min/1.73m(2). Composite renal outcomes included either or both a >30% decline in eGFR and worsening albuminuria from consecutive tests of blood/urine during a 3.5-year follow-up. RESULTS: Higher sTNFR1 levels were associated with impaired renal outcomes. sTNFR1 levels of ≥979 pg/mL yielded the most sensitivity and specific predictions of renal outcomes according to the receiver operating curve (area under the curve 0.68, P<.001; sensitivity 78.3%, specificity 48.9%). Renal events occurred more frequently in subjects with sTNFR1 ≥979 pg/mL than in others (sTNFR1 <979 pg/mL; 29% versus 10%; P<.001 by log-rank test). The association between sTNFR1 ≥979 pg/mL and renal outcomes remained significant after adjustment for relevant covariates (adjusted hazard ratio 2.43, 95% confidence interval 1.18 to 5.02; P = .01) and consistent across subgroups stratified by age, sex, blood pressure, eGFR, albuminuria, and the use of renin-angiotensin system inhibitors. CONCLUSION: Increased sTNFR1 levels were associated with renal outcomes in Chinese T2D subjects, making sTNFR1 a potential biomarker in diabetic kidney disease.
Zinc alpha 2 glycoprotein as an early biomarker of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Although microalbuminuria remains the gold standard for early detection of diabetic nephropathy (DN), it is not a sufficiently accurate predictor of DN risk. Thus, new biomarkers that would help to predict DN risk earlier and possibly prevent the occurrence of end-stage kidney disease are being investigated. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the role of zinc-alpha-2-glycoprotein (ZAG) as an early marker of DN in type 2 diabetic (T2DM) patients. METHODS: 88 persons were included and classified into 4 groups: Control group (group I), composed of normal healthy volunteers, and three patient groups with type 2 diabetes mellitus divided into: normo-albuminuria group (group II), subdivided into normal eGFR subgroup and increased eGFR subgroup > 120 mL/min/1.73m2), microalbuminuria group (group III), and macroalbuminuria group (group IV). All subjects were submitted to urine analysis, blood glucose levels, HbA1c, liver function tests, serum creatinine, uric acid, lipid profile and calculation of eGFR, urinary albumin creatinine ratio (UACR), and measurement of urinary and serum ZAG. RESULTS: The levels of serum and urine ZAG were higher in patients with T2DM compared to control subjects and a statistically significant difference among studied groups regarding serum and urinary ZAG was found. Urine ZAG levels were positively correlated with UACR. Both ZAG levels were negatively correlated with eGFR. Urine ZAG levels in the eGFR ˃ 120 mL/min/1.73m2 subgroup were higher than that in the normal eGFR subgroup. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that urine and serum ZAG might be useful as early biomarkers for detection of DN in T2DM patients, detectable earlier than microalbuminuria.
Accuracy of glomerular filtration rate estimation using creatinine and cystatin C for identifying and monitoring moderate chronic kidney disease: the eGFR-C study.; BACKGROUND: Estimation of glomerular filtration rate using equations based on creatinine is widely used to manage chronic kidney disease. In the UK, the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration creatinine equation is recommended. Other published equations using cystatin C, an alternative marker of kidney function, have not gained widespread clinical acceptance. Given higher cost of cystatin C, its clinical utility should be validated before widespread introduction into the NHS. OBJECTIVES: Primary objectives were to: (1) compare accuracy of glomerular filtration rate equations at baseline and longitudinally in people with stage 3 chronic kidney disease, and test whether accuracy is affected by ethnicity, diabetes, albuminuria and other characteristics; (2) establish the reference change value for significant glomerular filtration rate changes; (3) model disease progression; and (4) explore comparative cost-effectiveness of kidney disease monitoring strategies. DESIGN: A longitudinal, prospective study was designed to: (1) assess accuracy of glomerular filtration rate equations at baseline (n = 1167) and their ability to detect change over 3 years (n = 875); (2) model disease progression predictors in 278 individuals who received additional measurements; (3) quantify glomerular filtration rate variability components (n = 20); and (4) develop a measurement model analysis to compare different monitoring strategy costs (n = 875). SETTING: Primary, secondary and tertiary care. PARTICIPANTS: Adults (≥ 18 years) with stage 3 chronic kidney disease. INTERVENTIONS: Estimated glomerular filtration rate using the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equations. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measured glomerular filtration rate was the reference against which estimating equations were compared with accuracy being expressed as P30 (percentage of values within 30% of reference) and progression (variously defined) studied as sensitivity/specificity. A regression model of disease progression was developed and differences for risk factors estimated. Biological variation components were measured and the reference change value calculated. Comparative costs of monitoring with different estimating equations modelled over 10 years were calculated. RESULTS: Accuracy (P30) of all equations was ≥ 89.5%: the combined creatinine-cystatin equation (94.9%) was superior (p < 0.001) to other equations. Within each equation, no differences in P30 were seen across categories of age, gender, diabetes, albuminuria, body mass index, kidney function level and ethnicity. All equations showed poor (< 63%) sensitivity for detecting patients showing kidney function decline crossing clinically significant thresholds (e.g. a 25% decline in function). Consequently, the additional cost of monitoring kidney function annually using a cystatin C-based equation could not be justified (incremental cost per patient over 10 years = £43.32). Modelling data showed association between higher albuminuria and faster decline in measured and creatinine-estimated glomerular filtration rate. Reference change values for measured glomerular filtration rate (%, positive/negative) were 21.5/-17.7, with lower reference change values for estimated glomerular filtration rate. LIMITATIONS: Recruitment of people from South Asian and African-Caribbean backgrounds was below the study target. FUTURE WORK: Prospective studies of the value of cystatin C as a risk marker in chronic kidney disease should be undertaken. CONCLUSIONS: Inclusion of cystatin C in glomerular filtration rate-estimating equations marginally improved accuracy but not detection of disease progression. Our data do not support cystatin C use for monitoring of glomerular filtration rate in stage 3 chronic kidney disease. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered as ISRCTN42955626. FUNDING: This award was funded by the National Institute for Health and Care Research (NIHR) Health Technology Assessment programme (NIHR award ref: 11/103/01) and is published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 28, No. 35. See the NIHR Funding and Awards website for further award information.
Association of Serum Amyloid A with Kidney Outcomes and All-Cause Mortality in American Indians with Type 2 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Serum amyloid A (SAA) induces inflammation and apoptosis in kidney cells and is found to be causing the pathologic changes that are associated with diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Higher serum SAA concentrations were previously associated with increased risk of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and death in persons with type 2 diabetes and advanced DKD. We explored the prognostic value of SAA in American Indians with type 2 diabetes without DKD or with early DKD. METHODS: SAA concentration was measured in serum samples obtained at the start of follow-up. Multivariate proportional hazards models were employed to examine the magnitude of the risk of ESRD or death across tertiles of SAA concentration after adjustment for traditional risk factors. The C statistic was used to assess the additional predictive value of SAA relative to traditional risk factors. RESULTS: Of 256 participants (mean ± SD glomerular filtration rate [iothalamate] = 148 ± 45 mL/min, and median [interquartile range] urine albumin/creatinine = 39 [14-221] mg/g), 76 developed ESRD and 125 died during a median follow-up period of 15.2 and 15.7 years, respectively. After multivariable proportional hazards regression, participants in the 2 highest SAA tertiles together exhibited a 53% lower risk of ESRD (hazard ratio [HR] 0.47, 95% CI 0.29-0.78), and a 30% lower risk of death (HR 0.70, 95% CI 0.48-1.02), compared with participants in the lowest SAA tertile, although the lower risk of death was not statistically significant. Addition of SAA to the ESRD model increased the C statistic from 0.814 to 0.815 (p = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Higher circulating SAA concentration is associated with a reduced risk of ESRD in American Indians with type 2 diabetes.
Validity of biomarkers predicting onset or progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes: a systematic review.; Novel biomarkers predicting onset or progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes have been recently identified. We performed a systematic review to assess the validity of biomarkers predicting onset or progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes in longitudinal studies. The methodological quality of the studies was scored using Standards for Reporting of Diagnostic Accuracy (STARD) criteria and the independent predictive value of the biomarkers beyond conventional risk factors was scored according to the adjustment for these risk factors. Validity of the biomarkers was determined by summarizing the methodological quality and the adjustment score. We identified 15 studies describing 27 biomarkers. Six studies had sufficient methodological quality. These studies identified 13 valid and significant markers for nephropathy in diabetes: serum interleukin 18, plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine; and urinary ceruloplasmin, immunoglobulin G and transferrin were considered valid markers predicting onset of nephropathy. Plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, interleukin 6, von Willebrand factor and intercellular cell adhesion molecule 1 were considered valid biomarkers predicting progression of nephropathy. Plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, E-selectin, tissue-type plasminogen activator, von Willebrand factor and triglycerides were considered valid markers predicting onset and progression of nephropathy. Several novel biomarkers for prediction of nephropathy in diabetes have been published, which can potentially be applied in clinical practice and research in future. Because of the heterogeneous quality of biomarker studies in this field, a more rigorous evaluation of these biomarkers and validation in larger trials are advocated.
Urinary Haptoglobin Predicts Rapid Renal Function Decline in Asians With Type 2 Diabetes and Early Kidney Disease.; CONTEXT: A recent study suggested that urinary haptoglobin may be a novel biomarker to improve predictive performance of albuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, the finding has not been externally validated. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate whether urinary haptoglobin improves predictive performance of albuminuria in Asian T2DM with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 30 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) or greater. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a prospective study with 269 T2DM nonprogressors (eGFR changes 0.2 [-0.7 to 1.0] mL/min per 1.73 m(2) per y) and 153 T2DM progressors (eGFR decline -7.1 [-10.6 to -5.1] mL/min per 1.73 m(2) per y) included. MAIN OUTCOME: The main outcome was an eGFR decline of 3 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) or greater per year by trajectory slope. RESULTS: Urinary haptoglobin level increased 11-fold in progressors as compared with nonprogressors at baseline. In comparison with subjects in the lowest quartile, those with haptoglobin in the third and fourth quartiles had 2.25- (1.11-4.59) and 5.41 (2.63-11.1)-fold increased odds for renal progression, whereas those with an albuminuria level in the third and fourth quartiles had 2.53- (1.17-5.51) and 9.01 (4.00-20.5)-fold increased odds. Notably, urinary haptoglobin predicted renal progression independent of albuminuria. Addition of haptoglobin significantly improved the predictive performance of albuminuria beyond traditional risk factors as reflected by a significant increase in the net reclassification index and integrated discrimination index. In the chronic kidney disease stage 3 subpopulation, urinary haptoglobin outperformed albuminuria for the prediction of rapid renal function decline. CONCLUSIONS: Our data confirmed that urinary haptoglobin may improve the predictive performance of albuminuria for renal progression in Asians with T2DM. Moreover, it may potentially outperform albuminuria for the prediction of rapid renal function decline in the T2DM chronic kidney disease stage 3 subpopulation.
Elevated urinary N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase is associated with high glycoalbumin-to-hemoglobin A1c ratio in type 1 diabetes patients with early diabetic kidney disease.; Urinary N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase (uNAG) predicted the progression of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) prior to development of albuminuria in diabetes patients. We sought whether uNAG level is associated with glycoalbumin-to-hemoglobin A1c ratio (G/A ratio), a marker of postprandial hyperglycemia and glycemic excursion, independent of albuminuria and kidney function. The association between uNAG excretion and G/A ratio was assessed in 204 consecutive subjects with type 1 diabetes (T1D) (mean age 43.9 years; 49.0% men). uNAG excretion level increased along with older age, hyperglycemia, and degree of albuminuria, but was not correlated with body mass index or estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Elevated uNAG showed robust association with higher G/A ratio (adjusted β = 0.103, P = 0.020) after adjustment for age, sex, body mass index, duration of diabetes, uACR, angiotensin blockers use, fasting plasma glucose, and hemoglobin level. uNAG showed better discriminatory performance for individuals with high G/A ratio than albuminuria (AUC 0.613 vs. 0.518, P = 0.038). Measurement of uNAG improved AUC for high G/A ratio from 0.699 to 0.748 (P = 0.043) when added to conventional risk factors (cutoff 5.24 U/g creatinine; sensitivity 62.5% and specificity 58.0%). In conclusion, Elevated uNAG was found to be associated with high G/A ratio in patients with T1D with early stage DKD, independent of age and albuminuria.
Therapeutic effects of angiotensin II inhibition or blockade on the progression of chronic renal disease.; Experimental and clinical research has supported the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) in diabetic, hypertensive and proteinuric nephropathies. This review will evaluate the role of angiotensin II in the progression of renal damage in kidney diseases; the diagnostic value of microalbuminuria as an early clinical sign of renal damage and the possibility of preventing its further progression; the clinical results obtained with ACE inhibitors and/or ARBs in diabetic and non-diabetic nephropathies; and the therapeutic possibilities of ACE inhibitors and ARBs in renal transplantation. Based on available clinical data, ACE inhibitors can be considered to be the gold standard in reducing and/or preventing albuminuria, and thereby decreasing the percentage of patients who will progress to end-stage renal disease and death. Renal transplantation and chronic allograft nephropathy appear to be a promising field for the use of ACE inhibitors and ARBs.
Prediction of new onset of end stage renal disease in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus - a population-based retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Since diabetes mellitus (DM) is the leading cause of end stage renal disease (ESRD), this study aimed to develop a 5-year ESRD risk prediction model among Chinese patients with Type 2 DM (T2DM) in primary care. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on 149,333 Chinese adult T2DM primary care patients without ESRD in 2010. Using the derivation cohort over a median of 5 years follow-up, the gender-specific models including the interaction effect between predictors and age were derived using Cox regression with a forward stepwise approach. Harrell's C-statistic and calibration plot were applied to the validation cohort to assess discrimination and calibration of the models. RESULTS: Prediction models showed better discrimination with Harrell's C-statistics of 0.866 (males) and 0.862 (females) and calibration power from the plots than other established models. The predictors included age, usages of anti-hypertensive drugs, anti-glucose drugs, and Hemogloblin A1c, blood pressure, urine albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Specific predictors for male were smoking and presence of sight threatening diabetic retinopathy while additional predictors for female included longer duration of diabetes and quadratic effect of body mass index. Interaction factors with age showed a greater weighting of insulin and urine ACR in younger males, and eGFR in younger females. CONCLUSIONS: Our newly developed gender-specific models provide a more accurate 5-year ESRD risk predictions for Chinese diabetic primary care patients than other existing models. The models included several modifiable risk factors that clinicians can use to counsel patients, and to target at in the delivery of care to patients.
Plasma high-sensitivity troponin T predicts end-stage renal disease and cardiovascular and all-cause mortality in patients with type 1 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy.; High-sensitivity troponin T (hsTnT) is a marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and in type 2 diabetes also a marker of renal events, but has not been evaluated in type 1 diabetics. We therefore reviewed a type 1 diabetes cohort of 442 without and 458 with diabetic nephropathy. Baseline samples were analyzed for hsTnT levels. Cox regression analyses assessed predictive value in relation to the development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) in 99 patients, all-cause mortality in 178, and CVD events in 134 after up to 12 years of follow-up. To assess if hsTnT improved risk prediction beyond traditional clinical risk markers, we calculated c statistics and relative integrated discrimination improvement. HsTnT was significantly higher in patients with diabetic nephropathy compared to normoalbuminuria (median 8.9 vs 3.1 ng/L). For a doubling in hsTnT levels, and after adjustment for well-known risk factors, including NT-proBNP and hsCRP, the hazard ratio for ESRD at 1.26 was not significant in the diabetic nephropathy group, but there was a significant association with GFR decline after adjustment during follow-up (2.9 ml/min/1.73 m(2) annual decline per doubling in hsTnT). The unadjusted and adjusted hazard ratios for mortality (1.64 and 1.32, respectively) were significant in patients with, but not for patients without, nephropathy. Adjusted hazard ratios for fatal and non-fatal CVD events were significant for the whole cohort (1.13), and those with nephropathy (1.14), but not significant for normoalbuminuria (1.06). Addition of hsTNT to traditional risk factors significantly increased the area under the curve by 0.01 in a receiver-operating characteristic curve for mortality. The relative integrated discrimination improvement was increased 15.7% for mortality, 6.3% for CVD, and 1.9% for ESRD (all significant). Thus, higher hsTnT is an independent predictor of renal decline and cardiovascular events in patients with type 1 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy.
Prediction of microalbuminuria by analysing total urine protein-to-creatinine ratio in diabetic nephropathy patients in rural Sri Lanka.; INTRODUCTION: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major complication of diabetes mellitus and it contributes to increased hospital mortality and morbidity. Microalbumin test is used to identify the first sign of deteriorating kidney function but it is an expensive test. Alternatively, measurement of urine total protein-to-creatinine ratio (TPCR) is a simple and inexpensive method. OBJECTIVE: To find whether the urine TPCR can predict the presence of microalbuminuria in patients with diabetic nephropathy. METHOD: A cross sectional study was performed on 216 patients with diabetes mellitus at General Hospital, Ampara over a period of 4 weeks. Urine albumin, urine creatinine and urine total protein were analysed on first voided urine samples and urine albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) and total-protein-to-creatinine ratio were calculated. Regression analysis and Spearman’s rank correlation were used to study the linear relationship between two variables. RESULTS: Among 216 patients, 56 (26.1%) were males and 160 (73.9%) were females. The mean urine total-protein-to-creatinine ratio was 89.3 ± 231.6 mg/g and albumin to creatinine ratio was 43.1±76.3 mg/g. Sixty four (29%) patients were newly detected as having microalbuminuria (n=61; 28%,) or macroalbuminuria (n=3; 1%,). There was a significant correlation between urine total-protein-to-creatinine ratio and urine albumin to creatinine ratio (R2 = 0.824, ACR = [TPCR + 18.421]/ 2.5026) in the total sample (p < 0.001). The total-protein-to-creatinine ratio showed a significant correlation with urine albumin to creatinine ratio in the range of microalbuminuria (30-300 mg/g creatinine) (R2 = 0.798; p < 0.001). The regression equation was ACR = [TPCR – 5.0491]/1.2633. CONCLUSION: The urine total-protein-to-creatinine ratio showed a positive significant correlation with urine albumin to creatinine ratio, which is clinically important to identify early stage of diabetic nephropathy. This can be used in rural areas as it is inexpensive.
High prevalence of chronic kidney disease in population-based patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in downtown Shanghai.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and the risk factors associated with CKD among Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes aged over 30 in downtown Shanghai and to assess the relationship between CKD and diabetic retinopathy (DR). METHODS: We investigated 1039 Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes aged over 30 by randomized cluster sampling in downtown Shanghai, and 1009 patients in this study were analyzed based on data integrity. Body measurements including height, weight, waist circumference and hip circumference, resting blood pressure, fasting blood measures, and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR), as well as the digitally stored fundus images, were investigated. Glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was estimated using the Cockcroft-Gault equation. The prevalence of CKD was calculated, and the risk factors associated with CKD were evaluated using stepwise logistic regression. The relationship between CKD and DR was evaluated using Spearman correlation and the chi-square test. RESULTS: The following were the results found in this study: (a) The prevalence rate of CKD (Stages 1-5) was 63.9% in Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, 8.8% in those with CKD Stage 1, 22.3% in those with CKD Stage 2, and 32.8% in those with CKD Stages 3-5 (GFR<60 ml/min/1.73 m(2)). The prevalence of CKD increased with age. (b) CKD patients were older and had higher duration of diabetes, systolic blood pressure, urea nitrogen, uric acid, creatinine, and ACR of the first urine than those without CKD. (c) Male patients had a higher percentage of CKD Stages 3-5, and female patients had a higher percentage of CKD Stages 1-2. (d) CKD was significantly associated with duration of diabetes, older age, systolic blood pressure, and serum urea nitrogen based on logistic regression analysis. (e) Of the patients without CKD, 15.6% had DR, and of those with CKD, 27.6% had DR. The decrease in GFR was significantly correlated with DR after controlling for sex, age, and albuminuria staging. CONCLUSION: The high prevalence of CKD observed in Chinese patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes aged over 30 in downtown Shanghai was similar to that in Western patients, and the cause of CKD is likely to be any of the following: type 2 diabetes, IgA nephropathy, hypertension, or any combination of these. The screening program for GFR in type 2 diabetic patients should be performed even on those with normoalbuminuria. The decrease in GFR might predict the occurrence of DR among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.
Serum albumin as predictor of nutritional status in patients with ESRD.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Serum albumin is a widely used biomarker of nutritional status in patients with CKD; however, its usefulness is debated. This study investigated serum albumin and its correlation with several markers of nutritional status in incident and prevalent dialysis patients. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: In a cross sectional study, serum albumin (bromocresol purple), and other biochemical (serum creatinine), clinical (subjective global assessment [SGA]), anthropometric (handgrip strength, skinfold thicknesses), and densitometric (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry) markers of nutritional status were assessed in 458 incident (61% male; mean age 54 +/- 13 years; GFR, 6.6 +/-2.3 ml/min per 1.73 m(2); recruited 1994–2010) and 383 prevalent (56% male; mean age 62 +/- 14 years; recruited 1989–2004) dialysis patients. RESULTS: In incident patients: serum albumin was correlated with sex (beta = -0.13; P = 0.02), diabetes mellitus (beta = -0.18; P = 0.004), and urinary albumin excretion (beta = -0.42; P = 0.001) but less so with poor nutritional status (SGA score >1; beta = -0.19; P = 0.001). In prevalent patients, serum albumin was correlated with age (beta = -0.14; P = 0.05), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (beta = -0.34; P = 0.001), diabetes mellitus (beta = -0.11; P = 0.04), and SGA score >1 (beta = -0.14; P = 0.003). In predicting nutritional status assessed by SGA and other markers, adding serum albumin to models that included age, sex, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease did not significantly increase explanatory power. CONCLUSIONS: In incident and prevalent dialysis patients,serum albumin correlates poorly with several markers of nutritional status. Thus, its value as a reliable marker of nutritional status in patients with ESRD is limited. In addition, the following inconsistencies between the main text and Tables 1 and 3 are also corrected as follows. (1) In Table 1, the GFR initially written as 6 +/- 3 ml/min per 1.73(2) should be corrected to 6.6 +/- 2.3 ml/min per 1.73(2). (2) On line 11 of page 1448, under the Clinical Correlates of Serum Albumin Concentration section describing the multiple regression models (Table 3), the P value was initially written as“serum albumin was associated with age (beta = -0.14; P = 0.05).” The P value should be corrected to have the same value as that given in Table 3 (beta = -0.14; P = 0.005. [corrected].
Screening and treatment of diabetic nephropathy by primary care physicians.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the practices of Indiana primary care physicians related to diabetic nephropathy screening and management. DESIGN: Cross-sectional, observational. SETTING: The state of Indiana. PARTICIPANTS: Active primary care physicians (defined as general internists, family practitioners, and general practitioners) in Indiana who provided care for diabetic patients at the time of the survey (n = 1,018) MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Practice patterns relevant to microalbuminuria and overt albuminuria screening and management were assessed along two dimensions: the percentage of patients to whom the practices were applied and the frequency with which the practices were performed. Of 1,141 physicians who responded to the survey, 1,018 were eligible for analysis. Eighty-six percent of physicians reported screening more than half of their patients with type 1 diabetes for overt albuminuria, as did 82% of physicians for their patients with type 2 diabetes. Only 17% of physicians indicated performing microalbuminuria testing on more than half of their type 1 patients. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor agents were used frequently to treat abnormal urinary albumin excretion when hypertension was present, but less often when hypertension was absent. Physician specialty, year of graduation from medical school, practice location, and familiarity with the results of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial were significant predictors of screening and treatment practice patterns. CONCLUSIONS: Primary care physicians report practices that allow them to detect overt albuminuria but not microalbuminuria. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors are frequently used by physicians who test for microalbuminuria, but efforts to increase the detection of early renal damage are needed so that these agents and other therapeutic strategies may be employed at the earliest opportunity.
Red Blood Cell Distribution Width is Associated with Glomerulonephritis in Diabetic Patients with Albuminuria.; BACKGROUND The aim of this study was to explore predictive factors to inform accurate diagnosis of glomerulonephritis (GNs) in patients with diabetes. MATERIAL AND METHODS Clinical characteristics and laboratory data were retrospectively analyzed from 200 patients with diabetes including 115 patients who had undergone a renal biopsy. Eligible patients were categorized into three groups: pure type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), isolated diabetic nephropathy (DN), and GN. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated to evaluate the contributions of predictive factors for GN. A receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was created to obtain cut-off values for predictive factors for GNs and investigate their corresponding predictive accuracy. RESULTS Red cell distribution width (RDW) was significantly higher in the GN group than in the DN group. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that baseline RDW level (OR=1.988, 95% CI=1.237~3.194, P=0.005) was an independent predictive factor for development of GNs. CONCLUSIONS Increased RDW levels are independently associated with a greater risk of GN in patients with diabetes who have albuminuria, and may be an additional valuable and noninvasive predictive tool for differentiating GNs and DN.
Arteriolar Hyalinosis Predicts Increase in Albuminuria and GFR Decline in Normo- and Microalbuminuric Japanese Patients With Type 2 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the association between renal histology, as assessed by morphometric analysis using light (LM) and electron (EM) microscopy, and changes in urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in Japanese people with type 2 diabetes in the early stages of diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed percutaneous renal biopsies in 29 patients with type 2 diabetes (22 men, mean ± SD age 49 ± 10 years and GFR 119 ± 27 mL/min/1.73 m(2), with 15 normoalbuminuric [UAE <20 μg/min] and 14 microalbuminuric [UAE 20-200 μg/min]) to clarify which histological factors were associated with changes in UAE and GFR during 8.0 ± 3.5 years' follow-up. Glomerular structural changes including mesangial volume fraction [Vv(Mes/glom)] were estimated using EM, whereas the index of arteriolar hyalinosis (IAH) score was assessed by LM. Patients underwent annual measurement of GFR using iohexol injection with simultaneous urine collections for UAE. RESULTS: Vv(Mes/glom) was negatively correlated with baseline and follow-up GFR but not with UAE. The IAH score was positively correlated with UAE and negatively correlated with GFR at follow-up, but it was not correlated with either UAE or GFR at baseline. GFR at follow-up was significantly decreased from baseline in patients with IAH scores ≥2.0 and significantly lower than in patients with IAH scores <2.0. Patients with IAH scores <2.0 showed no significant change in GFR during follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Arteriolar hyalinosis is an additional histological predictor for albuminuria increase and GFR decline in normo- and microalbuminuric Japanese people with type 2 diabetes.
FGF-23 as a predictor of renal outcome in diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) has emerged as a new factor in mineral metabolism in chronic kidney disease (CKD). An important regulator of phosphorus homeostasis, FGF-23 has been shown to independently predict CKD progression in nondiabetic renal disease. We analyzed the relation between FGF-23 and renal outcome in diabetic nephropathy (DN). DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: DN patients participating in a clinical trial (enalapril+placebo versus enalapril+losartan) had baseline data collected and were followed until June 2009 or until the primary outcome was reached. Four patients were lost to follow-up. The composite primary outcome was defined as death, doubling of serum creatinine, and/or dialysis need. RESULTS: At baseline, serum FGF-23 showed a significant association with serum creatinine, intact parathyroid hormone, proteinuria, urinary fractional excretion of phosphate, male sex, and race. Interestingly, FGF-23 was not related to calcium, phosphorus, 25OH-vitamin D, or 24-hour urinary phosphorus. Mean follow-up time was 30.7±10 months. Cox regression showed that FGF-23 was an independent predictor of the primary outcome, even after adjustment for creatinine clearance and intact parathyroid hormone (10 pg/ml FGF-23 increase = hazard ratio, 1.09; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.16, P=0.02). Finally, Kaplan-Meier analysis showed a significantly higher risk of the primary outcome in patients with FGF-23 values of >70 pg/ml. CONCLUSIONS: FGF-23 is a significant independent predictor of renal outcome in patients with macroalbuminuric DN. Further studies should clarify whether this relation is causal and whether FGF-23 should be a new therapeutic target for CKD prevention.
"Normoalbuminuric" diabetic nephropathy: tubular damage and NGAL.; The aim of this study was to demonstrate that neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) increased before the onset of microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), representing an important biochemical parameter with high sensitivity and specificity to make a precocious diagnosis of "normoalbuminuric" diabetic nephropathy (DN). Serum NGAL (sNGAL) and urinary NGAL (uNGAL) levels were evaluated in a cohort of fifty patients affected by T1DM. They had no signs of clinical nephropathy. Thirty-five healthy subjects (HS) were recruited. sNGAL levels were significantly higher compared with those measured in HS [193.7 (103.2-405.4) vs. 46.4 (39.8-56.2) ng/ml; p < 0.0001], as were uNGAL levels [25.5 (14.2-40.2) vs. 6.5 (2.9-8.5) ng/ml; p < 0.0001]. sNGAL was found to be directly correlated with glycated hemoglobin. uNGAL also positively correlated with albuminuria, whereas an inverse correlation was found with uric acid. After multivariate analysis, significance was maintained for the correlation between uNGAL and microalbuminuria. In ROC analysis, sNGAL showed a good diagnostic profile such as uNGAL. NGAL increases in patients with T1DM, even before diagnosis of microalbuminuria representing an early biomarker of "normoalbuminuric" DN with a good sensitivity and specificity. NGAL measurement could be useful for the evaluation of early renal involvement in the course of diabetes.
Is Uric Acid elevation a random finding or a causative agent of diabetic nephropathy?; OBJECTIVE: In this study, we aimed to analyze the relationship between serum uric acid (UA) and microalbuminuria as a marker of renal injury in type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A total of 100 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were enrolled in the study. Participants were divided into two groups according to the urinary microalbumin/creatinine ratio: diabetic nephropathy and non-nephropathy group. UA and microalbuminuria were compared between the study groups. RESULTS: Serum UA levels of diabetic nephropathy patients were significantly higher than those in the non-nephropathy group (UA in patients with diabetic nephropathy groups: 6.3 (1.82) mg/dl, UA in patients of the non-nephropathic group: 4.85 (1.92) mg/dl) (p<0.001). There was a correlation between microalbuminuria and UA (r=0.238). This correlation was statistically significant (p=0.017). CONCLUSION: UA levels may be an important predictor of nephropathy in diabetic patients.
Association between red blood cell distribution and renal function in patients with untreated type 2 diabetes mellitus.; We assessed whether red cell distribution width (RDW) is associated with microalbuminuria (MAU) in a group of 320 patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), recruited in Zhengzhou. Patients were divided into normal group and MAU group. Compared with the normal group, the patients with MAU had higher red blood cell count (p = 0.005) and RDW (p < 0.001). The multiple logistic regression indicated that RDW (OR = 3.89, 95% CI: 1.98-7.66, p < 0.001) was an independent risk factor of MAU in newly diagnosed T2DM. Other factors include smoking (OR = 4.44, 95% CI: 2.90-8.72, p < 0.001), higher waist index (OR = 2.17, 95% CI: 1.89-5.26, p = 0.002), FBG level (OR = 2.05, 95% CI: 1.21-3.84, p = 0.008) and uric acid level (OR = 2.18, 95% CI: 1.05-4.52, p = 0.037). The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves explored the relationship between MAU and RDW. The area under the curve was 0.79 (95% CI: 0.74-0.84; p < 0.001). Using a cut-off point of 12.8, the RDW predicted MAU in the T2DM patients with a sensitivity of 71.3% and specificity of 66.9%. RDW may be independently associated with MAU in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM. RDW may be treated as effective predictive index in the evaluation of diabetes nephropathy or diabetes-associated complications.
Relationship between serum level of miR-338-3p and miR-105-3p and bone metabolic markers in patients with diabetes nephropathy.; OBJECTIVES: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one of the most common and serious complications of diabetes. The purpose of this study was to explore the relationship between serum microRNA-338-3p (miR-338-3p) and miR-105-3p and bone metabolic markers in patients with DN at different stages. METHODS: A total of 153 patients diagnosed and treated in the Department of Nephrology from July 2020 to October 2021 were selected as the study objects. According to the staging criteria of diabetic nephropathy and 24-h urinary albumin quantitative level, the patients were divided into control group (35 cases), microalbuminuria group (37 cases), clinical stage albuminuria group (27 cases) and renal failure group (54 cases). Gene expressions were measured by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR. The correlation was analyzed by Spearman. Serum miR-338-3p and miR-150-5p in the prediction of renal failure in DN was analyzed by ROC curve. RESULTS: The levels of urinary albumin and serum creatinine were markedly increased with the increase of DN stage (p < 0.05). Compared with the microalbuminuria group, the expression levels of serum miR-383-3p, serum miR-105-3p, 25(OH)-D, BGP and PINP were obviously decreased, but the expression of parathyroid hormone (PTH) and type I collagen (β-CTX) was largely increased in clinical proteinuria group (p < 0.05). Compared with the clinical proteinuria group, the expression levels of serum miR-383-3p, serum miR-105-3p, 25(OH)-D, BGP and PINP were largely decreased, but the expression of PTH and β-CTX was obviously increased in the renal failure group (p < 0.05). Spearman correlation results showed that serum expressions of miR-383-3p and miR-105-3p were negatively correlated with PTH and β-CTX, and positively correlated with 25(OH)-D, BGP and PINP (p < 0.05). ROC curve analysis showed that the AUC of serum miR-338-3p and miR-150-5p was 0.896 with the specificity and sensitivity of 96.66% and 73.47%, which had certain predictive value for the occurrence of renal failure in DN. CONCLUSIONS: The expression levels of serum miR-383-3p and miR-105-3p were significantly correlated with bone metabolism markers. The combined test can provide new ideas and insights for the clinical treatment of osteoporosis in DN.
Decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate is associated with risk of end-stage renal disease in type 2 diabetes with macroalbuminuria: an observational study from JDNCS.; BACKGROUND: There is increased interest in surrogate endpoints for clinical trials of chronic kidney disease. METHODS: In this nationwide observational study of 456 patients with type 2 diabetes and clinically suspected diabetic nephropathy followed for a median of 4.2 years, we evaluated the association between estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albuminuria at baseline or during follow-up and risk of ESRD. RESULTS: Low eGFR (<60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) and macroalbuminuria at enrollment were independently associated with risk of ESRD. In patients with macroalbuminuria, both ≤-50% change and -50 to -30% change in eGFR over 1 and 2 years were predictive of ESRD. The higher cut point (≥50% decline in eGFR) was more strongly predictive but less common. Remission of macroalbuminuria to normo-/microalbuminuria at 1 and 2 years was associated with a lower incidence of ESRD than no remission; however, it was not a determinant for ESRD independently of initial eGFR and initial protein-to-creatinine ratio. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that a ≥30% decline in eGFR over 1 or 2 years adds prognostic information about risk for ESRD in patients with type 2 diabetes and macroalbuminuria, supporting the consideration of percentage decline in eGFR as a surrogate endpoint among macroalbuminuric cases in type 2 diabetes. On the other hand, our study suggests that additional analyses on the relationship between remission of macroalbuminuria and risk of ESRD are needed in type 2 diabetes.
Urinary heme oxygenase-1 as a potential biomarker for early diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Our previous study showed that increases of urinary heme oxygenase-1 (uHO-1) could be a potential biomarker indicating evaluating intrarenal oxidative damage in obstructive nephropathy. Activation of oxidative stress is an important mediator of diabetic nephropathy (DN). The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical implications of uHO-1 levels in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Eighty-four type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (n=28), microalbuminuria (n=28), and macroalbuminuria (n=28) were included in this study. Control samples were collected from healthy volunteers (n=28) who had normal albuminuria and renal function. Urine HO-1 levels were evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Urinary HO-1/creatinine (cr.) levels were significantly elevated in diabetic patients with microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria compared to those in diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (P<0.001) and control subjects (all P<0.001). In diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria, uHO-1/cr. levels were also higher than those in controls (P<0.001). Multivariate regression analyses revealed that uHO-1/cr. levels were positively correlated to urinary albumin/creatinine ratio and inversely correlated to glomerular filtration rate. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis of uHO-1/cr. levels for early diagnosis and detection of DN revealed that the cut-off value of uHO-1/cr. was 4.59 ng/mg (sensitivity 75%, specificity 78.6%). CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study indicate that increases of urine HO-1 levels can be detected in patients with type 2 diabetes before the onset of significant albuminuria, and associated with renal derangement in patients with established diabetic nephropathy. Urinary HO-1 may be used as an early biomarker for diabetic renal injury.
External validation and calibration of risk equations for prediction of diabetic kidney diseases among patients with type 2 diabetes in Taiwan.; BACKGROUND: Most existing risk equations for predicting/stratifying individual diabetic kidney disease (DKD) risks were developed using relatively dated data from selective and homogeneous trial populations comprising predominately Caucasian type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. We seek to adapt risk equations for prediction of DKD progression (microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria, and renal failure) using empiric data from a real-world population with T2D in Taiwan. METHODS: Risk equations from three well-known simulation models: UKPDS-OM2, RECODe, and CHIME models, were adapted. Discrimination and calibration were determined using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC), a calibration plot (slope and intercept), and the Greenwood-Nam-D'Agostino (GND) test. Recalibration was performed for unsatisfactory calibration (p-value of GND test < 0.05) by adjusting the baseline hazards of risk equations to address risk variations among patients. RESULTS: The RECODe equations for microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria showed moderate discrimination (AUROC: 0.62 and 0.76) but underestimated the event risks (calibration slope > 1). The CHIME equation had the best discrimination for renal failure (AUROCs from CHIME, UKPDS-OM2 and RECODe: 0.77, 0.60 and 0.64, respectively). All three equations overestimated renal failure risk (calibration slope < 1). After rigorous updating, the calibration slope/intercept of the recalibrated RECODe for predicting microalbuminuria (0.87/0.0459) and macroalbuminuria (1.10/0.0004) risks as well as the recalibrated CHIME equation for predicting renal failure risk (0.95/-0.0014) were improved. CONCLUSIONS: Risk equations for prediction of DKD progression in real-world Taiwanese T2D patients were established, which can be incorporated into a multi-state simulation model to project and differentiate individual DKD risks for supporting timely interventions and health economic research.
Evaluation of serum levels of sestrin 2 and betatrophin in type 2 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one of the most serious microvascular complications of diabetes mellitus (DM) and the leading cause of chronic kidney disease (CKD) worldwide. Since obesity and type 2 DM (T2DM) are considered as inflammatory conditions, thus reducing their accompanied systemic inflammation may lessen their complications. Sestrin 2 belongs to a group of stress induced proteins which are produced in response to oxidative stress, inflammation and DNA damage. Betatrophin; a hormone that stimulates the growth, proliferation and mass expansion of pancreatic beta-cells and improves glucose tolerance. The objective of the study was to evaluate levels of serum Sestrin 2 and betatrophin in patients with different stages of diabetic nephropathy (DN)) and compare results with healthy control. METHODS: This cross sectional study was carried out on 60 patients above 18 years old, recruited from Tanta University hospitals out patients clinics and 20 apparently healthy individuals of matched sex and age as a control group. Participants were divided into two groups: group I: 20 normal subjects as control group and group II: 60 patients with type 2 DM,. further subdivided in to three equal groups: group 1IIA(20 patients) with normo-albuminuria (ACR < 30 mg/g), group IIB (20 patients) with micro albuminuria (ACR = 30 to 300 mg/g) and group IIC (20 patients) with macro albuminuria (ACR > 300 mg/g). They were subjected to detailed history taking, careful clinical examination and laboratory investigations including blood urea, serum creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), urinary albumin creatinine ratio, and specific laboratory tests for Sestrin 2 and Betatrophin by using ELISA technique. RESULTS: Serum Sestrin 2 significantly decreased, while serum betatrophin level significantly increased in macroalbuminuric group compared to control and other 2 diabetic groups (P value < 0.05). The cut off value of serum sestrin 2 was 0.98 ng/ml with sensitivity 99%, specificity 66% while the cut off value of serum betatrophin was > 98.25 ng/ml with sensitivity 98%, specificity 82%. Serum betatrophin positively correlated with age, fasting, 2 h postprandial, BMI, triglyceride, total cholesterol, serum creatinine, blood urea, UACR, and negatively correlated with eGFR and serum albumin. Serum Sestrin 2 positively correlated with serum albumin. BMI, serum urea, UACR and serum albumin. Serum betatrophin are found to be risk factors or predictors for diabetic nephropathy. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with DN, particularly the macroalbuminuria group, had a significant increase in betatrophin levels and a significant decrease in serum Sestrin 2 level. The function of Sestrin 2 is compromised in DN, and restoring it can reverse a series of molecular alterations with subsequent improvement of the renal functions, albuminuria and structural damage.
Serum uric acid and its association with hypertension, early nephropathy and chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetic patients.; INTRODUCTION: Early detection diabetic nephropathy (DN) is important. Whether serum uric acid (SUA) has a role in the development of DN is not known. OBJECTIVE: To study the relationship between SUA and hypertension, early nephropathy and progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: The total number of the study was 986 participants, according to presence and duration of diabetes were classified into three groups. Group I; including 250 healthy participants. Group II; including 352 with onset of diabetes < 5 years. Group III; including 384, with the onset of diabetes > 5 years. All participants were submitted to complete clinical examination, anthropometric measurements, laboratory investigations, including glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C), as well triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein ratios (TG/HDL-C), SUA, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). RESULTS: SUA, BP, HbA1c, TG/HDL-C ratio, and ACR levels were significantly higher in group III than group I, II and in II than I. eGFR significantly lower in group III than group I, II and in II than I (p < 0.001). Age, BMI, BP, HbA1c, TG/HDL-C, ACR, were positively correlated with SUA, while GFR negatively correlated. SUA at level of > 6.1 mg/dl, > 6.2 mg/dl and > 6.5 mg/dl had a greater sensitivity and specificity for identifying hypertension, early nephropathy and decline eGFR respectively. CONCLUSION: Even high normal SUA level, was associated with the risk of hypertension, early nephropathy and decline of eGFR. Moreover SUA level may identify the onset of hypertension, early nephropathy and progression of CKD in T2DM.
Prevalence, screening and treatment of chronic kidney disease in people with type 2 diabetes in France: the ENTRED surveys (2001 and 2007).; AIMS: The study aimed to assess the prevalence, quality of screening and treatment of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and their trends between 2001 and 2007, in French adults with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: The 2007 ENTRED survey randomly selected, from French medical insurance fund databases, 8926 adults treated for diabetes who had been reimbursed at least three times over the previous 12 months for oral hypoglycaemic agents or insulin. Medical reimbursement data were extracted and two sets of questionnaires were mailed, one to all patients (48% response rate) and the other to their doctors (62%). Analyses were restricted to the 3894 responders with T2D (2232 with data from their doctors). Trends between the 2001 and 2007 ENTRED surveys were studied. RESULTS: Participants' mean age was 66 years. The prevalence of CKD was estimated to be at least 29%, based on doctors' data (missing data included). Overall, only 17% had no claims for serum creatinine measurements during the year, and 71% had no claims for albuminuria tests; nonetheless, both figures had decreased from 2001. Older people, those who lived alone and those who felt poorly informed about diabetes were more likely to have made no claims for CKD screening. Assessment of quality of care (prescribing antihypertensive treatment when indicated) was possible for 66% of responders, of whom 25% did not receive such treatment. CONCLUSION: CKD is frequently seen in patients with T2D and is likely to be underestimated because albuminuria screening remains inadequate, despite significant improvements since 2001. Further efforts are needed to improve CKD screening, patient and doctor awareness, and adequate use of antihypertensive/nephroprotective medications.
Association of circulatory asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) with diabetic nephropathy in Asian Indians and its causative role in renal cell injury.; AIM: Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is involved in the regulation of nitric oxide synthesis and in the maintenance of vascular tone and structure. But the role and status of ADMA in diabetes induced kidney injury is not clear. Hence this study is investigating the role of ADMA in the progression of kidney injury and its circulatory status in Asian Indians with and without diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: Recruited study subjects were divided into normal glucose tolerance (NGT), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and T2DM with micro or macroalbuminuria. Albuminuria was calculated using urinary albumin and creatinine ratio (UACR). ADMA was measured using ELISA. Kidney cell damage in terms of fibrotic markers and ADMA metabolism in terms of DDAH activity were investigated in kidney fibroblasts and mesangial cells. RESULTS: There was a significant elevation in plasma ADMA levels in micro and macroalbuminuric diabetic patients. We found a significant positive correlation between ADMA and UACR, serum creatinine, HbA1C and fasting plasma glucose. A cut-off value of ADMA, 0.666μM/l had a sensitivity and specificity of 70.0% and 65.6%, respectively for detecting diabetic nephropathy. DDAH activity was significantly decreased and fibrotic markers such as fibronectin and α-SMA were significantly increased upon high glucose and ADMA treatment. CONCLUSION: We are suggesting a causative role of ADMA in the development of kidney injury in terms of renal fibrosis and also a cut point of 0.666μM/l of plasma ADMA level appears to be a predictive risk threshold for diabetic nephropathy in south Asian Indian population.
Uric Acid Is an Independent Risk Factor for Decline in Kidney Function, Cardiovascular Events, and Mortality in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies have provided inconclusive results on the role of uric acid (UA) in risk prediction. Here we aimed to improve the power and precision of the predictive value of UA for the risk of decline in kidney function, cardiovascular events (CVEs), and mortality in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Plasma UA was measured in 670 patients with T1D and various degrees of albuminuria, ranging from normoalbuminuria to macroalbuminuria. Associations of UA with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline of ≥30%, CVEs, and mortality were analyzed. The median follow-up time was 5.3 years [interquartile range (IQR) 2.7-6.2 years] for a decline in eGFR of ≥30%, 5.8 years (2.5-6.4 years) for progression in albuminuria status, 5.1 years (4.7-5.6 years) for CVE, and 6.2 years (5.8-6.7 years) for mortality. Both univariable and multivariable associations of UA with relevant outcomes and variables were reported. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated per doubling of the UA level. RESULTS: A doubling in UA level was associated with a higher risk of decline in eGFR of ≥30% (n = 89) (HR 3.18 [IQR 1.71-5.93]; P < 0.001), CVE (n = 94) (HR 2.25 [IQR 1.20-4.21]; P = 0.011), and mortality (n = 58) (HR 2.58 [IQR 1.12-5.90]; P = 0.025) in adjusted analyses. Adding UA to the adjusted model including conventional risk factors improved the relative integrated discrimination index by 12.6% for a decline in eGFR of ≥30% (P < 0.001), 6.5% for CVE (P = 0.010), and 11.8% (P = 0.003) for mortality. A doubling in UA level was also associated with a steeper decline in eGFR (P < 0.0026) and a steeper increase in urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (P < 0.0027) in adjusted analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In individuals with T1D, a higher UA level is associated with a higher risk of decline in kidney function, CVE, and mortality, independently of other risk factors. Our results suggest that UA has a promising role in risk stratification among individuals with T1D.
Atherogenic lipoprotein changes in diabetic nephropathy.; Cardiovascular risk is increased in patients with diabetic nephropathy. The aim of this study was to examine the relative impacts of albuminuria and renal failure, the two important features of diabetic nephropathy, on potentially atherogenic lipoprotein changes in this condition. The subjects were 160 non-diabetic healthy controls and a total of 200 type 2 diabetes patients with various degrees of nephropathy. The diabetic patients were divided into four groups by urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (U-ACR) and serum creatinine (S-Cr) levels: DM-1 (U-ACR< 30 mg/g, N=85), DM-2 (U-ACR=30-300 mg/g, N=48), DM-3 (U-ACR > 300 mg/g, N=29) and DM-4 (S-Cr>177 micromol/l or 2.0mg/dl, N=38). Lipids in very low (VLDL), intermediate (IDL), low (LDL), and high density (HDL) lipoproteins were measured following ultracentrifugation. VLDL-cholesterol (VLDL-C) was elevated (by 73-100%) in diabetic patients and it did not differ among the stages of nephropathy. IDL-C was higher as the nephropathy stage was advanced, and the elevation was significant in the DM-3 (by 75%) and DM-4 (by 131%) groups. LDL-C was not elevated in diabetic patients and was not different among the stages of nephropathy. Reduction of HDL-C was significant in DM-1, DM-2 and DM-3 (by 12-16%) and it was more exaggerated in DM-4 (by 35%). Multiple regression analyses indicated that elevated S-Cr, but not U-ACR, was an independent factor associated with raised IDL-C and lowered HDL-C in diabetic patients. These results indicate that diabetic patients with nephropathy show multiple lipoprotein changes, and that renal failure has greater impact than albuminuria on abnormalities in IDL and HDL. These lipoprotein alterations may contribute to an increased cardiovascular risk in diabetic nephropathy, especially in diabetic renal failure.
Early renin-angiotensin system intervention is more beneficial than late intervention in delaying end-stage renal disease in patients with type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: To develop and validate a model to simulate progression of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) from early onset until end-stage renal disease (ESRD), and to assess the effect of renin-angiotensin system (RAS) intervention in early, intermediate and advanced stages of DKD. METHODS: We used data from the BENEDICT, IRMA-2, RENAAL and IDNT trials that assessed effects of RAS intervention in patients with type 2 diabetes. We built a model with discrete disease stages based on albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Using survival analyses, we assessed the effect of RAS intervention on delaying ESRD in early [eGFR>60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) and albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) <30 mg/g], intermediate (eGFR 30-60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) or ACR 30-300 mg/g) and advanced (eGFR <30 ml/min/1.73 m(2) or ACR >300 mg/g) stages of DKD for patients in different age groups. RESULTS: For patients at early, intermediate and advanced stage of disease, whose mean age was 60 years and who received placebo, the median time to ESRD was 21.4, 10.8 and 4.7 years, respectively. RAS intervention delayed the predicted time to ESRD by 4.2, 3.6 and 1.4 years, respectively. The benefit of early RAS intervention was more pronounced in younger patients; for example, for patients with a mean age of 45 years, RAS intervention at early, intermediate or advanced stage delayed ESRD by 5.9, 4.0 and 1.1 years versus placebo. CONCLUSIONS: RAS intervention early in the course of proteinuric DKD is more beneficial than late intervention in delaying ESRD.
Prevalence of chronic kidney disease in the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) México and comparison with KEEP US.; The National Kidney Foundation Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) is a free community screening program aimed at early detection of kidney disease among high-risk individuals. A pilot phase of KEEP México began in 2008 in México City and Jalisco State. Adults with diabetes, hypertension, or family history of diabetes, hypertension, or chronic kidney disease (CKD) were invited to participate through advertising campaigns. All participants completed a questionnaire. Blood pressure, weight, and height were measured; blood and urine tests included albuminuria and serum creatinine to estimate glomerular filtration rate using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study equation. Mean age of KEEP México City and KEEP Jalisco participants was 46 and 53 years, respectively; >70% were women. CKD prevalence was 22% in KEEP México City and 33% in KEEP Jalisco, not significantly different from reported KEEP US prevalence of 26%. CKD stages 1 and 2 were more frequent in KEEP México and stage 3 in KEEP US. In KEEP México City, CKD prevalence was higher than the overall prevalence among participants with diabetes (38%) or diabetes and hypertension (42%). Most KEEP México participants were unaware of the CKD diagnosis, despite that 71% in KEEP México City had seen a doctor in the previous year. CKD is highly prevalent, underdiagnosed, and underrecognized among high-risk individuals in México. KEEP is an effective screening program that can successfully be adapted for use in México.
Increased urine semaphorin-3A is associated with renal damage in hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease: a nested case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Semaphorins are guidance proteins implicated in several processes such as angiogenesis, organogenesis, cell migration, and cytokine release. Experimental studies showed that semaphorin-3a (SEMA3A) administration induces transient massive proteinuria, podocyte foot process effacement and endothelial cell damage in healthy animals. While SEMA3A signaling has been demonstrated to be mechanistically involved in experimental diabetic glomerulopathy and in acute kidney injury, to date its role in human chronic kidney disease (CKD) has not been investigated. METHODS: To test the hypothesis that SEMA3A may play a role in human CKD, we performed a cross-sectional, nested, case-control study on 151 matched hypertensive patients with and without CKD. SEMA3A was quantified in the urine (USEMA) by ELISA. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated (eGFR) by the CKD-EPI formula and albuminuria was measured as albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR). RESULTS: USEMA levels were positively correlated with urine ACR (p = 0.001) and serum creatinine (p < 0.001). USEMA was higher in patients with both components of renal damage as compared to those with only one and those with normal renal function (p < 0.007 and <0.001, respectively). The presence of increased USEMA levels (i.e. top quartile) entailed a fourfold higher risk of combined renal damage (p < 0.001) and an almost twofold higher risk of macroalbuminuria (p = 0.005) or of reduced eGFR, even adjusting for confounding factors (p = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: USEMA is independently associated with CKD in both diabetic and non diabetic hypertensive patients. Further studies may help clarify the mechanisms underlying this association and possibly the pathogenic changes leading to the development of CKD.
Association of soluble tumor necrosis factor receptors 1 and 2 with nephropathy, cardiovascular events, and total mortality in type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Soluble tumor necrosis factor receptors 1 and 2 (sTNFR1 and sTNFR2) contribute to experimental diabetic kidney disease, a condition with substantially increased cardiovascular risk when present in patients. Therefore, we aimed to explore the levels of sTNFRs, and their association with prevalent kidney disease, incident cardiovascular disease, and risk of mortality independently of baseline kidney function and microalbuminuria in a cohort of patients with type 2 diabetes. In pre-defined secondary analyses we also investigated whether the sTNFRs predict adverse outcome in the absence of diabetic kidney disease. METHODS: The CARDIPP study, a cohort study of 607 diabetes patients [mean age 61 years, 44 % women, 45 cardiovascular events (fatal/non-fatal myocardial infarction or stroke) and 44 deaths during follow-up (mean 7.6 years)] was used. RESULTS: Higher sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 were associated with higher odds of prevalent kidney disease [odd ratio (OR) per standard deviation (SD) increase 1.60, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.32-1.93, p < 0.001 and OR 1.54, 95 % CI 1.21-1.97, p = 0.001, respectively]. In Cox regression models adjusting for age, sex, glomerular filtration rate and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio, higher sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 predicted incident cardiovascular events [hazard ratio (HR) per SD increase, 1.66, 95 % CI 1.29-2.174, p < 0.001 and HR 1.47, 95 % CI 1.13-1.91, p = 0.004, respectively]. Results were similar in separate models with adjustments for inflammatory markers, HbA1c, or established cardiovascular risk factors, or when participants with diabetic kidney disease at baseline were excluded (p < 0.01 for all). Both sTNFRs were associated with mortality. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATIONS: Higher circulating sTNFR1 and sTNFR2 are associated with diabetic kidney disease, and predicts incident cardiovascular disease and mortality independently of microalbuminuria and kidney function, even in those without kidney disease. Our findings support the clinical utility of sTNFRs as prognostic markers in type 2 diabetes.
Longitudinal analysis of participants in the KEEP Mexico's chronic kidney disease screening program.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) is a free screening and educational program aimed at detecting chronic kidney disease (CKD) among adult individuals who are at high-risk (those with diabetes, hypertension, or family history of these conditions or CKD). Confirmation of CKD diagnosis requires persistence of albuminuria or estimated GFR <60 mL/min for at least 3 months. We undertook this study to determine in a follow-up KEEP done at least 1 year after a baseline KEEP the following: 1) CKD incidence among individuals who initially tested negative for CKD, 2) transitions between CKD stages among individuals who initially tested positive for CKD. METHODS: A random sample of KEEP participants was invited to participate in a follow-up KEEP between 2008 and 2010. Paired analyses were conducted to compare CKD stages between baseline and follow-up KEEP. RESULTS: A total of 434 individuals with a mean age of 49 years and 77% females participated in the study. Overall CKD prevalence in the baseline KEEP was 24%, and most patients were unaware of the diagnosis. In the follow-up KEEP, CKD incidence was 14%. The percentage of patients who tested positive for CKD in the baseline KEEP and who remained positive regardless of stage in the follow-up KEEP was 40% for those with stage 1 at baseline, 52% for those with stage 2, 65% for those with stage 3, and 100% for those with stages 4 or 5. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for CKD among high-risk individuals is uncommon. KEEP is an effective program for detecting CKD.
Simultaneous Assessment of MicroRNAs 126 and 192 in Diabetic Nephropathy Patients and the Relation of these MicroRNAs with Urinary Albumin.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a major determinant of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Altered microRNA levels lead to serious chronic diseases, such as diabetes. We aimed to measure the expression levels of two microRNAs, microRNA126 and 192 in DN and investigate their connection with albuminuria levels. METHODS: This study included 229 subjects (134 DN patients and 95 controls). Serum lipid profiles, glucose levels, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, and renal functions were assayed. The microRNA126 and microRNA192 expression levels were determined by real-time PCR. RESULTS: Patients with DN had higher weights, BMI values, glucose levels (P<0.001), HbA1c levels (P<0.001), urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) values (P<0.001), urea levels (P=0.002), and creatinine levels (P=0.004) and lower expression levels of both microRNA192 (P<0.001) and microRNA126 (P<0.001) than controls. MicroRNA126 expression was positively correlated with age, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and microRNA192 expression but negatively correlated with blood sugar, HbA1c, urea, creatinine and ACR. MicroRNA192 had higher sensitivity (91%), specificity (94%), and area under the curve (AUC) (0.967) values than microRNA126 (sensitivity, 90%; specificity, 68%; AUC, 0.897) and thus can precisely diagnose DN. CONCLUSION: Both MicroRNA126 and microRNA192 expression were obviously associated with DN and might determine the progression of the disease owing to prominent relation with macroalbuminuria.
Development and progression of renal insufficiency with and without albuminuria in adults with type 1 diabetes in the diabetes control and complications trial and the epidemiology of diabetes interventions and complications study.; OBJECTIVE: This multicenter study examined the impact of albumin excretion rate (AER) on the course of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and the incidence of sustained eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) in type 1 diabetes up to year 14 of the Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications (EDIC) study (mean duration of 19 years in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial [DCCT]/EDIC). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Urinary albumin measurements from 4-h urine collections were obtained from participants annually during the DCCT and every other year during the EDIC study, and serum creatinine was measured annually in both the DCCT and EDIC study. GFR was estimated from serum creatinine using the abbreviated Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation. RESULTS: A total of 89 of 1,439 subjects developed an eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (stage 3 chronic kidney disease on two or more successive occasions (sustained) during the DCCT/EDIC study (cumulative incidence 11.4%). Of these, 20 (24%) had AER <30 mg/24 h at all prior evaluations, 14 (16%) had developed microalbuminuria (AER 30-300 mg/24 h) before they reached stage 3 chronic kidney disease, and 54 (61%) had macroalbuminuria (AER >300 mg/24 h) before they reached stage 3 chronic kidney disease. Macroalbuminuria is associated with a markedly increased rate of fall in eGFR (5.7%/year vs. 1.2%/year with AER <30 mg/24 h, P < 0.0001) and risk of eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (adjusted hazard ratio 15.3, P < 0.0001), whereas microalbuminuria had weaker and less consistent effects on eGFR. CONCLUSIONS: Macroalbuminuria was a strong predictor of eGFR loss and risk of developing sustained eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). However, screening with AER alone would have missed 24% of cases of sustained impaired eGFR.
The validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.; To assess the validity of urine albumin concentration (UAC) and the urine albumin:creatine ratio (UACR) in a random urine specimen (RUS) for screening diabetic nephropathy in Korea, a total of 105 ambulatory diabetes mellitus patients (male:female, 52:53), ages 40-75 years (median 59 years) collected 105 RUSs after completing a timed 24 hour urine collection. Albumin was measured by immunonephelometry. According to the timed urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) measured in the 24 hour collection (criterion standard), samples were classified normoalbuminuric (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 50), microalbuminuric (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 30), and macroalbuminuric (UAER > 200 micrograms/min; n = 25). The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve of UAC and UACR in a RUS for screening of microalbuminuria (normo- and microalbuminuric samples; n = 80) and macroalbuminuria (micro- and macroalbuminuric samples; n = 55) were plotted. Pearson's coefficients of correlation of 24 hour UAER vs. UAC and UACR were 0.81 and 0.75, respectively (P < 0.001). The point of intersection with a 100%-to-100% diagonal for microalbuminuria were as follows: 31.0 mg/l for UAC and 32.5 mg/g for UACR; for macroalbuminuria 181 mg/l for UAC and 287.3 mg/g for UACR. The sensitivity and specificity of the cut-off points for microalbuminuria were 77% and 82% for UAC and 77% and 92% for UACR. The sensitivity and specificity of the cut-off points for macroalbuminuria were 84% and 90% for UAC and 88% and 90% for UACR. In present study, no difference was observed when comparing the performance of UAC and UACR based on a statistical comparison by McNemar test. The repeated measurements of UAC and UACR in the same individual were statistically similar and were correlated with each other. Based on these results, albumin measurements (UAC and UACR) in a RUS were considered as a valid test for screening diabetic nephropathy.
The relationship between haemoglobin level and type 1 diabetic nephropathy in Han patients in Anhui, China.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Recent studies have shown that low haemoglobin (Hb) levels promote the progression of chronic kidney disease. This study assessed the relationship between Hb level and type 1 diabetic nephropathy (DN) in Han patients in Anhui, China. METHODS: There was a total of 236 patients diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) seen between January 2014 and December 2016 in our centre. Haemoglobin levels in patients with DN were compared with those without DN. The relationship between Hb level and the urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) was examined by Spearman's correlational analysis and multiple stepwise regression analysis. The binary logistic multivariate regression analysis was performed to analyse the correlated factors for type 1 DN, calculate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). The predicting value of Hb level for DN was evaluated by area under receiver operation characteristic curve (AUROC) for discrimination and Hosmer-Lemeshow goodness-of-fit test for calibration. RESULTS: The average Hb levels in the DN group (116.1 ± 20.8 g/L) were significantly lower than the non-DN group (131.9 ± 14.4 g/L), P < 0.001. Hb levels were independently correlated with the urinary ACR in multiple stepwise regression analysis. The logistic multivariate regression analysis showed that the Hb level (OR: 0.936, 95% CI: 0.910-0.963, P < 0.001) was inversely correlated with DN in patients with T1DM. In sub-analysis, low Hb level (Hb < 120 g/L in female, Hb < 130 g/L in male) was still negatively associated with DN in patients with T1DM. The AUROC was 0.721 (95% CI: 0.655-0.787) in assessing the discrimination of the Hb level for DN. The value of P was 0.593 in Hosmer-Lemeshow goodness-of-fit test. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with T1DM, the Hb level is inversely correlated with urinary ACR and DN.
Cigarette smoking and increased urine albumin excretion are interrelated predictors of nephropathy progression in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Increased urine albumin excretion (UAE) predicts nephropathy progression in type 2 diabetes, whereas improved blood pressure (BP) control and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition ameliorate both albuminuria and nephropathy progression. Cigarette smoking (CS) predicts nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes despite improved BP control and ACE inhibition. We tested the hypothesis that CS and increased UAE are interrelated predictors of nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes undergoing improved BP control and ACE inhibition. METHODS: We prospectively followed plasma creatinine (P(cr)) levels and UAE as albumin-creatinine (alb-cr) ratio for 63.9 +/- 0.6 months in 84 patients with type 2 diabetes undergoing BP control with regimens including ACE inhibitors. RESULTS: Despite ACE inhibition and mean BP reduction from 113.7 +/- 1.8 to 92.3 +/- 0.6 mm Hg (P < 0.001), P(cr) increased (1.03 +/- 0.02 to 1.25 +/- 0.04 mg/dL [91.1 +/- 1.8 to 110.5 +/- 3.5 micromol/L]; P < 0.001) during follow-up. Regression analysis showed that entry alb-cr ratio, but not CS, predicted nephropathy progression when considering both factors together, but CS predicted progression only when excluding alb-cr ratio. Nephropathy progression was minimal for lower levels of alb-cr ratio at entry, but increased progressively for levels greater than 300. Alb-cr ratio increment during follow-up directly correlated with nephropathy progression (r2 = 0.307; P < 0.001) and was greater in smokers than nonsmokers (1,878 +/- 346 versus 553 +/- 214; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Data show that CS and increased UAE are interrelated predictors of nephropathy progression in patients with type 2 diabetes, and CS increases UAE in these patients despite improved BP control and ACE inhibition.
Correlation of Urine Biomarkers: Microalbuminuria and Spot Urine Protein among Diabetic Patients. Application of Spot Urine Protein in Diabetic Kidney Disease, Nephropathy, Proteinuria Estimation, Diagnosing and Monitoring.; Current study has invented a new method for utilizing spot urine protein among diabetic patients. There have been various efforts and strategies in research internationally to detect, diagnose and monitor nephropathy/DKD. Although 24-hour urine studies are gold standard, however, there exist some controversies about microalbuminuria and spot urine protein. The current study was designed to utilize spot urine protein among diabetic patients and to find its association with routine dipstick urine test for albumin, and microalbuminuria. The study demonstrated significant association of spot urine protein with urine dipstick albumin, and has demonstrated increasing spot urine protein with increasing albumin in urine (p-value < 0.0001). This study also demonstrated significantly higher levels of spot urine protein between the groups with nephropathy/DKD as compared to those without nephropathy/DKD (p-value < 0.0001). Similarly, spot urine protein and spot urine protein/creatinine were also significantly associated with microalbumin and microalbumin/creatinine in urine. Significant regression models for spot urine protein and microalbuminuria were also developed and proposed to detect and estimate microalbumin in urine while utilizing spot urine protein (< 0.0001). Synthesized regression equations and models can be used confidently to detect, rule out and monitor proteinuria and DKD. ROC curves were utilized to detect spot urine protein cutoff points for nephropathy and DKD with high specificity and sensitivity. Some important patents were also discussed in the paper regarding albuminuria/proteinuria detection and management. Current study has demonstrated and concluded, for the first time, that there exists a significant association of spot urine protein with routine dipstick albumin in urine and microalbuminuria. It is also essential to detect early, monitor and manage proteinuria, hypertension and dyslipidemia with good glycemic control to prevent diabetes complications.
Usefulness of the BAST-24 smell and taste test in the study of diabetic patients: a new approach to the determination of renal function.; CONCLUSION: A reduction in the percentage of correct responses in the olfactory test indirectly indicated increased albuminuria and worse glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in diabetic patients. The olfactory function test is an indirect indicator of early microvascular complications in diabetic patients. OBJECTIVES: Diabetes mellitus is a highly prevalent disease that causes numerous complications. The aim of this study was to determine whether olfactory and taste sensations are related to renal failure in diabetic patients. METHODS: We studied 61 patients diagnosed with diabetes mellitus, mean age = 65.9 years (SD = 16.8), 54.1% male. We evaluated olfactory and taste sensations by determining the capacity of detection, identification and percentage of correct responses of the 29 components of the Barcelona Smell-taste Test-24 (BAST-24). We determined the relationship between these results and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), creatinine, albumin/creatinine, albuminuria and GFR (normal = GFR ≥ 60 ml/min/1.73 m(2); impaired renal function = GFR < 60 ml/min/1.73 m(2)). RESULTS: There was no significant relationship between HbA1c and olfactory and taste sensations. There was a significant relationship between the percentage of correct responses and albuminuria (p = 0.03) and between identification of odours through the olfactory nerve and GFR (p = 0.029), and the percentage of correct responses and GFR (p = 0.03). There was no significant relationship between taste and renal failure.
Comparison of cystatin C- and creatinine-based estimated glomerular filtration rate to predict coronary heart disease risk in Japanese patients with obesity and diabetes.; The aim of this study is to determine which indicator of chronic kidney disease most closely correlates with 10-year Framingham coronary heart disease (CHD) risk among serum creatinine, serum cystatin C (S-CysC), urine albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR), estimated creatinine-based GFRs (eGFRcre), and estimated CysC-based GFRs (eGFRcys) in patients with obesity and diabetes. Serum creatinine, S-CysC, UACR, and cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) were examined in 468 outpatients with obesity and type 2 diabetes, free of severe renal dysfunction or previous history of cardiovascular disease, as a cross-sectional survey using baseline data from the multi-centered Japan Diabetes and Obesity Study. S-CysC and eGFRcys had significantly stronger correlations with the 10-year Framingham CHD risk than serum creatinine, eGFRcre, and UACR (creatinine, ρ = 0.318; S-CysC, ρ = 0.497; UACR, ρ = 0.174; eGFRcre, ρ = -0.291; eGFRcys, ρ = -0.521; P < 0.01 by Fisher's z-test). S-CysC and eGFRcys had significantly stronger correlations with CAVI than serum creatinine, eGFRcre, and UACR (creatinine, ρ = 0.198; S-CysC, ρ = 0.383; UACR, ρ = 0.183; eGFRcre, ρ = -0.302; eGFRcys, ρ = -0.444; P < 0.05 by Fisher's z-test). The receiver operating characteristic curves to distinguish the high-risk patients for CHD revealed significantly larger areas under the curve of S-CysC and eGFRcys than those of serum creatinine, UACR, and eGFRcre (serum creatinine, 0.64; S-CysC, 0.75; UACR, 0.56; eGFRcre, 0.63; eGFRcys, 0.76; P < 0.01). The data suggested that eGFRcys can be more predictive of the 10-year CHD risk than eGFRcre in Japanese patients with obesity and diabetes.
Predicting diabetic nephropathy by serum proteomic profiling in patients with type 2 diabetes.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this work is to examine the serum proteomic profiles associated with the subsequent development of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in patients with type 2 diabetes and to develop and validate a decision tree based on the profiles to predict the risk of DN in advance by albuminuria. METHODS: Surface-enhanced laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry was used to obtain the proteomic profiles from baseline serum samples of 84 patients with type 2 diabetes with normal albuminuria, including 42 case subjects who developed DN after 4 years and 42 control subjects who remained normoalbuminuric over the same 4 years. From signatures of protein mass, a decision tree was established for predicting DN. RESULTS: At baseline, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was similar between the case and control groups. The intensities of 5 peaks detected by CM10 chips appeared up-regulated, whereas 18 peaks were down-regulated more than twofold in the case group than compared with the control group in the training set. An optimum discriminatory decision tree for case subjects created with four nodes using four distinct masses was challenged with testing set. The positive predictive value was 77.8% (7/9), and the negative predictive value was 72.7% (8/11). CONCLUSIONS: We developed and validated a decision tree to predict DN in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Urine IgM-excretion as a prognostic marker for progression of type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; Although the clinical manifestations of type 2 diabetic nephropathy and decline in kidney function are similar to those in type 1, the clinical course and the renal structural changes are more heterogeneous in type 2 diabetic patients. Previous studies have shown that an increased urine IgM excretion in patients with type 1 diabetic nephropathy was associated with poor outcome. In the present follow-up study we examine the prognostic value of baseline urine IgM excretion in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A cohort of 106 (74 male and 32 female) patients with type 2 diabetes regularly attending our diabetes out-patient clinic at Skane University Hospital in Lund. They were recruited prospectively under the period between 1992 and 2004. Patients were followed-up until January 2009. The end point was cardiovascular (CV) death or end-stage renal disease (ESRD). The median follow-up time was 5 years (0.5-13 years). Participants were divided according to degree of albuminuria and IgM-uria. RESULTS: During follow-up time, 28 (19 male and 9 female) patients died of CV events and 41 (26 male and 15 female) developed ESRD. The risk of CV mortality was 2.4 fold, and the risk of renal failure 4.9 fold higher in patients with increased urine IgM excretion compared to patients with low urine IgM excretion. Stratified analysis showed that an increased urine IgM excretion was an independent predictor of renal and cardiovascular death irrespective of the degree of albuminuria (HR=3.6, 95% CI: 2.1-6.0, P<0.001). In conclusion, type 2 diabetic nephropathy patients with high urine IgM excretion rates carry an increased risk of renal and cardiovascular death.
Clinical value of NGAL, L-FABP and albuminuria in predicting GFR decline in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; OBJECTIVES: Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and liver-type fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) are emerging as excellent biomarkers in the urine and plasma for the early prediction of acute and chronic kidney injury. The aims of this prospective study were to determine the role of albuminuria, and that of serum and urine levels of NGAL and L-FABP as predictors of a decline in the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A longitudinal cohort study with one hundred forty type 2 diabetic patients was conducted. Serum and urine levels of NGAL and L-FABP, and the urine albumin excretion rate were determined. The correlation between the kidney injury biomarkers and rate of GFR decline was analyzed. RESULTS: The eGFR of study subjects decreased significantly as the study progressed (86.4±31.1 vs. 74.4±27.3 ml/min/1.73 m(2), P<0.001), and the urine albumin excretion rate increased significantly (264.9±1060.3 vs. 557.7±2092.5 mg/day, P = 0.009). The baseline urine albumin excretion rate and serum L-FABP level were significantly correlated with baseline eGFR (P<0.05). The results of regression analysis for the correlations between the rate of eGFR change and the baseline levels of NGAL and L-FABP, and the urine albumin excretion rate showed that only the urine albumin excretion rate was significantly correlated with the rate of eGFR change (standardized coefficients: -0.378; t: -4.298; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Tubular markers, such as NGAL and L-FABP, may not be predictive factors associated with GFR decline in type 2 diabetic patients.
Sequence of progression of albuminuria and decreased GFR in persons with type 1 diabetes: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The sensitivity of albuminuria in predicting loss of kidney function has been questioned. We determined the sequence of kidney disease stages (microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria, low estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], and end-stage renal disease [ESRD]) and characterized those without albuminuria before a low eGFR. STUDY DESIGN: The Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications Study is a prospective cohort investigation of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 480 study participants with eGFR greater than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (mean age, 27 years; diabetes duration, 19 years at study entry) were prospectively followed up for 16 years. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Low eGFR was defined as creatinine clearance less than 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) from timed urine collections; microalbuminuria, as albumin excretion rate between 20 to 200 microg/min (30 to 300 mg/24 h); macroalbuminuria, as albumin excretion rate greater than 200 microg/min (>300 mg/24 h); and ESRD, as dialysis or renal transplantation. RESULTS: The 33 of 480 individuals (7%) who developed ESRD had prior albuminuria. 71 of 480 (15%) individuals developed low eGFR. 66 of 71 (93%) had prior/concurrent albuminuria, and 5 of 71 (7%) did not. Incident low eGFR values in the 5 patients were: (1) 54, (2) 58, (3) 59, (4) 59.7, and (5) 59.8 mL/min/1.73 m(2). 3 of 5 (60%; patients 1, 4, and 5) subsequently developed albuminuria. Final eGFRs in the 5 patients were: (1) 94, (2) 86, (3) 60, (4) 65, and (5) 54 mL/min/1.73 m(2), respectively. LIMITATIONS: GFR and insulin sensitivity were not measured, but estimated. Incident decreased eGFR in patients without preceding/concurrent albuminuria may be caused by misclassification or a temporary eGFR decrease. CONCLUSIONS: Moderately decreased eGFR may occur rarely in patients with type 1 diabetes without preceding albuminuria.
Urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and vitamin D-binding protein as biomarkers for early detection of diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Diabetic nephropathy is a serious complication of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes and, unless arrested, leads to end-stage renal disease. Therefore, early prediction and detection of DN would greatly benefit the disease management and delay its progression. The aim of this study is to evaluate the levels of urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (uMCP-1) and urinary vitamin D-binding protein (uVDBP) in type 2 diabetic patients with different degrees of diabetic nephropathy (DN) and to assess the value of uMCP-1 and uVDBP in the early detection of DN. Seventy-five type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (n = 25), microalbuminuria (n = 25), macroalbuminuria (n = 25), and 25 healthy controls were included in this study. Urinary MCP-1 and VDBP levels were evaluated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. A significant elevation in the uMCP-1 and uVDBP levels was found in macroalbuminuric (p < 0.001) and microalbuminuric (p < 0.01) diabetic patients compared to that in normoalbuminuric diabetic patients and control subjects (p < 0.001). Correlation study revealed that both uMCP-1 and uVDBP were significantly positively correlated to urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (r = 0.968, p < 0.001 and r = 0.973, p < 0.001, respectively), serum urea (r = 0.461, p = 0.001 and r = 0.456, p = 0.002, respectively), and serum creatinine (r = 0.475, p = 0.001 and r = 0.448, p = 0.004, respectively) and significantly inversely correlated to glomerular filtration rate (r = -0.983, p < 0.001 and r = -0.988, p < 0.001, respectively). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis of uMCP-1 and uVDBP levels for early diagnosis and detection of DN revealed that the cut-off value of uMCP-1 was 110 pg/mg with 92% sensitivity and 100% specificity; whereas, the cut-off value of uVDBP was 550 ng/mg with 96% sensitivity and 84% specificity. The findings of the present study suggest that uMCP-1 and uVDBP may be considered as novel potential diagnostic biomarkers for the early detection of diabetic nephropathy.
Level of urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein is associated with cardiac markers and electrocardiographic abnormalities in type-2 diabetes with chronic kidney disease stage G1 and G2.; Urinary liver-type fatty acid-binding protein (L-FABP) reflects the degree of stress in proximal tubules of the kidney. We examined the level of L-FABP in type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) stage G1 and G2, and its relationship with cardiac markers and electrocardiographic (ECG) abnormalities. T2DM patients whose estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) were recruited [n = 276 (165 males), mean age 64 years]. The median level of urinary L-FABP was 6.6 μg/gCr. Urinary L-FABP showed significant correlation with urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) (r = 0.51, p < 0.0001). Median (25th-75th percentile) eGFR was 82 (72-95) mL/min/1.73 m2. We divided patients into four subgroups (group 1, L-FABP ≤8.4 μg/gCr and ACR ≤30 mg/gCr; group 2, L-FABP ≤8.4 μg/gCr and ACR >30 mg/gCr; group 3, L-FABP >8.4 μg/gCr and ACR ≤30 mg/gCr; group 4, L-FABP >8.4 μg/gCr and ACR >30 mg/gCr). Compared with group 1, group 4 was significantly higher in systolic blood pressure, and eGFR using standardized serum cystatin C, high-sensitivity troponin T, and N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP). Group 4 had significantly higher level of NT-proBNP than group 3. Groups 2, 3 and 4 showed more ECG abnormalities than group 1. These findings suggest that simultaneous measurement of urinary L-FABP and ACR should be useful to assess cardiovascular damage reflecting on the elevation of cardiac markers and ECG abnormalities in T2DM with CKD G1 and G2.
Clinical impact of albuminuria and glomerular filtration rate on renal and cardiovascular events, and all-cause mortality in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The number of patients suffering from diabetic nephropathy resulting in end-stage kidney disease is increasing worldwide. In clinical settings, there are limited data regarding the impact of the urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) and reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) on renal and cardiovascular outcomes and all-cause mortality. METHODS: We performed a historical cohort study of 4328 Japanese participants with type 2 diabetes from 10 centers. Risks for renal events (requirement for dialysis or transplantation, or half reduction in eGFR), cardiovascular events (cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke), and all-cause mortality were assessed according to UACR and eGFR levels. RESULTS: During follow-up (median 7.0 years, interquartile range 3.0-8.0 years), 419 renal events, 605 cardiovascular events and 236 deaths occurred. The UACR levels increased the risk and the adjusted hazard ratios for these three events. In addition to the effects of UACR levels, eGFR stages significantly increased the adjusted hazard ratios for renal events and all-cause mortality, especially in patients with macroalbuminuria. Diabetic nephropathy score, based on the prognostic factors, well predicted incidence rates per 1000 patient/year for each event. CONCLUSIONS: Increased UACR levels were closely related to the increase in risks for renal, cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes, whereas the association between high levels of UACR and reduced eGFR was a strong predictor for renal events.
Relationship between dipstick positive proteinuria and albumin:creatinine ratios.; Currently, neither the American Diabetes Association nor the Kidney Foundation consider the results of a positive dipstick urine test for protein, a semi-quantitative measurement, in the final evaluation of diabetic nephropathy. Instead, they require a quantitative test. The object of this study was to assess whether a positive semi-quantitative test could accurately substitute for a quantitative one to evaluate renal disease. We determined the proportion of urine samples dipstick positive for protein that had an albumin:creatinine ratio of 30 microg/mg or more, the recommended value for the diagnosis of microalbuminuria (incipient nephropathy). Albumin:creatinine ratios were measured in urine samples from 19 diabetic and 51 nondiabetic patients in which the dipstick test for protein was positive. Twelve of 24 (50%) urine samples trace positive for protein by a dipstick method had albumin:creatinine ratios of 30 microg/mg or more, whereas 42 of 46 (91%) urine samples greater than or equal to 1+ for protein exceeded that ratio. The results were similar in the two groups of patients. The positive predictive value for a test result more than or equal to 1+ for protein was 91%. We conclude that in contrast to the recommendations of the American Diabetes Association and the National Kidney Foundation, dipstick positive proteinuria of more than or equal to 1+ can substitute for an albumin:creatinine ratio. An algorithm for this more cost-effective approach to the diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy is suggested.
Comparison of the yield of different screening approaches to detect chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Screening for chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been advised in high-risk populations. The present study aims to compare the yields of four approaches to select high-risk subjects for CKD screening, which are defined as follows: Approach 1, history of cardiovascular (CV) disease, diabetes mellitus or hypertension (=high CV risk); Approach 2, high CV risk or age >55 years; Approach 3, urinary albumin concentration (UAC) ≥20 mg/L; or Approach 4, UAC ≥10 mg/L at pre-screening. METHODS: The study population is a sample of the general population of Groningen, the Netherlands (n = 3398). UAC was measured (nephelometry) in a first morning void urine sample collected at home and sent to a laboratory by post. Information on demographics and the presence of CV risk factors was obtained by a questionnaire. The presence of CKD was determined during examination at an outpatient clinic. RESULTS: At baseline, 12% of the subjects met the criteria of Approach 1, 33% of Approach 2, 8% of Approach 3 and 25% of Approach 4. CKD was diagnosed in 370 subjects (11%). Approach 2 detected the most CKD patients (sensitivity 65%), while Approach 3 resulted in the lowest number needed to screen (1.9). During a follow-up of 7 years, only the UAC pre-screening approaches detected CKD patients who had both significantly accelerated renal function loss and increased CV risk compared to subjects without CKD. Only 28% of CKD patients detected by the UAC approaches used antihypertensive/angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor treatment prior to screening. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that pre-screening based on UAC should be favoured in comparison to screening based on CKD risk factors to detect CKD patients at high renal and CV risk.
Renal structure as an indicator for development of albuminuria in normo- and microalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients.; Baseline glomerular structure in microalbuminuric (MA) and proteinuric Caucasian type 2 diabetic patients predicted progressive glomerular filtration rate decline while baseline urinary albumin excretion (UAE) did not. Little is known about whether or not renal structure at the early stages of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in type 2 diabetic patients can predict further functional development of DN. Baseline renal structure and function and follow-up data of renal function were examined in 17 type 2 diabetic patients (11 men, 45+/-7 (mean+/-S.D.) years old) with known diabetes duration 11+/-8 years without definable renal disease other than DN. Six patients showed normoalbuminuria (NA), 11 microalbuminuria (MA), and were followed up for 6.4+/-1.8 years after the baseline renal biopsy. Light and electron microscopic morphometric analyses provided quantitative glomerular and tubulointerstitial structural changes. No statistically significant difference was observed in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values or mean blood pressure (MBP) between baseline and follow-up, even though the number of patients placed on antihypertensive drugs increased from 3 to 7. Follow-up UAE was not significantly different from the baseline UAE although 13 of 17 cases showed an increase. Baseline UAE did not correlate with the follow-up UAE or morphometric measures. Glomerular basement membrane width and volume fraction of the mesangium and mesangial matrix positively correlated with follow-up UAE. In NA and MA Japanese type 2 diabetic patients, baseline renal structural measures are more reliable indicators for the development of UAE than baseline UAE.
Screening for microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes is incomplete in general practice.; INTRODUCTION: National Danish guidelines recommend screening for microalbuminuria with assessment of urinary albumin/creatinine ratio at least annually in patients with type 2 diabetes. To which extent such screening is actually performed is not known. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 2,057 patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly selected from 64 general practitioners (GPs) from different geographical areas of Denmark. Clinical and laboratory data on the individual patients were collected through the GPs' electronic medical patient records; particular emphasis was given to annual screening for microalbuminuria. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 66.2 ± 11.6 years and 58.7% were male. Only 57.2% of the patients had been screened for microalbuminuria with any method within the preceding 12 months period; of these 76.0% had normo- and 21.0% had microalbuminuria, whereas 3.0% had overt proteinuria. In contrast, 97.6% of patients had had a minimum of one plasma-creatinine measurement within the past year. CONCLUSION: In Danish primary care, screening for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes is insufficiently implemented, whereas renal function is evaluated in almost all patients by plasma-creatinine measurements. The importance of diagnosing microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes needs to be emphasised. FUNDING: The project has received funding in the form of a research grant from Boehringer Ingelheim, Denmark. TRIAL REGISTRATION: not relevant.
Urine proteome analysis by C18 plate-matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry allows noninvasive differential diagnosis and prediction of diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one of the most common complications in diabetic patients. New noninvasive markers are still needed for the early detection of DN before identifiable alternations in kidney function or urine albumin excretion occurs. A C18 plate and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF-MS) were used to compare the urinary protein profiles of 238 subjects from the following 4 groups: patients with type 2 diabetic (T2D) with microalbuminuria, patients with DM without micro- or macroalbuminuria, patients with micro- or macroalbuminuria due to nondiabetic disease, and healthy controls. β2-microglobulin (B2M) and Clara-cell protein (CC16) were found to be highly released in the urine of patients with proteinuria due to nondiabetic or diabetic diseases. In differentiating nephropathy from healthy subject, the B2M and CC16 markers have a combined sensitivity and specificity of 77.3% and 91.8%, respectively. In distinguishing T2D with microalbuminuria from T2D patients, the combined markers have sensitivity and specificity of 66% and 73%, respectively. The predictive ability of B2M and CC16 for early renal functional decline (ERFD) was validated in 125 T2D patients with a follow-up times. The odds ratio (OR) of combined B2M and CC16 markers for developing ERFD was 7.59 (95% CI: 1.97-29.24). The detection of B2M and CC16 with the C18 plate-MALDI-TOF MS approach could be an attractive and practical assay for rapid diagnosis of nephropathy in nondiabetic/diabetic patients and as a predictor of ERFD among T2D patients who had not manifested significant kidney disease at baseline.
Is screening and intervention for microalbuminuria worthwhile in patients with insulin dependent diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To analyse the cost-benefit of screening for and antihypertensive treatment of early renal disease indicated by microalbuminuria in patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Previously published data were used to estimate transition probabilities for each step from normoalbuminuria until death. The effect of intervention on urinary albumin excretion rate by antihypertensive treatment was arbitrarily set at three different levels. All direct costs (screening, antihypertensive treatment, treatment of end stage renal failure) were included in the cost-benefit analysis by using real discount rates of 2.5% and 6%. SETTING: Computer simulation. SUBJECTS: Simulated cohort of 8000 patients. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Mortality, incidence of diabetic nephropathy, incidence of end stage renal failure, and costs versus savings. RESULTS: Assuming treatment effects of 33% and 67% median life expectancy increased by four to 14 years, respectively, and the need for dialysis or transplantation decreased by 21% to 63%. Costs and savings would balance if the annual rate of increase of albuminuria was decreased from 20% to 18% a year. CONCLUSIONS: Screening and intervention programmes are likely to have life saving effects and lead to considerable economic savings.
The diagnosis of renal involvement in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Efforts aimed at early detection and effective treatment and prevention of renal involvement in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are needed to limit the increasing social burdens of end-stage renal disease and related complications. Microalbuminuria seems to meet all the criteria required for screening of early renal disease (incipient nephropathy) and detection of patients at increased cardiovascular risk. Histologic examination is needed to ensure diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy in patients with macroalbuminuric non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus without retinopathy. Regular screening for micro- and macroalbuminuria ensures that renal and extrarenal complications may be identified early and that preventive intervention therapy is instituted, including good metabolic control and raised blood pressure correction. Preliminary evidence suggests that this is a very cost-effective use of health-care resources.
5-Hydroxyhexanoic Acid Predicts Early Renal Functional Decline in Type 2 Diabetes Patients with Microalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a leading cause of end-stage renal disease. Microalbuminuria (MA) is widely used to predict early progressive renal function decline (ERFD) of DN in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) patients, but the sensitivity and specificity of MA have been questioned. Here, we determined the urine metabolites differences between T2D patients with MA who maintained stable renal function and those who progressed to ERFD in order to identify specific biomarkers of the progression of renal dysfunction. METHODS: A total of 102 T2D patients with MA and normal renal function at baseline were followed up for 5-6 years. Of these, 52 patients were selected and classified into two groups according to the later renal function; 25 patients who experienced ERFD were regarded as the progressive group, while 27 patients who maintained stable renal function were considered as the stable group. In the pilot study, untargeted, broad-spectrum urine metabolomics was performed on the urine of 12 subjects from the progressive group (5 patients as "progressors") and stable group (7 patients as "non-progressors") to discover candidate markers. We then used a targeted metabolomics analysis to identify the selected markers in the urine of an additional 40 patients (20 from the progressive group as cases, and 20 from the stable group as controls) in the validation study. RESULTS: A total of 318 known metabolites were detected in the pilot study and 6 metabolites with significant difference between progressors and non-progressors were identified. The levels of 4 metabolites, including azelaic acid, adipic acid, 5-hydroxyhexanoic acid, and L-tryptophan decreased significantly, while levels of L-pyroglutamic acid and D-norvaline increased observably in the progressors compared with non-progressors. Furthermore, in the validation study, 6 metabolites were confirmed by quantitative measurements and their concentrations were consistent with the changes in the pilot study. Concentrations of L-pyroglutamic acid and D-norvaline still increased in the cases, but were not statistically significant. Of the 4 metabolites with decreased concentrations among the cases, only 5-hydroxyhexanoic acid remained statistically significant while the other 3 metabolites did not differ between cases and controls. CONCLUSION: We have identified urine metabolites and shown that 5-hydroxyhexanoic acid can be used as a predictor of progression of ERFD in T2D patients with MA. This finding provides the new perspective that 5-hydroxyhexanoic acid may be useful to identify T2D patients with MA who are at risk of ERFD.
[Renal disease by type 2 diabetes].; Diabetic nephropathy is the leading cause of end stage renal disease in the Western world. 30-35% of the patients with type 2 diabetes will have micro- or macroalbuminuria, warranting yearly screening. Treatment to prevent diabetic nephropathy is multifactorial, adressing known progression promoters such as blood pressure, glycaemia, dyslipidaemia and smoking and includes antithrombotic prophylaxis. Although progress has been made over the last few decades, there is still an unmet need for improved screening, prevention and treatment since both cardiac and renal morbidity and mortality remains severe in this group of patients.
Serum cystatin C as a marker for early detection of chronic kidney disease and grade 2 nephropathy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a significant cause of hemodialysis, and its early detection is extremely important to prevent or delay end-stage renal disease. The significance of the renal function marker serum cystatin C (sCysC) and its relationship with glomerular filtration rate in chronic kidney disease (CKD) and DN in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes remains uncertain. In this study, we examined the effectiveness of sCysC as a marker of early DN and CKD in Japanese subjects. METHODS: A total of 325 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes and 88 healthy subjects were studied retrospectively. sCysC concentration (mg/L) was determined by a latex turbidmetric immunoassay using a BioMajesty 8040 analyzer. The renal function of the diabetic patients was evaluated using the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) and Kidney Disease Outcome Quality Initiative-Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (K/DOQI-KDIGO) classification. RESULTS: There was a significant increase in sCysC but not in serum creatinine (sCr) or serum β2-microglobulin (sβ2M) in patients with grade 2 DN (ACR 30-300 mg/g) compared to grade 1 patients. Receiver operating characteristic analysis in grade 2 and 3 DN patients showed that sCysC had superior sensitivity and specificity than sCr and sβ2M for early detection of DN. In addition, sCysC showed particularly high sensitivity and specificity in DN patients with stage 2 CKD. CONCLUSIONS: sCysC was effective for detection of grade 2 DN and would be especially useful for screening stage 2 CKD patients (K/DOQI-KDIGO).
Dysglycemia but not lipids is associated with abnormal urinary albumin excretion in diabetic kidney disease: a report from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: The relationship between glycemic control and lipid abnormalities with urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) is unknown. We sought to investigate the association of dyslipidemia and glycemic control with levels of albuminuria in the National Kidney Foundation (NKF) Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) participants with DM and CKD stage 3 or higher. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional study of 6639 eligible KEEP patients with DM and CKD Stage 3 to 5 from June 2008 to December 2009. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the association of lipid parameters (per 10 mg/dl change in serum level) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values with three degrees of albuminuria normo (<30 mg/g), micro (30 to 300 mg/g) and macro (>300 mg/g). RESULTS: 2141 KEEP participants were included. HbA1c levels were strongly associated with micro-albuminuria (compared to normo-albuminuria) and macro-albuminuria (compared to normo-albuminuria and micro-albuminuria). Each 1.0% increase in HbA1c increased the odds of micro-albuminuria by 32% (OR 1.32, 95% CI 1.23-1.42) and the odds of macro-albuminuria (vs. microalbuminuria) by 16% (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.05-1.28). Only increases in serum HDL were associated with decreased odds of micro-albuminuria; otherwise, the association between other components of the serum lipid profile with urinary ACR did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSION: In this cross-sectional study of 2141 KEEP participants with DM and CKD stages 3-5, overall glycemic control but not lipids were associated with abnormal urinary albumin excretion, a marker of increased risk for progressive disease.
Establishment of a method to detect microalbuminuria by measuring the total urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio in diabetic patients.; Diabetes and chronic kidney disease (CKD) which are risk facters of cardiovascular disease, are increasing global public health problems. Microalbuminuria is an early sign of progressive cardiovascular and renal disease in individuals with or without diabetes. Screening for microalbuminuria and early treatment are recommended for patients with increased cardiovascular and renal risk factors. However, the procedure used to measure urinary albumin is expensive. Alternatively, the measurement of total urinary protein is simple and inexpensive. Thus, we aimed to establish a method that could predict the presence of microalbuminuria by measuring the total protein-to-creatinine ratio. Spot urine samples were obtained from 150 patients with diabetes mellitus, and the total protein-to-creatinine ratio and the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) were measured. There was a significant positive correlation between the protein-to-creatinine ratio and the ACR (r = 0.95). The presence of albuminuria (both micro- and macroalbuminuria) could be predicted from the value of the protein-to-creatinine ratio in more than 90% of patients. A receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis revealed that the protein-to-creatinine ratio had a sensitivity and a specificity of 90.8% and 91.9%, respectively, for the detection of albuminuria and a cutoff value of 0.091 g/g creatinine. These results suggest that screening for microalbuminuria can be replaced by the detection of the protein-to-creatinine ratio, which may be cost-effective for patients with cardiovascular risks as well as for the general population.
Exercise-induced albuminuria is associated with perivascular renal sinus fat in individuals at increased risk of type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Microalbuminuria represents an established surrogate marker of early diabetic nephropathy and glomerular microangiopathy. Increasing evidence is emerging of a role of perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) as an important link between obesity, insulin resistance and both macro- and microangiopathy. It is not known whether perivascular renal sinus fat (RSF) has an impact on microalbuminuria in the prediabetic stage. We investigated whether RSF quantified by MRI is associated with microalbuminuria before or after exercise. METHODS: Non-diabetic individuals at increased risk of type 2 diabetes were recruited into the Tübingen Lifestyle Intervention Program (TULIP); 146 participants took part in the analysis. RSF was measured in axial MRI sections at the level of the renal artery. Urine was collected before and after exercise stress testing. RESULTS: Participants (age 47 ± 12 years; mean ± SD) reached a mean exercise load of 176 ± 49 W, with a mean arterial peak pressure (MAPP) of 112 ± 14 mmHg. After adjusting for sex, age, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and MAPP during exercise, RSF was significantly associated with postexercise albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR; p = 0.006). No association between RSF and baseline BP could be observed after adjusting for confounders (p = 0.26), and there was no association between RSF and baseline ACR either (p = 0.2). CONCLUSIONS: RSF is associated with exercise-induced albuminuria independently of sex, age, VAT and MAPP in a non-diabetic cohort at diabetic risk. We conclude that PVAT in the renal sinus may play a role in the pathogenesis of microalbuminuria.
Association Between Matrix Metalloproteinase-3 Activity and Glomerular Filtration Rate and Albuminuria Status in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetic nephropathy is pictured as matrix accumulation and thickening of glomerular basal membrane. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are major proteases involved in extracellular matrix degradation. Moreover, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) primarily regulates plasmin dependent proteolysis. It plays a role in renal fibrosis causing extracellular matrix accumulation through inhibition of plasmin-dependent extracellular matrix degradation. This study investigated PAI-1 serum level and MMP-3 activity and their correlation with glomerular filtration rate in patients with diabetes mellitus. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a case-control design, serum PAI-1 concentrations and MMP-3 activity were measured in 80 patients with normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria, and macroalbuminuria. Receiver operating characteristics curve analysis was used to assess the diagnostic accuracy of MMP-3 activity in discriminating albuminuria. RESULTS: In the patients with microalbuminuria, serum PAI-1 levels were higher compared with macroalbuminuric patients (P < .001). The patients with macroalbuminuria exhibited a significantly lower MMP-3 activity than the patients with microalbuminuria and normoalbuminuria (P < .001). No significant correlation was found between serum MMP-3 activity and serum PAI-1 levels in those with normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria, and macroalbuminuria. The MMP-3 activity had a strong positive correlation with estimated glomerular filtration (r = 0.853, P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: We found that there was a positive correlation between glomerular filtration rate and MMP-3 activity in diabetic patients. This concludes that MMP-3 may have a role in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy progressions towards macroalbuminuria, and therefore, MMP-3 activity may be used in evaluating albuminuria status.
Long-term visit-to-visit glycemic variability as predictor of micro- and macrovascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes: The Rio de Janeiro Type 2 Diabetes Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Long-term visit-to-visit glycemic variability is an additional measure of glycemic control. We aimed to evaluate the prognostic value of several measures of glycemic variability for the occurrence of micro- and macrovascular complications, and all-cause mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: 654 individuals were followed-up over a median of 9.3 years. Glycemic variability (SDs and coefficients of variation of HbA(1c) and fasting glycaemia) was measured during the first 12- and 24-months. Multivariate Cox analysis, adjusted for risk factors and mean HbA(1c) and fasting glycaemia levels, examined the associations between glycemic variability and the occurrence of microvascular (retinopathy, microalbuminuria, renal function deterioration, peripheral neuropathy) and macrovascular complications [total cardiovascular events (CVE), major adverse CVEs (MACE) and cardiovascular mortality], and of all-cause mortality. RESULTS: During follow-up, 128 patients had a CVE (96 MACE), and 158 patients died (67 from cardiovascular diseases); 152 newly-developed or worsened diabetic retinopathy, 183 achieved the renal composite outcome (89 newly developed microalbuminuria and 91 deteriorated renal function), and 96 newly-developed or worsened peripheral neuropathy. Glycemic variability, particularly the 24-month parameters either estimated by HbA(1c) or by fasting glycemia, predicted all endpoints, except for retinopathy and peripheral neuropathy development/progression, and was a better predictor than mean HbA(1c). Glycemic variability predicted retinopathy development/progression in patients with good glycemic control (HbA(1c) ≤ 7.5%, 58 mmol/mol) and predicted new-incident peripheral neuropathy. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term visit-to-visit glycemic variability is an additional and frequently a better glycemic parameter than mean HbA(1c) levels for assessing the risk of future development of micro- and macrovascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Relation of homocysteine to early nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes.; AIM: To explore the relationship between plasma total homocysteine concentration and diabetic nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Chinese patients with Type 2 diabetes (n = 183) were enrolled in a cross-sectional hospital based study. Early diabetic nephropathy status was documented by presence of microalbuminuria. Plasma total homocysteine concentration was measured using fluorescence polarization immunoassay. Traditional risk factors for diabetic nephropathy were obtained from fasting blood samples and interviewer- questionnaire. RESULTS: Plasma total homocysteine levels were higher in subjects with early diabetic nephropathy than without (13.3 ± 2.9) μmol/l vs. (8.5 ± 1.4) μmol/l, p < 0.01). The association of homocysteine with the diabetic nephropathy was independent of major traditional risk factors for diabetic nephropathy (duration of diabetes, HbA1c, and blood pressure) and determinants of higher homocysteine concentration (age, gender, serum folate and vitamin B12, serum cystatin and creatinine levels, and Biguanide use) (OR: 1.37 (0.89 - 2.24), p < 0.05). Furthermore, per increase of 4.0 μmol/l plasma homocysteine was related to nephropathy, after controlling for per unit increase of other factors (OR: 1.15 (0.94 - 1.29), p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Plasma total homocysteine concentration was independently associated with occurrence of early diabetic nephropathy in Chinese patients. Future prospective studies are warranted to clarify the relationship.
The synergistic relationship between estimated GFR and microalbuminuria in predicting long-term progression to ESRD or death in patients with diabetes: results from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; INTRODUCTION: Chronic kidney disease may complicate diabetes, often manifesting with reduced glomerular filtration rate (GFR), albuminuria, or both. Although greater albuminuria and lower estimated GFR both predict adverse prognosis, whether a synergistic prognostic interaction occurs in patients with diabetes has not been defined in a large national cohort study. METHODS: We used 2000-2011 data from the National Kidney Foundation's Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) for 42,761 participants with diabetes. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis and multivariable Cox regression were used to ascertain the association of estimated GFR, albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR), and their interaction on all-cause mortality and progression to end-stage renal disease (ESRD) at a median 4 years of follow-up. RESULTS: Of 42,761 participants with diabetes, 8,618 (20.2%) had estimated GFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2), 7,715 (18.0%) had ACR >30 mg/g, and 2,641 (6.2%) had both. The unadjusted incidence (per 1,000 person-years) of all-cause mortality increased from 3.1 (95% CI, 2.4-3.8) in participants with estimated GFR ≥ 105 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and no albuminuria to 73.7 (95% CI, 54.9-92.5) in participants with estimated GFR <30 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and macroalbuminuria (P < 0.001). Progression to ESRD likewise increased from 0.2 (95% CI, 0-0.4) to 220.4 (95% CI, 177.2-263.6) per 1,000 person-years (P < 0.001). After adjustment for confounders, both estimated GFR and albuminuria were associated independently with mortality and progression to ESRD, with a strong synergistic interaction (P for interaction < 0.001); estimated GFR <30 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and macroalbuminuria together were associated with a 5-fold higher risk of mortality and a more than 1,000-fold higher risk of progression to ESRD (compared with patients with estimated GFR >60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and ACR <30 mg/g; P < 0.001 for both outcomes). CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort of diabetic KEEP participants with more than 170,000 person-years of follow-up, both estimated GFR and albuminuria were associated independently with mortality and progression to ESRD, with a strong synergistic interaction.
Estimating the glomerular filtration rate from serum creatinine is better than from cystatin C for evaluating risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease.; Chronic kidney disease risk factors may associate with the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) differently than with the measured GFR. To examine this, we evaluated 1150 patients (mean age 65 years) in two community cohorts for risk factors, measured GFR by iothalamate clearance, and eGFR based on creatinine (Cr), cystatin C (CysC), or both. The interaction between each risk factor and eGFR (relative to measured GFR) identified risk factor associations with eGFR along non-GFR pathways. In a subset of 40 patients with two visits, the mean coefficient of variation was 8.2% for measured GFR, 6.4% for eGFRCr, 8.2% for eGFRCr-CysC, and 10.7% for eGFRCysC. The measured GFR was better correlated with eGFRCr-CysC (r, 0.74) than eGFRCr (r, 0.70) or eGFRCysC (r, 0.68). Lower measured GFR associated with lower 24-hour urine creatinine, albuminuria, hypertension, diabetes, higher triglycerides, and higher uric acid. Lower eGFRCr had these same associations except for an association with higher 24-hour urine creatinine along a non-GFR pathway. Lower eGFRCysC and eGFRCr-CysC also had these same associations but also associated with obesity, albuminuria, hypertension, diabetes, higher triglycerides, higher C-reactive protein, and higher uric acid along non-GFR pathways. Thus, cystatin C improves estimation of GFR over creatinine alone; however, the association between most of the risk factors and GFR was more accurate by eGFR based on creatinine alone. This is explained by the association of these risk factors with the non-GFR determinants of cystatin C.
Screening of diabetic patients for microalbuminuria in primary care--The PROSIT-Project. Proteinuria Screening and Intervention.; The PROSIT (Proteinuria Screening and Intervention) Project started in 1993 in order to obtain data on the prevalence of micro- and macroalbuminuria in diabetic patients treated in primary care, to establish an easy screening programme for microalbuminuria, in which also diabetic patients can participate in self-responsibility, and to implement a specific intervention programme for incipient nephropathy. In 58 representative doctor's offices 647 diabetic patients were included, who performed at home self-tests for microalbuminuria on three days within one week using the early morning urine and a newly developed qualitative immunologic test-strip for microalbuminuria. After storage they returned the same urine samples to their doctors' offices for semiquantitative retesting with the immunologic test-strip Micral-Test II. In case of positive results the proteinuria dipstick Combur-9-Test was applied in order to exclude other causes of positive microalbuminuria (e.g. urinary tract infection). Data of 569 patients (6% Type 1, 88% Type 2 and 6% secondary diabetes) could be analysed. Both qualitative self-testing for microalbuminuria at home and semiquantitative retesting in doctors' offices were found to be feasible. Based on semiquantitative retesting the prevalences of microalbuminuria (macroalbuminuria) were 19.6% (0%) in Type 1 diabetes, 17.2% (10.8%) in Type 2 diabetes and 11.7% (7.8%) in secondary diabetes. Type 2 diabetic patients showed a clear correlation between albuminuria and diabetes duration, HbA1c, serum creatinine, triglycerides as well as micro- and macrovascular complications. 227 patients with micro- or macroalbuminuria were included into the ongoing PROSIT intervention programme.
Office and ambulatory pulse pressure--association with clinical characteristics and cardiovascular risk factors in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes (ROADMAP study).; To investigate the association of office and ambulatory 24-h pulse pressure (PP) with clinical characteristics and cardiovascular risk factors in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients enrolled to the Randomised Olmesartan and Diabetes Microalbuminuria Prevention study, 4449 patients (2054 male and 2395 female; mean age 57.7±8.7 years) with type 2 diabetes, normoalbuminuria and at least one additional cardiovascular risk factor were included into the analysis. After adjustment by age, there were significant correlations between office PP and presence of hypertension (r=0.24; P<0.001), presence of cardiac and vascular disorders (r=0.17; P<0.001), metabolic syndrome (r=0.10; P<0.001), duration of diabetes (r=0.09; P<0.001), fasting blood glucose (r=0.08; P<0.001), albumin/creatinine ratio (r=0.07; P<0.001), insulin treatment, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), male gender and current smoking. In the subgroup of 1234 patients with ambulatory blood pressure measurement performed, ambulatory PP adjusted for office PP correlated with fasting blood glucose (r=0.16; P<0.001), metabolic syndrome (r=0.14; P<0.001), albumin/creatinine ratio (r=0.11; P<0.001) and indices of glycemic control (HbA1c: r=0.11; P<0.001). In this group of normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetic patients, office and ambulatory PP were associated with duration of diabetes, indices of glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors. There was relationship between office and ambulatory PP and albuminuria even within normal albuminuria range.
Serum uric acid is related to cardiovascular events and correlates with N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide and albuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Hyperuricemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular events and renal insufficiency. It correlates to intima-media thickness and microalbuminuria. In this study we evaluated uric acid as an independent marker for cardiac events in patients with diabetes. METHODS: In a prospective observational study we recruited 494 patients with diabetes. Patients were then followed for 12.8 months (mean follow-up) and hospitalizations as a result of cardiac events (ischaemic heart disease, arrhythmias, heart failure) were recorded. RESULTS: The median duration of diabetes was 11 ± 10.35 years. Patients were in the mean 60 ± 13 years old and mean HbA(1c) was 62 ± 13 mmol/mol (7.8 ± 3.3%). At baseline, mean uric acid was 321.2 ± 101.1 μmol/l (range 101.1-743.5 μmol/l), median N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide was 92 ± 412 pg/ml and median urinary albumin to creatinine ratio was 8 ± 361 mg/g; Uric acid significantly correlated to N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (r = 0.237, P < 0.001) and urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (r = 0.198, P < 0.001). In a Cox regression model, including age, estimated glomerular filtration rate, gender, systolic blood pressure, smoking and alcohol consumption, uric acid was the best predictor of cardiac events (hazard ratio 1.331, confidence interval 1.095-1.616, P = 0.04). However, uric acid lost its prognostic value when the natural logarithm of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide was added to the model. CONCLUSION: Serum uric acid is a predictor of cardiac events and correlates to N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide and albuminuria, underscoring the importance of uric acid as a cardiovascular risk marker in patients with diabetes.
Microalbuminuria and mortality in long-duration type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Microalbuminuria is a recognized risk factor for increased mortality and renal failure in type 1 diabetes. Whether it remains a powerful predictor in patients with a long duration of type 1 diabetes is not known. We ascertained the prognostic significance of abnormal urinary albumin excretion in a cohort of patients with at least 30 years of type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 190 patients with a disease duration of type 1 diabetes of at least 30 years with baseline and 5 years of follow-up. RESULTS: At baseline 66% were normoalbuminuric, and at 5 years 11% of this cohort had died. Of the 22% who were microalbuminuric at baseline, 26% had died, and of the 8% with persistent proteinuria at baseline, 44% had died. Of the 4% with end-stage renal failure at baseline, 71% had died within 5 years. Death was attributable to a cardiovascular cause in two-thirds of the cases in all groups. CONCLUSIONS: Even in those with a long duration of type 1 diabetes, the presence of abnormal urinary excretion remains a powerful predictor of increased mortality.
Cystatin C as an early biomarker of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.; This study was done to evaluate clinical usefulness of cystatin C levels of serum and urine in predicting renal impairment in normoalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes and to evaluate the association between albuminuria and serum/urine cystatin C. Type 2 diabetic patients (n = 332) with normoalbuminuria (n = 210), microalbuminuria (n = 83) and macroalbuminuria (n = 42) were enrolled. Creatinine, urinary albumin levels, serum/urine cystatin C and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR by MDRD [Modification of Diet in Renal Disease] and CKD-EPI [Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration] equations) were determined. The cystatin C levels of serum and urine increased with increasing degree of albuminuria, reaching higher levels in macroalbuminuric patients (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, serum cystatin C was affected by C-reactive protein (CRP), sex, albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) and eGFR. Urine cystatin C was affected by triglyceride, age, eGFR and ACR. In multivariate logistic analysis, cystatin C levels of serum and urine were identified as independent factors associated with eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) estimated by MDRD equation in patients with normoalbuminuria. On the other hand, eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) estimated by CKD-EPI equation was independently associated with low level of high-density lipoprotein in normoalbuminuric patients. The cystatin C levels of serum and urine could be useful markers for renal dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria.
Prevalence, risk factors and awareness of albuminuria on a Canadian First Nation: a community-based screening study.; BACKGROUND: Both diabetic and non-diabetic end stage renal disease (ESRD) are more common among Canadian First Nations people than among the general Canadian population. The purpose of this research was to determine the prevalence of and risk factors for albuminuria in a Canadian First Nation population at high risk for ESRD and dialysis. METHODS: Data from a community-based screening study of 483 residents of a Plains Ojibway First Nation in Manitoba was used. Participants provided random urine samples. Proteinuria was defined as any dipstick positive for protein (≥1 g/L) or those with ACR in the macroalbuminuric range (≥30 mg/mmol) on at least one sample. Microalbuminuria was defined as ACR ≥2 mg/mmol for males and ≥2.8 mg/mmol for females. Other measures included fasting glucose, haemoglobin A1c, triglycerides, cholesterol, blood pressure, height, weight and waist and hip circumferences. RESULTS: Twenty percent of study participants had albuminuria, (5% proteinuria and 15% microalbuminuria). Of participants with diabetes, 42% (56/132) had albuminuria compared to 26% (7/27) among those with impaired fasting glucose and 10% (30/303) among those with normal glucose tolerance. Only 5.3% of those with albuminuria were aware of any degree of renal disease. In a multivariate logistic regression, independent associations with albuminuria were male gender [p = 0.002], increasing fasting glucose [p <0.0001], years diagnosed with diabetes [p = 0.03], increasing systolic blood pressure [p = 0.009], and increasing body mass index (BMI) [p = 0.04]. CONCLUSIONS: The independent association between BMI and albuminuria has not been previously reported among indigenous populations. There is a high prevalence of albuminuria in this Canadian First Nation population; the high proportion of patients with diabetes and undiagnosed kidney disease demonstrates the need for screening, education and intervention to halt the progression and development of albuminuria and ultimately ESRD and CVD.
The comparison of cystatin C and creatinine as an accurate serum marker in the prediction of type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; In a clinic-based, cross-sectional study of 320 type 2 diabetic patients, we staged the level of diabetic nephropathy (normoalbuminuric, microalbuminuric and macroalbuminuric stage) and estimated GFR based on serum creatinine and cystatin C (CysC). Serum creatinine and CysC levels were 0.91+/-0.21 mg/dL and 0.87+/-0.26 mg/L, respectively. Correlation coefficients between CysC-GFR and each of the creatinine-based GFR measurements (MDRD-GFR, Cockcroft-Gault-GFR, and CLcr) were 0.589, 0.569, and 0.479 (p<0.001). Serum CysC was significantly lower in normoalbuminurics (0.83+/-0.22) than in microalbuminurics and macroalbuminurics (0.94+/-0.33 and 1.05+/-0.28; p=0.004 and p<0.001). Of the estimations of GFR, significant differences among the groups were found on CysC-GFR and CLcr. CysC-GFR (mL/min) was statistically lower in macroalbuminurics (79.5+/-30.5) than in normoalbuminurics (104.3+/-30.9, p=0.01). The logistic regression analyses showed that retinopathy, A1C, CysC, diabetic duration, and CysC-GFR were indicators to predict the development of microalbuminuria. Serum CysC seems to be more accurate serum marker than serum creatinine in evaluating a prognostic stage of type 2 diabetic nephropathy. Our study suggests that, in Korean type 2 diabetic patients, CysC-based GFR might be more valuable than creatinine-based GFR in the prediction of the microalbuminuric stage.
A prospective two-center study on the associations between microalbuminuria, coronary atherosclerosis and long-term clinical outcome in asymptomatic patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: evaluation by coronary CT angiography.; This study assessed the associations between microalbuminuria in asymptomatic patients with type 2 diabetes and the presence, extent, and severity of coronary atherosclerosis, as measured by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA), and the long-term clinical outcomes. In total, the study enrolled 284 consecutive eligible asymptomatic patients with type 2 diabetes and without known coronary artery disease (CAD), who then underwent CCTA and 24 h urine albumin measurements. Microalbuminuria was defined as 30-300 mg/day urinary albumin excretion. Obstructive CAD, as measured by CCTA, was defined as maximum intra-luminal stenosis ≥50 %. Patients with and without microalbuminuria were compared in terms of obstructive CAD prevalence, and the extent and severity of coronary atherosclerosis. They were evaluated using the following data: coronary artery calcium score (CACS), atheroma burden obstructive score (ABOS), segment involvement score (SIS) and segment stenosis score (SSS). All-cause mortality within a follow-up period of 5 years was also compared. Compared to patients without microalbuminuria, patients with microalbuminuria were more likely to have obstructive CAD (p = 0.004). Microalbuminuria was associated with higher ABOS (p = 0.010), SIS (p = 0.029), and SSS (p = 0.011), except for CACS (p = 0.058). Multivariable analyses adjusted for conventional cardiovascular risk factors revealed that microalbuminuria was an independent predictor of obstructive CAD [odds ratio 2.255, confidence intervals (CI) 1.121-4.538, p = 0.023] and all-cause mortality (hazard ratio 3.469, CI 1.319-9.121, p = 0.012). In asymptomatic patients with type 2 diabetes, microalbuminuria was associated with increased risk of CAD and poorer clinical outcomes.
Clinical significance and different levels of urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1(MCP-1) is a cytokine that exhibits most potent chemotactic activity toward monocytes. It is suggested to be implicated in the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy by playing a role in infiltration of monocyte/macrophage. Recent studies have demonstrated that urinary monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (uMCP-1) is different at different stages of diabetic nephropathy. Based on these findings, the aim of this study is to examine the level of uMCP-1 and its clinical significance at different stages of diabetic nephropathy and at the same time to describe the relationship between uMCP-1 and the various parameters. METHODS: Fifty-nine cases with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were divided into three groups according to urine albumin excretion (UAE): normal albuminuria group, microalbuminuria group and macroalbuminuria group. The levels of uMCP-1, protein excretion, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine (s-Cr), glycohemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood pressure and blood fat were measured in 59 patients with T2DM and 27 healthy adults as controls. Results Compared with normal control, levels of uMCP-1 in T2DM were significantly high, which were already elevated in normal albuminuria group. Compared with normal albuminuria group, levels of uMCP-1 in microalbuminuria group and macroalbuminuria group were significantly high. Levels of uMCP-1 in macroalbuminuria group were higher than those in microalbuminuria group. The level of uMCP-1 was positively correlated with UAE, systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in T2DM patients, while it had no significant correlation with HbA1c(,) triglyceride (TG) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). CONCLUSIONS: MCP-1 is suggested to be implicated in the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy. It is very important to measure the level of uMCP-1 in the diagnosis and intervention of early diabetic nephropathy.
The need for early predictors of diabetic nephropathy risk: is albumin excretion rate sufficient?; Initial studies showing an approximately 80% rate of progression from microalbuminuria (MA) to proteinuria in type 1 diabetic patients led to the broad acceptance of MA as a useful clinical predictor of increased diabetic nephropathy (DN) risk. Some MA patients, however, have quite advanced renal structural changes, and MA may, in these cases, be a marker rather than a predictor of DN. More recent studies have observed only about a 30-45% risk of progression of MA to proteinuria over 10 years, while about 30% of type 1 diabetic patients with MA became normoalbuminuric and the rest remained microalbuminuric. The finding that some MA patients have only mild diabetic renal lesions is consistent with the lower than originally estimated risk of progression from MA to proteinuria and with the notion that some MA patients revert to normoalbuminuria. To increase the complexity of the scenario, some normoalbuminuric long-standing type 1 diabetic patients have well-established DN lesions and approximately 40% of all patients destined to progress to proteinuria are normoalbuminuric at initial screening, despite many years of diabetes. A similar picture is emerging in type 2 diabetic patients, although fewer studies have been conducted. Thus, the predictive precision for MA to progress to overt nephropathy over the subsequent decade or so is considerably less than originally described. It is unclear whether this is due to changes in the natural history of DN resulting from improved glycemia and blood pressure control, or whether there were overestimates of risk in the original studies due to the small sample sizes, post hoc analyses, and variable MA definitions. Albumin excretion rate (AER) remains the best available noninvasive predictor of DN risk and should be regularly measured according to established guidelines. However, AER may be unable to define patients who are safe from or at risk of DN with an accuracy that is adequate for optimal clinical decision making or for the design of certain clinical trials. Investigations into new risk markers or into the combined use of several currently available predictive parameters are needed.
Expression Level of Circulating Cell Free miR-155 Gene in Serum of Patients with Diabetic Nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease worldwide. Several factors are known to contribute to the development and progression of diabetic nephropathy. Different microRNAs have been shown to contribute in the pathogenesis of DN. This study, aimed to evaluate the expression level of circulating miR-155 in patients with diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: In this case-control study, 83 diabetic patients and normal subjects were evaluated in four groups of normal healthy subjects without diabetes and nephropathy, diabetes without nephropathy, diabetes with microalbuminuria, and diabetes with macroalbuminuria. After RNA extraction from serum and cDNA synthesis, the expression of circulating miR-155 was evaluated by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). RESULTS: Expression level of cell-free miR-155 was significantly lower in diabetics compared to the normal healthy controls (p < 0.05). However, no significant difference was found in miR-155 expression level between different diabetes groups with different conditions of kidney function. Furthermore, we detected a significant negative correlation between cell-free miR-155 expression and GFR only in patients with microalbuminuria (r = -0.70, p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: It seems that miR-155 can discriminate diabetic and nondiabetic status, but is not an appropriate biomarker for tracking of macroalbuminuria.
Abnormal albuminuria as a predictor of mortality and renal impairment in Chinese patients with NIDDM.; OBJECTIVE: Microalbuminuria predicts mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), but its association with deterioration of renal function remains more controversial than in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Using albumin-to-creatinine ratios (ACRs) in random spot urine samples is a convenient method for evaluating albuminuria. We studied prospectively the predictive values of albuminuria in NIDDM when assessed by this urine measurement. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Between 1991 and 1992, we restudied the clinical and biochemical status of 403 Chinese NIDDM patients recruited in 1989 after a follow-up period of 26.6 +/- 3.2 months (mean +/- SD). Spot urine ACR was measured on two occasions and microalbuminuria was defined as a mean ACR between 5.6 and 38 mg/mmol. RESULTS: From the original cohort, 29 patients had died mostly because of cardiovascular events with or without renal failure. The overall relative risk of death in patients with abnormal albuminuria was 7.1 (P < 0.001) (microalbuminuria: 3.7, P = 0.04; macroalbuminuria: 11, P < 0.001). On multivariate analysis, the independent predictive factors for mortality were plasma creatinine (wald = 12.1, P < 0.001) and glucose concentrations (wald = 10.4, P < 0.001) in the normo- and microalbuminuric patients (n = 11) and age (wald = 4.4, P = 0.03) and plasma creatinine (wald = 8.2, P < 0.01) in the macroalbuminuric group (n = 18). In the survivors (n = 374), baseline spot urine ACR was independently associated with 2-year spot urine ACR in the normo- (P < 0.001), micro- (P < 0.01), and macroalbuminuric groups (P = 0.01). In addition, baseline spot urine ACR was independently related to 2-year plasma creatinine (P = 0.01) in the macroalbuminuric group. The rates of change of the reciprocal of plasma creatinine ( delta [Cr]-1) were -27.3 +/- 62.5, -43.4 +/- 68.6, and -108.8 +/- 98.81.mumol01.month-1 in the normo-, micro-, and macroalbuminuric groups, respectively (P < 0.001). The delta [Cr]-1 was independently and inversely related to the baseline spot urine ACR (P < 0.001) and 2-year systolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal albuminuria as indicated by a random spot urine ACR > 5.6 mg/mmol predicts increased mortality and is associated with the progression of albuminuria and deterioration of renal function in Chinese NIDDM patients.
Predictive value of dynamic renal resistive index (DRIN) for renal outcome in type 2 diabetes and essential hypertension: a prospective study.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension (EH) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are major causes of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and identification of predictors of CKD onset is advisable. We aimed to assess whether dynamic renal resistive index (DRIN), as well as other markers of systemic vascular damage, are able to predict albuminuria onset and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline in patients with T2DM or EH. METHODS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 27 T2DM and 43 EH patients, free of CKD at baseline, were followed-up for 4.1 ± 0.6 years. Resistive Index (RI), endothelium-dependent (FMD) and independent vasodilation in the brachial artery (after glyceryl trinitrate - GTN - 25 μg s.l.), carotid-femoral Pulse Wave Velocity (PWV), Augmentation Index (AIx), DRIN (%RI change after GTN 25 μg s.l.) were evaluated. RESULTS: Patients developing microalbuminuria were older, more frequently T2DM, with higher UACR at baseline, and showed higher DRIN (-2.8 ± 6.7 vs -10.6 ± 6.4 %, p = 0.01) and PWV (9.9 ± 1.3 vs 7.9 ± 1.5 m/s, p = 0.004) at baseline. The best predictors of microalbuminuria onset were DRIN > -5.16 % in T2DM (sensitivity 0.83, specificity 0.80) and PWV > 8.6 m/s in EH (sensitivity 0.96, specificity 1.00). Individuals whose eGFR declined (n = 27) had higher eGFR at baseline, but similar vascular characteristics; however in EH showing eGFR decline, baseline DRIN and PWV were higher. PWV showed a steeper progression during follow-up in patients developing albuminuria (Visit-outcome interaction: p = 0.01), while DRIN was early compromised but no further impaired (Visit-outcome interaction: p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: PWV and DRIN are able to predict microalbuminuria onset in newly diagnosed EH and T2DM. DRIN is early compromised in T2DM patients developing microalbuminuria.
A new tool to detect kidney disease in Chinese type 2 diabetes patients: comparison of EZSCAN with standard screening methods.; BACKGROUND: EZSCAN(®) (Impeto Medical, Paris, France), a noninvasive device that assesses sweat gland dysfunction using reverse iontophoresis, also detects early dysglycemia. Given the interrelationships among dysglycemia, vasculopathy, and neuropathy, EZSCAN may detect kidney disease in diabetes (DKD). METHODS: An EZSCAN score (0-100) was calculated using a proprietary algorithm based on the chronoamperometry analysis. We measured the score in 50 Chinese type 2 diabetes patients without DKD (urinary albumin-creatinine ratio [ACR] <2.5 mg/mmol in men or ACR <3.5 mg/mmol in women and estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] >90 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) and 50 with DKD (ACR ≥25 mg/mmol and eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)). We used spline analysis to determine the threshold value of the score in detecting DKD and its sensitivity and specificity. RESULTS: EZSCAN scores were highly correlated with log values of eGFR (r=0.67, P<0.0001) and ACR (r=-0.66, P<0.0001). Using a cutoff value of 55, the score had 94% sensitivity, 78% specificity, and a likelihood ratio of 4.2 to detect DKD with a positive predictive value of 81% and a negative predictive value of 93%. On multivariable analysis, DKD was independently associated with EZSCAN score (β=-0.72, P=0.02), smoking status (1=never, 0=current/former) (β=-2.37, P=0.02), retinopathy (1=yes, 0=no) (β=3.019, P=0.01), triglycerides (β=2.56, P=0.013), and blood hemoglobin (β=-0.613, P=0.04). Patients without DKD but low EZSCAN score (n=10) had longer duration of disease (median [interquartile range], 13 [9-17] vs. 8 [4-16] years; P=0.017) and were more likely to have retinopathy (36.7% vs. 5.1%, P=0.02), lower eGFR (98 [95.00-103] vs. 106 [98.5-115], P=0.036), and treatment with renin-angiotensin system blockers (81.8% vs. 25.6%, P=0.002) than those with a normal score. CONCLUSION: EZSCAN may detect high-risk subjects for DKD in Chinese populations.
Brachial-Ankle Pulse Wave Velocity as a Novel Modality for Detecting Early Diabetic Nephropathy in Type 2 Diabetes Patients.; Brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) has been shown to correlate with a host of disorders associated with arterial stiffness. Type 2 diabetes is associated with the involvement of both small vessels and large vessels. Studies on the relevance of baPWV to early diabetic nephropathy are scarce. This retrospective observational case-control study enrolled 120 patients with type 2 diabetes from our medical records. We classified patients into two groups depending on the magnitude of albuminuria: 60 patients with microalbuminuria were classified as the early diabetic nephropathy group (EDN group) and 60 patients without albuminuria were classified as the diabetes without nephropathy group (DWN group). An additional 30 nondiabetic age- and sex-matched controls were also enrolled. Data regarding the lipid profile, blood pressure, baPWV, high-sensitivity C reactive protein (hs-CRP) level, anthropometric measurements, urine albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR), serum creatinine level, and glycemic control indices (i.e., fasting plasma glucose (FPG), postprandial glucose (PPG), and glycosylated hemoglobin (hemoglobin A1c, HbA1c)) were recorded for all enrolled participants. baPWV was significantly higher in the EDN group than in the DWN group. Moreover, baPWV was positively correlated with age, duration of diabetes, obesity, poor glycemic control, and high serum levels of triglycerides (TG), hs-CRP, creatinine, and uric acid as well as a high UACR (all P < 0.01). A significant negative correlation was found between baPWV and high-density lipoprotein levels (P < 0.05). Multivariate regression analysis showed that the hs-CRP level and duration of diabetes most strongly influenced baPWV. baPWV may be a convenient, noninvasive, and reproducible method for detecting early diabetic nephropathy.
Prevalence of increased albumin excretion rate in young saudi adults.; INTRODUCTION: Albuminuria is an important risk predictor of chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular disease. In this study, we aim to evaluate the prevalence of increased urinary albumin excretion (UAE) rate amongst a subgroup of young Saudi army/navy recruits. METHODS: 2,000 Saudi military recruits were tested for microalbuminuria by dipstick and 24-hour urine collection for quantitative evaluation. RESULTS: In the whole group studied, the rate of microalbuminuria-positive dipstick testing was 10.3% (n = 206), but decreased on quantitative evaluation of 24-hour urine collection to 6.2% (n = 124). Increased UAE was independently associated with diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT), obesity, male gender and hypercholesterolemia. 55 of the 124 (44.4%) were diabetics while 14 (11.3%) were hypertensives. Around 21% of individuals with albuminuria were obese; body mass index for the whole group with albuminuria = 31.15 +/- 5.8 kg/m(2) and showed no gender difference. Increased risk of albuminuria was noted with DM (OR = 5.07 [3.5-7.4], p < 0.0001), obesity (OR = 1.59 [1.0-2.5], p = 0.042) and HT (OR = 1.8 [1.0-3.2], p = 0.046). An estimated glomerular filtration rate of approximately 77 ml/min/1.73 m(2) was present in the whole group with a significantly lower level in macroalbuminuric subjects compared to those with microalbuminuria (p = 0.03). Also, age was higher in the macroalbuminuric group (p = 0.004) with comparable prevalence of DM (47.4 vs. 45.2%, p = NS). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first description of increased UAE in a small percentage of young adult Arab subjects from Saudi Arabia detected through a selective screening process carried out on potential army recruits. It highlights the association of albuminuria in the general population with predisposing conditions such as DM, HT and obesity.
Who is tested for diabetic kidney disease and who initiates treatment? The Translating Research Into Action For Diabetes (TRIAD) Study.; OBJECTIVE: We examined factors associated with screening for albuminuria and initiation of ACE inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) treatment in diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted surveys and medical record reviews for 5,378 patients participating in a study of diabetes care in managed care at baseline (2000-2001) and follow-up (2002-2003). Factors associated with testing for albuminuria were examined in cross-sectional analysis at baseline. Factors associated with initiating ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy were determined prospectively. RESULTS: At baseline, 52% of patients not receiving ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy and without known diabetic kidney disease (DKD) were screened for albuminuria. Patients > or =65 years of age, those with higher HbA(1c), those with cardiovascular disease (CVD), and those without hyperlipidemia were less likely to be screened. Of the patients with positive screening tests, 47% began ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy. Initiation of therapy was associated with positive screening test results, BMI > or =25 kg/m(2), treatment with insulin or oral antidiabetic agents, peripheral neuropathy, systolic blood pressure > or =140 mmHg, and CVD. Of the patients receiving ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy or with known DKD, 63% were tested for albuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for albuminuria was inadequate, especially in older patients or those with competing medical concerns. The value of screening could be increased if more patients with positive screening tests initiated ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy. The efficiency of screening could be improved by limiting screening to diabetic patients not receiving ACE inhibitor/ARB therapy and without known DKD.
Proteomic identification of urinary biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy is a serious complication of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, and, unless arrested, leads to end-stage renal disease. Current diagnosis consists of urine assays of microalbuminuria, which have inadequate specificity and sensitivity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used proteomic analyses to identify novel biomarkers of nephropathy in urine from type 2 diabetic patients with demonstrated normo-, micro-, or macroalbuminuria. Samples were analyzed by fluorescence two-dimensional (2-D) differential in-gel electrophoresis (DIGE), and protein identification was performed by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: 2-D DIGE analysis of the urinary proteome in diabetes with nephropathy identified 195 protein spots representing 62 unique proteins. These proteins belonged to several functional groups, i.e., cell development, cell organization, defense response, metabolism, and signal transduction. Comparisons between control and diabetic subjects with different stages of renal dysfunction revealed the differential expression of several proteins. Spot volume quantification identified 7 proteins that were progressively upregulated with increasing albuminuria and 4 proteins that exhibited progressive downregulation. The majority of these potential candidate biomarkers were glycoproteins. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate the ability of proteomic analyses to reveal potential biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy in urine, an important step forward in advancing accurate diagnosis and our understanding of disease mechanisms.
Accuracy of urine dipstick test for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; BACKGROUND: Testing for microalbuminuria (MA) is an important tool for detection of the earliest clinical manifestation of diabetic nephropathy Dipstick test for MA is commonly used for screening MA but this dipstick test has not been validated in Thai patients with DM. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the dipstick test for MA in random spot urine samples of type 2 diabetic mellitus patients, using urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (UACR) as the reference standard method. MATERIAL AND METHOD: Type 2 diabetic mellitus patients from the out-patient department of seven public hospitals were recruited. Random spot urine samples from all patients were screened for microalbuminuria by Combi-Screen dipstick test and UACR. RESULTS: A total of 6,223 urine samples from 899 diabetic patients were screened for MA. From UACR criteria, these urine samples were classified as normoalbuminuria (4,016 samples, 64.5%), MA (1,795 samples, 28.8%) and macroalbuminuria (412 samples, 6.6%). The dipstick test for MA had an overall sensitivity of 83.7%, specificity of 92.6% with a positive predictive value of 83.4% and a negative predictive value of 92.7%. The area under the receiver operating characteristics curve of the dipstick test for MA is 0.9427. CONCLUSION: The dipstick test for MA may be a useful method to initially screen for MA in Thai patients with type 2 DM.
Risk factors for ESRD in individuals with preserved estimated GFR with and without albuminuria: results from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: Given the increasing costs and poor outcomes of end-stage renal disease (ESRD), we sought to identify risk factors for ESRD in people with preserved estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), with or without albuminuria, who were at high risk of ESRD. METHODS: This cohort study included participants in the National Kidney Foundation's Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) with eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) at baseline stratified by the presence or absence of albuminuria. The Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration equation was used to calculate eGFR. Urine was tested for albuminuria by semiquantitative dipstick. The outcome was the development of treated chronic kidney failure, defined as initiation of maintenance dialysis therapy or kidney transplantation, determined by linkage to the US Renal Data System. We used a Cox model with the Fine-Gray method to assess risk factors for treated chronic kidney failure while accounting for the competing risk of death. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 4.8 years, 126 of 13,923 participants with albuminuria (16/10,000 patient-years) and 56 of 109,135 participants without albuminuria (1.1/10,000 patient-years) developed treated chronic kidney failure. Diabetes was a strong risk factor for developing treated chronic kidney failure in participants with and without albuminuria (adjusted HRs of 9.3 [95% CI, 5.7-15.3] and 7.8 [95% CI, 4.1-14.8], respectively). Black race, lower eGFR, and higher systolic blood pressure also were associated with higher adjusted risks of developing treated chronic kidney failure. CONCLUSIONS: In a diverse high-risk cohort of KEEP participants with preserved eGFR, we showed that diabetes, higher systolic blood pressure, lower eGFR, and black race were risk factors for developing treated chronic kidney failure irrespective of albuminuria status, although the absolute risk of kidney failure in participants without albuminuria was very low. Our findings support testing for kidney disease in high-risk populations, which often have otherwise unrecognized kidney disease.
Clinical usefulness of measurement of urinary albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.; Mortality in diabetes mellitus is related mainly to its renal and cardiovascular sequelae. Microalbuminuria identifies those at increased risk of both complications, possibly because microalbuminuria is a marker of generalised endothelial dysfunction. Screening for microalbuminuria is of proven benefit in insulin-dependent diabetes, as therapeutic strategies are available that are at least partially effective. Such benefits have not yet been demonstrated in non-insulin-dependent diabetes. Arguments are presented to suggest that microalbuminuria should be defined on the basis of three or more daytime or 24-h urine collections. This increases sensitivity compared to the use of overnight urine collections while specificity is maintained.
Is cystatin C a useful marker in the detection of diabetic kidney disease?; BACKGROUND/AIMS: To evaluate cystatin C as a marker of diabetic kidney disease in normoalbuminuric diabetic patients without chronic kidney disease (CKD). METHODS: A cross- sectional study was carried out comprising 243 hypertensive patients, 61 of them with type 2 diabetes, presenting normoalbuminuria and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) >or=60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). Renal function assessment included determinations of serum creatinine and cystatin C levels, microalbuminuria, as well as eGFR through Cockcroft-Gault and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equations. RESULTS: Diabetic patients presented higher cystatin C levels than nondiabetic patients (0.95 +/- 0.19 vs. 0.89 +/- 0.17 mg/l; p < 0.05). In the binary logistic regression, the presence of diabetes and metabolic syndrome was significantly associated with elevated cystatin C levels. Diabetic patients also presented a slightly greater albuminuria (6.72 +/- 4.43 vs. 5.07 +/- 3.59 microg/min; p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that elevated cystatin C levels in diabetic patients may identify a certain degree of renal dysfunction even when albuminuria and eGFR do not mirror CKD. Longitudinal studies with direct GFR measures need to be done in order to confirm the value of cystatin C as an indicative of worse renal outcomes in the diabetic population.
Screening for early diabetic nephropathy: which sample to detect microalbuminuria?; In a study to monitor the acceptability of using a timed overnight urine collection to measure microalbuminuria in a large diabetic population, it was found that only 184 (69.4%) of 265 diabetics returned the urine collection to the hospital laboratory. Three proposals for an initial screening test to predict high risk microalbuminuria were analysed. Proposal I: a random urinary albumin concentration (RAC) greater than 25 micrograms/ml predicts an overnight albumin excretion rate (AER) greater than 30 micrograms/min. In 159 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 56%, specificity 81%, and predictive value 15%. Proposal II: an albumin concentration greater than 20 micrograms/ml in an early morning urine sample predicts an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/min. In 175 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 86%, specificity 97%, and predictive value 71%. Proposal III: an albumin/creatinine ratio (albumin mg/l creatinine mmol/l) greater than 3.5 in an early morning urine sample predicts an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/minute. In 171 diabetics, the sensitivity of this screening test was 100%, specificity 95%, and predictive value 64%. It is concluded that an albumin/creatinine ratio performed on an early morning urine sample brought to the diabetic clinic would be a useful initial screening test to detect an overnight AER greater than 30 micrograms/min.
Peripheral arterial endothelial dysfunction predicts future cardiovascular events in diabetic patients with albuminuria: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Reactive hyperemia-peripheral arterial tonometry (RH-PAT) is a noninvasive and simple test for evaluating the endothelial function. There has been sparse evidence on the usefulness of the RH-PAT index (RHI) in predicting future cardiovascular diseases among diabetic patients. METHODS: Asymptomatic diabetic patients with albuminuria were selected; their medical history and laboratory findings were evaluated every 3 to 4 months, respectively. The primary outcome was a composite of three-point major adverse cardiovascular events (3-point MACE): death from cardiovascular causes, acute coronary events, or nonfatal stroke. On the contrary, secondary outcomes included a composite of 3-point MACE, hospitalization for heart failure, or chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression. RHI was measured using the Endo-PAT2000 at the baseline. RHI < 1.67 was considered to indicate peripheral endothelial dysfunction (PED). RESULTS: In total, 149 subjects were included (mean age, 61.8 ± 9.2 years; duration of diabetes was 12 years). During the follow-up period (median, 49.7 months), of the 149 subjects, primary outcomes were detected in 12 (1 [2.3%] and 11 [10.5%] of those without and with PED, respectively). The presence of PED in baseline measurements significantly increased both primary and secondary outcomes, following adjustment for age, sex, hypertension, glycated hemoglobin, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, systolic blood pressure, baseline estimated glomerular filtration rate, overt proteinuria, duration of diabetes, premedical history of ischemic events, anti-platelet agents, and smoking history (hazard ratio [HR]: 10.95; 95% confidence interval CI 1.00-119.91 for the primary outcome; HR, 4.12; 95% CI 1.37-12.41 for secondary outcome). In addition, PED could predict secondary outcomes independent of the risk score according to the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association (HR: 3.24; 95% CI 1.14-9.17). CONCLUSIONS: PED can independently predict future cardiovascular events among diabetic patients with albuminuria.
Comparison of the usefulness of plasma levels of oxidatively modified forms of albumin in estimating kidney dysfunction in diabetic patients.; PURPOSE: Advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) and ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) are forms of oxidatidatively modified albumin and have recently been investigated as indicators of oxidative stress. They are increased in different disorders, including diabetes mellitus, as a result of hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and hypoxia. The usefulness of the plasma levels of these two parameters in estimating kidney dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients (T2DM) was compared in this study. METHODS: Plasma levels of AOPP and IMA were determined spectrophotometrically in 218 individuals, 153 patients with T2DM and 65 healthy people.. The urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) was used as the reference to define the stage of kidney dysfunction by the assessment of the degree of albuminuria. RESULTS: Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis, likelihood ratio (LR), and Youden's index (J) revealed that AOPP and IMA had acceptable sensitivities and specificities in individuals with different degrees of albuminuria; however, AOPP had higher values of the area under the curve (AUC: 0.934) than IMA, as well as 100% sensitivity and 77.01% specificity for distinguishing patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Both AOPP and IMA may be helpful clinical markers for estimating kidney dysfunction, but AOPP is better able to identify diabetic patients with nephropathy. We suggest that AOPP is almost ideal for discriminating between T2DM patients with micro- and macroalbuminuria.
Nonalbumin proteinuria is a simple and practical predictor of the progression of early-stage type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; AIMS: Multiple biomarkers have emerged as a reliable predictor of the progression of diabetic nephropathy. The aim of this study was to pursue a more simple and practical predictor that can be applied in clinical practice. METHODS: The urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR), the nonalbumin protein-to-creatinine ratio (NAPCR), and the levels of six biomarkers were measured in 73 patients with type 2 diabetes and estimated glomerular filtration rates (eGFRs)≥60mL/min/1.73m(2). The renal outcomes were the annual decline in eGFR and the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD) of stage 3 or greater. RESULTS: The average rate of eGFR decline over a median of 50months of follow-up was -2.48mL/min/1.73m(2)/year. After adjusting for nine clinical parameters, only the NAPCR showed a significant association with the annual eGFR decline (adjusted R(2)=0.139, P=0.042). The NAPCR predicted a higher probability of the development of CKD of stage 3 or greater and was more effective than any of the six urinary biomarkers in this respect (C-index 82.7, sensitivity 92.3, specificity 81.7). CONCLUSIONS: The NAPCR is a better and more practical predictor of the development and progression of CKD than are other urinary biomarkers in patients with early-stage type 2 diabetic nephropathy.
Cystatin C as a marker for detection of early renal failure in diabetes type 2 patients.; The epidemiological studies have show dramatic increase and prevalence of end stage renal disease in patients with type 2 diabetes therefore early markers of diabetic nephropathy need to be identified (1). During the treatment of patients at the Clinic of endocrinology, diabetes mellitus and metabolic diseases in Sarajevo, we observed a necessity of application of new markers in assessment of early renal failure. Serum cystatin C level is another marker of renal function. Cystatin C is freely filtered at the level of the glomerulus and virtually all is re-absorbed and metabolized by the proximal tubular cells. Serum cystatin C is a screening test and an early indicator and predictor of the development of renal failure. AIM OF THE STUDY: To estimate correlation among cystatin C, serum creatinine and albuminuria in diabetes type 2 patients for assessment of early renal failure. Serum cystatin C as a screening test has to be considered in the treatment of diabetes type 2 patients for assessment of early renal failure.
Adipocytokine zinc α2 glycoprotein (ZAG) as a novel urinary biomarker for normo-albuminuric diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: A substantial proportion of diabetic nephropathy individuals are non-albuminuric. Using a proteomic approach, we searched for novel urinary biomarkers. METHODS: We studied three groups (n = 6 per group) of males with Type 2 diabetes: (1) normal renal function; (2) classical diabetic nephropathy (urinary albumin-creatinine ratio > 1000 mg/g and glomerular filtration rate < 60 ml/min.1.73 m(2) ) and (3) non-albuminuric diabetic nephropathy (glomerular filtration rate < 60 ml/min.1.73 m(2) and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio < 30 mg/g). We used two-dimensional fluorescence differential gel electrophoresis, matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry peptide identification and western blot validation in the study. RESULTS: Sixty protein spots were differentially abundant between the non-albuminuric and macro-albuminuric subjects (> 2.5-fold, P < 0.05). In the non-albuminuric subjects, in addition to previously reported α(1) -microglobulin, the next most interesting spot (upregulated 3.44-fold, P = 0.0026) was human zinc-α(2) -glycoprotein, a novel adipose-cytokine associated with glomerular injury. This was confirmed by western blot and replicated in female diabetic nephropathy subjects. CONCLUSIONS: From our preliminary results, human zinc-α(2) -glycoprotein may be a novel urinary biomarker for non-albuminuric diabetic nephropathy.
The renal tubular damage marker urinary N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase may be more closely associated with early detection of atherosclerosis than the glomerular damage marker albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: To determine the association between urinary N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), a marker of renal tubulopathy, and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plaques in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) and to compare the predictive value of NAG versus albuminuria, a marker of renal glomerulopathy. METHODS: A total of 343 participants were enrolled in this retrospective cross-sectional study. We recruited participants with T2D who were tested for blood glucose parameters, urinary NAG, and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and had been checked for carotid ultrasonography. RESULTS: We classified participants into a below-median urinary NAG group (Group I; n = 172) or an above-median group (Group II; n = 171). Mean, maximum, and mean of maximum carotid IMT and the proportion of patients with carotid plaques were significantly higher in Group II compared with Group I. In multiple linear regression analyses, high urinary NAG (Group II) was significantly associated with carotid IMT, independently of urinary ACR and other confounding factors. In terms of carotid plaques, both urinary NAG and ACR were significantly higher in participants with carotid plaques than in those without carotid plaques. After adjustment for confounding factors, both urinary NAG and ACR were significantly associated with the presence of carotid plaques. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated urinary NAG, a marker of renal tubular damage, was related to increased carotid IMT and the presence of carotid plaques in patients with T2D. Urinary NAG may be a more sensitive biomarker than urinary albumin for early detection of atherosclerosis.
Growth arrest-specific protein 6 (Gas6) as a noninvasive biomarker for early detection of diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: To investigate the diagnostic level of cystatin C and growth arrest-specific gene 6 (Gas6) levels in elderly type 2 diabetic patients with different degrees of diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: Four hundred and eighty-two old people, including 130 healthy controls, 130 normoalbuminuric diabetic patients, 122 with microalbuminuria, and 100 with macroalbuminuria, were recruited. Plasma Gas6 and serum cystatin C levels were measured. RESULTS: Plasma Gas6 concentration was significantly lower in diabetic patients with microalbuminuria or macroalbuminuria, as compared with diabetic subjects with normoalbuminuria; while cystatin C was significantly higher. Gas6 was inversely correlated with BMI, WHR, and HbA1c, while cystatin C was inversely correlated with urea nitrogen and creatinine. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that, after adjusted for established diabetes risk factors, higher plasma Gas6 was significantly associated with a decreased risk of DN, while higher serum cystatin C was significantly associated with an increased risk. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that Gas6 was better than cystatin C as a biomarker for early diagnosis and detection of DN, with a cutoff value of 9.435 ng/mL (86.1% sensitivity and 84.6% specificity). CONCLUSION: Compared to cystatin C, Gas6 may be potentially a better noninvasive diagnostic biomarker for early detection of DN.
Maximum home blood pressure is a useful indicator of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: KAMOGAWA-HBP study.; OBJECTIVE: Maximum home systolic blood pressure has been shown to predict target organ damage. We aimed to clarify the association between maximum home systolic blood pressure and urine albumin to creatinine ratio, an indicator of early-phase diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In 1040 patients, we assessed the relationship of mean or maximum home systolic blood pressure and urine albumin to creatinine ratio, and compared the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of mean or maximum home systolic blood pressure for diabetic nephropathy (urine albumin to creatinine ratio ⩾30 mg/g Cr). RESULTS: Multivariate linear regression analyses indicated that mean morning systolic blood pressure ( β = 0.010, p < 0.001) and maximum morning systolic blood pressure ( β = 0.008, p < 0.001) were significantly associated with urine albumin to creatinine ratio. Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (95% confidence interval) for diabetic nephropathy in mean and maximum morning systolic blood pressure was 0.667 (0.634-0.700; p < 0.001) and 0.671 (0.638-0.703; p < 0.001), respectively. CONCLUSION: Maximum home systolic blood pressure, as well as mean home systolic blood pressure, was significantly associated with diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Urinary markers in the early stage of nephropathy in patients with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of a urinary tubular marker, liver-type fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) and an inflammatory marker, serum/urinary YKL-40, with albuminuria in patients with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes (T1D). METHODS: Twenty-nine patients with childhood-onset T1D and 32 controls were enrolled. Serum and urinary concentrations of YKL-40 and urinary concentrations of L-FABP were measured. RESULTS: The serum levels of YKL-40 were not significantly different between the control group and the patient groups. However, the levels of urinary YKL-40/creatinine (Cr) were higher in the patients, even those with normoalbuminuria than in the controls (p < 0.001). The levels of urinary L-FABP/Cr were not different between the control group and the patient groups. However, the level of urinary L-FABP/Cr in the microalbuminuria group was higher than that in the normoalbuminuria group (p = 0.03). There were no associations between the levels of urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio and urinary L-FABP/Cr or YKL-40/Cr. However, the urinary L-FABP/Cr level was significantly correlated with the hemoglobin A1C level (p = 0.005) and the urinary YKL-40/Cr level (p = 0.043). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary L-FABP/Cr and YKL-40/Cr may reflect renal injury in early stages of nephropathy in patients with childhood-onset T1D, even in the normoalbuminuric state.
Segmental kidney volumes measured by dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging and their association with CKD in older people.; BACKGROUND: Dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) is a potentially powerful tool for analysis of kidney structure and function. The ability to measure functional and hypofunctional tissues could provide important information in groups at risk for chronic kidney disease (CKD), such as the elderly. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study with a cross-sectional design. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 493 volunteers (aged 72-94 years; 278 women; mean estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], 67±15mL/min/1.73m(2); 40% with CKD) in the Age, Gene/Environment Susceptibility (AGES)-Reykjavik Study. PREDICTOR: DCE-MRI kidney segmentation data. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: eGFR, urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR), and risk factors for and complications of CKD. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, sex, and height, eGFR was related to kidney volume (ΔR²=0.19; P<0.001), cortex volume (ΔR²=0.14; P<0.001), medulla volume (ΔR²=0.18; P<0.001), and volume percentages of fibrosis (ΔR²=0.03; P<0.001) and fat (ΔR²=0.01; P=0.03). In similarly adjusted models, log(ACR) was related to kidney volume (ΔR²=0.02; P<0.001) and fibrosis volume percentage (ΔR²=0.03; P<0.001). Using multivariable regression models adjusted for eGFR, ACR, age, sex, and height, kidney volume was related positively to body mass index (B=29.9±2.1[SE]mL; P<0.001), smoking (B=19.7±7.7mL; P=0.01), and diabetes mellitus (B=14.8±7.1mL; P=0.04) and negatively to hematocrit (B=-4.4±2.1mL; P=0.04 [model R²=0.72; P<0.001]); relations were per 1-SD greater value of the variable. Fibrosis volume percentage was associated positively with body mass index (B=0.28±0.03; P<0.001), cardiac output (B=0.15±0.03; P<0.001), and heart rate (B=0.08±0.03; P=0.01) and negatively with hematocrit (B=-0.07±0.3; P=0.02) and augmentation index (B=-0.06±0.03; P=0.04 [model R²=0.49; P<0.001]); again, relations are per 1-SD greater value of the variable. LIMITATIONS: Automatic segmentations were not validated by histology. The limited age range prevented meaningful interpretation of age effects on measured data or the automatic segmentation procedure. CONCLUSIONS: Kidney volume, cortex volume, and hypofunctional volume fraction assessed by DCE-MRI may provide information about CKD risk and prognosis beyond that provided by eGFR and urine ACR.
Albuminuria is Suggested as a Potential Health Screening Biomarker for Senior Citizens and General Population with Hypertension or Diabetes in China.; BACKGROUND: To evaluate the possibility of albuminuria as a screening biomarker for seniors or general population with hypertension and diabetes. METHODS: 478 health check-up individuals were enrolled. Albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) was calculated by testing urinary albumin and creatinine of spot urine sample. Each urine sample was also analyzed by the routine urine test in parallel with ACR. Potential risk factors associated with the presence of albuminuria were analyzed using independent t-test or chi-square test. RESULTS: The total prevalence of albuminuria was 11.9%, and women had a higher positive rate (14.0%) than men (10.6%). Ageing, fasting plasma glucose, and systolic blood pressure were significantly associated with the presence of albuminuria. Individuals are highly probable to have albuminuria when their routine urine test shows positive of urea glucose, red blood cells or urea protein. CONCLUSIONS: Albuminuria should be suggested as a potential health screening biomarker in senior citizens and general population with hypertension and diabetes.
Biological variability of albumin excretion rate and albumin-to-creatinine ratio in hypertensive type 2 diabetic patients.; The importance of measuring microalbuminuria is well established. However, only scanty data are available concerning the biological variability of albumin excretion in type 2 diabetic subjects. We report our experience from a large clinical trial of a new antihypertensive drug (Lercanidipine) designed to reduce albumin excretion and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients with hypertension and microalbuminuria. Eighty seven patients with persistent microalbuminuria were studied within 1 year of the clinical trial. The measurements were performed on blood and timed urine samples frozen at -80 degrees C and shipped to a central laboratory unit. Preliminary experiments were performed to assess albumin stability in urine under various conditions (4 degrees C, -20 degrees C and -80 degrees C), particularly with regard to the albumin/creatinine ratio. Urine samples can be stored up to 3 weeks at 4 degrees C or up to 2 months at -80 degrees C. The biological variability of the albumin excretion rate was 25.7%, while that of the albumin/creatinine ratio was 13.4%. These data are useful in defining the analytical goals of imprecision for microalbuminuria (CV = 13% for albumin, and CV = 6% for albumin/creatinine ratio). No correlation between albumin/creatinine ratio and HbA1c was found in the cohort of 61 microalbuminuric patients who completed the trial. The results of this study confirm that the albumin/ creatinine ratio is much more suitable for monitoring albumin excretion in longitudinal studies than the albumin excretion rate.
Assessing the prevalence, monitoring and management of chronic kidney disease in patients with diabetes compared with those without diabetes in general practice.; AIMS: To compare rates of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes and management of risk factors compared with people without diabetes using general practice computer records, and to assess the utility of serum creatinine and albuminuria as markers of impaired renal function. METHODS: The simplified Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equation was used to estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and stage of CKD. Further data were extracted to assess how effectively impaired renal function was being identified and how well potentially modifiable risk factors were being managed. The setting was 17 practices in Surrey, Kent and Greater Manchester (2003-2004). Participants were all patients with serum creatinine (SCr) recorded. RESULTS: Of the total population of 162 113, 5072 were recorded as having a diagnosis of diabetes, giving a prevalence of 3.1%. Of patients with diabetes, 31% had clinically significant CKD (defined as eGFR < 60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2); CKD stages 3-5) compared with 6.9% of those without diabetes. Only 33% of patients with diabetes at CKD stage 3 had serum creatinine > 120 micromol/l. Of patients with diabetes with eGFR < 60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2), 63% had normoalbuminuria. Considering those with eGFR 30-60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2), 42% of people with diabetes were on an ACE inhibitor compared with 25% of those without diabetes; 32% of patients with diabetes who had any record of micro- or macroalbuminuria at CKD stage 3 were taking an ACE inhibitor. Of people with diabetes and hypertension (BP > 140/80 mmHg), 26% were not prescribed any hypertensive medication, regardless of level of CKD. CONCLUSIONS: CKD is common in people with diabetes living in the community in the UK. The study found a similar rate of stage 3-5 CKD to that found previously in the USA. Currently used measures of renal function fail to identify CKD as effectively as eGFR. Risk factors for CKD and its progression are suboptimally managed.
A1C variability predicts incident cardiovascular events, microalbuminuria, and overt diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Recent data from the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) indicated that A1C variability is associated with the risk of diabetes microvascular complications. However, these results might have been influenced by the interventional study design. Therefore, we investigated the longitudinal associations between A1C variability and diabetes complications in patients with type 1 diabetes in the observational Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy (FinnDiane) Study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 2,107 patients in the FinnDiane Study had complete data on renal status and serial measurements of A1C from baseline to follow-up (median 5.7 years), and 1,845 patients had similar data on cardiovascular disease (CVD) events. Intrapersonal SD of serially measured A1C was considered a measure of variability. RESULTS: During follow-up, 10.2% progressed to a higher albuminuria level or to end-stage renal disease, whereas 8.6% had a CVD event. The SD of serial A1C was 1.01 versus 0.75 (P < 0.001) for renal status and 0.87 versus 0.79 (P = 0.023) for CVD in progressors versus nonprogressors, respectively. In a Cox regression model, SD of serial A1C was independently associated with progression of renal disease (hazard ratio 1.92 [95% CI 1.49-2.47]) and of a CVD event (1.98 [1.39-2.82]) even when adjusting for mean A1C and traditional risk factors. Interestingly for CVD, mean serial A1C itself was not predictive even though SD of A1C was. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with type 1 diabetes, A1C variability was not only predictive of incident microalbuminuria and progression of renal disease but also of incident CVD events.
Urinary pigment epithelium-derived factor as a marker of diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF), a serine protease inhibitor, regulates extracellular matrix production in the kidney. We sought the association between urinary PEDF (uPEDF) and development of nephropathy among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). METHODS: Two human studies were performed in which uPEDF was determined by ELISA. These studies included (1) a cross-sectional study of T2DM (n = 228) and healthy controls (n = 46) [corrected] and (2) a longitudinal study of hypertensive T2DM with microalbuminuria (MA; n = 42) treated with irbesartan for 6 months. An animal study was performed in which PEDF was measured in the kidney and urine samples of control rats, rats rendered diabetic with streptozotocin that were also fed a high-fat diet, and diabetic rats treated with irbesartan for 3 months. RESULTS: Cross-sectional study: compared to controls, uPEDF was significantly higher in patients with diabetic nephropathy. uPEDF independently correlated with MA. In the MA group, uPEDF in patients with diabetic retinopathy was significantly higher than that in patients without diabetic retinopathy. Longitudinal study: irbesartan significantly decreased uPEDF in T2DM with MA. Animal study: in diabetic rats, increased PEDF was observed in both the urine and kidney samples. uPEDF showed a significant correlation with the expression of PEDF in the kidney. Irbesartan could significantly decrease the PEDF expression in the kidneys of diabetic rats as well as uPEDF. CONCLUSION: uPEDF may serve as a novel marker for screening for nephropathy among patients with T2DM and monitoring the response to therapy.
Electrophoretic analysis of urinary proteins in diabetic adolescents.; Pathological changes in the urine sodium dodecyl sulphate gel electrophoresis (SDS PAGE) patterns often precede the occurrence of any sign of renal involvement in diabetes. However, data concerning the most frequent SDS PAGE pattern of the urine in early stages of type I diabetes mellitus are controversial. In the present study an SDS PAGE technique has been used that provides an adequate sensitivity for the detection of the abnormal pattern. Urinary proteins have been analyzed by SDS PAGE in twenty two diabetic adolescents and twenty four age matched controls. Albumin concentration, and N acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) activity were also measured in the same samples. There was no significant difference in urine albumin concentration and NAG activity between diabetic children and controls. However twelve patients showed an electrophoretic pattern characteristic for glomerulopathy, two had a pattern indicating tubular dysfunction and another two patients had a mixed pattern. Among the twenty four controls only three showed abnormal electrophoretic patterns. The results support the view that early stages of diabetic nephropathy may involve both glomerular and tubular dysfunction. However the exact clinical and prognostic significance of the information provided by SDS PAGE analysis remains to be elucidated.
Silent myocardial ischemia is associated with autonomic neuropathy and other cardiovascular risk factors in type 1 and type 2 diabetic subjects, especially in those with microalbuminuria.; The prevalence of silent myocardial ischemia (SMI) seems to be above average in diabetic subjects. As routine screening is costly, identifying high-risk populations is mandatory. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of SMI in diabetic subjects and in controls and to define the diabetic population at risk. We studied 353 asymptomatic caucasian subjects (217 with diabetes and 136 controls matched by age, sex, and cardiovascular risk factors) with normal resting ECG. The diabetic group included 39 type 1 and 178 type 2 diabetics (age 57 +/- 11 yr, 162 males/55 females). Subjects performed the Treadmill Test (TT) and, when abnormal, underwent single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) with exercise testing or dipyridamole injection. Coronary angiography was performed if the SPECT was suggestive of ischemia. TT was positive in 16 (8.5%) diabetics: 3 with type 1 and 13 with type 2. No controls had positive TT. SPECT was performed in 13 subjects and was positive in 10; angiography was performed in 7 and identified significant lesions in all cases. Patients with SMI were older and had a higher prevalence of autonomic neuropathy, hypertension, and dyslipidemia than those without. Microalbuminuria was also higher in the SMI group (613 +/- 211 vs 72 +/- 245 mg/d; p < 0.05). We conclude that diabetic patients aged over 60 with autonomic neuropathy and other cardiovascular risk factors should be screened for the presence of SMI especially if they have increased microalbuminuria.
Evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.; INTRODUCTION: Microalbuminuria has been established as a marker of incipient diabetic nephropathy, and a regular screening programme has been advocated in patients with diabetes mellitus. We investigated if urine albumin levels normalised by creatinine give results comparable to the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) with a timed 24-h urine for detecting microalbuminuria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Morning urine specimens and 24-h collections were obtained from 65 diabetic patients. Albumin and creatinine levels in the spot urine specimens were measured in a single rapid (7 min) assay format using the Bayer DCA2000+ desktop system. Results of albumin/creatinine ratio and urine albumin concentration were then compared to the reference laboratory method of measuring UAER with the timed 24-h urine sample. RESULTS: The determination of the albumin/creatinine ratio gave good performance characteristics for diagnosis of microalbuminuria (defined as > 30 mg/g creatinine) with sensitivity of 71.4% and specificity of 98.0%. With urine albumin concentration alone, sensitivity was 64.3% and specificity was 96.1%. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves, however, suggest similar diagnostic usefulness for screening microalbuminuria with albumin levels expressed in concentration units or as a ratio of creatinine compared to the reference method. Analysis also indicated that lowering the established cut-off values in general, improves diagnostic performance. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of microalbuminuria with a spot morning specimen using the DCA2000+ desktop system that simultaneously measures albumin and creatinine levels, provides a rapid and reliable method for incipient diabetic nephropathy in clinical practice.
Assessment of Vitamin D-Binding Protein and Early Prediction of Nephropathy in Type 2 Saudi Diabetic Patients.; Early detection of diabetic nephropathy (DN) represents a great challenge in an attempt to reduce the burden of chronic kidney diseases in diabetic patients. This study aimed to investigate the potential early prediction role of urinary vitamin D-binding protein (uVDBP) for the diagnosis of DN and to examine the possible correlation to serum VDBP, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and insulin resistance in these patients. Serum and urine samples were obtained from 40 healthy volunteers and 120 patients with type 2 diabetes divided into 3 groups: normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria, and macroalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate < 30, 30-300, and >300 μg/mg, resp.); n = 40/group. Serum and urinary VDBP levels were quantified by ELISA. Insulin resistance has been assessed by homeostasis model assessment index (HOMAI). Correction for urine creatinine concentration was applied for urinary quantitative measurements. uVDBP levels were significantly elevated in micro- and macroalbuminuria patient groups compared with those of the normoalbuminuria patient group and controls (820.4 ± 402.8 and 1458.1 ± 210.0 compared with 193.1 ± 141.0 and 127.7 ± 21.9 ng/mg, resp.) (P < 0.001). There was significant correlation between serum and urinary levels of VDBP in total patient group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis of uVDBP levels showed optimum cut-off value of 216.0 ng/mg corresponding to 98.8% sensitivity and 80.0% specificity and an area under the curve of 0.973 to discriminate the normoalbuminuria from the microalbuminuria groups. In multivariate analysis, ordination plot showed obvious demarcation between the study groups caused by the higher levels of uVDBP and albumin/creatinine ratio among other variables. The study findings suggested a possible clinical application of uVDPB as an early and a good marker for the detection of early renal disease in type 2 DM Saudi patients. Large-scale validation studies are warranted to confirm the results before including uVDBP with the available list of other conventional biomarkers.
Cystatin C and cystatin glomerular filtration rate as markers of early renal disease in Asian Indian subjects with glucose intolerance (CURES-32).; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to assess cystatin C (cys-C) as a marker of early diabetic nephropathy and cystatin glomerular filtration rate (cys-GFR) in Asian Indians. METHODS: Five groups of subjects were studied: Group 1, normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and normoalbuminuria (n = 43); group 2, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and normoalbuminuria (n = 44); group 3, type 2 diabetes (T2DM) with neither microalbuminuria nor retinopathy (n = 40); group 4, T2DM with microalbuminuria but without diabetic retinopathy (n = 40); and group 5, T2DM with microalbuminuria and any degree of diabetic retinopathy (DR) (n = 42). Subjects were recruited from the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES). Microalbumin concentration was assessed in the urine sample by immunoturbidometric assay. cys-C concentrations were measured in serum by a high-sensitivity particle-enhancing nephlometric assay. cys-GFR was calculated by the formula (86.7/cys-C) - 4.2. RESULTS: cys-C levels were highest in group 5 (1.75 +/- 0.12 mg/L) followed by group 4 (1.30 +/- 0.08 mg/L), group 3 (0.98 +/- 0.04 mg/L), group 2 (0.89 +/- 0.03 mg/L), and group 1 (0.79 +/- 0.18 mg/L, P < 0.001). cys-GFR levels were in reverse order going from highest in group 1, followed by groups 2, 3, 4, and 5. cys-C levels were correlated with age, fasting plasma glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, microalbuminuria, and serum cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: cys-C levels increase and cys-GFR levels decrease with increasing severity of glucose intolerance and are highest and lowest, respectively, in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) subjects with microalbuminuria and retinopathy. In T2DM subjects, cys-C and cys-GFR appear to be useful markers of early renal damage.
Albumin excretion rate, albumin concentration, and albumin/creatinine ratio compared for screening diabetics for slight albuminuria.; Slight albuminuria, an overnight albumin excretion rate (AER) greater than 30 micrograms/min in an "Albustix"-negative sample, predicts development of diabetic nephropathy. This study compares the AERs for 261 timed overnight urine collections with the albumin concentrations and albumin/creatinine ratios for the same specimens (equivalent to first morning specimens). Thirty-one specimens (11.9%) had AERs greater than 30 micrograms/min. Use of an albumin/creatinine ratio greater than 3.0 mg/mmol to predict an AER greater than 30 micrograms/min gave a sensitivity of 96.8%, a specificity of 93.9%, and a predictive value of 68.2%, with a correlation coefficient of 0.921. Use of an albumin concentration greater than 17 mg/L gave a sensitivity of 96.8%, a specificity of 90.9%, a predictive value of 58.8%, and a slightly poorer correlation (r = 0.904). Evidently either method is acceptable as an initial screening procedure, but determination of albumin concentration alone would be preferable because of lesser cost.
Rosiglitazone reduces urinary albumin excretion in type II diabetes.; This study examines the effect of rosiglitazone on urinary albumin excretion (UAE) in patients with type II diabetes. Urinary albumin: creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured in a 52-week, open-label, cardiac safety study comparing rosiglitazone and glyburide. Patients were randomised to treatment with rosiglitazone 4 mg b.i.d. or glyburide. ACR was measured at baseline and after 28 and 52 weeks of treatment. Statistically significant reductions from baseline in ACR were observed in both treatment groups at week 28. By week 52, only the rosiglitazone group showed a significant reduction from baseline. Similar results were observed for the overall study population and for the subset of patients with baseline microalbuminuria. For patients with microalbuminuria at baseline, reductions in ACR did not correlate strongly with reductions in glycosylated haemoglobin, or fasting plasma glucose, but showed strong correlation with changes in mean 24-h systolic and diastolic blood pressure for rosiglitazone-treated patients (deltaACR vs deltamean 24-h systolic blood pressure, r=0.875; deltaACR vs deltamean 24-h diastolic blood pressure, r=0.755; P < 0.05 for both). No such correlation was observed for glyburide-treated patients. In conclusion, rosiglitazone treatment was associated with a decrease in urinary albumin excretion. These findings suggest a potential beneficial effect of rosiglitazone in the treatment or prevention of renal and vascular complications of type II diabetes.
Screening for early diabetic nephropathy.; An albumin excretion rate of 30-150 micrograms/min is a strong predictor of future clinical diabetic nephropathy. The collection of urine samples commonly used is cumbersome and tedious for both patients and laboratory staff. We have therefore examined the usefulness of albumin:creatinine ratio measurement as a predictor of albumin excretion rates greater than 30 micrograms/min. Values above 3.5 for the albumin:creatinine ratio gave high sensitivity (98%) but low specificity (63%) while a value greater than 4.5 had a sensitivity of 96% and specificity of 72%. We conclude that the albumin:creatinine ratio in a first morning urine sample is useful as an initial screening test for microalbuminuria but that further analysis is required to select those with definite microalbuminuria.
Cost-effectiveness of screening for microalbuminuria using immunochemical dipstick tests or laboratory assays in diabetic patients.; To analyse the cost-effectiveness ratio of screening for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients using either dipstick tests or laboratory assays, 506 diabetic patients were screened for microalbuminuria using both a traditional laboratory assay (strategy I) or a laboratory assay only in the case of a positive dipstick result (strategy II). Dipstick pre-screening was considered positive if at least one of the tests performed by the two different operators showed an albumin excretion rate > 20 micrograms min-1. It was performed using a new dipstick, Micral-Test, designed to distinguish low albumin concentrations. Biological assay was the reference method. Costs were related to laboratory assays (strategy I) or to dipstick tests and laboratory assays for positive results (strategy II). The loss of effectiveness was related to false negative results of strategy II. The double dipstick pre-screening showed a sensitivity of 90.8% and a specificity of 80.1%. Its predictive value was 97% for a negative result and 55.6% for a positive result. False positive results were associated with elevated urinary volumes. Compared with strategy I, strategy II showed a sensitivity of 90.8%, a specificity of 100%, and predictive values of 100% and 97.5%, respectively, for positive and negative results. In a fictitious cohort of 10,000 patients, strategy II yielded a gain of 16,750 pounds on the first year, which decreased to 5345 pounds after 30 years. The loss in effectiveness was estimated at 2.38 quality adjusted life years of a diabetic patient (QALYd) initially, and decreased to 0.91 QALYd after 30 years, the annual cost-effectiveness ratio being close to 6600 pounds QALYd-1.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
24-hour central aortic systolic pressure and 24-hour central pulse pressure are related to diabetic complications in type 1 diabetes - a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Non-invasive measurements of 24 hour ambulatory central aortic systolic pressure (24 h-CASP) and central pulse pressure (24 h-CPP) are now feasible. We evaluate the relationship between 24 h central blood pressure and diabetes-related complications in patients with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: The study was cross-sectional, including 715 subjects: 86 controls (C), 69 patients with short diabetes duration (< 10 years), normoalbuminuria (< 30 mg/24 h) without receiving antihypertensive treatment (SN), 211 with longstanding diabetes (≥ 10 years) and normoalbuminuria (LN), 163 with microalbuminuria (30-299 mg/24 h) (Mi) and 186 with macroalbuminuria (> 300 mg/24 h) (Ma).24 h-CASP and 24 h-CPP was measured using a tonometric wrist-watch-like device (BPro, HealthStats, Singapore) and derived using N-point moving average. RESULTS: In C, SN, LN, Mi and Ma mean ± SD 24 h-CASP was: 114 ± 17, 115 ± 13, 121 ± 13, 119 ± 16 and 121 ± 13 mmHg (p < 0.001); and 24 h-CPP: 38 ± 8, 38 ± 7, 44 ± 10, 46 ± 11 and 46 ± 11 mmHg, (p < 0.001).Following rigorous adjustment (24 h mean arterial pressure and conventional risk factors), 24 h-CASP and 24 h-CPP increased with diabetes, albuminuria degree, previous cardiovascular disease (CVD), retinopathy and autonomic dysfunction (p ≤ 0.031).Odds ratios per 1 standard deviation increase in 24 h-CASP, 24 h-CPP and 24 h systolic blood pressure (24 h-SBP) were for CVD: 3.19 (1.68-6.05), 1.43 (1.01-2.02) and 2.39 (1.32-4.33), retinopathy: 4.41 (2.03-9.57), 1.77 (1.17-2.68) and 3.72 (1.85-7.47) and autonomic dysfunction: 3.25 (1.65-6.41), 1.64 (1.12-2.39) and 2.89 (1.54-5.42). CONCLUSIONS: 24 h-CASP and 24 h-CPP was higher in patients vs. controls and increased with diabetic complications independently of covariates. Furthermore, 24 h-CASP was stronger associated to complications than 24 h-SBP.The prognostic significance of 24 h-CASP and 24 h-CPP needs to be determined in follow-up studies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov ID NCT01171248.
Assessment of risk of overt nephropathy in diabetic patients from albumin excretion in untimed urine specimens.; The ability of an albumin-to-creatinine ratio, measured in a single untimed urine specimen, to indicate the likelihood of developing overt diabetic nephropathy was determined in 439 Pima Indians (134 men, 305 women) aged 25 years or older with non-insulin-dependent diabetes. During a mean follow-up period of 4.2 years, 59 (13%) of the subjects developed overt nephropathy, 47 (80%) of whom had albumin-to-creatinine ratios of 30 mg/g or greater at baseline. Subjects with albumin-to-creatinine ratios of 30 to 299 mg/g (a level of excretion often termed "microalbuminuria") had 9.2 times (95% confidence interval, 4.4 to 21.4) the incidence of overt nephropathy of those with ratios of less than 30 mg/g. Furthermore, the albumin-to-creatinine ratio remained a strong predictor of overt nephropathy even when controlled for age, sex, diabetes duration, mean blood pressure, and 2-hour postload plasma glucose concentration with a proportional-hazards function analysis. Thus, an albumin-to-creatinine ratio measured in a single untimed urine specimen is an effective means of identifying diabetic subjects who are at risk of developing overt nephropathy that could replace the more traditional timed urine collections.
Plasma growth differentiation factor-15 independently predicts all-cause and cardiovascular mortality as well as deterioration of kidney function in type 1 diabetic patients with nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: Growth deferentiation factor-15 (GDF-15) is involved in inflammation and apoptosis. Expression is induced in the heart in response to ischemia and in atherosclerotic plaques. The aim of this study was to investigate GDF-15 levels in relation to all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality and morbidity, decline in glomerular filtration rate (GFR), and progression toward end-stage renal disease (ESRD). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study was a prospective observational follow-up study including 451 type 1 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy (274 men, aged 42.1 +/- 0.5 years [means +/- SD], diabetes duration 28.3 +/- 8.9 years, GFR 76 +/- 33 ml/min/1.73 m(2)) and a control group of 440 patients with longstanding type 1 diabetes and persistent normoalbuminuria (232 men, aged 45.4 +/- 11.5 years, duration of diabetes 27.7 +/- 10.1 years). The patients were followed for 8.1 (0.0-12.9) years (median [range]). RESULTS: Among normoalbuminuric patients, GDF-15 above the median predicted an adjusted (age, systolic blood pressure [sBP], and estimated GFR) increased risk of all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 3.6 [95% CI 1.3-10.3]; P = 0.014). Among patients with diabetic nephropathy, higher (fourth quartile) versus lower (first quartile) GDF-15 levels predict all-cause mortality (covariate-adjusted [sex, age, smoking, blood pressure, A1C, cholesterol, GFR, N-terminal prohormone B-type natriuretic peptide, antihypertensive treatment, and previous cardiovascular events]; HR 4.86 [95% CI 1.37-17.30]) as well as fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular events (adjusted HR 5.59 [1.23-25.43] and 3.55 [1.08-11.64], respectively). In addition, higher GDF-15 levels predict faster decline in GFR (P < 0.001) but not development of ESRD. CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of GDF-15 are a predictor of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and morbidity in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Furthermore, higher levels of GDF-15 are associated with faster deterioration of kidney function.
A cross-sectional study of HIV-seropositive patients with varying degrees of proteinuria in South Africa.; Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated nephropathy (HIVAN) is the most common finding on renal biopsy in HIV-infected black patients and is also the commonest cause of end-stage renal disease in these patients. Early detection of HIVAN may be beneficial in evaluating early treatment. This study examined the pattern of renal diseases in HIV-infected South Africans and also attempted to diagnose HIVAN at an early stage. In this single-center cross-sectional study, 615 HIV-infected patients were screened for proteinuria. Thirty patients with varying degrees of proteinuria underwent renal biopsy. Patients with diabetes mellitus, uncontrolled hypertension, known causes of chronic kidney disease, and serum creatinine above 250 mumol/l were excluded. Patients in this study were not on antiretroviral therapy. HIVAN was found in 25 (83%) patients. Six of them (24%) had microalbuminuria. Altogether, seven patients with persistent microalbuminuria were biopsied and six (86%) showed HIVAN. Other biopsy findings included membranoproliferative nephropathy in two (7%) and interstitial nephritis in three (10%). Four patients with HIVAN had associated membranous nephropathy. HIVAN is the commonest biopsy finding among our study patients with HIV infection who present with varying degrees of proteinuria. Microalbuminuria is a manifestation of HIVAN in our study patients. Therefore, microalbuminuria may be an early marker of HIVAN, and screening for its presence may be beneficial. Renal biopsy may be considered in seropositive patients who present with persistent microalbuminuria, especially with low CD4 counts irrespective of good renal function. This will allow diagnosis and treatment of HIVAN at an early stage and may prevent further disease progression.
Early evaluation of renal hemodynamic alterations in type I diabetes mellitus with duplex ultrasound.; To evaluate the role of renal duplex ultrasonography in the detection of early alteration of renal blood flow in type I diabetic patients, we studied with duplex ultrasound 32 patients with type I diabetes mellitus (19 males, 13 females, age range 8-19 years) and 35 age and sex-matched controls. The resistivity indices (RIs) and pulsatility indices (PIs) of the main renal as well as intra-renal arteries were calculated. Compared with the healthy control subjects, diabetic patients had significantly higher resistivity indices (RIs) in the intrarenal (segmental, arcuate and interlobar) arteries (P= 0.001). The study, also revealed a significantly positive correlation between the RIs in the intrarenal arteries in diabetics and the albumin/creatinine ratio (r= 0.54, 0.52 and 0.51 respectively), glycated hemoglobin (r= 0.61, 0.59 and 0.63 respectively), as well as the estimated GFR (e-GFR) (r= 0.53, 0.51 and 0.57 respectively). We conclude that the current study documented early intra-renal hemodynamic alterations in the form of pathologically elevated intrarenal RIs. This denotes the potential usefulness of duplex evaluation of the intrarenal arteries, as a noninvasive procedure, for monitoring type 1 diabetic patients to predict those at risk of diabetic nephropathy.
Choice of urine sample predictive of microalbuminuria in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Twenty-four-hour, four-hour (8 to 12 am), and overnight urine collections were examined for their ability to detect microalbuminuria in 292 patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Albumin excretion rate (AER) was measured and also estimated from the product of the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (A/C) and the calculated 24-hour creatinine excretion. The fractional excretion of albumin (FEA) was also determined in aliquots from each urine sample. The correlation coefficients between measured 24-hour AER and estimated AER were 0.940 and 0.956 for four-hour and overnight collections, respectively (significance of each correlation, P less than 0.001). There was no advantage in using the FEA over the A/C ratio in predicting measured AER. Urinary A/C ratios (mg/mg) between 0.03 and 0.31 in the four-hour collections were highly predictive of microalbuminuria and of measured AER in the 24-hour collections: AER24-h (microgram/min/1.73 m2) = 2.74 + 0.870 x A/C4-h (all log10 values). In a subgroup of 175 patients having all three collections validated, 34 (20%) had microalbuminuria defined as AER 20 to 200 micrograms/min/1.73 m2 in at least two of the three samples and 44 (25%) had overt nephropathy (greater than 200 micrograms/min/1.73 m2). The ability of the AER in one urine collection to predict microalbuminuria in at least one of the other two collections was assessed in these 175 patients. Compared with the overnight urine collection, the four-hour collection had greater sensitivity while affording similar specificity and positive predictive value. Based on these data, the A/C ratio from a morning urine sample following initial AM voiding would seem adequate for the detection and monitoring of microalbuminuria in patients with IDDM.
Urinary excretions of lipocalin-type prostaglandin D synthase predict renal injury in type-2 diabetes: a cross-sectional and prospective multicentre study.; BACKGROUND: Urinary excretions of lipocalin-type prostaglandin D synthase/beta-trace (L-PGDS) probably reflect the increased permeability of injured glomerular capillary walls of the kidney. We tested the hypothesis in cross-sectional and prospective studies that urinary L-PGDS excretions predict renal injury in type-2 diabetes. METHODS: (1) In the cross-sectional studies, we evaluated whether urinary L-PGDS excretions were able to predict renal diseases in a pooled population including 793 healthy subjects and 200 patients with various forms of renal diseases. (2) We determined the cut-off point of urinary L-PGDS excretions to predict >or=30 mg/gCr albuminuria in 666 patients with type-2 diabetes. (3) In the prospective study, 121 type-2 diabetic patients with <30 mg/gCr albuminuria were followed for almost 2 years to examine whether urinary L-PGDS excretions predict the future status of renal injury in type-2 diabetes. RESULTS: (1) In the cross-sectional studies, receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed that urinary L-PGDS excretions better predicted the patients with kidney diseases than the other markers of renal injury. (2) It was also demonstrated that >or=4.2 mg/gCr urinary L-PGDS excretions better predicted >or=30 mg/gCr albuminuria in type-2 diabetic patients than other markers. (3) The prospective study revealed that in type-2 diabetic patients with <30 mg/ gCr albuminuria, the patients with >or=4.2 mg/gCr urinary L-PGDS excretions more likely exhibited the renal injury during the follow-up periods than those with <4.2 mg/gCr urinary L-PGDS excretions. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary L-PGDS excretions reflect the current increased permeability of injured glomerular capillary walls and better predict the future status of renal injury in type-2 diabetes with <30 mg/gCr albuminuria.
The receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of measurements of urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (UACR) in a diurnal random urine specimen (RUS) for the screening of diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 95 ambulatory NIDDM patients (49 women, ages 40-75 years) collected 123 RUSs during the morning after completing a timed 24-h urine collection. Albumin was measured by immunoturbidimetry. According to timed urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) measured in the 24-h collection (criterion standard), samples were classified as normoalbuminuric (UAER < 20 micrograms/min; n = 54), microalbuminuric (UAER 20-200 micrograms/min; n = 44), and macroalbuminuric (UAER > 200 micrograms/min; n = 25). The receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve approach was used. The ROC curves of UAC and UACR in RUS for screening of microalbuminuria (normo- and microalbuminuric samples; n = 98) and macroalbuminuria (micro- and macroalbuminuric samples; n = 69) were plotted. RESULTS: Spearman's coefficients of correlation of 24-h UAER vs. UAC and UACR were 0.91 and 0.92, respectively (P < 0.001). The calculated areas (+/- SE) under the ROC curves to screen microalbuminuria for UAC (0.9766 +/- 0.015) and UACR (0.9689 +/- 0.014) were similar (P > 0.05) as were the corresponding areas for macroalbuminuria (0.9868 +/- 0.0094 and 0.9614 +/- 0.0241, respectively; P > 0.05). The first point with 100% sensitivity and the point of intersection with a 100%-to-100% diagonal for microalbuminuria were as follows: 16.9 and 33.6 mg/l for UAC and 15.0 and 26.8 mg/g for UACR; for macroalbuminuria 174.0 and 296.2 mg/l for UAC and 116.0 and 334.3 mg/g for UACR, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Albumin measurements (UAC and UACR) in an RUS presented almost perfect accuracy for the screening of micro- and macroalbuminuria and UAC measured in an RUS is simpler and less expensive than UACR and UAER. It is suggested as a valid test for use in screening for diabetic nephropathy.
Predictive power of sequential measures of albuminuria for progression to ESRD or death in Pima Indians with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: To determine whether historic albuminuria measurements provide additional predictive value for diabetic end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and natural mortality over the most recent measurement, ie, whether "regression" from high albuminuria has a different prognosis than stability at the lower level. STUDY DESIGN: Observational longitudinal study. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Pima Indians 15 years or older with type 2 diabetes and at least 2 consecutive measurements of urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) within 6 years. PREDICTORS: Sequential measurements of urinary ACR. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Proportional hazards analyses were used to estimate the risk of ESRD and natural death associated with the first and second ACR measurement. The ability of these highly correlated variables to predict outcome was compared with receiver operating characteristic curves calculated by means of the generalized c statistic. RESULTS: In 983 subjects, 136 developed ESRD and 180 died of natural causes during a maximum follow-up of 12.6 years. Each doubling in the second ACR was associated with a 1.71-fold greater incidence of ESRD (95% confidence interval, 1.54 to 1.89) and 1.16-fold greater natural mortality (95% confidence interval, 1.07 to 1.27) adjusted for age, sex, diabetes duration, and antihypertensive medication. The addition of the first ACR measurement to the model did not add to the predictive value for ESRD or mortality. In pairwise comparisons of c statistics, the second ACR was a significantly better predictor of ESRD than the first ACR. LIMITATIONS: The predictive value of ACR measurements is decreased to the extent that its precision is based on a single measure. CONCLUSION: The predictive power of the latest ACR for ESRD and natural mortality in patients with diabetes is not enhanced by knowledge of the preceding ACR. Therefore, ACR changes over time, ie, regression or progression, add minimal predictive value beyond the latest measurement in the series.
Comparison of different measures of urinary protein excretion for prediction of renal events.; There are many methods to screen for abnormal amounts of proteinuria to identify patients at risk for progression of renal disease, but which method best predicts renal risk is unknown. Here, we analyzed a subset of 701 patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy participating in the Reduction of Endpoints in Non Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus with the Angiotensin II Antagonist Losartan (RENAAL) trial to compare the ability of urinary protein excretion (UPE) and urinary albumin excretion (UAE) from a 24-hour urine collection and urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and the albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) from a first-morning void in predicting renal events. The primary outcome measure was the time to a doubling of serum creatinine or end-stage renal disease. During follow-up, 202 events occurred. The hazard ratios for the risk of a renal outcome (95% CIs) associated with 1-SD increment in the log-transformed measures were 3.16 (2.60 to 3.86) for UAE, 3.02 (2.53 to 3.62) for UPE, 3.23 (2.67 to 3.91) for UAC, and 4.36 (3.50 to 5.45) for ACR. The area under the ROC curve was significantly higher for ACR compared with the other measures. In conclusion, measurement of the albumin:creatinine ratio in a first-morning void is the superior method to predict renal events in patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy.
Value of renal resistive index as an early marker of diabetic nephropathy in children with type-1 diabetes mellitus.; Constant increase in the incidence of type-1 diabetes (T1-DM) has made it necessary to have new markers for the early detection of diabetic nephropathy (DN). One of the markers that could be helpful in detecting functional alterations in renal hemodynamics is assessment of the renal resistive index (RI) by using renal Doppler. We studied 25 patients with T1-DM (Group-A), which comprised of 15 females and 10 males, with a mean age of 10.8 ± 2.2 years and duration of diabetes of 5 ± 1.1 years. A control group (Group-B) comprising 20 healthy children, 12 females and eight males with mean age of 11.6 ± 2 years, was also studied. The following parameters were studied in the two groups: age, serum creatinine, albumin excretion rate (AER), glomerular filtration rate (GFR), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and mean renal RI of both kidneys. We found an increase in the mean RI in diabetic patients versus healthy children; the mean RI in Group-A was 0.64 ± 0.55 while it was 0.58 ± 0.0.28 in Group-B (P <0.000). This increase in RI had a positive correlation with duration of the disease, GFR and HbA1c levels, but there was no correlation with serum creatinine or AER. We conclude that RI is increased early in TI-DM, and it can be a predictor of DN.
Determination of certain urinary microRNAs as promising biomarkers in diabetic nephropathy patients using gold nanoparticles.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a major leading cause of kidney failure. So, early detection of DN by assessing urinary microRNAs (miRNAs) expression may be of clinical value. In this study, the diagnostic value of two urinary miRNAs (miR-210 & miR-34a) as biomarkers for diagnosis of DN was assessed using a simple colorimetric gold nanoparticle (AuNP) assay and real-time PCR. MiR-(210 & 34a) were markedly up-regulated in DN groups (micro-albuminuric and macro-albuminuric groups) compared to the non-albuminuric group and healthy controls. The sensitivity and specificity for the qualitative detection of urinary miR-(210 & 34a) using the AuNP assay were (78% and 72%) & (81% and 69%), respectively, which were consistent with the results of real-time PCR. There was a highly significant correlation between urinary miR-(210 & 34a) detected by either qRT-PCR or qualitative AuNP assay. Accordingly, this simple AuNP assay may be considered a valid test for the detection of these two urinary miRNAs as potential biomarkers that can aid in the noninvasive diagnosis of DN.
Plasma connective tissue growth factor is an independent predictor of end-stage renal disease and mortality in type 1 diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the predictive value of baseline plasma connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) in a prospective study of patients with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Subjects were 198 type 1 diabetic patients with established diabetic nephropathy and 188 type 1 diabetic patients with persistent normoalbuminuria. Follow-up time was 12.8 years. Prediction of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and mortality by plasma CTGF was analyzed in conjunction with conventional risk factors. RESULTS: Plasma CTGF was higher in patients with nephropathy than in patients with normoalbuminuria (median 381 [interquartile range 270-630] vs. 235 [168-353] pmol/l). In patients with nephropathy, elevated plasma CTGF was an independent predictor of ESRD (covariate-adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.6 [95% CI 1.1-2.5]) and correlated with the rate of decline in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (cumulative R = 0.46). Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for prediction of ESRD was 0.72. Plasma CTGF above a cutoff level of 413 pmol/l predicted ESRD with a sensitivity of 73% and a specificity of 63% and was associated with a higher rate of decline in GFR (mean +/- SD 5.4 +/- 4.9 vs. 3.3 +/- 3.5 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) per year). Moreover, in patients with nephrotic range albuminuria (>3 g/day), plasma CTGF was the only predictor of ESRD (covariate-adjusted HR 4.5 [2.0-10.4]). Plasma CTGF was an independent predictor also of overall mortality (covariate-adjusted HR 1.4 [1.1-1.7]). In contrast, in normoalbuminuric patients, plasma CTGF did not correlate with clinical parameters and did not predict outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma CTGF contributes significantly to prediction of ESRD and mortality in patients with type 1 diabetic nephropathy.
Color Doppler sonographic dynamic tissue perfusion measurement demonstrates significantly reduced cortical perfusion in children with diabetes mellitus type 1 without microalbuminuria and apparently healthy kidneys.; MOTIVATION: With respect to the devastating consequences of the increasing prevalence of diabetes mellitus, the main reason for end stage renal disease and dialysis in industrialized countries, and the very limited diagnostic and therapeutic possibilities to predict, monitor and prevent diabetic nephropathy (DN), new concepts for early recognition and quantification of the prevailing microvascular changes in DN are urgently needed. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We present the first study of renal cortical tissue perfusion measurement by means of standardized color Doppler sonographic videos evaluated with the PixelFlux software 1 for Dynamic Tissue Perfusion Measurement (DTPM) in 92 patients with DM1 without MA compared to 71 healthy probands. RESULTS: DTPM reveals a highly significant diminution of cortical perfusion in patients with DM1 compared to healthy probands by 31 %, most pronounced in the distal hemicortex (reduction by 50 %) compared to 21 % within the proximal hemicortex. CONCLUSION: Thus, DTPM offers a novel means of numerically describing the state of the renal microvasculature in DM in a patient-friendly, non-invasive, non-ionizing manner.
Visit-to-visit variability in systolic blood pressure is correlated with diabetic nephropathy and atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Recent studies make remarks on the effect of variability in systolic blood pressure (SBP) on the development of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between the variability in SBP and the degree of diabetic nephropathy and atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We measured SBP in 422 consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes at every visit during a year, and we calculated the coefficient of variation (CV) of SBP. Then, we evaluated relationships of variability of SBP to degree of urinary albumin excretion (UAE), which is a useful marker for cardiovascular disease as well as diabetic nephropathy, ankle-brachial index (ABI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV). RESULTS: CV of SBP positively correlated with logUAE (r=0.210, P<0.0001) or PWV (r=0.409, P<0.0001), whereas CV of SBP inversely correlated with ABI (r=-0.098, P=0.0463). Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that CV of SBP independently correlated with logUAE (β=0.149, P=0.0072), PWV (β=0.337, P<0.0001) or ABI (β=-0.162, P=0.0101). CONCLUSIONS: Not only average SBP but also variability in SBP is correlated with diabetic nephropathy and atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Association between Urinary Levels of Interleukin-6, Interleukin-10 and Tumor Necrosis Factor-Alpha with Glomerular and Tubular Damage Indicators in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: This study investigated the association between urinary levels of interleukin (IL)-6, IL-10, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (uACR), and urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (uNGAL) in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: Urinary concentrations of IL-6, IL-10, TNF-α, ACR, and NGAL were measured in 121 patients with T2D. RESULTS: Urinary IL-6 and TNF-α increased 45.5% and 49.4% in the highest uACR quartile compared to lowest quartile. Urinary IL-10 levels decreased 40.9% in the highest uACR quartile compared to the lowest quartile. Urinary IL-6 and TNF-α were 75.3% and 81.6%, higher in the highest uNGAL quartile compared to the lowest quartile. Urinary IL-10 concentration was 69.8% lower in patients from the highest uNGAL quartile compared to lowest quartile. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary IL-6, IL-10, and TNF-α were associated with indicators of glomerular and tubular injuries in patients with T2D.
Associations of atherosclerosis in the descending thoracic aorta on CTA with arterial stiffness and chronic kidney disease in asymptomatic patients with diabetes mellitus.; The relation between atherosclerosis in the descending thoracic aortic (DTA), arterial stiffness and chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) remains unclear. The current aim was to evaluate associations of DTA atherosclerosis with arterial stiffness and parameters of CKD in asymptomatic patients with DM. A total of 213 asymptomatic patients with diabetes (mean age 52 years, 56% men) underwent cardiovascular risk assessment including multi-slice computed tomography (for non-invasive coronary angiography, from which DTA atherosclerosis can be derived), non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness with applanation tonometry and assessment of renal function. Measurements of DTA atherosclerosis included assessment of DTA thickening and calcium score. Arterial stiffness was determined by the carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV), parameters of CKD included estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR). DTA atherosclerosis was present in 180 (84%) patients. Patients with DTA atherosclerosis had increased arterial stiffness, lower eGFR and higher UACR values. After multivariate correction, DTA calcium score was independently associated with PWV (β = 0.18, p = 0.04). Furthermore, both DTA maximal wall thickness and DTA calcium score were independently associated with eGFR (β = -7.37, p < 0.001 and β = -1.99, p < 0.003, respectively), but not with UACR. The increase in arterial stiffness by atherosclerosis seemed to be mediated by arterial calcification, while the DTA calcium score was independently associated with arterial stiffness, but not DTA maximal wall thickness. Furthermore, parameters of CKD in patients with DM had a distinct relationship with DTA atherosclerosis: DTA atherosclerosis was associated with eGFR but not with UACR.
Screening for microalbuminuria. A comparison of single sample methods of collection and techniques of albumin analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate single-sample urine collections to determine their ability to screen patients for the presence of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria in patients with type I diabetes predicts the development of diabetic renal disease. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of single-sample urine collection techniques (first morning void, random upright void) and methods of albumin analysis (RIA, reagent tablet) were compared with conventional 24-h urine collections (RIA). The study included 94 patients (45 males, 49 females; mean serum creatinine 88 microM) with type I diabetes, selected from a screened population of 301 patients from the University Hospital Subspecialty Clinics. RESULTS: A 24-hour urine collection RIA analysis for albumin revealed 36 normal patients (< 30 mg), 27 with microalbuminuria (30-300 mg), and 31 with albuminuria (> 300 mg). Random upright urine samples were more sensitive (RIA 89%, tablets 78%) for the detection of microalbuminuria than first morning void specimens (RIA 70%, tablets 60%). Specificity was > 80% with both random and first morning voids. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for microalbuminuria can be performed in the clinic by random upright single-sample urine collections. When reagent tablets were used, these results are available immediately. Patients who screen positive should be confirmed by 24-h or other timed urine collections.
Microalbuminuria in adult outpatients not receiving nephrological care and with risk factors for chronic kidney disease in Peruvian nephrology departments.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a public health issue and is considered a common and harmful, but treatable disease. Early diagnosis can prevent the possibility of severe vascular damage and its complications, facilitating prompt and aggressive therapeutic measures. OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency of microalbuminuria (MAU) in outpatients with known risk factors and to analyse whether a patient model exists in which screening is more efficient. METHODS: Ours was an observational, cross-sectional study involving 2968 patients from 23 nephrology centres in Peru. Inclusion criteria were: male and female outpatients aged ≥18 years with previous diagnosis of hypertension (AHT), diabetes mellitus (DM) and/or obesity. We obtained values for body mass index (BMI), waist hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure, and microalbuminuria by dipstick. We then tested for the association of these variables with MAU using odds ratios (OR). RESULTS: The mean age of our patients was 52.76 +/- 14.24 years, 68.41% were women, and 57.48% of the patients came from the capital. DM was diagnosed in 508 patients (19.29%), 1368 (51.93%) had hypertension, and 758 (28.78%) were obese. The frequency of MAU was 53.45%, and 8.96% of patients had MAU>100 mg/L. There was a highly significant correlation with DM (OR: 11.62; 95% CI: 8.55-15.78) and AHT (OR: 1.48; 95% CI: 1.24-1.76), while being from the capital (OR: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.64-0.89) and female sex (OR: 0.72; 95% CI: 10.60-0.86) acted as protective factors. conclusions: The frequency of microalbuminuria in the population studied was 53.45%. There was a highly significant correlation with diabetes and a hypertension found during evaluation, while being from the capital and female sex acted as protective factors.
Detection of microalbuminuria. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis favors albumin-to-creatinine ratio over albumin concentration.; OBJECTIVE: To compare albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and albumin concentration (ALB) for detection of microalbuminuria using precise data on CIs for sensitivity and specificity and to determine sex- and age-specific discriminator values for ACR. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All consecutive patients investigated for the presence of microalbuminuria with timed overnight urine collection were included in the study. Results from 1.171 men and 1,223 women were eligible for evaluation. Albumin excretion rate (the reference procedure), ALB, and ACR were compared by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. Age- and sex-specific discriminator values were established. Sensitivity and specificity were determined, and their CIs were compared with those calculated from data presented in the literature. RESULTS: Sensitivity and specificity were 89% (range, 85-92) and 90% (88-92), respectively, for women, and 90% (87-93) and 89% (86-91), respectively, for men, at a discriminator value of 15 mg/l for the ALB. This discriminator value did not show any relationship to sex or age. For the ACR, which depends on sex, the sensitivity and specificity were 94% (92-96) and 92% (91-94), respectively, at 2.5 g/mol for women and 94% (92-97) and 93% (91-95), respectively, at 1.8 g/mol for men. The discriminator value for the ACR appears to depend on age in both men and women. CONCLUSIONS: ROC curve analysis clearly shows that the ACR performs better than the ALB in screening for microalbuminuria. However, in contrast to the ALB, the ACR needs sex- and age-specific discriminator values.
'Microalbuminuria' and diabetes: a critique--assessment of urinary albumin excretion and its role in screening for diabetic nephropathy.; Abnormal albumin excretion in the range not previously detectable by routine clinical methods can now be readily quantified, and has been shown to predict the development of clinically significant nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and to predict excess mortality in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Albuminuria of this degree has been inappropriately called "microalbuminuria," a misleading term which should be abandoned. In IDDM, persistent minimal elevation of albumin excretion predicts the development of more severe proteinuria and clinical diabetic nephropathy, which frequently progresses to renal failure. In NIDDM, the predictive value for renal failure remains to be established, but excess mortality occurs in those with abnormal albumin excretion, suggesting that it is an indicator of generalized vascular disease. However, the normal range of albumin excretion in older subjects is not well established. The relationship of glomerular injury to mildly elevated albumin excretion is uncertain. Several means of reducing the excretion rate have been described, but whether these can halt or prevent progression of glomerular injury is unknown. Thus, at the present time detection of mildly elevated albumin excretion and intervention to reduce the incidence of diabetic nephropathy or other diabetes-related complications fail to meet generally accepted criteria for prescriptive screening. However, such measurements of albumin excretion provide an important tool for research into the natural history and pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy.
Comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.; With the aim of comparing different urine collection periods in the assessment of micro-albuminuria, urinary albumin excretion rates (AERs) were measured in samples from 24 h, overnight, and morning urine collections in 54 patients aged 17 to 62 years with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with a mean duration of 15 years. The AER in overnight urine was found to be reduced by 25% compared to the rate in 24 h and morning urine. Assessing the ability to predict a 24 h AER within the microalbuminuric range (20-200 micrograms/min) we found a sensitivity of 90% and a specificity of 88% for both overnight and morning urine samples. These values were slightly improved by relating AER to the excretion of creatinine and it is concluded that overnight as well as morning urine collections can be used when diagnosing microalbuminuria in insulin-dependent diabetics. Furthermore the results show that the albumin to creatinine ratio in morning urine is a reliable estimate of 24 h AER and better than measurement of the albumin concentration alone.
Micral-Test: a qualitative dipstick test for micro-albuminuria.; Micro-albuminuria is a very sensitive predictor of the development of renal disease in insulin- and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. A reliable dipstick test for routine screening for micro-albuminuria is, therefore, desirable. Such a test has been developed by Boehringer Mannheim, Germany, and marketed as Micral-Test. It is an immunological slide-test with semi-quantitative properties. To evaluate its performance as a screening test we compared it with a turbidimetric immuno-assay. In 396 urine specimens from 132 patients, sensitivity was 91% and specificity 96% for a discriminating albumin level of 20 mg/l. Correlation with quantitative values was reasonable (r = 0.73). We also tested for micro-albuminuria, defined as mean albumin excretion rate of > or = 20 micrograms/min, determined with the turbidimetric immuno-assay in timed overnight urines on three consecutive days, whereas Micral-Test was considered to be positive for micro-albuminuria if the albumin concentration in one of the three urine samples was > or = 20 mg/ml. In 132 patients, the sensitivity of Micral-Test was 82% and the specificity 86%. Albumin excretion rate in all false-negative results was < 50 micrograms/min. We therefore concluded that Micral-Test is a useful qualitative screening test for micro-albuminuria in diabetic patients.
Toe-brachial index is associated more strongly with albuminuria or glomerular filtration rate than ankle-brachial index in patients with type 2 diabetes.; The aim of this study was to investigate whether toe-brachial index (TBI) is more strongly associated with albuminuria or estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) than ankle-brachial index (ABI), and thus is a more suitable tool for evaluating the association between peripheral artery disease (PAD) and diabetic nephropathy than ABI in patients with type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the relationships between ABI or TBI and the degree of urinary albumin excretion or eGFR, as well as the major cardiovascular risk factors, in 390 patients with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, we compared the area under the receiver-operator characteristic curve (AUC) of TBI or ABI for albuminuria or chronic kidney disease (CKD). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was negatively associated with ABI. Age and duration of diabetes were negatively associated with TBI, and diastolic blood pressure and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were positively associated with TBI. Log (urinary albumin excretion) was associated more strongly with TBI (r=-0.265, P<0.0001) than with ABI (r=-0.132, P=0.0111), and eGFR was positively associated with TBI (r=0.195, P=0.0002) but not with ABI (r=0.023, P=0.6571). The AUCs of TBI for albuminuria (P=0.0002) and CKD (P=0.0322) were significantly greater than those of ABI. In conclusion, TBI is associated more strongly with albuminuria and eGFR than ABI in patients with type 2 diabetes. Our study suggests that TBI may be a more suitable tool for evaluating the association between PAD and diabetic nephropathy than ABI in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Progression-related bias in the monitoring of kidney function in patients with diabetes and chronic kidney disease.; The Cockcroft and Gault (CG) and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equations underestimate the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) decline in diabetes. Do this decline and the albumin excretion rate (AER) influence their validity? In 161 diabetic patients, isotopically determined GFR (i-GFR) (51Cr-EDTA) was compared with estimated GFR (e-GFR) by the CG, MDRD, and the new Mayo Clinic Quadratic (MCQ) equations. We searched for a relation between the error in e-GFR and the AER. An influence of the AER outcome on the e-GFR decline was evaluated in 63 subjects followed up over 3 years. The MDRD and the MCQ were more precise and accurate than the CG, but they were biased. The error increased with AER for the CG (r = 0.25, P = .001) and the MDRD (r = 0.20, P = .009), but not for the MCQ. For the 63 patients followed up, the e-GFR declines by the 3 estimations were related to the initial AER, whereas no relation with arterial blood pressure, hemoglobin A(1C), hemoglobin, and blood lipids emerged. The MCQ declines were more pronounced: -10.5% +/- 8.9% in the macroalbuminuric group (P < .05 vs both microalbuminuric [-2.6% +/- 10.1%] and normoalbuminuric [-0.1% +/- 6.6%] groups), and were related to the outcome of the AER (r = 0.33, P < .05). As chronic kidney disease progresses in diabetes, the declining GFR and rising AER influence the estimation of GFR by the CG and MDRD equations, underestimating the GFR decline and the benefit of reducing the AER. The less affected MCQ evidences a slower e-GFR decline with AER control.
Microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus: efficacy of a new screening method in comparison with timed overnight urine collection.; Diabetic nephropathy and end-stage renal failure are still a major cause of mortality amongst patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). In this study, we evaluated the Clinitek-Microalbumin (CM) screening test strip for the detection of microalbuminuria (MA) in a random morning spot urine in comparison with the quantitative assessment of albuminuria in the timed overnight urine collection ("gold standard"). One hundred thirty-four children, adolescents, and young adults with insulin-dependent DM Type 1 were studied at 222 outpatient visits. Because of urinary tract infection and/or haematuria, the data of 13 visits were excluded. Finally, 165 timed overnight urine were collected in the remaining 209 visits (79% sample per visit rate). Ten (6.1%) patients presented MA of > or =15 microg/min. In comparison however, 200 spot urine could be screened (96% sample/visit rate) yielding a significant increase in compliance and screening rate (P<.001, McNemar test). Furthermore, at 156 occasions, the gold standard and CM could be directly compared. The sensitivity and the specificity for CM in the spot urine (cut-off > or =30 mg albumin/l) were 0.89 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56-0.99] and 0.73 (CI 0.66-0.80), respectively. The positive and negative predictive value were 0.17 (CI 0.08-0.30) and 0.99 (CI 0.95-1.00), respectively. Considering CM albumin-to-creatinine ratio, the results were poorer than with the albumin concentration alone. Using CM instead of quantitative assessment of albuminuria is not cost-effective (35 US dollars versus 60 US dollars/patient/year). In conclusion, to exclude MA, the CM used in the random spot urine is reliable and easy to handle, but positive screening results of > or =30 mg albumin/l must be confirmed by analyses in the timed overnight collected urine. Although the screening compliance is improved, in terms of analysing random morning spot urine for MA, we cannot recommend CM in a paediatric diabetic outpatient setting because the specificity is far too low.
Early myocardial impairment in type 1 diabetes patients without known heart disease assessed with tissue Doppler echocardiography: The Thousand & 1 study.; PURPOSE: Cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of mortality in type 1 diabetes; patients with albuminuria are at greatest risk. We investigated myocardial function and premature myocardial impairment in type 1 diabetes patients with and without albuminuria compared to controls. METHODS: This study included a cross-sectional survey of 1093 type 1 diabetes patients from Steno Diabetes Center and 200 healthy controls. Conventional and tissue Doppler echocardiographic measurements were analysed in multivariable models in normoalbuminuria (n = 760), microalbuminuria (n = 227) and macroalbuminuria (n = 106). Investigators were blinded to degree of albuminuria. RESULTS: For the type 1 diabetes patients, mean age was 49.6 years, 53% were men and mean diabetes duration was 25.5 years. In multivariable models systolic velocity s' did not differ between type 1 diabetes patients with normoalbuminuria and controls (β-coefficient [95% confidence interval]: -0.17 [-0.41; 0.08], p = 0.19), but was impaired between controls and microalbuminuria (-0.53 [-0.84; -0.23], p = 0.001) and macroalbuminuria (-0.59 [-0.96; -0.22], p = 0.002). Diastolic measurements (e', a', e'/a', and E/e') were all significantly impaired in type 1 diabetes, for example, e'/a': normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria and macroalbuminuria versus controls: -0.38 [-0.52; -0.23], p < 0.001; -0.49 [-0.67; -0.32], p < 0.001; and -0.81 [-1.03; -0.59], p < 0.001. In age-related analyses, myocardial impairment occurred prematurely in type 1 diabetes compared to controls (e.g. E/e' = 8; 9.2 years [normoalbuminuria], 17.3 years [microalbuminuria] and 41.4 years [macroalbuminuria] prematurely, respectively). CONCLUSION: In type 1 diabetes patients with albuminuria, both systolic and diastolic functions are impaired, whereas in patients without albuminuria only diastolic function is affected. Myocardial impairment is detectable many years prematurely in type 1 diabetes, especially in patients with albuminuria.
An aid to the early detection and management of diabetic nephropathy: assessment of a new point of care microalbuminuria system in the diabetic clinic.; AIMS: To compare the performance of the DCA2000 microalbuminuria system for albumin and creatinine concentrations and the albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) with laboratory measurements in the hospital diabetes clinic and to assess the ease of use and applicability by standard clinic personnel. METHODS: Urine albumin and creatinine concentration and ACR were measured in 154 diabetic patient samples and in 77 normal subjects. Both albumin assays are based on immunoturbidimetry. The DCA2000 system utilizes reagent cartridges processed automatically. RESULTS: Control material within-run precision (coefficient of variation (CV)) for albumin and creatinine ranged up to 7.1% and 3.3% respectively. Between-run CVs ranged from 2.1% to 4.3%. Method comparisons yielded correlation coefficients > 0.99 for albumin, creatinine and ACR, only a small negative bias of 3.2 mg/l for albumin and 0.10 mg/mmol for ACR, no concentration-related bias for ACR and no between-method difference for either albumin (P = 0.195) or ACR (P = 0.341). At a laboratory albumin concentration cut-off of 20 mg/l the sensitivity, specificity, negative and positive predictive values were 92.4% 100% 92.7% and 100%. Normal reference range mean albumin, creatinine and ACR values for the DCA2000 and the laboratory were 7.7 mg/l vs. 9.0 mg/l 13.0 mmol/l vs. 12.6 mmol/l and 0.66 mg/mmol vs. 0.81 mg/mmol respectively. Clinic personnel found that the DCA2000 system was easy to use suited the clinic environment and generated confidence in the results. CONCLUSIONS: This point of care system safely substitutes laboratory-based measurements. Ease of use and low cost make it suitable for screening and monitoring diabetes treatment. It facilitates the use of random urines, and may obviate the need for timed samples. This approach has a clear place in the battle to reduce the diabetic vascular disease burden.
Near-normal urinary albumin concentrations predict progression to diabetic nephropathy in Type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To determine urinary albumin concentrations that predict progression to diabetic nephropathy and sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy and identify baseline parameters associated with progression. METHODS: One thousand two hundred and one Type 1 diabetic patients aged 35 years or younger at diagnosis attending six hospital diabetes clinics in Scotland and included on the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh Diabetes Register were followed for a median (interquartile range) of 4.0 (2.5-5.5) years. Diabetic nephropathy was defined as the geometric mean of two consecutive urinary albumin values > 200 mg/l or a single value > 1,000 mg/l. Retinopathy was defined as clinician-determined maculopathy or proliferative retinopathy. RESULTS: Forty-six patients developed nephropathy (4%) and 98 retinopathy (8%). Cox proportional hazards analyses demonstrated that a baseline urinary albumin concentration above 7.4 mg/l, longer duration of diabetes and higher HbA1c levels predicted the development of nephropathy. Higher baseline urinary albumin concentrations were the most powerful predictor for the development of nephropathy. Longer duration of diabetes, baseline blood pressure > 140/90 mmHg and higher HbA1c levels all predicted the development of sight-threatening retinopathy whereas baseline urinary albumin concentration did not. CONCLUSIONS: Elevation of urinary albumin concentration just above the normal range is associated with an increased risk of developing diabetic nephropathy. Identifying patients with any abnormalities of urinary albumin excretion will provide a clear rationale for early therapeutic interventions.
Longitudinal study of urinary albumin excretion in young diabetic patients--Wessex Diabetic Nephropathy Project.; AIMS: This study was established to follow changes in albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and to determine the prevalence and degree of progression of microalbuminuria (MA) or of clinical proteinuria (CP) in children with Type 1 diabetes. The study has investigated subjects for up to 12 years in establishing the correlation between MA and gender, age, duration of diabetes and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). The study has defined clinical cut-offs for MA in daytime clinic urine samples in young diabetic subjects. METHODS: Three hundred and sixty-one patients were involved in the study, with 221 (61.2%) having over six sets of data. Urine samples were collected at routine annual clinic visits and analysed without prior freezing for ACR. Blood samples were taken for HbA1c measurement. Data including sex, age and duration of diabetes were recorded. RESULTS: A random clinic ACR of < 4.5 mg/mmol (males) and 5.2 mg/mmol (females) creatinine was used as the 'clinical cut-off' to define the presence of MA. The presence of MA was independent of HbA1c and duration of diabetes but appeared be associated with the adolescent years (> 10 years). There was little evidence of progression from normoalbuminuria to MA, or from MA to CP. Of patients aged 10-18 years, 30.9% of males and 40.4% of females had one or more episodes of MA. CONCLUSIONS: Persistent MA and random episodes of MA or CP may be associated with the adolescent years but not with duration of diabetes. Further study will reveal if the substantial increases in ACR sometimes seen during adolescence are predictive of diabetic nephropathy. Clinical cut-offs of < 4.5 and < 5.2 mg/mmol creatinine for males and females, respectively, are suggested for the interpretation of changes in ACR in random urine samples in young people with Type 1 diabetes.
[Urinary dipsticks must not be used to detect diabetes-induced incipient nephropathy].; INTRODUCTION: Microalbuminuria is an early indication of diabetic nephropathy in patients with Type 1 diabetes and a marker of cardiovascular in patients with type 2 diabetes. It must therefore be assessed annually in these patients. We sought to determine whether semiquantitative determination of proteinuria with urinary dipsticks was useful for this purpose. METHOD: This analysis of consecutive urinary samples among diabetic patients excluded those with dipstick results positive either for leukocyturia or nitrituria, to avoid false positives due to urinary infection. We assessed the reliability of the dipsticks in comparison with conventional microalbuminuria and proteinuria assays. RESULTS: The study included 230 patients. Positive dipstick results had good positive (95.7%) and negative (93.9%) predictive values. Low levels of microalbuminuria, however - those that lead to early adjustment of treatment, were much more difficult to identify: the negative predictive value was only 73.7% and proteinuria was no longer correlated with microalbuminuria. DISCUSSION: Urinary dipsticks cannot replace conventional assays for microalbuminuria or proteinuria.
Progression to microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes: development and validation of a prediction rule.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Microalbuminuria is common in type 1 diabetes and is associated with an increased risk of renal and cardiovascular disease. We aimed to develop and validate a clinical prediction rule that estimates the absolute risk of microalbuminuria. METHODS: Data from the European Diabetes Prospective Complications Study (n = 1115) were used to develop the prediction rule (development set). Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association between potential predictors and progression to microalbuminuria within 7 years. The performance of the prediction rule was assessed with calibration and discrimination (concordance statistic [c-statistic]) measures. The rule was validated in three other diabetes studies (Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications [EDC] study, Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy [FinnDiane] study and Coronary Artery Calcification in Type 1 Diabetes [CACTI] study). RESULTS: Of patients in the development set, 13% were microalbuminuric after 7 years. Glycosylated haemoglobin, AER, WHR, BMI and ever smoking were found to be the most important predictors. A high-risk group (n = 87 [8%]) was identified with a risk of progression to microalbuminuria of 32%. Predictions showed reasonable discriminative ability, with c-statistic of 0.71. The rule showed good calibration and discrimination in EDC, FinnDiane and CACTI (c-statistic 0.71, 0.79 and 0.79, respectively). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: We developed and validated a clinical prediction rule that uses relatively easily obtainable patient characteristics to predict microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes. This rule can help clinicians to decide on more frequent check-ups for patients at high risk of microalbuminuria in order to prevent long-term chronic complications.
Plasma type IV collagen levels as a potential biomarker for early detection of nephropathy in diabetes mellitus patients.; Diabetic nephropathy represents a microvascular complication related to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that ultimately causes end-stage renal disease. Our study aimed to evaluate the association of plasma type IV collagen with albuminuria status and to assess the clinical significance of plasma type IV collagen as a potential biomarker in the early stage of diabetic nephropathy. The study comprised 75 participants diagnosed with T2DM allocated equally (n=25) into three groups: (A) normal albuminuria levels, (B) microalbuminuria, and (C) macroalbuminuria, depending on their urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio. A comparative analysis was conducted between these groups and a control group (D, n=15). The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method was employed for measuring plasma type IV collagen levels. The results revealed that plasma type IV collagen levels were significantly higher in T2DM groups than in the control group. Moreover, diabetic patients without albuminuria had significantly higher plasma type IV collagen levels than the control group (p < 0.001). Furthermore, albuminuria levels among diabetic patient groups were significantly increased as albuminuria categories increased (p < 0.001). A significant positive correlation existed between plasma type IV collagen and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels in the macroalbuminuric diabetic group. Our study employed the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis to determine plasma type IV collagen diagnostic utility in macroalbuminuria prediction. The ROC curve analysis revealed that type IV collagen can significantly determine macroalbuminuric patients at a cutoff value of 2.25 with sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value of 68%, 100%, 100%, and 75.8%, respectively (p < 0.001). In conclusion, plasma type IV collagen levels might serve as a valuable predictor of albuminuria onset in patients with T2DM.
Risk of microalbuminuria in relatives of subjects with diabetic nephropathy: a predictive model based on multivariable dimensionality reduction approach.; AIM: To evaluate a predictive model of microalbuminuria by using anthropometric, clinical and genetic variables in relatives of subjects with diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: Eligible subjects, aged 18-63 years with body mass index<35 kg/m2, and first degree relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy were enrolled in a cross-sectional study. A total of 70 individuals with microalbuminuria were compared with 60 individuals without microalbuminuria. Based on a morning urinary sample, microalbuminuria was defined as albumin≥30<300 mg/dL. Genotyping of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) G-174C of IL6 (rs1800795), G-308A of TNF (rs1800629), and Pro12Ala of PPARÎ³2 (rs1801282) genes were determined. The multivariable dimensionality reduction analysis was performed using the software multifactor dimensionality reduction package. RESULTS: The multivariable dimensionality reduction analysis showed that obesity and SNP G-308A of TNF gene exhibited main effects with 1.10 and 1.98% of information gain (IG), respectively. The IL6 showed synergy (interaction) with HDL-c (IG 1.27%) and sex (IG 1.02%); also high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and triglycerides levels showed synergy (IG 1.08%). The consistency of the cross-validation for this model was 0.6836, with sensitivity and specificity of 0.58 and 0.76 (odds ratio 4.64; 95% CI 4.0-10.0, p<0.0001). CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that obesity and/or high blood pressure, in synergism with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, is the main predictive risk factor of diabetic nephropathy in healthy subjects, relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy.
Low serum endothelial cell-selective adhesion molecule predicts increase in albuminuria in type 2 diabetes patients.; PURPOSE: The newly discovered endothelial cell-selective adhesion molecule (ESAM) stabilizes the interendothelial tight junction; it circulates in serum as a soluble fraction. In experimental diabetes, reduced ESAM expression in the kidney is associated with albuminuria. We investigated, for the first time, serum ESAM as a predictor of progression of kidney disease in type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: T2D non-nephrotic patients with glomerular filtration rate (GFR) > 30 ml/min were included. History, medication and laboratory evaluation were assessed at inclusion and the end of study; ESAM was determined at baseline. RESULTS: Eighty-eight patients--mean age 63 ± 10.84 years, 49 (55.68 %) males--were prospectively followed up for 20 months. Baseline GFR was 76.37 ± 29.56 ml/min, and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) 21.63(7.08-94.52) mg/g; ESAM was 12.85(6.13-19.83) ng/ml. Difference (Δ) in UACR between end of study and baseline was inversely related to serum albumin (r = -0.27, p = 0.017) and ESAM (r = -0.21, p = 0.047); ΔGFR correlated to glycated hemoglobin (r = 0.22, p = 0.05). In multiple regression, introducing variables susceptible to influence progression of kidney disease, ΔUACR was significantly related to log ESAM (p = 0.005) and ΔGFR to glycated hemoglobin (p = 0.016). CONCLUSION: Serum ESAM is a predictor of worsening of albuminuria in T2D patients without advanced kidney disease.
Albuminuria estimated from proteinuria in diabetics. Is it a real alternative in clinical practice?; While proteinuria detectable by dip-sticks is the hallmark of overt diabetic nephropathy, urinary albumin excretion (UAE) above normal but Albustix-negative (so-called microalbuminuria) is the main characteristic of the preproteinuric phase of the diabetic renal disease. Reliable measurement of UAE requires very sensitive and accurate methods, such as radioimmunoassay (RIA), which, however, are not suitable for routine UAE analysis. The Coomassie Brilliant Blue dye binding method has been suggested to be a simple and economical way of indirectly measuring albuminuria in diabetic patients. In the present paper, we compared the chemico-clinical characteristics of a RIA method with those of the Coomassie dye binding method, in order to verify if it is really possible to calculate albuminuria from proteinuria (and vice versa) by a simple linear regression equation, as previously suggested. The RIA has shown a better sensitivity and accuracy in comparison to the dye binding method. Our study suggests that there is not a linear relationship between proteinuria and albuminuria in diabetic patients. Indeed, the ratio between the total proteinuria, as measured with the dye method, and the albuminuria, as measured by a specific and sensitive RIA, varies greatly in diabetic patients with or without glomerular nephropathy. While the dye binding method appears the best procedure for the assay of total microproteinuria, since it is precise, cheap and feasible, the RIA, due to its high sensitivity and specificity, is more suitable for early and accurate detection of microalbuminuria, as well for the close follow-up of subjects at risk of developing overt diabetic nephropathy.
The early natural history of nephropathy in type 1 diabetes: II. Early renal structural changes in type 1 diabetes.; Renal structural abnormalities are known to precede the development of proteinuria, hypertension, and reduced renal function in patients with type 1 diabetes. The determinants of these early structural abnormalities are, however, largely unknown. The International Diabetic Nephropathy Study (IDNS) has recruited 243 children and adults (aged 10-40 years) in Montreal, Minneapolis, and Paris to identify and quantify these determinants. All study subjects were normotensive and had normal-to-high glomerular filtration rates (GFRs) and urinary albumin excretion rates (AERs) <100 microg/min at study entry. Only 8 of 243 had an AER > or =20 microg/min (microalbuminuria). Two renal biopsies are obtained at a 5-year intervals, with baseline and follow-up measures of renal function, blood pressure (BP), HbA(1c), plasma lipids, and AER. Herein, we examine the baseline renal biopsy morphometric findings in these subjects and in 87 kidney donor control subjects and explore the associations between findings and clinical and demographic variables. The principal morphometric abnormalities were increased glomerular basement membrane (GBM) width and fractional volume of mesangium [Vv(Mes/glom)] and mesangial matrix [Vv(MM/glom)]. The frequency of these abnormalities increased with increasing duration of diabetes but was observed as early as 2-8 years after onset. Diastolic BP (DBP), but not HbA(1c), was directly associated with these abnormalities. Elevated GFR was associated with only a small increase in peripheral glomerular capillary basement membrane filtration surface density. Center differences were detected in renal structural, renal functional, and BP parameters, especially between the Paris and North American centers. GBM width, Vv(Mes/glom), and Vv(MM/glom) are significantly increased even within a few years of onset of type 1 diabetes. These changes are detectable in normoalbuminuric patients and are related to duration, BP, and study site. Changes in these and other morphometric measures over 5-year follow-up should help clarify the roles of glycemia and other determinants of the rates of development of diabetic nephropathy lesions, as well as their relationships to early changes in BP, albumin excretion, and renal function.
Clinical significance of microalbuminuria and evaluation of the Micral-Test.; Microalbuminuria is defined as excretion of albumin between 20 and 200 micrograms/min. Persistent microalbuminuria indicates a high probability of damage to the glomerular filtration capacity of the kidney and is of great diagnostic relevance: (a) in diabetes, for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy; (b) in patients with hypertension, as an indicator of end-organ damage associated with a lowered life expectancy; (c) in pregnancy, as a possible predictor of developing preeclampsia. For screening, a concentration of 20-200 mg/L of albumin in the first morning urine has been proven to be a suitable indicator. The Micral-Test is a test strip now available that makes a semiquantitative assessment of the albumin concentration in the urine at various levels (0, 10, 20, 50, 100 mg/L). Many studies have shown that the sensitivity and specificity of the test strip is 90% or higher in urine containing elevated albumin concentrations. Furthermore, it was shown that there is no influence on the measurement from interfering factors such as glucose concentration, pH value, ketonuria, storage of the sample, or bacterial contamination in the urine. The Micral-Test offers a simple, exact, and with respect to interference effects, a robust testing method for the semiquantitative assessment of albumin concentration in the urine.
Screening and management of microalbuminuria in patients with diabetes mellitus: recommendations to the Scientific Advisory Board of the National Kidney Foundation from an ad hoc committee of the Council on Diabetes Mellitus of the National Kidney Foundation.; All individuals with diabetes mellitus should be screened yearly with a spot urine albumin:creatinine ratio to identify those who are at increased risk for the development of complications of diabetes mellitus, including nephropathy, retinopathy, and cardiovascular disease. Once these high-risk individuals are appropriately identified, it is recommended that therapy with an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor be initiated. In addition, cardiovascular risk factors should be investigated, and when appropriate, therapeutic interventions should be initiated according to existing recommendations.
Endothelial dysfunction and inflammation predict development of diabetic nephropathy in the Irbesartan in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Microalbuminuria (IRMA 2) study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate risk factors for progression from persistent microalbuminuria to diabetic nephropathy in the Irbesartan in Patients with Type 2 diabetes and Microalbuminuria (IRMA 2) study, including biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, chronic low-grade inflammation, growth factors and advanced glycation end products (AGE peptides). METHODS: IRMA 2 was a 2-year multicentre, randomized, double-blind trial comparing irbesartan (150 and 300 mg once daily) versus placebo. The primary end-point was time to onset of diabetic nephropathy. Samples from a subgroup from the placebo and the 300 mg irbesartan treatment group were used in this post-hoc analysis (n = 269, 68 %). Nine biomarkers were analysed: high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), fibrinogen, von Willebrand Factor (vWf), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), soluble intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), sE-selectin, transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) and AGE peptides. Mean standard deviation scores (Z-scores) were used to combine biomarker information. RESULTS: In a Cox enter model with combined Z-scores for biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction (vWf, sVCAM-1, sICAM-1, sE-selectin) and for biomarkers of inflammation (hs-CRP, IL-6, fibrinogen), endothelial dysfunction (hazard ratio for a 28 % increase ( = 1 SD) in Z-score) 3.20 (1.56 to 6.56), p = 0.001) and UAER (HR for a 75 % increase ( = 1 SD) in UAER) 2.61 (1.30 to 5.23), p = 0.007) were found as independent predictors. Independently, IL-6 and vWf predicted the end-point. In addition, endothelial Z-score was associated with progression of albuminuria (p = 0.038). CONCLUSION: Endothelial dysfunction and possibly inflammation are novel predictors of progression to diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria independently of traditional risk factors. ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT00317915.
Screening for microalbuminuria by use of microproteinuria.; We aimed to develop a reliable, low cost method to assess the early stages of renal impairment in diabetes, for use in high-risk populations in countries with limited resources. We evaluated a trichloroacetic acid (TCA) turbidimetric method for microproteinuria screening in patients with diabetes. The method was compared with an immunoturbidimetric procedure for the detection of microalbumuniuria. Both methods performed within limits of allowable uncertainty based on inter- and intra-individual variation. A urinary albumin/creatinine ratio of 3.0 g/mol, assumed as diagnostic of microalbuminuria, was found to correlate with a cut-off value of 24 mg/L for microproteinuria. The clinical sensitivity and specificity of the TCA method determined against this ratio were 86% and 90% respectively. The reliability and practicability of the TCA method renders it suitable for the detection of early stage renal damage, with emphasis on screening high-risk populations in countries with limited resources.
Gender differences in predictors of the decline of renal function in the general population.; We sought to identify predictors of the decline in renal function, especially those that are modifiable, in the 5488 participants of the prospective, community-based cohort study PREVEND who completed three visits during a mean follow-up of 6.5 years. The change in renal function was used as the outcome and this was calculated as the linear regression of three estimated GFR measurements obtained during follow-up. Risk factors, known to influence renal outcome in patients with primary renal diseases, were used as potential predictors in multivariate regression analyses. High systolic blood pressure and plasma glucose were found to be independent predictors for an accelerated decline in function for both genders. In males, albuminuria was the strongest independent predictor for renal function decline, whereas in females albuminuria was univariately associated only after adjustment for age. The direction of the association between cholesterol/HDL ratio and decline of renal function differed by gender. Surprisingly, in males, waist circumference was an independent predictor and positively associated with renal function outcome. These studies show that there are gender differences in the standard predictors of the decline in renal function.
Arterial stiffness is an independent predictor for albuminuria progression among Asians with type 2 diabetes-A prospective cohort study.; AIM: Albuminuria progression has been associated with renal deterioration in type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Central arterial stiffness can aggravate systemic vasculopathy by propagating elevated systolic and pulse pressures forward, thereby accentuating global vascular injury. We aim to investigate whether central arterial stiffness is an independent predictor for albuminuria progression in a multi-ethnic T2DM Asian cohort in Singapore. METHODS: In a prospective cohort, 1012 T2DM patients were assessed at baseline and after a median follow-up of 3.1years. 880 patients with baseline normo- (urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR)<30mg/g, n=579) and microalbuminuria (ACR=30-299mg/g, n=301) were divided into progression and non-progression groups according to ACR changes. Progression was defined as transition from normo- to microalbuminuria, micro- to macroalbuminuria, or normo- to macroalbuminuria. Central arterial stiffness was estimated by carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV) using applanation tonometry method. Stepwise multiple regression analysis was used to determine the predictor(s) for albuminuria progression. RESULTS: Albuminuria progression occurred in 178 patients (20.2%). Baseline PWV was higher in progression (10.1±2.9m/s) than non-progression group (9.2±2.4m/s, p<0.001). 1-SD increase in baseline PWV was associated with albuminuria progression (OR=1.457, 95% CI, 1.236-1.718, p<0.001). Stepwise regression analysis identified that baseline PWV (OR=1.241, 95% CI, 1.033-1.490, p=0.021), BMI (OR=1.046, 95% CI, 1.012-1.080, p=0.008), nature log-transformed estimated glomerular filtration rate (LneGFR) (OR=0.320, 95% CI, 0.192-0.530, p=0.010) and LnACR (OR=1.344, 95% CI, 1.187-1.522, p=0.008) are predictors for albuminuria progression. CONCLUSION: Increased central arterial stiffness at baseline predicted future progression of albuminuria. Our results suggest the potential benefit of ameliorating central arterial stiffness to retard albuminuria progression in T2DM.
Circulating fibroblast growth factor 21 levels predict progressive kidney disease in subjects with type 2 diabetes and normoalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: Elevated fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) levels have been suggested, from cross-sectional studies, as an indicator of subclinical diabetic nephropathy. We investigated whether serum FGF21 was predictive of the development of diabetic nephropathy. METHOD: Baseline serum FGF21 levels were measured in 1136 Chinese type 2 diabetic subjects recruited from the Hong Kong West Diabetes Registry. The role of serum FGF21 in predicting decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) over a median follow-up of 4 years was analyzed using Cox regression analysis. RESULTS: At baseline, serum FGF21 levels increased progressively with eGFR category (P for trend <.001). Among 1071 subjects with baseline eGFR ≥ 30 mL/min/1.73 m(2), serum FGF21 levels were significantly higher in those with eGFR decline during follow-up (n = 171) than those without decline (n = 900) (P < .001). In multivariable Cox regression analysis, baseline serum FGF21 was independently associated with eGFR decline (hazard ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-1.43; P = .036), even after adjustment for baseline eGFR. In a subgroup of 559 subjects with baseline eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) and normoalbuminuria, serum FGF21 level remained an independent predictor of eGFR decline (hazard ratio, 1.36; 95% CI, 1.06-1.76; P = .016). Integrated discrimination improvement (IDI) suggested that the inclusion of baseline serum FGF21 significantly improved the prediction of eGFR decline (IDI, 1%; 95% CI, 0.1-3.0; P = .013) in this subgroup, but not in the initial cohort involving all subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated serum FGF21 levels may be a useful biomarker for predicting kidney disease progression, especially in the early stages of diabetic nephropathy.
Risk markers of future microalbuminuria and hypertension based on clinical and morphological parameters in young type 1 diabetes patients.; BACKGROUND: Nephropathy is a severe complication of type 1 diabetes and develops in 30% of patients. Currently, it is not possible to identify young patients at risk prior to the development of microalbuminuria (MA) and/or hypertension (HT). OBJECTIVE: To study predictors of MA and/or HT in young normoalbuminuric (NA) patients with type 1 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Forty-six NA and normotensive (NT) type 1 diabetes patients, regularly followed since onset with checks on metabolic control, kidney function, and MA, were investigated with kidney biopsies and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurements (ABPMs) after 10.6 yr of diabetes. The patients were followed another six and a half years with regard to the development of MA and HT. RESULTS: Fifteen patients developed MA and/or HT during follow-up. The strongest risk markers were poor metabolic control after puberty, high day-time systolic blood pressure (BP), and increased BMT at 10 yr, which explained 62% of the outcome for MA and/or HT at 17 yr duration with 77% sensitivity and 65% specificity. The threshold values were long-term postpubertal HbA(1c) > 8.2%, day-time systolic BP > 130 mmHg, and BMT > 490 nm/1.73 m(2). CONCLUSIONS: Normoalbuminuric and NT patients at risk of developing MA and HT could be identified and might benefit from an early start of antihypertensive therapy and improvement of metabolic control.
Assessment of urinary osteopontin in association with podocyte for early predication of nephropathy in diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVES: Microalbuminuria has been clinically used for noninvasive evaluation of renal dysfunctions. However, it is a nonspecific marker of diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: This study was conducted from March 2012 to April 2013 at Biochemistry Unit, King Fahd Medical Research Center (KFMRC). In this study, urinary osteopontin, podocytes number, and levels of immunoglobulin M (IgM) were determined in 60 patients (diabetic normoalbuminuria, diabetic microalbuminuria, and nephritic syndrome) compared with healthy subjects. RESULTS: It was found that in diabetic microalbuminuria patients have a highly significant increase in urinary IgM, osteopontin, and podocyte levels as compared to other groups. Nephrotic syndrome patients showed a moderate significant elevation of these parameters compared to control subjects. At a given specificity of 97%, podocytes yielded the highest sensitivity of all markers, 95.5%. The sensitivity was considerably higher compared to IgM and osteopontin. Podocyte number was positively correlated with serum IgM and osteopontin (r = 0.63 and 0.56), respectively. Its cutoff corresponding to the 10% coefficient of variation was most appropriate for early diagnosis of DN. CONCLUSION: Monitoring urinary podocyte may provide a noninvasive tool that is a sensitive, accurate, and specific biomarker of glomerular injury and can be used in combination with osteopontin and IgM to more reliably detect and monitor prognosis.
The changing patterns of chronic kidney disease: the need to develop strategies for prevention relevant to different regions and countries.; Chronic diseases are now in pandemic proportions and are the major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Long-term predictions show that the burden will fall increasingly on developing countries. Type II diabetes is now the major global cause of chronic kidney disease. However, chronic kidney disease should not be viewed in isolation, because it is also a major risk factor for cardiovascular deaths. It is both a medical and economic imperative to introduce screening and management programs for chronic kidney disease, diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease worldwide but particularly in the emerging world. Such programs should be tailored to the needs of the individual country, involve local health providers, be assessable as to their efficacy, and become self-sufficient within 5 years.
Heart rate-corrected QT interval is a novel risk marker for the progression of albuminuria in people with Type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: A close association between heart rate-corrected QT interval (QTc) and albuminuria in people with Type 2 diabetes has been reported in cross sectional studies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between QTc and change in urine albumin excretion (UAE) or progression of albuminuria in people with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We measured QTc in 251 consecutive people at baseline. We performed a 5-year follow-up cohort study to assess the relationship between QTc and change in UAE, defined as an increase of UAE/follow-up duration (year), or progression of albuminuria, defined as an increase in the category of diabetic nephropathy. RESULTS: During follow-up, 23 of 151 people with normoalbuminuria and 13 of 73 people with microalbuminuria at baseline had progression of albuminuria. Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that QTc was independently associated with change in UAE (β = 0.176, P = 0.0104). Logistic regression analyses showed that QTc was a risk marker for progression of albuminuria [odds ratio per 0.01-s increase in QTc 1.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.66, P = 0.0024] after adjusting for confounders. According to the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) analysis, the optimal cut-off point of QTc for progression of albuminuria was 0.418 s [area under the ROC curve 0.75 (95% CI 0.66-0.82), sensitivity = 0.86, specificity = 0.56, P < 0.0001]. CONCLUSIONS: Heart rate-corrected QT interval could be a novel risk marker for progression of albuminuria in people with Type 2 diabetes.
A population-based screening for microalbuminuria among relatives of CKD patients: the Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield (KEAPS).; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria has been used to detect subjects at risk of cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes, those with hypertension, and the general population. However, relatives of patients with CKD have not been investigated for microalbuminuria in the United Kingdom. STUDY DESIGN: A cross-sectional study evaluating the prevalence of microalbuminuria in relatives of patients with CKD compared with the general population of Sheffield, England. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Participants in the Kidney Evaluation and Awareness Program in Sheffield, a population-based screening program for microalbuminuria. 274 relatives of patients with CKD were studied and compared with an age- and sex-matched control group from the general population. PREDICTOR: Family history of CKD. MEASUREMENT & OUTCOMES: Screening tools included a questionnaire collating information for demographics, lifestyle, and medical and family history of diabetes, hypertension, and CKD. Urine samples were collected for microalbuminuria estimation. Microalbuminuria measurements were obtained by using immunonephelometry. Microalbuminuria thresholds were defined using albumin-creatinine ratio. RESULTS: The prevalence of microalbuminuria was 9.5% in those with a family history of CKD. This was significantly greater than the prevalence of 1.4% in the age- and sex-matched control group with no family history of CKD (P = 0.001). Independent determinants of microalbuminuria in the study population in an adjusted logistic regression model were family history of diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 2.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.17 to 7.04), obesity (OR, 3.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.61 to 6.69), and family history of CKD (OR, 6.96; 95% confidence interval, 3.48 to 13.92). LIMITATIONS: Cross-sectional snapshot analysis, microalbuminuria measured once. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of microalbuminuria in relatives of patients with CKD is greater than in an age- and sex-matched control group from the general population. The prognostic value of microalbuminuria in this category of at-risk population remains to be determined in longitudinal studies.
The use of semi-quantitative urine test-strip (Micral Test) for microalbuminuria screening in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is an early marker of prognostic significance in diabetic renal disease. However, testing for microalbuminuria in a timed sample of urine using the double antibody radioimmunoassay (RIA) method is cumbersome and requires special laboratory facilities. Recently, a test strip for microalbuminuria, the Micral Test was available and we evaluated the performance of this test strip as a screening method for detection of microalbuminuria. METHODS: One hundred consecutive diabetic patients who were tested to be dipstick-negative (Albustix) for proteinuria were enrolled for the study. Micral Tests were performed on a paired first morning and random urine specimen from the same patient and the results compared with a timed 24-hour urine measurement of urine albumin excretion using the RIA method. RESULTS: Eighteen specimens were tested positive by the RIA method with a urinary albumin range of 32-177 mg/24 hours. With the Micral Test, the following sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values were obtained: 66.7%. 97.6%, 85.7% and 93.0% for the first morning urine specimens, and 77.8%, 91.5%, 66.7% and 94.9% for the random urine specimens. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that Micral Test with either the first morning or random urine specimen offers a simple, reliable, rapid and convenient method for screening of microalbuminuria in the diabetic patient.
High levels of AGE-LDL, and of IgG antibodies reacting with MDA-lysine epitopes expressed by oxLDL and MDA-LDL in circulating immune complexes predict macroalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Circulating immune complexes (IC) containing modified forms of LDL (mLDL) are strongly pro-inflammatory and when present in high levels are associated with the development of diabetic complications. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether levels of oxidized LDL (oxLDL), malondialdehyde-LDL (MDA-LDL) and advanced glycation end products-LDL (AGE-LDL) as well as IgG and IgM antibodies reacting with MDA-lysine epitopes expressed by oxLDL and MDA-LDL isolated from circulating IC were associated with progression to macroalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes (VADT cohort). METHODS: Levels of mLDL in IC were measured in 905 patients, a median of two years after entry into the study. Participants were followed for an average of 3.7years for renal outcomes. Generalized logistic regression models were used to quantify the association of increased levels of biomarkers and development of abnormal albuminuria. Normal, persistent micro- (ACR ≥30), incident micro- (ACR ≥30) and incident macroalbuminuria (ACR ≥300) were the outcomes of interest. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Patients with macro (n=78) or non-persistent microalbuminuria (n=81) at baseline were excluded. Odds ratios for endpoints in relation to high versus low (defined using a median split) biomarker levels are found in Fig. 1. Our study demonstrates that high levels of AGE-LDL as well as of IgG antibodies (but not IgM antibodies) reacting with MDA-LDL lysine epitopes in circulating IC predict the development of macroalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes. These data support the pathogenic role of modified LDL IgG antibodies but not the protective role of modified LDL IgM antibodies.
Nephropathy in patients with recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus in black Africans.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is long recognised as a sign of renal disease in diabetes. In type 1 diabetes, renal disease occurs after a longer duration of diabetic state. In type 2 diabetes, it is more variable. OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence and any risk factors of albuminuria in short-term (< or = 2 yrs) type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: Cross sectional, descriptive study. Microalbuminuria was assessed using micro II strips. SETTING: Outpatient diabetic clinic at Kenyatta National Hospital, Nairobi. SUBJECTS: Patients who were newly diagnosed or had had type 2 diabetes for two years or less. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Microalbuminuria, lipids, glycated haemoglobin, fasting blood glucose and blood pressure. RESULTS: One hundred and thirty nine patients who had type 2 diabetes mellitus for < or = 2 yrs were seen, but only 100 patients were included in the study over a six month period. Their mean (SD) age was 53.7 (9.3) years. Mean (SD) duration of diabetes was 10.3 (7.5) months. Fifty per cent of the study patients were hypertensive. Only 48% had HbA1c < 8% while 36% had HbA1c > 9%. The lipid profile of total, LDL-HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were predominantly within normal limits. Twenty six per cent were established to have albuminuria of which one patient had macroalbuminuria. Blood pressure, glycated haemoglobin and lipid parameters were not significantly different from patients without albuminuria CONCLUSION: Albuminuria occurred in a significant proportion of patients with short term type 2 diabetes. Comparable to studies done elsewhere on short-term type 2 diabetes, albuminuria is both a sign of nephropathy and a cardiovascular risk factor. It should be looked for in all patients with type 2 diabetes attending this clinic, even at diagnosis.
Dynamic Changes in Renal Function Are Associated With Major Cardiovascular Events in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The pattern of renal function decline prior to cardiovascular (CV) events in type 2 diabetes is not well known. Our aim was to describe the association between renal function trajectories and the occurrence of a CV event. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We considered patients with type 2 diabetes from the SURDIAGENE (Survie, Diabete de type 2 et Genetique) study (discovery cohort) and the DIABHYCAR (Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes, Hypertension, Microalbuminuria or Proteinuria, Cardiovascular Events, and Ramipril) study (replication cohort). Global patterns of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration [CKD-EPI]) and serum creatinine (SCr) prior to a major CV event (MACE) or last update were determined using a linear mixed-effects model and annual individual slopes computed by simple linear regression. RESULTS: In the 1,040 participants of the discovery cohort, establishment of global patterns including 22,227 SCr over 6.3 years of follow-up showed an annual eGFR decline and an annual SCr increase that were significantly greater in patients with MACE compared with patients without (-3.0 and -1.7 mL/min/1.73 m(2)/year and +10.7 and +4.0 μmol/L/year, respectively; P < 0.0001 for both). Median annual individual slopes were also significantly steeper in patients with MACE, and adjusted risk of MACE was 4.11 times higher (3.09-5.45) in patients with rapid decline in eGFR (change less than -5 mL/min/1.73 m(2)/year). Consideration of renal function trajectories provided significant additive information helping to explain the occurrence of MACE for both SCr and eGFR (PIDI < 0.0001 and P = 0.0005, respectively). These results were confirmed in the replication cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Renal function decline was associated with a higher risk of MACE. The pattern of renal function decline, beyond baseline kidney function, is an independent factor of CV risk.
Acute-phase markers of inflammation and glomerular structure in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes is frequently associated with an inflammatory status; the relationships between low-grade inflammation and diabetic nephropathy are still unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationships between acute-phase markers of inflammation, glomerular structure, and albumin excretion rate (AER) in type 2 diabetes. In 74 patients with type 2 diabetes (23 normoalbuminuric, 30 microalbuminuric, and 21 proteinuric) fibrinogen, serum amyloid A protein (SAA), C-reactive protein (CRP), and IL-6 were determined. AER was measured on three 24-h urine collections; GFR was measured by 51Cr EDTA plasma clearance. A kidney biopsy was performed, and mesangial fractional volume [Vv(mes/glom)] and glomerular basement membrane (GBM) width were estimated by electron microscopic morphometric analysis. CRP, fibrinogen, SAA, and IL-6 differed among groups, with proteinuric patients having the highest levels. SAA and fibrinogen correlated with AER (P < 0.03 and P < 0.001, respectively). GBM width and Vv(mes/glom) increased from normoalbuminuric to proteinuric patients [P < 0.005 normoalbuminuric and microalbuminuric versus proteinuric for GBM, P < 0.01 normoalbuminuric versus proteinuric for Vv(mes/glom)]. In patients with increased GBM width (> 396 nm), CRP, SAA, and IL-6 were higher than in patients with normal GBM width (P < 0.003, P < 0.004, and P < 0.0004, respectively). GBM width was directly correlated with fibrinogen (r = 0.33, P < 0.002) and IL-6 (r = 0.25 P < 0.05). In conclusion, this study demonstrates that acute-phase markers of inflammation are associated with nephropathy status and GBM thickening, suggesting a role for inflammation in the pathogenesis of diabetic glomerulopathy.
Identification of urinary soluble E-cadherin as a novel biomarker for diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Currently, early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) remains a major challenge. Thus, more investigations into new DN-related biomarkers are needed. METHODS: We employed urinary proteomic approach of fluorescence-based difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE) and mass spectrometry to identify novel biomarkers in urine samples, which were from type 2 diabetes patients with normoalbuminuria (DM group), microalbuminuria (DN1 group), macroalbuminuria (DN2 group) and control group (n=8 in each group). The identified biomarker was further studied by western blot in urine samples (n=6 in each group) and immunohistochemistry in renal biopsies. Besides, the urinary level of biomarker was detected and analyzed using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay(ELISA) method (n=40 in each group). RESULTS: A novel DN-related biomarker, urinary E-cadherin, was identified by proteomic methods, which up-regulated 1.3-fold, 5.2-fold and 8.5-fold in DM, DN1 and DN2 groups compared with control group. Meanwhile, high expression of urinary soluble 80 kDa fragment of E-cadherin (sE-cadherin) was verified in DN groups by western blot. The ELISA data also demonstrated that urinary sE-cadherin-to-creatinine ratio was significantly increased in DN1 and DN2 groups versus DM group or control group (2751.5+/-164 and 5839.6+/-428 vs 721.9+/-93 or 652.7+/-87 microg/g; p<0.001). The sensitivity and specificity of urinary sE-cadherin for diagnosis of DN were calculated as 78.8% (95% CI, 74-83%) and 80% (95% CI, 65-91%). Besides, immunohistochemical stain showed that E-cadherin expression was markedly decreased in renal tubular epithelial cells of patients with DN versus healthy controls. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary sE-cadherin has a potential clinical diagnostic value for DN and E-cadherin may participate in the pathogenesis of DN.
[Value of the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio in the detection of microalbuminuria].; Microalbuminuria is currently defined as a urinary albumin excretion rate of 20 to 200 micrograms per minute, measured in the urine of 24 hours. We present an indirect approach to the urinary albumin daily excretion rate which minimizes the errors due to chronometric measurement and to the difficulty of collecting 24-hour urine. The albumin (mg/l)/creatinine (mmol/l) ratio calculated in urine collected daily indicates microalbuminuria when it is higher than 2.97 in women and 2.48 in men. The interpretation of this ratio is discussed in terms of sensitivity, specificity and predictive value.
Plasma serotonin is a predictor for deterioration of urinary albumin excretion in men with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; We performed an observational study to investigate if plasma 5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (5-HIAA), a derivative end product of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine), concentration could be a predictor for deterioration of urinary albumin excretion. The relationship between baseline plasma 5-HIAA concentration and changes in urinary albumin excretion for 24 months was investigated in 162 male patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Patients were divided into tertiles according to plasma 5-HIAA concentration. Greater changes in urinary albumin excretion were seen in patients with high plasma 5-HIAA concentration (112.8 +/- 36.2 mg/g creatinine) than in patients with low plasma 5-HIAA concentration (7.6 +/- 8.0 mg/g creatinine, P = .0011) or in patients with intermediate plasma 5-HIAA concentration (25.6 +/- 15.0 mg/g creatinine, P = .0070) after adjustment for baseline values of urinary albumin excretion. A positive correlation was observed between log (plasma 5-HIAA concentration) and changes in urinary albumin excretion (r = 0.314, P < .0001). Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that log (plasma 5-HIAA concentration) (beta = .284, P = .0013) was an independent determinant of changes in urinary albumin excretion. In conclusion, plasma 5-HIAA concentration was positively correlated with changes in urinary albumin excretion, which may indicate causality in diabetic nephropathy in male patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and high plasma 5-HIAA concentration.
The predictive value of microalbuminuria.; An elevated urinary albumin excretion (termed microalbuminuria) has been proposed as a predictor for later development of clinical diabetic nephropathy (hypertension, falling glomerular filtration rate [GFR], and urinary albumin excretion greater than 300 mg/24 h). However, review of the original reports on the predictability of microalbuminuria revealed a concomitant presence of elevated BP and a propensity to falling GFR. Thus, the predictability of microalbuminuria rests on the added evaluation of BP and GFR. Additional investigation is needed to address the possibility that microalbuminuria and either a rising BP or a falling GFR or both indicates established diabetic nephropathy rather than predicting its development.
Spot urinary sodium in CKD patients: correlation with 24h-excretion and evaluation of commonly used prediction equations.; BACKGROUND: Salt intake in CKD patients can affect cardiovascular risk and kidney disease progression. Twenty-four hour (24h) urine collections are often used to investigate salt metabolism but are cumbersome to perform. We assessed urinary sodium (U-Na) concentration in spot urine samples and investigated the correlation with 24h U-Na excretion and concentration in CKD patients under nephrological care. Further, we studied the role of CKD stage and diuretics and evaluated the performance of commonly used formulas for the prediction of 24h U-Na excretion from spot urine samples. METHODS: One hundred eight patients of the German Chronic Kidney Disease (GCKD) study were included. Each participant collected a 24h urine and two spot urine samples within the same period. The first spot urine sample (AM) was part of the second morning urine. The second urine sample was collected before dinner (PM). Patients were advised to take their medication as usual without changing dietary habits. U-Na concentrations in the two spot urine samples and their average ((AM + PM)/2) were correlated with U-Na concentration and total Na excretion in the 24h urine collections. Correlations were subsequently studied after stratification by CKD stage and diuretic intake. The usefulness of three commonly applied equations to estimate 24h U-Na excretion from spot urine samples (Kawasaki, Tanaka and Intersalt) was determined using Bland-Altman plots, analyses of sensitivity, specificity, as well as positive (PPV) and negative predictive values (NPV). RESULTS: Participants (42 women, 66 men) were on average (± SD) 62.2 (± 11.9) years old, with a mean serum creatinine of 1.6 (± 0.5) mg/dl. 95% had arterial hypertension, 37% diabetes mellitus and 55% were on diuretics. The best correlation with 24h U-Na total excretion was found for the PM spot U-Na sample. We also found strong correlations when comparing spot and 24h urine U-Na concentration. Correction of spot U-Na for U-creatinine did not improve strength of correlations. Neither CKD stage, nor intake of diuretics had significant impact on these correlations. All examined formulas revealed a significant mean bias. The lowest mean bias and the strongest correlation between estimated and measured U-Na excretion in 24h were obtained using the Tanaka-formula. Also, application of the Tanaka-formula with PM U-Na provided best sensitivity, specificity, PPV and NPV to estimate U-Na excretion > 4g/d corresponding to a salt consumption > 10g/d. CONCLUSION: U-Na concentration of spot urine samples correlated with 24h U-Na excretion especially when PM spot U-Na was used. However, correlation coefficients were relatively low. Neither CKD stage nor intake of diuretics appeared to have an influence on these correlations. There was a significant bias for all tested formulas with the Tanaka-formula providing the strongest correlation with measured 24h U-Na excretion. In summary, using spot urine samples together with the Tanaka-formula in epidemiological studies appears feasible to determine associations between approximate salt intake and outcomes in CKD patients. However, the usefulness of spot-urine samples to guide and monitor salt consumption in individual patients remains limited.
Relationship between glycated haemoglobin and microvascular complications: is there a natural cut-off point for the diagnosis of diabetes?; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study was designed to determine whether the relationship of glycated haemoglobin to diabetic microvascular complications shows any natural thresholds that could be useful in diagnosing diabetes. METHODS: We examined a population-based sample of 3,190 Malay adults aged 40-80 years in Singapore. The microvascular outcomes of interest were: (1) any retinopathy, defined from fundus photographs; (2) mild retinopathy, defined as in (1); (3) moderate retinopathy, defined as in (1); (4) chronic kidney disease, defined from estimated glomerular filtration rate; (5) micro- or macroalbuminuria, defined from urinary albumin to creatinine ratio; and (6) peripheral neuropathy, defined from neurothesiometer or monofilament sensory testing. RESULTS: Increasing HbA(1c) was associated with all microvascular complications. The optimal cut-off points for detecting mild and moderate retinopathy were 6.6% (87.0% sensitivity, 77.1% specificity and area under the receiver operating characteristics [ROC] curve 0.899) and 7.0% (82.9% sensitivity, 82.3% specificity and area under ROC curve 0.904). The prevalences of mild and moderate retinopathy were <1% below the optimal cut-off points. For other complications, the association with HbA(1c) was linear without evidence of a distinct threshold. Although ROC analysis for these other complications also suggested optimal cut-off points between 6.6% and 7.0%, the sensitivity at these cut-off points was considerably lower than for mild and moderate retinopathy, ranging from 31.8% to 66.5%. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Higher levels of HbA(1c) were associated with microvascular complications. Our data support use of an HbA(1c) cut-off point of between 6.6 and 7.0% in diagnosing diabetes. Cut-off points in this range were best for the identification of individuals with mild and moderate retinopathy. Any retinopathy, chronic kidney disease, albuminuria and peripheral neuropathy are less well detected at these cut-off points.
A sensitized screen of N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea-mutagenized mice identifies dominant mutants predisposed to diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a late diabetic complication that comprises progressively increasing albuminuria, declining GFR, and increased cardiovascular risk. Only a minority of patients with diabetes (25 to 40%) develop nephropathy, and there is evidence that heritable genetic factors predispose these "at-risk" individuals to DN. Comparing variability among inbred mouse strains with respect to a specific phenotype can model interhuman variability, and each strain represents a genetically homogeneous system with a defined risk for nephropathy. C57BL/6 mice, which are relatively resistant to DN, were mutagenized using N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea and screened for mutants that developed excess albuminuria on a sensitizing type 1 diabetic background contributed by the dominant Akita mutation in insulin-2 gene (Ins2(Akita)). Two of 375 diabetic G1 founders were found to exhibit albumin excretion rates persistently 10-fold greater than albumin excretion rates in nonmutagenized Ins2(Akita) controls. This albuminuria trait was heritable and transmitted to approximately 50% of Ins2(Akita) G2 and G3 progeny, consistent with a simple, dominantly inherited trait, but was never observed in nondiabetic offspring. During the course of 1 yr, albuminuric Ins2(Akita) G2 and G3 progeny developed reduced inulin clearance with elevated blood urea nitrogen and plasma creatinine. Glomerular histology revealed mesangial expansion, and glomerular basement membrane thickening as determined by electron microscopy was enhanced in diabetic mutant kidneys. Hereditary albuminuric N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea-induced mutants were redesignated as Nphrp1 (nephropathy1) and Nphrp2 (nephropathy2) mice for two generated lines. These novel mutants provide new, robust mouse models of DN and should help to elucidate the underlying genetic basis of predisposition to DN.
Microalbuminuria is positively associated with usual dietary saturated fat intake and negatively associated with usual dietary protein intake in people with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Microalbuminuria has a cumulative incidence of > 30% in persons by 25 y duration of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and is a strong predictor of renal disease and mortality. Although improved glycemic control, maintenance of normal blood pressure, and use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors are important strategies to avoid developing microalbuminuria, dietary macronutrient intake may also play a role. A cross-sectional population-based study of Tasmanian adults with IDDM and no previous diagnosis of microalbuminuria was conducted by measuring usual dietary macronutrient intake with a food-frequency questionnaire and defining microalbuminuria as an average urinary albumin excretion rate between 20 and 200 micrograms albumin/min in at least two of three timed overnight urine collections. After sex, age, duration of diabetes, daily number of insulin injections, body mass index, glycated hemoglobin, serum high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, frequency of exercise, and smoking status were adjusted for, the adjusted odds ratio for microalbuminuria for the highest quintile of energy-adjusted usual saturated fat intake compared with the lowest quintile was 4.9 (95% CI: 1.2, 20.0; P = 0.03). The adjusted odds ratio for microalbuminuria for the highest quintile of energy-adjusted usual protein intake compared with the lowest quintile was 0.10 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.56; P = 0.01). There was no significant association between microalbuminuria and energy-adjusted carbohydrate intake, energy-adjusted monounsaturated fat intake, or energy-adjusted polyunsaturated fat intake.
The Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) of Japan: results from the initial screening period.; The International Kidney Evaluation Association Japan evaluated chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Japan, using a Japanese version of the US National Kidney Foundation's Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP). The screening criteria for the first 1065 participants were presence of diabetes or hypertension, or family history of diabetes, hypertension, or kidney disease. Mean age was 59.7+/-16.1 years; 501 participants were men, 564 women. Of participants, 26.9% had diabetes, 59.2% had hypertension (with an additional 21.5% diagnosed after the program), 16.9% had history of diabetes and hypertension together, and 30.6% had neither, but had family history of diabetes, hypertension, or kidney disease. CKD (stages 1-4) prevalence was 26.7%, defined by albumin-creatinine ratio and estimated glomerular filtration rate. CKD prevalence was 35.0% among diabetic participants, 34.8% among hypertensive participants, and 37.1% among participants with cardiovascular disease (CVD). The following baseline conditions were significantly associated with discovered CKD: diabetes, odds ratio 1.71 (95% confidence interval 1.28-2.30); hypertension, 3.42 (2.15-5.44); CVD, 1.88 (1.37-2.57). CKD prevalence was high compared with the general Japanese population. KEEP Japan seems to define a high-risk population with evidence of CKD based on the targeted nature of the program.
High-normal levels of albuminuria predict the development of micro- and macroalbuminuria and increased mortality in Brazilian Type 2 diabetic patients: an 8-year follow-up study.; AIM: To analyse the risk factors for the development of micro- and macroalbuminuria and mortality rates in a cohort of normoalbuminuric Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients. METHODS: In this prospective study, 193 Type 2 DM patients with urinary albumin excretion (UAE) < 20 microg/min, 96 men (50%), aged 56.5 +/- 9 years, were followed for a mean period of 8 +/- 3 years. UAE and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR; Modification of Diet in Renal Disease) were measured. The outcomes were development of persistent micro- and macroalbuminuria and mortality. RESULTS: Twenty patients were lost to follow-up. Of the 173 remaining patients, 33 (19%) died. The Cox analysis [hazard ratio (HR), 95% confidence interval] revealed that the baseline significant predictors of mortality were higher UAE [above median (5 microg/min); HR 2.7, 1.2-6.1; P = 0.02], male sex (HR 3.9, 1.7-9.2; P = 0.002), age (HR 1.6, 1.3-1.9; P = 0.0001), and fasting plasma glucose (HR 1.2, 1.1-1.3; P = 0.004). Smoking and eGFR were not significant in this model. Follow-up renal data were available for 158 patients: 34 (22%) progressed to microalbuminuria and seven (4%) to macroalbuminuria, and the baseline predictors were a higher UAE (> 5 microg/min, HR 2.5, 1.2-5.1; P = 0.02), presence of diabetic retinopathy (HR 2.5, 1.3-5.0; P = 0.009), fasting glucose (HR 1.1, 1.0-1.2; P = 0.015), and male sex (HR 2.2, 1.1-4.7; P = 0.04), independently of smoking and hypertension. Lower GFR (HR 0.98, 0.97-1.00; P = 0.07) was of borderline significance. CONCLUSIONS: In normoalbuminuric Type 2 DM patients, the development of micro- or macroalbuminuria and mortality rates was independently and positively associated with higher levels of albuminuria, although still in the traditionally established normal range.
The predictive value of albuminuria for cardiovascular and renal disease. A 5-year follow-up study of 476 patients with type I diabetes mellitus.; A 5-year follow-up study of 476 type I adult diabetic patients previously studied cross sectionally revealed that, during the observation period, 19 patients died and 30 developed cardiovascular or renal disease, such as myocardial infarction (n = 8), cerebrovascular disease (n = 3), amputation (n = 6), and renal insufficiency (n = 13). The patients were registered by one and the most-severe event only. The yearly death rate was 8.0 per 1000, compared with the expected death rate of 2.0 for people with corresponding age and sex in the general population. In patients with renal insufficiency, one also had myocardial infarction, and one had had an amputation. The ages of patients who died, with myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular disease, amputation, or renal insufficiency, were 44.2 +/- 12.7, 41.3 +/- 6.6, 43.7 +/- 13.2, 45.3 +/- 15.7, and 40.8 +/- 9.8 years, respectively. Urinary albumin concentration in a single early morning urine sample was found to be a strong prognostic marker for the development of cardiovascular disease or death. In contrast, age, gender, age at onset and duration of diabetes, levels of blood pressure, serum creatinine, and HbA1c, or presence of hypertension, as well as changes in blood pressure and hBa1c, during the observation period did not influence the survival or incidence of cardiovascular disease. However, blood pressure and HbA1c were associated with increased urinary albumin concentrations during the follow-up period.
The value of screening for retinopathy and microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes in primary health care.; Patients with type 2 diabetes (NIDDM) attending the Primary Care Centre in Mölnlycke, Sweden, were evaluated regarding their metabolic status, microalbuminuria (UAER), and hypertension. An ophthalmological examination was performed, and two diagnostic methods, slit-lamp biomicroscopy and fundus photography, were compared. Nearly half the patients (42%) had diabetic retinopathy, mainly of the background type. Retinopathy was associated only with the duration of the disease, but the prevalence was as high as 20% within 0-4 years of the diagnosis. Fundus photography was easy to apply, except in the age groups above 80 years, in otherwise healthy and mentally cooperative patients. Fundus photography could not be applied in only 7% of the patients for ophthalmological reasons. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (20-200 micrograms/min) was high--34%--with another 8% above that range. Male sex, mode of antidiabetic treatment, and hypertension were associated with an increased UAER. Screening for retinopathy and microalbuminuria is valuable in primary health care in order to detect treatable diabetic retinopathy and to trace patients with microalbuminuria, a risk factor for clinically overt nephropathy as well as for cardiovascular diseases.
The reliability of urinary albumin assay by immunonephelometry in the clinical practice. The critical role of medical surveillance on laboratory routine.; Measurement of the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) is essential for the early diagnosis and monitoring of diabetic nephropathy; immunonephelometry is a procedure used worldwide for routine screening of diabetic patients. Since we have met with occasional inconsistent values of UAER in serial urine collections, we searched for possible sources of analytic error. To assess the best working conditions of the instrument in use, the stability of urine samples during storage and the need for previous urine centrifugation, we assayed repeatedly the six automatically diluted points of the standard curve (55.6 to 1.7 mg/l), four control samples of human albumin in saline (100 to 1 mg/l) and 24-h urine collections from outpatient diabetic subjects. The last were also assayed with and without previous centrifugation, and both immediately after collection as well as after storage at -20 degrees C for 7, 42, 79, 97, 128 and 161 days. We concluded that: (1) pre-analytic centrifugation of urine samples in unnecessary; (2) the intra-assay coefficient of variation (CV) of the standard curve changed from 2.4% to 9.3% when moving from the highest to the lowest concentration; the inter-assay CV changed from 4.1% to 14.4%, respectively; (3) the intra-assay CV of the control samples (manually prepared) changed from 5.7% to 10.2% and the inter-assay CV from 7.7% to 22.9%; there was a constant and significant (P < 0.01) underestimation (from -9% to -30%) of the obtained values compared with the expected concentrations; (4) a progressive decrease in recovered albumin by multiple freezing and thawing of urine samples did occur, which became significant after 161 days of storage. In the BNA workbook (menu 7.1, assay protocols), a 7-day validity of the reference curve is reported. Moreover, to economize, pre-dilution cuvettes were often recycled in our hospital central laboratory. We observed that: the intra-assay CV for urine samples was 79.4% with recycled cuvettes and stored standard curve, 11.3% with new cuvettes and stored standard curve, 4.9% with both new cuvettes and newly performed standard curve; the inter-assay CV was 32.6%, 10.5% and 6.4%, respectively. These data emphasize, from the laboratory viewpoint, the need for both accurate calibration of BNA and use of native urines; in addition, they stress the importance of careful supervision of laboratory routine and interpreting analytic results in the clinical setting.
[Epidemiology and risk factors of chronic renal diseases: a regional level of the problem].; AIM: Assessment of chronic renal disease (CRD) prevalence and morbidity rate and approaches to early CRD in one of the regions of the RF (Tyva Republic). MATERIAL AND METHODS: A population study in the Tyva Republic performed from 01.07.2003 to 30.06.2004 included patients with glomerular filtration rate (GFR) < 30 ml/min, nephrosclerosis signs at autopsy, terminal GFR < 30 ml/min, on replacement renal therapy (RRT). CRD prevalence and morbidity were estimated (stage IV-V). Examination of 374 Tyva citizens was made for estimation of early CRD and risk factors of developing CRD (the sectional study). The participants of the sectional study were examined clinically and biochemically with measurement of albuminuria, calculation of urine albumin/creatinine (ACR) and study of some molecular-genetic characteristics. RESULTS: Prevalence of CRD stage IV-V in Tyva population was 493 cases per million, prevalence of RRT--126 cases per million. Elevated ACR was found in 4.7% of healthy subjects and 15.9% of hypertensive subjects. Initial lowering of GFR occurred in some healthy subjects and in 1 of 12 hypertensive patients. Significant predictors of albuminuria were serum albumin concentration (p < 0.00001), GFR (p < 0.0002), a male sex (p < 0.004), diabetes mellitus (DM) (p = 0.0057) and left ventricular myocardial mass index (p = 0.0253). GFR depended significantly on age (p < 0.000001), male sex (p < 0.000001), uric acid concentration in the serum (p < 0.000001), presence of DM (p = 0.000019), ACR (p = 0.0059), diastolic pressure (p = 0.0347), triglyceridemia (p = 0.0369). Citizens of Tyva had more frequently than citizens of other regions of Russia IlI-genotype of angiotensin 1-converting enzyme (ACE) (p < 0.0001), T-allele of methylentetrahydrofolatereductase (p < 0.0001), E3-allele of gene of apoprotein E (p < 0.0001). Prevalence of aa, ab, bb genotypes of eNO-synthetase was 82.3%, 15% and 2.7% in the group of Tyva examinees vs 62, 31 and 7% in European Russians (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Prevalence of both early and advanced stages of CRD among population of Tyva Republic is rather high. CRD morbidity may depend, besides conventional risk factors, some genetic specific features. Screening studies require continuation for early detection of CRD and timely planning of therapeutic and preventive measures.
Silent cerebral infarction is associated with the development and progression of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes. The relationship between renal manifestations of CKD (albuminuria and decreased glomerular filtration rate) and silent cerebral infarction (SCI) has attracted attention; however, most studies examined the effects of components of CKD on prevalence of SCI. We sought to assess the relationship between SCI and the development and progression of nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients. We studied 366 type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio [ACR] <30 mg g(-1), N=246) or microalbuminuria (ACR=30-299 mg g(-1), N=120). SCI was defined by cranial MRI. The primary end point was progression from normo- to microalbuminuria or from micro- to macroalbuminuria. The cumulative incidence of the primary end point was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method. Risk estimates for reaching the end point were calculated using Cox proportional hazard model analyses. During a median follow-up period of 3.9 years, 23 normoalbuminuric and 24 microalbuminuric patients reached the primary end point. Patients with SCI (N=171) had a greater incidence of reaching the end point than those without SCI (N=195, P=0.020 by the log-rank test), with a hazard ratio of 2.02 (95% confidence interval=1.09-3.72, P=0.025) in the multivariate Cox regression model. Although the common pathogenesis of SCI and albuminuria in diabetic patients is still unclear, SCI may be a predictor of progression of nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients.
Increased plasma adiponectin closely associates with vascular endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy.; Several studies found that adiponectin, an adipokine withstands atherosclerosis in vivo, is significantly increased in subjects with diabetic nephropathy (DN), but its clinical meaning remains unclear. For its structural similarity to complement C1q and collagen, we performed this study to explore the relationship between adiponectin and the vascular endothelial function alterations in DN patients. 50 type 2 diabetic patients without clinical cardiovascular complications were assigned to control group, microalbuminuria group (Micro-MA), and macroalbuminuria group (Macro-MA) according to the Mogensen's criteria. Plasma adiponectin and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) were detected. Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), nitroglycerin-induced dilatation (NID) and cardiologic parameters were measured by ultrasound cardiogram. Plasma adiponectin level was significantly and gradually increased in agreement with the amount of urine albumin excretion. sVCAM-1 was higher in Micro-MA and Macro-MA patients than in the controls, but it was comparable between the former 2 groups. FMD and NID were both remarkably decreased in Macro-MA group compared with Micro-MA and control group. For the whole subjects, plasma adiponectin was negatively related to FMD (r=-0.397, P<0.01) and NID (r=-0.413, P<0.01). These results suggest that increased plasma adiponectin may predict co-existing vascular endothelial dysfunction in DN patients.
Low-grade albuminuria is associated with early but not late carotid atherosclerotic lesions in community-based patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Low-grade albuminuria is associated with cardiovascular risk factors and mortality. Our aim was to investigate the association between low-grade albuminuria and carotid atherosclerotic lesions in community-based patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed in 475 community-based patients with type 2 diabetes (190 males and 285 females) with normal urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratios (UACR) (< 3.5 mg/mmol) from Shanghai, China. The subjects were stratified into tertiles based on UACR levels (the lowest tertile was UACR ≤ 1.19 mg/mmol, and the highest tertile was UACR ≥ 2 mg/mmol). Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), carotid atherosclerotic plaque formation and stenosis were assessed and compared among the three groups based on ultrasonography. The urinary albumin excretion rate was determined as the mean of the values obtained from three separate early morning urine samples. RESULTS: Compared with the subjects with UACR in the lowest tertile, the subjects with UACR in the middle and highest tertiles had greater CIMT values (0.88 ± 0.35 mm, 0.99 ± 0.43 mm and 1.04 ± 0.35 mm, respectively; all p < 0.05) and a higher prevalence of carotid atherosclerotic plaques (25.3%, 39.0% and 46.2%, respectively; all p < 0.05) after adjusting for sex and age. Fully adjusted multiple linear regression and logistic regression analyses revealed that UACR tertiles were significantly associated with elevated CIMT (p = 0.007) and that, compared with the subjects in the first tertile of UACR, those in the second and third tertiles had 1.878- and 2.028-fold risk of carotid plaques, respectively. However, there was no statistical association between UACR tertile and the prevalence of carotid stenosis. CONCLUSIONS: Higher UACR within the normal range was independently associated with early but not late carotid atherosclerotic lesions in community-based patients with type 2 diabetes. Low-grade albuminuria contributes to the risk of carotid atherosclerosis and may be used as an early marker for the detection of atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Development of renal disease in people at high cardiovascular risk: results of the HOPE randomized study.; In people with diabetes, renal disease tends to progress from microalbuminuria to clinical proteinuria to renal insufficiency. Little evidence has been published for the nondiabetic population. This study retrospectively analyzed changes of proteinuria over 4.5 yr in the HOPE (Heart Outcomes and Prevention Evaluation) study, which compared ramipril's effects to placebo in 9297 participants, including 3577 with diabetes and 1956 with microalbuminuria. This report is restricted to 7674 participants with albuminuria data at baseline and at follow-up. Inclusion criteria were known vascular disease or diabetes plus one other cardiovascular risk factor, exclusion criteria included heart failure or known impaired left ventricular function, dipstick-positive proteinuria (>1+), and serum creatinine >2.3 mg/dl (200 microM). Baseline microalbuminuria predicted subsequent clinical proteinuria for the study participants overall (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 17.5; 95% confidence interval [CI], 12.6 to 24.4), in participants without diabetes (OR, 16.7; 95% CI, 8.6 to 32.4), and in participants with diabetes (OR, 18.2; 95% CI, 12.4 to 26.7). Any progression of albuminuria (defined as new microalbuminuria or new clinical proteinuria) occurred in 1859 participants; 1542 developed new microalbuminuria, and 317 participants developed clinical proteinuria. Ramipril reduced the risk for any progression (OR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.78 to 0.97; P = 0.0146). People without and with diabetes who are at high risk for cardiovascular disease are also at risk for a progressive rise in albuminuria. Microalbuminuria itself predicts clinical proteinuria in nondiabetic and in diabetic people. Ramipril prevents or delays the progression of albuminuria.
Cystatin C, mortality risk and clinical triage in US adults: threshold values and hierarchical importance.; BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that cystatin C may be a superior measure of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) than creatinine-based methods. We aimed to assess the utility of cystatin C for clinical triage in community-based settings. METHODS: We identified cystatin C thresholds that maximize sensitivity and specificity (Max(Sn + Sp)) for predicting death and subsequently applied classification tree methodology considering serum creatinine, creatinine-based eGFR, urinary albumin-creatinine ratio and conventional modifiable risk factors to define subgroups, interactions and hierarchical ranks in fasting US adults (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1988-94, followed through 2006). RESULTS: A threshold cystatin C value of 0.94 mg/L exhibited the best maximum combined value of sensitivity and specificity for predicting death (Max(Sn + Sp), Sn 0.64/Sp 0.78). When all variables were considered jointly in a classification tree, cystatin C and albumin-creatinine ratio were the primary mortality discriminators in subgroups that added up to 41 and 14% of the study population, respectively; serum creatinine and creatinine-based eGFR were non-discriminatory. CONCLUSION: Cystatin C may be useful for risk-based clinical triage in public health settings.
Circadian blood pressure variation in patients with type 2 diabetes--relationship to macro- and microvascular subclinical organ damage.; AIMS: To explore the association between nocturnal blood pressure (BP) dipper status and macro- and microvascular organ damage in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Cross-sectional data from 663 patients with type 2 diabetes, aged 55-66 years, were analysed. Nurses measured office BP and ambulatory BP during 24h. Individuals with ≥ 10% difference in nocturnal systolic blood pressure (SBP) relative to daytime values were defined as dippers. Non-dippers were defined as <10% nocturnal decrease in SBP. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was calculated and microalbuminuria was measured by albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). Aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) was measured with applanation tonometry over the carotid and femoral arteries. RESULTS: We identified 433 dippers and 230 subjects with a nocturnal non-dipping pattern. Nocturnal SBP dipping was independently of office SBP associated with decreased PWV (p = 0.008), lower ACR (p = 0.001) and NT-proBNP (p = 0.001) and increased GFR (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that diurnal BP variation provides further information about early macro- and microvascular subclinical organ damage that goes beyond standardized office BP measurements in patients with type 2 diabetes.
A nation-wide cross-sectional study of urinary albumin excretion rate, arterial blood pressure and blood glucose control in Danish children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Danish Study Group of Diabetes in Childhood.; Nation-wide screening for microalbuminuria in Denmark was performed in 22 paediatric departments treating children with Type 1 diabetes. Over a period of 6 months 1020 children (less than or equal to 12 years) and adolescents (greater than 12 to 19 years) were screened (81% of total). Of these, 957 (94%) performed at least two timed overnight urine collections. In 209 non-diabetic subjects the upper 95% limit for normal albumin excretion rate (AER) was 20 micrograms min-1. Mean overnight AER was significantly (p less than 0.001) elevated in diabetic (3.0 x/divided by 2.3 (SD tolerance factor) micrograms min-1) and in non-diabetic (2.5 x/divided by 2.2 micrograms min-1) adolescents compared with diabetic (1.7 x/divided by 2.1 micrograms min-1) and non-diabetic (1.3 x/divided by 2.2 micrograms min-1) children. In the diabetic patients AER was positively correlated with the body surface area and age. Among the patients with Type 1 diabetes, 4.3% (18 males and 23 females) had AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 (persistent microalbuminuria). A further 7 adolescents (0.7%) had overt proteinuria (greater than 150 micrograms min-1). Clinical data for the 41 diabetic patients with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 were compared with those for 569 diabetic adolescents with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 and duration of diabetes more than 2 years. The group with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 had significantly higher mean age (16.5 years) than the group with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 (15.0 years; p less than 0.001). Females with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1 had significantly higher mean HbA1c level (10.8 +/- 1.9%) than those with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 (9.8 +/- 1.9%, p less than 0.003); they also had impaired linear growth (standard deviation score -0.25 vs + 0.16; p = 0.003). These associations were not found in males. Mean body mass index (BMI) was significantly increased in both females (22.2 +/- 2.9 kg m-2) and males (20.8 +/- 2.7 kg m-2) with AER greater than 20 to 150 micrograms min-1, compared with diabetic patients with AER less than or equal to 20 micrograms min-1 (females 20.8 +/- 3.0 kg m-2, p = 0.02; males 19.7 +/- 2.4 kg m-2, p less than 0.006).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black NIDDM subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the usefulness of an untimed morning urine specimen in screening a black NIDDM population attending an urban diabetes clinic for microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Untimed morning specimens were provided by 218 black NIDDM subjects. Of the 218 subjects, 123 also provided 24-h urine specimens. The 24-h specimens were assayed for albumin excretion rate (AER) in milligrams per 24 h, and the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (A-to-C) in micrograms per milligram was determined on the untimed morning urine specimen. RESULTS: Correlation between the A-to-C ratio and the 24-h AER was 0.96 (P = 0.0001). In the range of clinical proteinuria, r was 0.92 (P = 0.003, n = 7). In the range of microalbuminuria, r was 0.55 (P = 0.005, n = 26), and in the normal range, r was 0.59 (P < or = 0.0001, n = 90). Analysis of the untimed urine specimens from 218 black NIDDM subjects showed that 171 had A-to-C < 30 micrograms/mg, 38 had A-to-C 30-300 micrograms/mg, and 9 had A-to-C > 300 micrograms/mg. Data were grouped according to duration of NIDDM and the presence or absence of hypertension. None of the newly diagnosed NIDDM patients (< 1 year) (n = 40) had microalbuminuria. The frequency of microalbuminuria and clinical proteinuria increased with 1) duration of NIDDM 5-10 years (odds ratio [OR], 3.39; 95% CI 1.17-9.82),2) duration of NIDDM > 10 years (OR, 11.03; 95% CI 4.16-29.25), and 3) presence of hypertension (OR, 2.59; 95% CI I.20-5.61). CONCLUSIONS: The A-to-C ratio obtained from an untimed morning urine specimen correlates with the AER from a 24-h collection. In black subjects with newly diagnosed NIDDM, microalbuminuria is not present to a significant degree. Duration of NIDDM > 5 years is associated with increased prevalence of microalbuminuria, and hypertension is associated with microalbuminuria and clinical proteinuria in this population.
Implementation of a clinical practice guideline for identification of microalbuminuria in the pediatric patient with type 1 diabetes.; Evidence-based practice is a shift in the health care culture from basing decisions on consensus opinion, past practice, and precedent toward the use of rigorous analysis of scientific evidence using outcomes research and clinical evidence to guide clinical decision making. The development of evidence-based clinical practice guidelines (CPG) is critical to guide the assessment and management of children with diabetes. This article provides an overview of the infrastructure and processes that are crucial to providing evidence-based care in a large urban pediatric diabetes center. Development of a CPG to identify microalbuminuria in children with type 1 diabetes is discussed.
[Increased clinical and economic advantages using PROSIT (proteinuria screening and intervention) in type 2 diabetic patients].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Even though there are simple and cost-effective means for the early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy, only a small proportion of diabetics in Germany is regularly tests for microalbuminuria. On the basis of evidence-based knowledge and of international guidelines the PROSIT project (proteinuria screening and intervention) aims to make good this deficiency in the German Federal Republic by introducing nephropathy screening and a structured intervention to improve blood sugar and blood pressure regulation, optimizing lipid metabolism and nutritional intake. It was the aim of this study to assess with a computer-aided diabetes model the clinical value and cost-effectiveness of such an intervention. PATIENTS AND METHODS: From data collected for 589 diabetics who participated in the PROSIT project, the short-time effects after one year on HbA1c, systolic blood pressure and lipid levels were obtained and cost-effectiveness compared with that of standard care. Life expectancy, life-time costs to be met by health insurance and event frequency of the diabetic nephropathy stages were calculated with a Markov model for type 2 diabetics. RESULTS: PROSIT improved individual life expectancy by 0.23 years with reduction of life-time costs by DM 9,772 (ca. $4,900). The cumulative incidence of microalbuminuria was lowered by 30.5%, that of terminal renal failure by 55.9%. Even after discounting the results (i.e. the inclusion of time preference for cost and benefit) and stepwise changes of all variables by +/- 10%, PROSIT remained the more cost-effective variant. CONCLUSION: From a health economy viewpoint PROSIT is superior to standard management. Early recognition of albuminuria and the introduction of a multifactorial treatment strategy make it possible to delay progression to terminal renal failure. In addition to its clinical benefits, prevention of dialysis and transplantation would reduce the annual savings of the health care system by several billion DM.
Risk factors for microvascular complications of diabetes among South Indian subjects with type 2 diabetes--the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES) Eye Study-5.; BACKGROUND: This study assessed the relationship between and risk factors for microvascular complications of diabetes in an urban South Indian type 2 diabetes population. METHODS: Subjects with diabetes (n = 1,736) were selected from the population-based Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiology Study (CURES) Eye Study conducted on a representative population of Chennai city in south India. Four-field stereo retinal color photography was done, and diabetic retinopathy (DR) was classified according to the Early Treatment DR Study grading system. Neuropathy was diagnosed if the vibratory perception threshold of the big toe using biothesiometry was ≥ 20V. Overt nephropathy was diagnosed if the subjects had persistent macroalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion ≥ 300 μg/mg of creatinine) and microalbuminuria if it was between 30 and 299 μg/mg of creatinine. Among the 1,715 subjects with gradable fundus photographs, 1,608 individuals who had information on all test parameters were included. RESULTS: Overall, DR was present in 282 (17.5%), neuropathy in 414 (25.7%), overt nephropathy in 82 (5.1%), and microalbuminuria in 426 (26.5%) subjects. Eighteen subjects had all three microvascular complications of diabetes. The risk of nephropathy (odds ratio [OR] = 5.3, P<0.0001) and neuropathy (OR = 2.9, P<0.0001) was significantly higher among the subjects with sight-threatening DR compared to those without DR. Common risk factors identified for all the three microvascular complications of diabetes were age, glycated hemoglobin, duration of diabetes, and serum triglycerides. DR was associated with nephropathy after adjusting for age, gender, hemoglobin A1c, systolic blood pressure, serum triglycerides, and duration of diabetes (OR = 2.140, 95% confidence interval = 1.261-3.632, P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first population-based study from India to report on all microvascular complications of diabetes and reveals that the association between DR and nephropathy is stronger than that with neuropathy.
Urinary measurement of transforming growth factor-beta and type IV collagen as new markers of renal injury: application in diabetic nephropathy.; Urinary samples were concentrated rapidly and efficiently and were used to develop several protein assays that may be of value in monitoring individuals with progressive renal disorders. Transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-11) and retinol binding protein (RBP) were measured with modification of commercially available methods used to assay serum specimens; type 3 collagen (T3C) was measured with a new immunonephelometric assay. The precision characteristics of these assays are comparable with those reported for microalbuminuria. The clinical utility of measuring a panel of these markers was demonstrated in urine samples from 16 control subjects and from 46 individuals with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) with various albumin excretion rates (AERs). TGF-beta1 and T3C were used as markers of cytokine expression and of the renal fibrogenic process, whereas RBP excretion served as a marker of tubular injury or dysfunction. Compared with controls, T3C excretion was significantly increased in 18 normoalbuminuric and further increased in 13 microalbuminuric (AER 20 < or = 200 microg/min) IDDM subjects. RBP excretion was increased in macroalbuminuric IDDM subjects (AER >200 microg/min, overt nephropathy). Significant correlations were also found between AER and RBP in all but macroalbuminuric individuals, whereas TGF-beta1 correlated with T3C excretion in controls and in normoalbuminuric diabetic subjects. Urinary RBP but not AER was an excellent predictor of diabetic nephropathy as defined by serum creatinine (P = 0.0001). This underscores the importance of an early tubulopathy in the subsequent development of glomerulopathy and overt nephropathy. The data suggest that longitudinal monitoring of a panel of urinary markers such as that used in the current study may better define their relevance in progressive glomerulosclerosis and may also provide greater insight into the mechanisms underlying such process.
Limited Accuracy of Colour Doppler Ultrasound Dynamic Tissue Perfusion Measurement in Diabetic Adults.; Dynamic tissue perfusion measurement (DTPM) is a pre-described and available method in pediatric ultrasound to quantify tissue perfusion in renal Doppler ultrasound by particular video analysis software. This study evaluates DTPM during single and between repeated visits after 6 months, calibrates repeated DTPM within different region of interest (ROI) and compares DTPM with kidney function markers in adult patients with early diabetic nephropathy (n = 17). During repeated measurements, no association of readings at the same patients in the same (n = 3 readings) as well as repeated visit (n = 2 visits) could be retrieved. No association between DTPM, MDRD-GFR, albuminuria, age and duration of diabetes was observed. These negative results are presumably related to inconsistency of DTPM due to non-fixed ROI position as could be shown in calibrating series. Further development of the method should be performed to enable reproducible DTPM readings in adults.
[Screening for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients in the primary health care system].; In order to detect the prevalence of microalbuminuria, a screening procedure was carried out in 1016 adult (age > 14 years) diabetic patients registered in primary health care system at the 17st district of the capital. The clinical characteristics of patients were investigated and microalbuminuria was measured by immunoturbidimetric method using first void morning urinary samples. In this way, the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was calculated (abnormal value in men > or = 2.5 mg/mmol, in women > or = 3.5 mg/mmol). Moreover, serum creatinine, blood glucose, serum cholesterol and triglycerides were measured in fasting blood samples. After applying exclusion criteria data of 933 diabetic patients [129 insulin-dependent (IDDM) and 804 non-insulin-dependent (NIDDM) patients; 424 men, 509 women] were analysed. Abnormal urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was found in 315 (33.8%) patients. Microalbuminuria was detected in 32 (24.8%) IDDM and in 201 (25.0%) NIDDM patients. Macroalbuminuria was found in 13 (10.1%) IDDM and in 69 (8.6%) NIDDM patients. Abnormal urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was more often found in men than in women (IDDM men 41.3%, IDDM women 28.8%; NIDDM men 38.0%, NIDDM women 30.0%). Significant difference was found between diabetic patients with (n = 315) and without (n = 618) abnormal urinary albumin/creatinine ratio regarding age (64.3 +/- 0.7 years vs. 61.4 +/- 0.5 years; p < 0.001), duration of diabetes (10.3 +/- 0.5 years vs 7.9 +/- 0.3 years; p < 0.001) systolic blood pressure (151 +/- 1 mmHg vs 146 +/- 1 mmHg; p < 0.01), serum creatinine (99 +/- 2 mumol/l vs 88 +/- 1 mumol/l; p < 0.001) and blood glucose (10.4 +/- 0.2 mmol/l vs 9.4 +/- 0.1 mmol/l; p < 0.001). One third (33.8%) of diabetic patients in primary health care setting exhibited signs or were at risk of renal involvement of diabetes. Diabetic patients with micro- or macroalbuminuria should be carefully controlled in order to prevent or to decrease deterioration of renal function due to diabetic nephropathy.
How effective are screening tests for microalbuminuria in random urine specimens?; The effectiveness of four urine screening tests-microalbumin (MAlb), total protein (TProt), total protein/creatinine ratio (TProt/Cr R), and dipstick (DPalb) test for albumin-were evaluated for the detection of MAlb in random urine specimens. The following criteria were used to assess the effectiveness of each urine screening test: 100% specificity (no false positive results); cost effectiveness; rapidity and ease of performing the screening test; and increased laboratory efficiency. A "gold standard" for presence of MAlb in random urine samples was defined as a microalbumin/creatinine ratio (MAlb/Cr R) of > or = 30 mg/g. The least costly urine screening test was the DPalb, which, if assigned a value of 1.0, allowed a cost ranking order for the screening tests-DPalb (1.0) < urine TProt (1.03) < urine TProt/Cr R (2.1) < urine MAlb (7.0). Two hundred urine samples from diabetic inpatients and outpatients were tested. Only two screening tests--MAlb and DPalb--achieved 100% specificity without increasing laboratory costs (small net savings), whereas the other two screening tests--TProt and TProt/Cr R-only achieved 100% specificity with increased laboratory costs. Theoretical prevalence rate analysis showed that urine MAlb screening would be effective at all prevalence rates for overt nephropathy. TProt and DPalb urine screening testing would be most effective in populations with prevalence rates of > or = 15% for overt nephropathy. The TProt/Cr R ratio would only be effective in populations with prevalence rates of > or = 30%. Of the four urine screening tests, only DPalb would significantly streamline the process of measuring urine MAlb. The dipstick test is inexpensive, easy and rapid to perform, does not delay measuring the ratio, since there is no wait for the screening test result, and can be used by referring laboratories to screen urine specimens before they are submitted to a central laboratory, thereby reducing laboratory workload.
Urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase in children with diabetes as an early marker of diabetic nephropathy.; We investigated urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) levels in children with type 1 diabetes as an early marker of tubular damage and studied its correlation with microalbuminuria and glycaemic control. The study group comprised 42 children with type 1 diabetes and 20 healthy children as control. Urinary NAG to urinary creatinine ratio, microalbuminuria, glycated haemoglobin (Hb A1c), blood urea and serum creatinine were estimated. Urinary NAG levels in the children with diabetes were significantly higher than those of controls. There were positive correlations between urinary NAG levels and microalbuminuria, Hb A1c and systolic and diastolic blood pressure values. We found that 59.5% of diabetic children were positive for urinary NAG, while 38.1% of them were positive for microalbuminuria.
Coefficient of variation of R-R intervals in electrocardiogram is a sensitive marker of anemia induced by autonomic neuropathy in type 1 diabetes.; The present study investigated the relationship between hemoglobin (Hb) levels and autonomic failure using a sensitive marker, coefficient of variation of R-R intervals in electrocardiogram (CVR-R) in order to clarify a cause of normocytic normochromic anemia in type 1 diabetic patients without overt nephropathy. We recruited 46 patients with type 1 diabetes and measured creatinine clearance (Ccr), HbA1c, albuminuria, Hb levels and CVR-R of all patients. In addition, the status of diabetic retinopathy and neuropathy were also evaluated. Serum erythropoietin (EPO), Fe, total iron binding capacity, lactate dehydrogenase, total bilirubin levels and number of reticulocytes and mean corpuscular volume were also measured to distinguish types of anemia. To survey the statistical correlation existing between Hb and body mass index (BMI), Ccr, HbA1c, albuminuria or retinopathy, multiple regression analysis was performed. Serum EPO, Fe, TIBC, LDH and TB levels and number of reticulocytes and MCV were within normal limits. Multiple regression analysis disclosed that HbA1c, nephropathy evaluated by albuminuria and Ccr, and retinopathy has no concern with Hb level. There is only significant relationship between Hb levels and CVR-R. Similar results were obtained even if we analyzed a group of male and female separately. We conclude that CVR-R has the strong relationship on anemia without overt nephropathy in type 1 diabetes, indicating that autonomic failure contributes on the progression of anemia via a poor response of EPO to anemia.
Exercise versus overnight albumin excretion rates in subjects with type 1 diabetes.; Diabetic nephropathy is the leading cause of new cases of renal failure in the US and Europe. An elevated albumin excretion rate (AER) on an overnight urine sample is considered an early predictor of end-stage renal failure. An elevated AER on a post-exercise urine sample has previously been considered to be an even earlier marker of renal damage. In a longitudinal prospective study, 373 subjects with insulin-dependent (type 1) diabetes mellitus had a total of 714 renal evaluations, each of which included one exercise and two overnight urine collections for AER determinations. All subjects were at least 13 years old and had diabetes for at least 4 years. There was a strong correlation between exercise and overnight AERs (r = 0.74, P < 0.001). For the 60 subjects with an initial borderline increase of either overnight or exercise AER, the overnight AER values (7.6-20 micrograms/min) progressed first for 52% of subjects whereas the exercise AERs (41-114 micrograms/min) progressed first for 43% of subjects (5% had simultaneous elevations of both). For the 22 subjects in which an abnormal overnight (> 20 micrograms/min) or exercise (> 114 micrograms/min) value was detected first, 17 (77%) had an elevated exercise AER first, whereas only 4 (18%) had an elevated overnight AER first. This study shows that an increase of either the exercise or the overnight AER can occur first, dependent upon the level of abnormality being considered. The two tests correlate closely with one another.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Pulse pressure does not predict the response of diabetic nephropathy to glucose-lowering therapy.; We aimed to study whether pulse pressure (PP) predicts the response of diabetic nephropathy to glucose-lowering treatment. Patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes were followed for decrease in albuminuria after insulin/oral-hypoglycemic treatment. A total of 143 patients were followed for a median time of 10.5 months in a cohort study. Fasting blood sugar and HbA1C significantly decreased, while systolic, diastolic and pulse pressures remained constant during intervention. Median albuminuria decreased from 18.4 mg/day [10-40] to 16.4 mg/day [9-28] at the end of study (p-value < 0.005). The number of patients with normo/micro/macro-albuminuria changed from 98/36/9 to 108/31/4 (p-value < 0.001). No significant difference in baseline PP (47.5 ± 1.61 vs. 45.9 ± 1.81 mmHg; p-value = 0.51) or final PP (47.0 ± 2.41 vs. 49.4 ± 2.38 mmHg; p-value = 0.47) existed between those with decreased and increased albuminuria. PP was not a significant predictor of albuminuria changes in receiver operating characteristic curve (p-value = 0.77) and regression (p-value = 0.98) analyses. Benefits of glycemic control in diabetic nephropathy are independent of PP.
[The significance of diagnosing microalbuminuria and microglobulinuria in diabetes mellitus and arterial hypertension].; The detection of urinary low-molecular weight proteins is significant in the management of persons with serious diseases which can lead to renal insufficiency. The measurement of urinary albumin excretion rate (microalbuminuria) is a routine diagnostic tool in screening for diabetic nephropathy. The detection of other proteins allows the monitoring of treatment efficiency among patients with arterial hypertension or diabetes mellitus.
A simple approach to screening for microalbuminuria in a type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic population.; The reproducibility of albumin concentration in first-morning samples of urine was assessed in 334 insulin-dependent diabetic patients aged 18-60 years. The albumin excretion rate was determined immunoturbidimetrically in three sterile, Albustix-negative, first-morning urine samples submitted over a week. An abnormally high mean value, greater than or equal to 2.5 mg albumin per mmol creatinine (Ua/Uc), was found in 33 patients (9.9%). These patients were older (mean 42 vs 34 years, P less than 0.01), had longer disease duration (18 vs 14 years, P less than 0.01) and higher HbA1c values (6.8 vs 6.3%, P less than 0.05) than those without microalbuminuria. Although triplicate samples were collected within 7 days, Ua/Uc showed considerable intraindividual variation, with a mean coefficient of variation of 49%. Despite this it was found that Ua/Uc values greater than 1 mg/mmol on the first specimen had a sensitivity of 97% and a specificity of 82% for detecting those with a three-sample mean value greater than 2.5 mg/mmol. Thus virtually all those with microalbuminuria (32/33) had a single first-morning result greater than 1 mg/mmol, and in those with a lower ratio microalbuminuria was excluded with more than 99% certainty.
Urinary glycosaminoglycan and proteoglycan excretion in normoalbuminuric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy may be related to an abnormal metabolism of glycosaminoglycans (GAG) in the glomerular basement membrane (GBM). The first manifestation of nephropathy is microalbuminuria, whose appearance indicates a loss of GBM selectivity. The present study evaluated whether GAG excretion becomes abnormal in parallel with microalbuminuria, and whether such abnormalities are also present in normoalbuminuric diabetic patients. METHODS: We measured urinary GAG excretion in 60 patients with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and in 22 healthy subjects. GAG were isolated from 24-h urine using ion-exchange chromatography on DEAE Sephacel. GAG composition was determined by cellulose acetate electrophoresis and expressed as percentages by densitometric scanning of Alcian Blue stained strips. RESULTS: On subgrouping for albuminuric status and glyco-metabolic control, we found high urinary GAG concentrations in all except the normoalbuminuric patients with good glyco-metabolic control. The urinary GAG electrophoretic pattern showed alterations in chondroitin sulphate (CS) and heparan sulphate (HS) relative contents. A higher frequency of low sulphated chondroitin sulphate-proteoglycan (LSC-PG) was observed in all patients, including those with normoalbuminuria and good glyco-metabolic control. CONCLUSIONS: This urinary pattern may be indicative of an abnormal GBM metabolism. Since GAG play an important role in GBM permeability, these anomalies might consequently represent a first step towards selective changes of GBM in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of methods for urinary albumin determination in patients with type 1 diabetes.; We tested the correlation of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (A/C) in an early-morning urine sample, measured with a commercial kit (DCA 2000), with the conventional immunoturbidimetric determination in the laboratory and with overnight albumin excretion rate (reference method). Fifty-five type 1 diabetic adolescents had their first-morning urine collected on the 1st and 8th day of the period. Urinary albumin and creatinine were determined immediately using the DCA 2000 kit. Samples were also stored for laboratory analysis. To evaluate the correlation between early-morning urinary A/C ratio and overnight albumin excretion rate, 16 subjects had a timed overnight urine collection. A/C ratios determined with the DCA 2000 kit and by the laboratory method were 13.1 +/- 20.5 and 20.4 +/- 46.3 mg/g, respectively. A/C results by both methods proved to be strongly correlated (r = 0.98, P<0.001). DCA 2000-determined A/C showed 50% sensitivity and 100% specificity when compared to the reference method. Spot urinary A/C of the subset of 16 subjects significantly correlated with their overnight albumin excretion rate (r = 0.98, P<0.001). Intraindividual variation ranged from 17 to 32% and from 9 to 63% for A/C and overnight albumin excretion rate, respectively. In conclusion, an early-morning specimen should be used instead of timed overnight urine and the A/C ratio is an accurate, reliable and easily determined parameter for the screening of diabetic nephropathy. Immediate measurement of the A/C ratio is feasible using the DCA 2000 kit. Intraindividual variability indicates the need for repeated determinations to confirm microalbuminuria and the diagnosis of incipient diabetic nephropathy.
The usefulness of a free self-test for screening albuminuria in the general population: a cross-sectional survey.; BACKGROUND: In this study we evaluated the usefulness of a free self-test for screening albuminuria in the general population. METHODS: Dutch adults were invited by the Dutch Kidney Foundation to order a free albuminuria self-test, consisting of three semi quantitative dipstick tests, via the Internet. Results were classified in negative, low-positive and high-positive. In case of a positive test result, the tester was recommended to visit a GP for supplementary examination and/or treatment. Participants of the programme were sent a questionnaire for evaluation by e-mail eight weeks after receiving the self-test. RESULTS: During the first 30 days of the self-test programme, 996,927 self-tests were ordered. In total, 71,714 participants completed the questionnaire: 79% had a negative test result and 21% had a positive test result (20% low-positive and 1% high-positive). Of the positive testers, 25% visited a GP after testing for albuminuria. Among the 3,983 participants who visited a GP, 193 new diseases were detected: 25 chronic renal failure, 152 hypertension and 31 diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Using a free self-test for screening albuminuria in the general population resulted in a large response and a number of newly detected diseases. However, we found a very high percentage of positive testers of which probably a large part is false positive. Furthermore, only a small part of the positive testers visited a GP for additional examination and/or treatment. The efficiency of such a campaign could be increased by embedding the testing in health care to reduce the number of false-positive results and to ensure follow-up and treatment in case of a positive test result.
Serum uric acid as a predictor for development of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetes: an inception cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Experimental and clinical studies have suggested that uric acid may contribute to the development of hypertension and kidney disease. Whether uric acid has a causal role in the development of diabetic nephropathy is not known. The objective of the present study is to evaluate uric acid as a predictor of persistent micro- and macroalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This prospective observational follow-up study consisted of an inception cohort of 277 patients followed from onset of type 1 diabetes. Of these, 270 patients had blood samples taken at baseline. In seven cases, uric acid could not be determined; therefore, 263 patients (156 men) were available for analysis. Uric acid was measured 3 years after onset of diabetes and before any patient developed microalbuminuria. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 18.1 years (range 1.0-21.8), 23 of 263 patients developed persistent macroalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate >300 mg/24 h in at least two of three consecutive samples). In patients with uric acid levels in the highest quartile (>249 micromol/l), the cumulative incidence of persistent macroalbumnuria was 22.3% (95% CI 10.3-34.3) compared with 9.5% (3.8-15.2) in patients with uric acid in the three lower quartiles (log-rank test, P = 0.006). In a Cox proportional hazards model with sex and age as fixed covariates, uric acid was associated with subsequent development of persistent macroalbuminuria (hazard ratio 2.37 [95% CI 1.04-5.37] per 100 micromol/l increase in uric acid level; P = 0.04). Adjustment for confounders did not change the estimate significantly. CONCLUSIONS: Uric acid level soon after onset of type 1 diabetes is independently associated with risk for later development of diabetic nephropathy.
Measurement of the intrarenal arterial resistance index for the identification and prediction of diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: High intrarenal resistance index (RI) predicts renal function in several conditions; its use in the prediction of diabetic nephropathy (DN) is little explored. We aimed (1) to compare RI in diabetic and non diabetic hypertensive patients, and (2) to evaluate whether high RI is associated with clinical signs of DN and its progression over time. DESIGN: observational, prospective. PARTICIPANTS: 92 type 2 diabetic patients and 37 non-diabetic controls aged 40-70, with hypertension and normal renal function. We measured ultrasound RI and, among others, creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate and urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) at baseline and after 4.5 years follow-up. Progression of albuminuric state (i.e., transition from baseline normo-microalbuminuria to follow-up micro-macroalbuminuria) was evaluated. RI was significantly higher in diabetic than non-diabetic participants (0.69+/-0.05 vs 0.59+/-0.05, p<0.001). Diabetic patients with RI>or=0.73, i.e., above the 80th percentile of the RI distribution, had significantly higher baseline AER and a more frequent progression of the albuminuric state compared to patients with RI<0.73 (27.7microg/mg [12.1-235.4] vs 15.1microg/mg [8.6-33.4]; 52.9% vs 9.5%, respectively). AER increased significantly from baseline to follow-up in patients with RI>or=0.73 (from 27.7microg/mg [12.1-235.4] to 265.0microg/mg [23.8-1018.1], p<0.01), but not in those with RI<0.73 (from 15.1microg/mg [8.6-33.4] to 16.1microg/mg [10.7-67.2], ns). OR for progression of albuminuric state, adjusted for established predictors of DN, including baseline AER, was 5.01 (1.4-17.7, 95% CI) for patients with RI>or=0.73 vs <0.73. Findings were confirmed in patients with normoalbuminuria at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic patients, high RI (>or=0.73) is associated with features of DN and its progression over time, independent of albuminuria.
The estimated glomerular filtration rate is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis, independently of albuminuria, in patients with type 2 diabetes.; AIM: The aim of this paper was to study the relationship between the intima-media thickness (IMT) of the carotid artery and the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albuminuria in the Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: As a cross-sectional study, common carotid artery (CCA) IMT as a surrogate marker of cardiovascular disease is adopted. Data were obtained from a study undertaken to evaluate the prevalence of diabetic complications. Body mass measurements, fasting blood measures, urinary albuminuria creatinine ratio and carotid atherosclerotic measurements were investigated. Association of the carotid IMT with albuminuria stage and eGFR was determined by stepwise multivariate regression analysis adjusting for the possible confounders. RESULTS: 1) The mean age of all 721 patients was 65.33±11.32 years and the duration of diabetes was 7.72±6.93 years. 2) The percentage of impaired eGFR (<60 mL/min/1.73 m2) and albuminuria was 4.9% and 41.3% respectively, 37.0% with microalbuminuria and 4.3% with macroalbuminuria. 3) Compared to subjects with normoalbuminuria (28.8%), the percentage of CCA-IMT thickening in subjects with macroalbuminuria (41.9%) and microalbuminuria (43.1%) was higher (P<0.01). Moreover, compared to patients with eGFR ≥90 mL/min/1.73 m2 (28.8%), patients with eGFR ranged from 60 to 89 mL/min/1.73 m2 (43.2%) and eGFR< 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 (51.4%) tended to have greater percentage of CCA-IMT thickening (P<0.01). 4) In a stepwise regression model, age, fasting blood glucose, total cholesterol, reduced HDL-cholesterol and eGFR were independent predictors of CCA-IMT, after adjusting for potential confounders including gender, current smoker, duration of diabetes, waist circumference, hypertension, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, triglyceride, LDL-cholesterol, postprandial glucose, HbA1c and albuminuria stage. CONCLUSION: Reduced eGFR associated with IMT thickening independently of albuminuria is found in the patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and further studies investigating the clinical outcomes are needed because this study is based on a cross-sectional design.
Serum cystatin C advantageous compared with serum creatinine in the detection of mild but not severe diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether serum cystatin C is more accurate than serum creatinine in the detection of diabetic nephropathy, also after adjustment for age. METHODS: Forty-one patients with type 1 and 82 patients with type 2 diabetes were evaluated with serum creatinine, serum cystatin C, and (51)Cr-EDTA clearance (reference method). Cystatin C was measured by a particle-enhanced turbidimetric method and creatinine by an enzymatic method. Statistical estimations were performed both without and with age adjustment created by z-scores for (51)Cr-EDTA clearance, creatinine, and cystatin C. The cut-off levels for glomerular filtration rate (GFR) ((51)Cr-EDTA clearance) were 60 and 80 mL min(-1) 1.73 m(-2), respectively, in absolute values and 80, 90 and 95% CIs, respectively, in age-adjusted values (z-scores). RESULTS: Estimations without age adjustment showed significantly (P = 0.0132) closer correlation for cystatin C (r = 0.817) versus (51)Cr-EDTA clearance as compared with creatinine (r = 0.678). However, when using age-adjusted values, the correlation for cystatin C and creatinine, respectively, versus (51)Cr-EDTA clearance did not differ. When comparing the diagnostic utilities for serum cystatin C versus serum creatinine in manifest renal impairment (GFR < 60 mL min(-1) 1.73 m(-2) or z-scores <-1.28 SD), there were no significant differences between the two markers whether age adjusted or not. However, for diagnosing mild nephropathy (GFR < 80 mL min(-1) 1.73 m(-2) or z-score -0.84 SD), serum cystatin C is significantly more useful. CONCLUSIONS: Serum cystatin C performed better compared with serum creatinine even when measured enzymatically, to detect mild diabetic nephropathy. However, serum creatinine was as efficient as serum cystatin C to detect advanced diabetic nephropathy.
Significance of microalbuminuria in long-duration type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The value of microalbuminuria (MA) in predicting renal disease and premature mortality in longer duration type 1 diabetes is unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We followed 135 patients with long-standing type 1 diabetes (>30 years' duration) over a 7-year period, recording albuminuria and other clinical variables. Vital status was ascertained and cause of death was recorded. RESULTS: A total of 27 of 135 patients (20%) died during the follow-up period. Patients with MA (10 of 30, 33.3%) or proteinuria (5 of 6, 83.3%) at initial examination were more likely to die during follow-up than patients who had normal albumin excretion at baseline (12 of 99, 12%; chi(2) for trend 21.9, P < 0.0001). The presence of abnormal albumin excretion and low BMI were independent risk factors of premature death. The causes of death were similar in patients with normal and abnormal urine albumin excretion. A total of 24.4% of initially normoalbuminuric survivors developed MA, and persistent proteinuria developed in 3.5%. Progressors had significantly higher albumin excretion rate at baseline compared with those who remained normoalbuminuric: 9.0 microg/min (3.8-18) vs. 4.0 microg/min (0.4-17.5); P < 0.001. A total of 21% of patients with MA at baseline reverted to normoalbuminuria, and persistent proteinuria developed in 32%. The likelihood of progression to persistent proteinuria was significantly greater in those with baseline MA compared with those with normal albumin excretion (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Even in long-standing type 1 diabetes of >30 years' duration, MA and proteinuria predict all-cause mortality. MA is a good predictor of persistent proteinuria.
Endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in the brachial artery predicts the short-term development of early stage renal dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: This study examined whether endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in the brachial artery predicted early renal dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Endothelial function in the renal vasculature plays an important role in the regulation of renal hemodynamics. As endothelial dysfunction is a systemic disorder, there may be a relationship between endothelial function in the brachial artery and renal vasculature. METHODS: Flow-mediated endothelium-dependent dilation (FMD) in brachial artery and renal functional parameters were measured in 757 patients with CAD without macroalbuminuria. RESULTS: In a cross-sectional data, an impaired FMD was associated with higher serum creatinine levels and urinary albumin excretion (UAE), lower creatinine clearance rate and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at baseline in multiple linear regression analysis. In a follow-up study including a subgroup of 448 patients with normal renal function (serum creatinine level <1.0mg/dL, UAE <25mg/day and eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) at baseline), 96 patients had an endpoint of early stage renal dysfunction (serum creatinine levels ≥ 1.2mg/dL, UAE ≥ 30 mg/day and/or eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) during 12 month follow-up. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that impaired FMD was significantly associated with progression to the early stage renal dysfunction after adjustment with age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension and C-reactive protein levels. CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in the brachial artery is independently associated with progression from normal renal function to early stage renal dysfunction in patients with CAD. Measurement of FMD may therefore be useful for assessing risk of future renal dysfunction.
The use of the Micral-Test strip to identify the presence of microalbuminuria in people with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) participating in the EUCLID study.; In IDDM, microalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) of 20-200 micrograms/min) is a predictor of persistent proteinuria and diabetic nephropathy. Early intervention may prevent or reduce the rate of progression of renal complications. The Micral-Test strip can be used to establish a semi-quantitative estimate of AER. We assessed the field performance of the Micral-Test strip in detecting microalbuminuria in the EUCLID study, an European wide, 18 centre study of 530 IDDM participants, aged 20 to 59 years. People with macroalbuminuria were excluded. On entry, all participants had albumin concentrations from two overnight urine collections measured by a central laboratory, and the corresponding Micral-Test performed on the two collections locally. a cut off of > or = mg/l albumin from the first Micral-Test, to detect a centrally measured albumin concentration > or = 20 mg/l, yielded 29 (5.8%) false negative results and 58 (11.6%) false positive results (sensitivity 70%, specificity 87%). The mean AER, from two collections, was compared with the corresponding 'pooled' Micral-Test results (mean of the two readings). Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves were used to assess if there was a suitable 'pooled' Micral-Test result for screening microalbuminuria. A 'pooled' Micral-Test result (> or = 15 mg/l) was used to detect mean AER > or = 20 micrograms/min (sensitivity 78%, specificity 77%). This 'pooled cut-off' had already been used for screening on to the study and led to an over-estimate (154 vs. 77) of the true number of microalbuminuric participants on the study. In conclusion, our findings suggest that the Micral-Test strip is not an effective screening tool for microalbuminuria, using the 'pooled' result from two measurements did not improve the sensitivity of the test.
New predictive equations improve monitoring of kidney function in patients with diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The Cockcroft-Gault and Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equations poorly predict glomerular filtration rate (GFR) decline in diabetic patients. We sought to discover whether new equations based on serum creatinine (the Mayo Clinic Quadratic [MCQ] or reexpressed MDRD equations) or four cystatin C-based equations (glomerular filtration rate estimated via cystatin formula [Cys-eGFR]) were less biased and better predicted GFR changes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In 124 diabetic patients with a large range of isotopic GFR (iGFR) (56.1 +/- 35.3 ml/min per 1.73 m2 [range 5-164]), we compared the performances of the equations before and after categorization in GFR tertiles. A total of 20 patients had a second determination 2 years later. RESULTS: The Cockcroft-Gault equation was the least precise. The MDRD equation was the most precise but the most biased according to the Bland-Altman procedure. By contrast with the MDRD and, to a lesser extent, the MCQ, three of the four Cys-eGFRs were not biased. All equations overestimated the low GFRs, whereas only the MDRD and Rule's Cys-eGFR equations underestimated the high GFRs. For the subjects studied twice, iGFR changed by -8.5 +/- 17.9 ml/min per 1.73 m2. GFR changes estimated by the Cockcroft-Gault (-4.5 +/- 6.8) and MDRD (-5.7 +/- 6.2) equations did not correlate with the isotopic changes, whereas new equation-predicted changes did: MCQ: -8.7 +/- 9.4 (r = 0.44, P < 0.05) and all four Cys-eGFRs: -6.2 +/- 7.4 to -7.3 +/- 8.4 (r = 0.60 to 0.62, all P < 0.005), such as 100/cystatin-C (r = 0.61, P < 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: The new predictive equations better estimate GFR than the Cockcroft-Gault equation. Although the MDRD equation remains the most accurate, it poorly predicts GFR decline, as it overestimates low and underestimates high GFRs. This bias is lesser with the MCQ and Cys-eGFR equations, so they better predict GFR changes.
Reevaluation by high-performance liquid chromatography: clinical significance of microalbuminuria in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease in the Heart Outcomes Prevention Evaluation (HOPE) Study.; BACKGROUND: In the Heart Outcomes Prevention Evaluation Study, microalbumin and albumin levels measured by using radioimmunoassay (RIA) and less than the microalbuminuria threshold in baseline urine samples were associated independently with cardiovascular (CV) events. Conventional immunoassays may underestimate albuminuria by not detecting a mildly denatured unfragmented form of albumin, immunounreactive to conventional antibodies. METHODS: Microalbuminuria was reanalyzed in baseline samples stored at -70 degrees C for 5,358 North American participants, 1,992 with diabetes mellitus, by using a high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) system that also detects immunochemically nonreactive urinary albumin. RESULTS: The HPLC compared with RIA method identified microalbuminuria in 1,585 versus 719 participants, 809 versus 423 patients with diabetes, by using a conventionally accepted albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) of 29 mg/g or greater (>or=3 mg/mmol) as a cutoff value. HPLC-detected microalbuminuria increased risk for the primary outcome (a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and CV death); unadjusted hazard ratio, 1.85 (95% confidence interval, 1.57 to 2.19). Receiver operating characteristic analysis did not differentiate between HPLC- and RIA-detected microalbuminuria as predictors of CV outcomes. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of microalbuminuria is 2 to 3 times greater with HPLC than RIA using an ACR of 29 mg/g or greater (>or=3 mg/mmol). The optimal cutoff value for detecting CV risk in the entire study population by means of RIA was 9 mg/g (0.9 mg/mmol), and with HPLC, 32 mg/g (3.4 mg/mmol). Results from this study also show different ACR cutoff values for individuals with diabetes: RIA, 13 mg/g or greater (>or=1.4 mg/mmol); HPLC, 44 mg/g or greater (>or=5.2 mg/mmol) and without diabetes: RIA, 7 mg/g or greater (>or=0.7 mg/mmol); HPLC, 29 mg/g or greater (>or=3/1 mg/mmol). Results highlight the importance of method-dependent cutoff values in the prediction of CV events.
Urinary platelet-derived growth factor-BB as an early marker of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes: an Egyptian study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one of the most serious complications of diabetes worldwide. Strong evidence suggests that several growth factors may contribute to the initiation and progressive fibrosis of DN. Recently, there is an overexpression of platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) in renal biopsies from patients with DN. This study aimed to investigate the clinical significance of urinary PDGF-BB level in type 2 diabetic patients with and without nephropathy and to evaluate its relationship with various clinical and laboratory parameters. METHODS: Urinary levels of PDGF-BB were measured in 60 Egyptian type 2 diabetic patients categorized into three equal groups (normo-, micro-, and macroalbuminuria), according to urinary albumin level. In addition, 20 healthy subjects were selected to serve as controls. RESULTS: The urinary PDGF-BB levels were significantly increased in type 2 diabetic patients as compared to controls (p < 0.001). Moreover, diabetics with micro- and macroalbuminuria had significantly higher levels than in those with normoalbuminuria (p < 0.001). Urinary PDGF-BB correlated positively with disease duration, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, and urinary albumin and negatively with creatinine clearance in diabetic patients. In a multiple regression model, urinary PDGF-BB was strongly and independently associated with nephropathy in diabetic patients (β = -0.03, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: PDGF-BB may play an important role in the initiation and progression of DN. It is considered as a good predictor for early deterioration of renal function in DN. Thus, measurement of urinary PDGF-BB in type 2 diabetic patients could be used for early detection of diabetic renal disease.
Intrapersonal HbA(1c) variability and the risk of progression of nephropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes.; AIM: To investigate the association between nephropathy and HbA(1c) variability (assessed as the standard deviation of each patient's HbA(1c) measurements) among patients with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Albumin excretion rate and HbA(1c) were measured in 2103 patients followed up for a mean 6.6 years. Multivariate Cox regression analysis was used to determine the influence of HbA(1c) variability on the risk of progression of nephropathy after adjustment for age, sex, duration of diabetes, baseline condition (two cohorts defined by duration of diabetes, retinopathy and albumin excretion rate), baseline HbA(1c) , insulin use, BMI, use of anti-hypertensive agents, smoking, lipid status, retinopathy, updated mean HbA(1c) and number of HbA(1c) measurements. RESULTS: Nephropathy progressed in 18.3% of subjects. HbA(1c) variability was significantly greater among progressors than among non-progressors (12 vs. 10 mmol/mol; 1.12 vs. 0.90%; P < 0.0001) and was a significant predictor of progression of nephropathy even after adjustment for updated mean HbA(1c) and other risk factors (hazard ratio 1.37, 95% CI 1.12-1.69). CONCLUSION: In patients with Type 2 diabetes, the risk of progression of nephropathy increases significantly with HbA(1c) variability, independently of the influence of updated mean HbA(1c) .
Earlier detection of microalbuminuria in diabetic patients using a new urinary albumin assay.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is regarded as the most important predictor of high risk for the development of diabetic nephropathy. Early detection may allow treatment to prevent progression to persistent albuminuria and renal failure. Recent studies have shown that conventional immunoassays underestimate urinary albumin concentration, as albumin in urine may exist in two forms, immuno-reactive and immuno-unreactive. The present study examines the differential lead-time for the development of microalbuminuria as measured by both conventional radioimmunoassay (RIA; measures immuno-reactive) and high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC; measures total albumin = immuno-reactive plus immuno-unreactive) analysis in both type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: Analysis was performed on 511 stored urine samples collected over the last 13 years from type 1 diabetic patients who either progressed from normo- to microalbuminuria (progressors, N= 17), or who remained normoalbuminuric (nonprogressors, N= 25) as defined by RIA, and on 634 urine samples collected from patients with type 2 diabetes defined as either progressors (N= 24) or nonprogressors (N= 25). RESULTS: For type 1 progressors, the mean lead-time for the HPLC assay versus the RIA was 3.9 years, with a 95% CI of 2.1 to 5.6 years. For type 2 progressors, the mean lead-time was 2.4 years with a 95% CI of 1.2 to 3.5 years. There was no significant difference between the lead-time analysis between type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients. CONCLUSION: These results demonstrate that measurement of total albumin may allow earlier detection of microalbuminuria associated with diabetic nephropathy.
Performance characteristics of an HPLC assay for urinary albumin.; Microalbuminuria is a marker of diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular risk. Immunoassays underestimate the amount of intact albumin present in urine. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a new urinary albumin assay that uses size exclusion high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). We determined the limit of detection, linearity, imprecision, a comparison with an immunoturbidimetric assay, and pediatric and adult reference intervals. The limit of detection was 3.4 mg/L. The assay was linear from 4 to 240 mg/L. Total imprecision was less than 10% from 16 to 206 mg/L. Comparison of the albumin/creatinine ratio by HPLC with an immunoturbidimetric method showed positive proportional bias, which decreased with increasing concentrations of albumin. Nonparametric reference intervals were 22 to 250 mg/g for girls, 20 to 130 mg/g for boys, 14 to 62 mg/g for women, and 10 to 37 mg/g for men. This HPLC assay for urinary albumin shows acceptable performance and quantifies albumin species that are not detected by immunoassay. Separate reference intervals for children and adults seem necessary.
Determination of urinary enzymes as a marker of early renal damage in diabetic patients.; Diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy in the early stages is very important since there are no clinical signs or symptoms. Urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) excretion has been recommended as a tubular dysfunction marker that elevates before other markers, such as microalbuminuria and a decrease in creatinine clearance. In this study, we compared excretion of urinary enzymes with other markers that are used routinely in diabetic nephropathy assessment. Urinary NAG, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), alkaline phosphatase (AP) activities, urea, creatinine, and albumin, with levels of serum glucose and creatinine and whole blood glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were measured in 32 diabetes mellitus patients and 25 healthy subjects (controls). Notably, urinary NAG, AP, LDH excretion, and microalbuminuria in the diabetic patients group were significantly increased compared to those in the control groups (P<0.001, P<0.05, P<0.01, and P<0.01, respectively). Meanwhile, our results showed that the urinary NAG excretion had the highest sensitivity and specificity (100% and 87.5%, respectively) compared to other markers. We showed that measuring urinary NAG excretion could be useful for the assessment of renal failure in diabetes mellitus patients and confirmed the use of NAG as a routine screening test.
Evaluation of microalb immunoturbidimetric test for albuminuria screening.; Microalb, an immunoturbidimetric test for screening urinary albumin levels was evaluated for its potential as a screening test for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients. It was compared with the current standard, the radioimmunoassay (RIA). The results showed that the test lacks sensitivity while its specificity was acceptable. Therefore, it can not replace the RIA as the screening method. This study also showed that the first early morning urine could be used if a 24- hour collection was not possible, as its albumin content fairly correlated (r = 0.78) with the 24-hour urine collection of the diabetic patients.
The cost-effectiveness of different management strategies for type I diabetes: a Swiss perspective.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: A computer model was developed to determine the health outcomes and economic consequences of different combinations of diabetes interventions in newly diagnosed patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes in Switzerland. METHODS: We modelled seven complications of diabetes: hypoglycaemia, ketoacidosis, acute myocardial infarction, stroke, lower extremity amputation, nephropathy, and retinopathy. Transition probabilities and costs were taken from published literature. The Swiss health insurance payer perspective was taken. Various combinations of diabetes management strategies, including intensive or conventional insulin therapy and screening and treatment strategies for renal and eye disease were defined. Life expectancy, cumulative incidences of complications, and mean expected total lifetime costs per patient were calculated under six different management strategies. Incremental cost-effectiveness ratios were calculated in terms of costs per life-year gained compared with conventional insulin therapy alone. RESULTS: The addition of screening for microalbuminuria and retinopathy followed by appropriate treatment, if detected, were cost saving, with reduction in cumulative incidence of end stage renal disease and blindness respectively, and, in the case of microalbulminuria screening and treatment, an improvement in life expectancy. Intensive therapy improved life expectancy but increased total lifetime costs. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Optimal management of Type I diabetic patients, including secondary and tertiary prevention, leads to reduced complications and improved life expectancy, with the increased costs of prevention offset to varying degrees by cost savings due to complications avoided.
Screening for diabetic microalbuminuria in routine clinical care: which method?; The measurement of albumin/creatinine ratios and simple albumin concentrations in early morning urine specimens were evaluated to establish which was the best screening test for those likely to have microalbuminuria by the reference standard analysis of timed overnight urine specimens. The measurement of an albumin/creatinine ratio with a cut off of > or = 2.0 mg/mmol was found to be suitable with a specificity of 93% and sensitivity of 97%.
[Relationship of hypertension and microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes].; Hypertension and microalbuminuria are considered major cardiovascular risk factors in young patient with type 1 diabetes. The lack of nocturnal decrease of arterial blood pressure observed in the analysis of circadian blood pressure profile, could be an additional risk factor for progression of diabetic nephropathy. MATERIAL AND METHOD: Study included 112 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and hypertension from Nutrition and Metabolic Disease Center Iaşi. Patients were evaluated in terms of automatic blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and for presence of microalbuminuria. RESULTS: The results indicate that most patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus with an age of at least 5 years had microalbuminuria. 67.5% of patients with type 1 diabetes and hypertension had non-dipper blood pressure profile. Risk of progression of microalbuminuria was increased in patients with non-dipper profile. Nocturnal and daytime diastolic blood pressure average mean and nocturnal systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in the group with microalbuminuria compared to patients with normal urinary albumin excretion. Results of multivariate analysis indicate predictive factors for dipper/non-dipper blood pressure profile like microalbuminuria, lipid imbalance, HbA1c, diabetes duration, insulinoterapy scheme. CONCLUSIONS: In the early stages of hypertension in type 1 diabetes, its systolic values are well correlated with the presence of microalbuminuria. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring revealed association between microalbuminuria and non-dipper phenomenon. An early increase in nocturnal systolic blood pressure may have a key role in tracking the progression to diabetic nephropathy. This change is potentially useful as a marker of renal disease and initiation of nephroprotective therapy.
Sodium-lithium transport in adolescents with IDDM. Relationship to incipient nephropathy and glycemic control.; OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to examine genetic and environmental influences in the development of early diabetic nephropathy and to assess the value of measuring membrane sodium transport as a marker for early nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured erythrocyte sodium-lithium (Na-Li) countertransport, blood pressure (BP), HbA1c, and microalbuminuria (MA) in 84 adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), 29 of whom had MA. Twenty-nine non-MA patients were selected and matched for age, sex, and IDDM duration with the 29 diabetic subjects with MA. The 84 diabetic adolescents were also compared with 85 nondiabetic siblings. RESULTS: The erythrocyte Na-Li countertransport was significantly greater in the IDDM group than in the sibling group (mean +/- SD, 0.41 +/- 0.14 vs. 0.30 +/- 0.11 mmol Li.liters of erythrocytes-1.h-1, respectively, P < 0.0001), but a significant correlation was noted between the results in IDDM subjects and their siblings (r = 0.42, P < 0.0008). Na-Li countertransport was not different in the diabetic subjects with or without MA (0.43 +/- 0.13 vs. 0.37 +/- 0.13 mmol Li.liters of erythrocytes-1.h-1, respectively). There was a significant correlation in the IDDM group between recent diabetic control (HbA1c) and Na-Li countertransport (r = 0.37, P < 0.003). Diastolic BP was significantly higher in the IDDM group with MA than in those without MA (60 +/- 6 vs. 55 +/- 6 mmHg, respectively, P < 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that erythrocyte Na-Li countertransport is influenced by the diabetic milieu. However, there was also evidence in our subjects of a genetic contribution to Na-Li countertransport as seen by the correlation between levels in the IDDM subjects and their siblings. Using Na-Li countertransport, we were not able to segregate those IDDM adolescents with and without early nephropathy.
Clinical biochemistry guidelines in Wales: their impact on laboratory services.; BACKGROUND: Evidence of significant variations in clinical biochemistry practice in Wales led to the formation of the All Wales Clinical Biochemistry Audit Group (AWCBAG) in 1993, with the aim of auditing laboratory services to ensure that they are optimally used. As part of this process, clinical guidelines are produced and circulated to all clinical biochemistry departments in Wales. The current aim of the AWCBAG is to assess the extent and impact of adoption of these guidelines across Wales. METHODS: Three surveys were dispatched at intervals over a decade to all clinical biochemistry departments in Wales to investigate practice in: (1) urine albumin testing to screen for diabetic nephropathy; (2) biochemical investigation of menopausal status and the monitoring of hormone replacement therapy; (3) screening for Cushing's syndrome. RESULTS: The results show that laboratories across Wales are generally following guideline criteria and are adapting their practice in-line with changing recommendations. CONCLUSION: The introduction of AWCBAG guidelines has been widely accepted by clinical biochemistry departments in Wales. These guidelines have led to a more efficient and effective use of laboratory services.
The Mayo Clinic quadratic equation improves the prediction of glomerular filtration rate in diabetic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Although recommended, both the Cockcroft and Gault formula (CG) and the modification of diet in renal disease (MDRD) equation are not ideally predictive of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in diabetic subjects; we tested whether the new Mayo Clinic Quadratic (MCQ) equation performed better. METHODS: In 200 diabetic subjects with a wide range of renal function, GFR was measured by 51Cr-EDTA clearance, and compared with the results of the three predictive equations by regression analysis and Bland and Altman procedures. The correlations with body mass index, age and albumin excretion rates were tested. The precisions (absolute difference as percentage), diagnostic accuracies [receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves for the diagnosis of moderate and severe chronic kidney disease (CKD)], and the results of stratification according to the KDOQ classification were compared. RESULTS: The CG and MCQ overestimated mean GFR, whereas the MDRD underestimated it. Correlation coefficients and areas under the ROC curves were better for the MDRD and the MCQ as compared with the CG, which was biased by body weight (+30% overestimation in obese diabetic subjects). The absolute differences with true GFR were slightly lower for the MDRD than the MCQ, and both better than the CG. Both the MDRD and MCQ correctly stratified 65% of the subjects (CG: 55%, P<0.05). In contrast with the MDRD, the MCQ did not underestimate normal GFR, and its performance for stratification was uniformly good over a wide GFR range. CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic subjects, the MCQ has a similar diagnostic performance to the MDRD, but it does not underestimate normal GFR, which is an important advantage.
[Comparison of clinical arterial pressure, home-arterial pressure measurement, and ambulatory arterial pressure monitoring in patients with type II diabetes mellitus and diabetic nephropathy].; BACKGROUND: Hypertension is common in type 2 diabetes with diabetic nephropathy, and increases the risk of cardiovascular complications and renal chronic insufficiency. The aim of our evaluation in these patients was: a) to study the correlation between office blood pressure (BP), self-monitored (SMBP) and 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM). b) To study the correlation between these methods and cardiovascular and renal complications. METHODS: We studied 60 patients (mean age 66.7 +/- 9 years, mean duration of diabetes 11.3 +/- 7 years) with arterial hypertension, type 2 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy. Macroangiopathy and echocardiography were recorded. We measured, SMBP and ABPM without modifying the antihypertensive treatment. The white coat phenomenon (WCP) was determined and patients were classified as dippers or non dippers according to their blood pressure diurnal rhythm. RESULTS: Mean glycated haemoglobin was 7.8% and mean serum creatinine 1.2 +/- 0.5 mg/dl, 30% of patients had proteinuria and 70% microalbuminuria The mean number of antihypertensive drugs was 2.2 +/- 1. The mean BP was: Office BP: 158.2 +/- 24/85.3 +/- 9 mmHg, pulse pressure (PP) 72.9 +/- 21 mmHg; SMBP: 145.4 +/- 18/77.5 +/- 7 mmHg, PP 67.9 +/- 18 mmHg and BP in the early morning 150.2 +/- 20/79.9 +/- 9 mmHg; ABPM: diurnal mean 138.9 +/- 15/74.1 +/- 6 mmHg, PP 64.8 +/- 15 mmHg and BP in the early morning 146.5 +/- 16/78.5 +/- 7 mmHg. The three techniques showed a good correlation and WCP was detected in 46.7% of patients with SMBP and in 56.7% with ABPM. We found no correlation between BP and macroangiopathy, but an increase of systolic BP in SMBP and ABPM in proteinuric patients were found and correlation between mass left ventricular index (MLVI) and PP in office and systolic BP and PP in SMBP and ABPM was significant. 70% of patients were non dippers, with a higher MLVI. CONCLUSIONS: Decreases in BP in type 2 diabetes with diabetic nephropathy are difficult of maintain despite combinations of different antihypertensive drugs. These patients present an important WCP and worse prognosis data, such as elevation of systolic BP, increased PP, poor night BP fall and a BP rise in the early morning. Also, we can't reduced the BP during 24 hours in an important number of patients. These characteristics can be detected by combining the office BP measurement, SMBP and ABPM. The alternative possibility would be lifestyle modification, appropriate drug combinations and to start treatment at lower levels than those currently used as thresholds (the guidelines for antihypertensive treatment have been drastically shifted in this direction over the past years).
Differences in urinary albumin detected by four immunoassays and high-performance liquid chromatography.; OBJECTIVES: To compare the analysis of urinary albumin from diabetic patients by four conventional immunoassays including radioimmunoassay (RIA), immunonephelometry (IN), and two different methods of immunoturbidimetry (IT), as well as by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). DESIGN AND METHODS: Urines were collected over a 24-h period and stored at -20 degrees C until assay. Urinary albumin concentration was determined by an in-house RIA, by IN using a Beckman Array Analyser with reagents from Beckman Diagnostics (Sydney, Australia), by IT using a Dade-Behring Turbitimer with reagents from Dade-Behring (Marburg, Germany), by IT using a Dade-Behring Dimension R x L Chemistry Analyser with reagents from DiaSorin (Stillwater, OK, USA), and by HPLC using a Zorbax Bio series preparative GF-250 column. Regression lines were calculated using a least squares method to determine the correlation between the assays studied. Bland-Altman bias plots including limits of agreement were also calculated. RESULTS: The correlation coefficients calculated were high (>0.85) indicating a strong linear relationship between all assays studied. The slopes calculated for the comparisons demonstrate that each assay can vary from one another (up to threefold) and have a slope significantly different from an ideal slope of 1 (P < 0.001). These results were confirmed by Bland-Altman bias plots and calculation of the limits of agreement that were all large. CONCLUSIONS: At this time, there is no global standard by which urinary albumin assays may be standardized. This study suggests the need for such standards.
Can glomerular mRNAs in human type 1 diabetes be used to predict transition from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria?; BACKGROUND: mRNAs of pathogenetic importance in the development of diabetic nephropathy were measured in subjects with type 1 diabetes to determine whether these might be used to predict progression from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria. We proposed that conversion from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria would be most likely in subjects whose connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) and collagen mRNAs were above the 95% confidence interval (CI) for live renal donors and within the 95% CI for subjects with abnormal albuminuria. METHODS: Glomerular CTGF, collagen alpha2(IV), and control glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) mRNAs were measured in microdissected glomeruli from living renal donors (n = 10), and subjects with normoalbuminuria (n = 12), microalbuminuria (n = 5), and overt proteinuria (n = 6). RESULTS: After 44 +/- 2 months of follow-up, one subject converted from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria. Although the data are limited, progression from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria occurred in the only normoalbuminuric subject whose mRNA levels were above the live renal donors' 95% CI for CTGF and collagen alpha2(IV) and within the 95% CI of subjects with abnormal albuminuria. No clinical or histopathologic finding distinguished the progressor from the nonprogressors at the time of biopsy. CONCLUSION: This case report provides proof-of-principle that a panel of glomerular mRNA markers chosen because of their pathogenetic relevance may be useful adjuncts to albuminuria and histology in predicting clinical stability or clinical progression in diabetic nephropathy.
Risk predictors in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; Diabetic nephropathy is currently the most common cause of end-stage renal disease in the Western countries. Only approximately one third of patients with type 1 diabetes develop nephropathy; thus, because it is not feasible to aggressively treat all patients, it becomes very important to find early markers in order to identify patients at high nephropathy risk. To date the best available predictor of overt nephropathy is microalbuminuria. In this article we review the validity of microalbuminuria as a predictor of overt nephropathy and consider other markers of nephropathy risk.
Usefulness of a highly sensitive urinary and serum IL-6 assay in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Interleukin-6 (IL-6) promotes the growth of renal mesangial cells. IL-6 may play a major role in such mesangial proliferation, but there has been little research on IL-6 in relation to diabetic nephropathy because of the difficulty in measuring urinary and serum IL-6 levels. Using a newly developed, highly sensitive IL-6 assay, we studied the relationship between serum and urinary IL-6 and diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: We investigated 72 patients with type 2 diabetes. Urinary and serum IL-6 concentrations were measured using a chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay with a detection limit of 0.11 pg/ml. RESULTS: There was a significant increase of the serum IL-6 level as diabetic nephropathy progressed, with the level being 1.4 +/- 0.3 pg/ml in patients with normal albuminuria, rising to 2.4 +/- 0.6 pg/ml in patients with microalbuminuria and then to 4.4 +/- 0.8 pg/ml in those having proteinuria. The serum IL-6 level was also significantly correlated with fibrinogen and aortic pulse wave velocity. The urinary IL-6 level was also significantly increased in diabetic patients as nephropathy progressed. Both serum and urinary IL-6 levels were high in the group with nephropathy, but there was no correlation between the two. CONCLUSION: The urinary IL-6 level seems to be a good indicator of diabetic nephropathy, and atherosclerotic changes were related to the serum IL-6 level. The serum IL-6 may, therefore, be useful in the evaluation of atherosclerosis including nephropathy.
Serum total renin is increased before microalbuminuria in diabetes.; Serum prorenin is increased in patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) with microvascular complications. The present longitudinal study investigated whether increases in serum total renin concentration (TRC, active+prorenin) can predict the development of microalbuminuria in IDDM patients over a 10 year period. TRC and albumin excretion rates (AER) were determined in 78 IDDM patients who were followed longitudinally for 10.4 +/- 0.2 (mean +/- SE) years. Twelve patients had progressively increasing albuminuria (progressors), and these were compared to 66 patients in whom albuminuria did not rise (non-progressors). The two groups had similar duration of diabetes, age, follow-up, glycemic control and blood pressure at the start of the study. Serum TRC was increased in progressors [350 (1.1) mIU/liter, geometric mean (tolerance factor)] compared to non-progressors [189 (1.2)] after 5 to 10 years duration of diabetes, and continued to rise in this group, reaching a mean of 923 mIU/liter (normal range 131 to 170) after 20 years of diabetes. When serial measurements of TRC and AER were compared in individual progressors, a significant increase in TRC was apparent up to five years before the onset of microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria in patients with IDDM is preceded by a substantial increase in serum TRC, suggesting that serum TRC may predict the subsequent development of incipient nephropathy.
Role of glycemic control and blood pressure in the development and progression of nephropathy in elderly Japanese NIDDM patients.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the role of glycemic control and blood pressure in the development and progression of nephropathy and to suggest goals for glycemic control and blood pressure for the prevention of nephropathy in elderly Japanese NIDDM patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 123 age- and diabetes duration-matched elderly Japanese NIDDM patients (aged 60-75 years; 74 normoalbuminuric and 49 microalbuminuric) were retrospectively studied for 6 years. RESULTS: The group that developed microalbuminuria from normoalbuminuria (group NM: n = 24) showed a higher 6-year mean HbA1c than the group that remained normoalbuminuric (group NN: n = 50; 9.0 +/- 0.8 vs. 8.1 +/- 0.8%, P < 0.01) in spite of no significant difference in 6-year mean blood pressure (MBP). On the other hand, the group that progressed from microalbuminuria to overt proteinuria (group MP: n = 26) showed a higher 6-year MBP than the group that remained microalbuminuric (group MM: n = 23; 106 +/- 5 vs. 95 +/- 6 mmHg, P < 0.01) in spite of no significant difference in 6-year mean HbA1c. The cutoff level of HbA1c separating group NN from group NM was 8.5% (normal range < or = 6.5%), and that of MBP separating group MM from group MP was 100 mmHg. CONCLUSIONS: Glycemic control is a more potent factor than blood pressure level on the development of microalbuminuria. However, as far as the progression of microalbuminuria to overt proteinuria is concerned, hypertension is the most crucial factor in elderly NIDDM patients. Suggested goals for glycemic control and blood pressure level for the prevention of nephropathy in elderly Japanese patients are an HbA1c of < or = 8.5% (equivalent to 7.8% in the current measurement of stable HbA1c; normal range < or = 5.8%) and an MBP of < or = 100 mmHg.
The lack of screening for diabetic nephropathy: evidence from a privately insured population.; BACKGROUND: We examined the performance of screening tests for diabetic nephropathy in a population of privately insured individuals. METHODS: Administrative data from a large private health plan were analyzed. Continuously insured persons with diabetes (ages 30-62) with > or = one office visit during the study year (July 1995 to June 1996) were included (n = 4,758). Outcome variables included a urinalysis for protein and a test for microalbuminuria. The likelihood of test performance according to age, gender, insurance plan type, total office visits, diabetes office visits, and specialty of predominant physician was examined both in bivariate analyses and a logistic regression. RESULTS: Among the 4,623 patients without evidence of nephropathy, only 16.5% had a urinalysis test conducted sometime in the year. All individuals (2.1% of sample) who received a microalbuminuria test also received a urinalysis. Individuals with indemnity or PPO plans were more likely to be screened than individuals in point-of-service plans. Patients with more visits and more diabetes visits were more likely to be screened. In the regression with family practice as the reference category, general internists were the only physician specialty more likely to have screened patients. CONCLUSIONS: The majority of patients with diabetes mellitus do not receive annual screening for microalbuminuria or urinary protein.
Predictors of microvascular complications in type 1 diabetic patients at onset: the role of metabolic memory.; BACKGROUND: Several epidemiological studies showed a close association between metabolic control and microvascular complications in type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM). The aim of our longitudinal observational study was to evaluate the predictive role of the main clinical and biochemical parameters in determining microvascular complications. METHODS: 376 T1DM patients, hospitalized in our division from 1991 to 2005 (mean follow-up=10.93±4.26 years) were studied. Stepwise Cox regression analysis was used to identify the influence of residual ß-cell function, ß-cell autoimmunity, HbA1c levels and other clinical and laboratory parameters in the development of microalbuminuria and retinopathy. RESULTS: The probability of developing microalbuminuria was higher in males than in females (HR 1.82; 95% CI 1.01-3.28; p=0.044), in patients with higher mean HbA1c values (HR 2.80; 95% CI 1.63-4.83; p<0.001), longer duration of disease (HR 1.98; 95% CI 1.10-3.57; p=0.022) and younger age of diabetes onset (HR 0.53; 95% CI 0.03-0.92; p=0.026). An increased probability of developing retinopathy was found in patients with higher mean HbA1c levels during follow-up (HR 2.35; 95% CI 1.34-4.12, p=0.003), as well as at onset (HR 1.85; 95% CI 1.06-3.24; p=0.030). CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that among the clinical, metabolic, immunological and biochemical factors evaluated at onset, only HbA1c is predictive for the microangiopathy development in T1DM.
[How I evaluate...diabetic nephropathy. First part: micro- and macroalbuminuria].; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) appears in about 30% of patients with type 1 diabetes (D1) and 15 to 60% of patients with type 2 diabetes (D2). It is preceded by microalbuminuria. Microalbuminuria is defined as an albumin excretion rate between 30 and 300 mg/24 h (on a 24-hour urine collection) or between 20 and 200 micrograms/min (on an overnight collection) in at least two out of three consecutive collections made within a 6-month period. Alternative screening techniques use either dipstick (Micral-Test II) or the albumin to creatinine ratio on an early morning urine sample (30-300 mg/g creatinine). Once persistent microalbuminuria is confirmed, 80% of type 1 diabetic patients and 20 to 50% of type 2 diabetic patients will progress to DN. In D2, microalbuminuria also represents a powerful predictor of early mortality from cardiovascular disease. Macroalbuminuria (AER > 300 mg/24 h, corresponding to a total protein excretion > 500 mg/24 h) will eventually lead to a end-stage renal insufficiency within 10 to 20 years. In D2, numerous patients will die from cardiovascular disease before reaching end-stage renal failure. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors can slow down the evolution toward DN when prescribed when microalbuminuria appears. Screening for microalbuminuria should therefore be a part of the annual clinical assessment in every diabetic patient.
Altered renal function in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetes.; Altered renal function namely enhanced FE Mg and impaired hemodynamics is observed in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetes. Since FE Mg correlates directly with tubulointerstitial fibrosis, enhanced FE Mg reflects tubulointerstitial disease even in normoalbuminuric type 2 diabetes. This implies that microalbuminuria is not sensitive to early detect diabetic nephropathy.
Angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene polymorphisms: relationship to nephropathy in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy is a frequent complication of long-term diabetes. Strong evidence exists that genetic predisposition plays a major role in the development of diabetic nephropathy. The role of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene (ACE) in the susceptibility to nephropathy in diabetes, especially in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), remains unclear. This study examines the association of two ACE polymorphisms: a 287-bp insertion/deletion (I/D) in intron 16 and PstI (A/G substitution in intron 7; alleles P/M) with renal complications in 941 NIDDM patients. From this group, for further analysis 127 patients were selected with overt proteinuria or chronic renal failure, 335 patients with microalbuminuria, and a control group of 254 normoalbuminuric patients with a diabetes duration of at least 10 yr. No significant differences in the distribution of ACE I/D and PstI genotypes or allele frequencies were observed between the examined groups. The results of this study strongly suggest that there is no association between the ACE gene I/D and PstI polymorphisms and nephropathy in NIDDM.
Mixed self-assembly of polydiacetylenes for highly specific and sensitive strip biosensors.; Polydiacetylenes (PDAs), which possess unique properties that allow them to change color in response to environmental changes such as variations in pH, temperature, and molecular binding, have been widely investigated as signal transducers in biosensor applications. Most PDA-based sensors reported to date have been evaluated largely on the basis of their ability to detect purified samples, however, and their specificity has rarely been tested. In this study, novel PDAs fabricated on polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) strips by photoreaction of composite diacetylene self-assemblies were developed as biosensors, and nonspecific binding to off-target biomolecules was assessed. A mixed PDA surface containing biotin and ethanolamide bound the target, i.e., streptavidin, more specifically than did biotin alone. The optimized PDA biosensor exhibited approximately 2850-fold higher selectivity for streptavidin relative to bovine serum albumin controls. A PDA biosensor that was further prepared showed distinctive signals for the urine of diabetic patients compared to urine samples from healthy/non-diabetic person due to the concentration of microalbuminuria. To our knowledge, this is the first strip-type biosensor fabricated with PDAs and the first PDA-based biosensor that can effectively overcome the problem of nonspecific binding.
Clinical value of detecting microalbuminuria as a risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertension in insulin-treated diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the role of clinical non-overt stage III diabetic nephropathy concerning the development of more frequent hypertensive complications during pregnancies of women requiring insulin. METHODS: 122 unselected pregnant women treated with insulin were enrolled in the study, of whom 56 were type-1 diabetic patients and 66 patients had gestational diabetes. In 24-h urine samples, excretion rates of albumin (UAE) and beta(2)-microglobulin were determined by nephelometric analysis and a radioimmunoassay, respectively. These parameters were also measured in the serum as well as HbA(1c), fructosamine and daily blood glucose profiles. RESULTS: Sixteen (15.7%) women had an elevated UAE (>30 mg/24 h), of whom three had macroalbuminuria (UAE>300 mg/24 h). Thirteen (12.7%) insulin-treated women showed microalbuminuria during pregnancy, eight with type-1 diabetes and five with gestational diabetes requiring insulin. In the entire group hypertension was observed in seven (6.9%) women of whom six had microalbuminuria. The sensitivity and specificity were 85.7% and 92.6%, respectively. The positive predictive value reached 46.2%, whereas the negative predictive value was 98.9%. CONCLUSION: Measurement of UAE in diabetic pregnancies seems to be an useful additional parameter for risk evaluation of hypertensive disorders.
Microalbuminuria screening in the UK: are we meeting European standards?; European guidelines recommend annual screening for microalbuminuria in patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) of greater than 5 years' duration and in those with Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) from diagnosis. To determine the current provision of screening for microalbuminuria we performed a postal survey of all diabetologists in the United Kingdom. Of 556 questionnaires sent, 326 (59%) were returned (246 adult, 57 paediatric, 3 adolescent clinics) and of these 306 (55%) were suitable for analysis. Screening programmes have been established by 210 (69%) diabetologists: 70 of these in the last 2 years. 46 more plan to screen patients with IDDM within 2 years. 155 (92%) of 169 adult programmes perform annual screening in IDDM, 74% according to European guidelines (39% in NIDDM). Other clinics use age, type of diabetes or criteria such as blood pressure to target screening. An albumin/creatinine ratio (52%) on an early morning urine (56%) or random (29%) urine sample is most commonly requested. Financial constraint was the principal reason given in 32 (33%) of 96 clinics that do not currently screen. Other reasons included implementation of other developments with a higher priority (24%) and doubts about the medical value of screening (46%). Assuming respondents are representative of current UK practice, we conclude that microalbuminuria screening is available to patients in many clinics, but is neither universal nor always performed according to European guidelines.
Assessment of AlbuSure and its usefulness in identifying IDDM subjects at increased risk for developing clinical diabetic nephropathy.; This study, which included 154 participants in a 10-yr follow-up study of diabetes complications, was conducted to evaluate AlbuSure (a qualitative test designed to detect urinary albumin concentrations greater than 0.03 g/L) for its ability to discriminate between albumin concentrations above and below the manufacturer's concentration threshold and to identify individuals at increased risk for developing diabetic nephropathy (i.e., those with albumin excretion rate [AER] greater than 0.0288 g/24 h). The reproducibility of AlbuSure results was also evaluated. The results of these evaluations were examined by three different types of urine collections (24 h, overnight, and timed postclinic) and overall. AlbuSure's validity was examined by comparing its results to immunonephelometrically measured concentrations and AER. When compared to albumin concentration, AlbuSure had an overall sensitivity of 81.8%, specificity of 94.8%, and positive predictive value of 90.6%. AlbuSure's sensitivity was lower (71.4%) when compared with AER; however, this was higher than the sensitivity achieved by dipsticks against AER (50.7%). On testing urine samples stored for 3 days at 4 degrees C, AlbuSure results were 100% reproducible after 1 day and had an overall reproducibility of 92% after 3 days. When urine was retested after 3 and 15 mo of storage at -70 degrees C, AlbuSure was greater than or equal to 90% reproducible, with some of the differing results attributable to corresponding changes in albumin concentration. The overnight sample appeared to be the sample of choice for testing with AlbuSure in that it showed excellent reproducibility and the highest sensitivity (compared to both albumin concentration and AER).
Use of microalbuminuria testing in persons with type 2 diabetes: are the right patients being tested?; OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine whether adult patients with type 2 diabetes who had gross proteinuria or were already taking angiotensin-blocking drugs were screened for microalbuminuria. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cross-sectional study. POPULATION: We included a total of 278 adult patients with type 2 diabetes seen during 1998 and 1999 at the family medicine practices of the Medical University of South Carolina. OUTCOMES MEASURED: The outcomes were microalbuminuria testing during either 1998 or 1999 and the initiation of medication if the screening test result was positive. RESULTS: We found that patients who could derive the greatest benefit from testing (ie, those without preexisting proteinuria or who were not receiving an angiotensin-blocking drug) were no more likely to be screened for microalbuminuria than those with existing proteinuria (16% vs 18%, P=.84) or those who were already being treated with an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker (16% vs 16%, P=.83). Also, when the microalbuminuria test result was positive, only 40% of the patients were placed on angiotensin-blocking drugs. CONCLUSIONS: Physician use of microalbuminuria screening does not follow established guidelines. The test appears to be used for many patients who might not need to be screened, and it is not always used for patients who should be screened. Consideration should be given to other strategies to prevent nephropathy in persons with type 2 diabetes.
The utility of conventional dipsticks for urinary protein for screening of microalbuminuria in diabetic patients.; The demonstration that microalbuminuria is predictive of overt diabetic nephropathy has created a demand for the routine measurement of urinary albumin in diabetic patients. We assessed the sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values of the conventional dipsticks for urinary protein (Ames Multistix, Bayer Diagnostic, Australia) as the screening test for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients compared with Micral-Test II (Boehringer Mannheim, Germany). Radioimmunoassay for albumin was taken as standard for comparison. With the urinary albumin concentration of 20 mg/L as a discriminating level of microalbuminuria, Micral-Test II had a sensitivity of 98.8 per cent and a specificity of 68.6 per cent whereas Ames Multistix had lower sensitivity but higher specificity. If urinary albumin concentration of 60 mg/L was used instead as a discriminating level of microalbuminuria, none of Ames Multistix by visual reading and only 5 of 32 (15.6%) of those by reflectance photometer had false negative results. By visual reading, the sensitivity of Ames Multistix was increased from 68.1 to 100 per cent with the drop in specificity from 85.7 to 50.2 per cent. On the other hand, the sensitivity was increased from 37.4 to 84.4 per cent but the specificity was maintained if reflectance photometer was used. In conclusion, Ames Multistix was less sensitive than Micral-Test II in detection of urinary albumin concentration above 20 mg/L. At higher urinary albumin concentration above 60 mg/L which indicates a clinically significant microalbuminuria, the sensitivity of Ames Multistix was increased to 100 per cent. Ames Multistix which is much less expensive than Micral-Test II, can be used as the screening test for significant microalbuminuria in clinical practice particularly in cases having financial problems.
A campaign to raise awareness of microalbuminuria screening.; Both patients with diabetes and health-care professionals need to be aware that diabetes can cause kidney nephropathy. A simple urine test can detect problems with renal function at a very early stage. The DEMAND campaign has involved diabetes clinic nurses in a study to persuade them to perform this test routinely and to encourage patients to request it.
Screening diabetic patients for microalbuminuria.; Abnormal rates of urinary albumin excretion have been shown to predict the development of nephropathy and may signal atherosclerotic disease in diabetic patients. This study demonstrated the feasibility of measuring microalbuminuria in diabetic patients from a large family practice population. Although only one half of the 473 diabetic patients offered free screening took advantage of the testing, those participating did not differ in terms of sex, race, type of diabetes, mean age, systolic blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose levels from those not electing to participate. Over 40% of those screened had abnormally elevated albumin excretion rates as defined as greater than 0.02 g of albumin per gram of creatinine. Those participating in the screening perceived the process as useful and were able to comply with directions for overnight urine collection. Results show that screening for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients cared for by family physicians is feasible, simple, and inexpensive. Interventions to slow or reverse the progression of abnormal microalbuminuria and future risk for nephropathy in those with diabetes are underway.
Home Blood Pressure Variability From the Stored Memory Is Correlated With Albuminuria, but From the Logbook Is not.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether the mean and the variability of home blood pressure (HBP) from the logbook correlate with albuminuria as well as HBP from the stored memory in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: This study is a post hoc analysis of a cross-sectional multicenter study. HBP measurements were performed for 14 consecutive days in 276 patients with type 2 diabetes. Patients were requested to write down their HBP values in logbooks and were not informed about the memory function of their BP monitoring devices. RESULTS: HBP values from the logbook were significantly lower and less variable than those from the stored memory. The mean of morning systolic BP (SBP) from the logbook (adjusted β = 0.326, P < 0.001) as well as that from the stored memory (adjusted β = 0.336, P < 0.0001) was significantly associated with logarithm of urinary albumin excretion (UAE). The SD of morning SBP (adjusted β = 0.134, P = 0.017) from the stored memory was significantly associated with logarithm of UAE, in contrast, the SD of morning SBP (adjusted β = 0.104, P = 0.057) from the logbook was not associated with logarithm of UAE. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with type 2 diabetes might report inaccurate HBP measurements and, as a result, the variability of HBP from the logbook is underestimated and poorly correlates with albuminuria. The use of stored BP measurements is recommended to accurately evaluate the relationship with diabetic nephropathy.
Nephropathy in low income diabetics: the Mexico City Diabetes Study.; Among the most serious complications associated with diabetes mellitus (DM) is nephropathy (DN). In Mexico, there is little information on the frequency and clinical characteristics of DN in the Mexican population. We present results of a population-based survey designed to estimate the prevalence of DN. The low income population consisted of 15,532 inhabitants. All 35- to 64-year-old males and non-pregnant women residing in the survey area were identified as eligible for the study (3505; 22.6%). A home interview was obtained in 2810 (80.2%). A physical exam with oral glucose tolerance test was obtained in 2282 (81.2% of those interviewed). DM was diagnosed in 304 (crude rate 13.3%). Mean age for men and women with DM was 51.6 +/- 8.4 and 52.2 +/- 7.5, respectively. Duration of DM in men was 9.2 +/- 8.1 and in women, 7.3 +/- 6.7 years. Hypertension was diagnosed in 19.8% of men and 18.1% of women. Diabetic retinopathy of any level was found in 55.4% of men and 45.7% of women. Mean glycohemoglobin in men was 9.6 +/- 2.1 and in women 9.5 +/- 2.2% (normal 4-8%). At baseline, proteinuria (1+ or more, by dipstick) was found in 24.7% of men and 9.6% of women, microalbuminuria (MA) in 84.4% of men and 63.8% of women. Quantitative albuminuria was abnormally high in 54.7% of men and 40.3% of women. In the 203 diabetics studied with 24 h urine collection for creatinine clearance, normal renal function was found in 69.1% of men and 47.5% of women, reduced renal function was found in 26% of men and 50% of women, renal insufficiency was diagnosed in 4.9% of men and 1.6% of women. One patient was on dialysis and in a subsequent follow up, we found that 2.3% of the patients had died of renal failure, six men (46-63 years) and a woman of 62 years. We conclude that DN is a very serious threat to this population. The high case fatality rate associated with this condition maintains a low prevalence. It is important to develop a program to diminish the frequency of this condition.
[Puberty, pregnancy, gender and hormonal status--putative risk factors for diabetic nephropathy].; Contemplation of non-genetic risk factors that are influencing the onset and development of diabetic nephropathy (diabetic kidney disease--DKD) is very important. This article is integrative, assessing the existent data about several possible risk factors for DKD. Because the age of onset and postpubertal duration of diabetes seems to be strongly correlated with DKD, it is feasible for puberty to be another independent risk factor. Data analysis regarding puberty and possible explanatory mechanisms to link it with DKD, as the connection with DKD of other situations, with special hormonal status (like pregnancy), is also part of this article. Summing up the data about hormonal status, we can conclude that ANF levels are a risk factor for diabetic nephropathy because they are implicated in diminution of urinary Na elimination and hypertension and subsequent urinary albumin excretion (UAE) in case of inadequate glycaemic control. The evidences regarding GH are indicating that it is a risk factor for DKD and that he is probably implicated in glomerular hypertrophy onset at puberty. The urinary elimination levels of GH are very strong correlated with UAE being putative early marker for DKD. Also the GH deficiency seems to be a protective mechanism for DKD apparition. GH is strongly correlated with IGF-1 that has very high urinary levels in microalbuminuric patients. These levels are very well related to UAE, kidney volume--important markers for glomerular hypertrophy. The evidences accumulated until now regarding the role of masculine gender, testosterone and estrogens in DKD are inarticulate.
Utility of micral test strips in screening for microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical utility of Micral strips for detection of microalbuminuria. DESIGN: One hundred three urine samples were tested by Micral strips for the presence of microalbuminuria, and the results were compared with the immunonephelometric method. SETTING: Endocrine diabetes clinic in a university-affiliated outpatient facility and the associated clinical laboratory. PATIENTS: Sixty-seven, 24-hour urine samples were obtained from 64 patients with diabetes. Thirty-six urine samples were obtained from normal controls; 22 of these were 24-hour samples and 14 were overnight samples. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Concordance of results obtained by the two methods for the presence or absence of microalbuminuria. RESULTS: All 36 control subjects and 44 urine samples from diabetic patients had normal albumin excretion (<15 mg/24 h) by the immunonephelometric method. Seventy-eight of these were correctly identified as negative by Micral strips, giving a specificity of 97.5%. There were 23 samples with albumin excretion of more than 16 mg/24 h. Sixteen of these were correctly identified, giving a sensitivity of 69.5%. There were 16 samples with albumin excretion of 30 mg/24 h or more; 14 of these were correctly identified by Micral strips, and two were false negatives, giving a sensitivity of 87.7%. However, when urine samples with albumin concentrations of less than 11 mg/L were excluded, the Micral strips correctly read 21 out of 23 samples, giving a sensitivity of 91.3%. CONCLUSIONS: The specificity of Micral strips for detection of albuminuria in 24-hour urine samples is high (97.5%), but the sensitivity is low, ranging from 69.5% to 87.7%. The sensitivity was greatly improved when urine samples with albumin concentrations of less than 11 mg/L were excluded.
Implications of microalbuminuria in diabetes.; Microalbuminuria is defined as small elevations of urinary albumin excretion not detected by conventional tests. It is associated with elevated arterial pressure, proliferative retinopathy, lipoprotein abnormalities and left ventricular hypertrophy and is predictive of later diabetic nephropathy. Improved glycaemic control and antihypertensive treatment lower urinary albumin excretion but it is not known whether these manoeuvres affect long-term outcome.
Multicenter evaluation of the Micral-Test II test strip, an immunologic rapid test for the detection of microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the performance of the Micral-Test II immunologic test strip for the detection of microalbuminuria, a multicenter evaluation in eight European study sites was performed. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using both the Micral-Test II test strip and the routine method for the determination of albumin concentration, we investigated 2,228 urine samples from diabetic patients. Additionally, interperson variability, color stability, and possible interfering factors (temperature, pH, leucocyturia, erythrocyturia, and drugs) were tested. RESULTS: For a cutoff concentration of 20 mg/l with respect to the routine methods, a sensitivity of 96.7% and a specificity of 71% were calculated for the Micral-Test II test strip. The negative predictive value was 0.95, and the positive predictive value was 0.78, with a prevalence of positive samples (laboratory method) of 52%. The interperson variability of color interpretation showed 93% concordant readings. The interference study showed an influence of oxytetracycline, leading to higher readings. There was no interference from pH. A sample temperature of < 10 degrees C led to lower readings. In the case of samples with massive leucocyturia and erythrocyturia that may delete the chromatographic process, waiting an additional 1-2 min is needed before reading. CONCLUSIONS: The results of the multicenter evaluation show that the Micral-Test II test strip permits an immediate and reliable semiquantitative determination of low albumin concentrations in urine samples with an almost user-independent color interpretation.
[Evaluation of the vascular endothelial growth factor in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes].; Diabetes type 1 is the chronic disease, leading to many acute and late complications. Pathogenesis of the late complications is not fully understood. Lately, growth factors, and especially vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) are gaining great interest as potential risk factors of late diabetic complications, mainly nephropathy and retinopathy The aim of the study was evaluation of the level of VEGF in children and adolescents with diabetes type 1, and searching for correlation between level of this cytokine and microangiopathy and metabolic control. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 68 young diabetic type patients were studied, aged 8-20 yrs (x = 15.54 yrs), suffering from diabetes type 1 from 2.3-16.5 yrs (x = 7.84 yrs), 34 boys, 34 girls. They were all under control of Outpatient Diabetic Department. Control group were healthy children, age and gender matched. Metabolic control was assessed on the basis of HbA1c level. All children underwent ophthalmology examination, microalbuminuria was evaluated in 24 hours urine samples. VEGF was estimated with use of immunoenzymatic method (RD Systems). RESULTS: In the study group we found: significantly higher levels of VEGF compared to control group (328.68 +/- 251.6 vs 132.19 +/- 85.51 pg/ml: p<0.05). We did not find any differences between genders in VEGF level. VEGF increases with diabetes duration time, and the highest values are in children with diabetes duration over 10 years, although the differences did not reach statistical significance. VEGF level was significantly higher in children with poor metabolic control of the disease (406.65 +/- 322.11 pg/ml vs 132.19 +/- 85.51 pg/ml; p<0.05). Patients with retinopathy had the highest level of VEGF, compared to children without complications. CONCLUSIONS: Assessment of VEGF level can be useful method in prognosis of diabetes microangiopathic complications. As microalbuminuria occurs relatively late in diabetic complications process, evaluation of VEGF may become a prognostic marker of the earliest phases of this complication.
Interest of Clinitek Microalbumin in screening for microalbuminuria: results of a multicentre study in 302 diabetic patients.; A prospective survey was performed in 302 consecutive diabetic outpatients from 3 French diabetic centres to study the sensitivity and specificity of screening for microalbuminuria using Clinitek Microalbumin. Urinary samples with positive (at least one +) proteinuria, hematuria, leucocyturia, or nitrates using the Multistix strip were excluded from the study. Results obtained with Clinitek Microalbumin were compared to those observed with the reference method of the biological laboratory of the centre on the same urinary sample. A positive result was defined as an albumin-to-creatinine ratio > or =30 mg/g. Results were described in terms of sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values and likelihood ratio. Agreement rates were compared with the Kappa test. In the study population, 48 patients (17%) had a positive microalbuminuria with reference assay. However, different rates were found in each site (25%, 11%, and 15%, respectively, p<0.001). Using the Clinitek Microalbumin, a positive result was found among 86 patients (29%), (39%, 26%, and 23%, respectively). A good agreement was observed in the population as a whole (81%, K=0.47 +/- 0.06) and in each site (77%, 81%, 84%, respectively). Sensitivity was 79% (82%, 80%, 75%), specificity 81% (76%, 81%, 85%), positive predictive value 46% (53%, 35%, 46%), negative predictive value 95% (93%, 97%, 95%), and positive likelihood ratio 4.2 (3.4, 4.3, 5.0, respectively). Due to the excellent negative predictive value, these results suggest that Clinitek Microalbumin is a good screening test for microalbuminuria. Positive results should be confirmed using a reference assay.
Urinary leucine aminopeptidase is a more sensitive indicator of early renal damage in non-insulin-dependent diabetics than microalbuminuria.; We measured urinary activity of leucine aminopeptidase (EC 3.4.11.2) and creatinine concentrations (Cr, in mmol) in samples of second morning urine from 25 healthy subjects and 59 non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDD) subjects. If NIDD subjects are grouped according to their Alb/Cr ratio into normoalbuminuria (group A, Alb/Cr < 2.8 mg/mmol), microalbuminuria (group B, Alb/Cr 2.8-26.8 mg/mmol), and macroalbuminuria (group C, Alb/Cr > 26.8 mg/mmol), LAP/Cr ratios in all three groups exceeded those for healthy age-matched controls. Moreover, this ratio was higher in group B than in group A. The value for LAP/Cr was clearly abnormal (i.e., exceeded the upper limit of normal, log normal + 2 SD, found in healthy subjects) in 44% of group A. In the first 10-year period Of NIDD, prevalance of abnormal LAP/Cr ratio was 61.3%, whereas that of microalbuminuria was 35.5%. We have also found a LAP/Cr ratio abnormality of 91% in group B. Evidently, LAP/Cr may be increased early in NIDD subjects and be a more sensitive predictor of incipient nephropathy than microalbuminuria.
The role of determining the levels of serum collagen type IV in diagnosing early diabetic nephropathy.; Two molecules of type IV collagen are linked via the COOH-terminal non-collagenous domain (NCI domain). In this way, type IV collagen forms the main framework of basement membrane. We have developed sandwich Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) for human serum type IV collage peptide monoclonals for CO5 and CO6 recognizing two different determinants on the central triplex of human collagen molecules. Using this, we explored the possibility that serum levels of type IV collagen (Col IV) are an indicator of early diabetic nephropathy (DN). Serum type IV collagen levels were determined by ELISA in 36 patients with diabetic nephropathy. Serum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and in twenty-four hour urinary albumin excretion rates (UAER) were measured at the same time. A relationship was found between serum levels of this collagen IV and the presence of diabetic nephropathy. That is, serum levels of type IV collagen in diabetic nephropathy were significantly higher than those found in non-insulin-dependent diabetic (NIDDM) patients without nephropathy and in healthy subjects (HS). It is possible that an elevated serum collagen type IV level reflects increased synthetic activity in basement membrane collagen type IV. Serum type IV collagen may be a useful marker for monitoring the dynamics of basement membrane metabolism and in this way serve as a clinical indicator of the progression or the activity of diabetic nephropathy and a marker for the assessment of therapeutic effects.
[Screening methods for microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus].; Persistent microalbuminuria indicates early development of nephropathy, cardiovascular disease and death in patients with diabetes mellitus. In this study morning urines from 189 diabetic patients were investigated with conventional dip sticks, microbumintest and quantitative measurements obtained by immunturbidimetry. Microbumintest has both a higher specificity and sensitivity compared to urinary dip sticks. The immune chemical method is less expensive and alternations in albumin excretion rate can be followed. Quantitative measurement with an immunchemical method is therefore recommended as screening method for microalbuminuria.
The prognostic significance of urinary albumin in Polynesians with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.; Polynesian (59 Maori and 30 Pacific Island) patients were identified from two diabetes clinic registers and followed for a mean of 4.8 years, in order to determine the prognostic significance of urinary albumin excretion. Events were defined as death or entry onto a renal replacement programme. Fourteen events occurred during the period of follow-up. Urinary albumin/creatinine ratio was treated as a continuous variable in a proportional hazards analysis. A 10-fold increase in albumin/creatinine ratio was associated with a 5-fold increase in the risk of an event (95% C.I. = 2.05-12.09). In conclusion, elevated urinary albumin/creatinine predicted mortality and renal morbidity in Maori and Pacific Island patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Hypertension-based clinical risk strategies for detecting microalbuminuria in diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria screening to identify patients at risk of diabetic nephropathy is widely accepted. AIM: To investigate whether blood-pressure-based strategies can identify such patients without the need for microalbuminuria testing. METHODS: Spot urine for albumin/creatinine ratios was performed in all patients over an 18-month period. The performance of four combinations of clinical models, based on existing triggers for anti-hypertensive intervention (prior use and/or existing systolic BP exceeding 140 or 160 mmHg and/or dipstick proteinuria exceeding 1+ or 2+) was evaluated at microalbuminuria thresholds of 3.5 and 10 mg/mmol. The models were ranked 1 to 4, based on their escalating relative strengths in predicting need for intervention. RESULTS: Of 3748 patients, 1257 (34%) or 739 (20%) exceeded microalbuminuria thresholds of 3.5 or 10 mg/mmol. All four models predicted microalbuminuria risk (areas under ROC curves 0.60-0.77, all p < 0.001). The models (1-4) identified 2220, 2465, 2803 or 2937 for intervention, respectively, irrespective of microalbuminuria status, and missed 368, 232, 194 or 126 at 3.5 mg/mmol and 164, 87, 81 or 45 at 10 mg/mmol. DISCUSSION: Clinical models using routinely measured parameters reduced the target population for microalbuminuria screening by 60-80%, missing 3-10% of patients with albumin/creatinine ratios exceeding 3.5 mg/mmol or 1-4% of those exceeding 10 mg/mmol.
Assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.; Microalbuminuria assessment is essential for diagnosing incipient nephropathy in diabetic patients. The present study aim to evaluate whether urinary albumin concentration (UAC) and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) agree with 24 h urine collection in screening for albuminuria > 30 mg/24 h in type 1 and 2 diabetics. In this cross-sectional study were evaluated 293 diabetic patients (117 type 1 and 176 type 2). Albuminuria was determined by turbidimetric immunoassay. The best discriminator value was 22 mg/l (sensitivity 82.5%, specificity 74.0%) for UAC and 27.3 mg/g creatinine (sensitivity 83.3%, specificity 80.9%) for UACR. Areas under ROC curves were 0.868 and 0.878, respectively (p = 0.53). Lower discriminators as 10 mg/l (sensitivity 94.2%, specificity 48.6%) and 10 mg/g creatinine (sensitivity 96.7%, specificity 49.1%) attained high sensitivities. UAC and UACR from spot morning urine had similar accuracy in screening microalbuminuria. The simplicity and lower cost of UAC justifies its preferential clinical use.
Glycemic control and prognosis in type I diabetic patients with microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the course of microalbuminuria during the 1980s in type I diabetes patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a 10-year follow-up of 109 patients in whom type I diabetes was diagnosed between 1961 and 1980 before 15 years of age and who were initially investigated between 1977 and 1983 after a diabetes duration of > or = 3 years. Microalbuminuria was defined as an albumin excretion rate (AER) of 20-200 micrograms/min in two of three consecutive urine samples. RESULTS: At the initial investigation, 81 patients had normal AER, 27 had microalbuminuria, and 1 had macroalbuminuria. Between 1989 and 1992, 99 (91%) patients were reinvestigated. Only 5 (19%) of the initially microalbuminuric patients developed macroproteinuria during the 10-year follow-up period, and in 15 (58%) patients, AER decreased to normal. Three (4%) of the normoalbuminuric patients developed microalbuminuria but none macroproteinuria. The initially microalbuminuric patients, in whom AER normalized, improved their glycemic control from 1980-1983 to 1989-1991 (mean +/- SE HbA1c 7.5 +/- 0.2 to 6.6 +/- 0.3%; P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In the majority of patients with microalbuminuria in whom it is possible to obtain good glycemic control, microalbuminuria will disappear and the risk of developing nephropathy will be markedly reduced.
Assessment of Micral-Test microalbuminuria test strip in the laboratory and in diabetic outpatients.; We have evaluated a semi-quantitative dry immunochemical screening method (Micral-Test) for the detection of low concentrations of albumin in urine. The stability of Micral-Test strips on storage was good, especially with regard to temperature, light and humidity. Changes in urine osmolality (urea and creatinine concentration), pH and sodium and potassium concentration did not have a significant analytical effect on the Micral-Test measurement; extremes of temperature altered the rate of colour development. The depth of dipping the strip into the sample and the timing of reading colour development were critical. We measured the albumin concentration in 184 urine samples from diabetic outpatients by the Micral-Test and by our in-house immunoturbidimetric method; a Micral-Test result of 20 mg/L had a sensitivity of 91% and specificity of 97% to predict a discriminating urine albumin concentration greater than 30 mg/L by the in house method. The Micral-Test is suitable for use by non-laboratory personnel and is capable of producing analytically acceptable results for use in diabetes clinics and by general practitioners.
Nocturnal blood pressure fall as predictor of diabetic nephropathy in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive patients with reduced blood pressure fall (BPF) at night are at higher risk of cardiovascular events (CVE). METHODS: We evaluated in hypertensive diabetic patients, if a reduced nocturnal BPF can precedes the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). We followed 70 patients with normal urinary albumin excretion (UAE) for two years. We performed 24-hours ambulatory BP monitoring in baseline and at the end of the study. RESULTS: Fourteen (20%) patients (GI) developed DN (N = 11) and/or CVE (n = 4). Compared to the remaining 56 patients (GII) in baseline, GI had similar diurnal systolic (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP), but higher nocturnal SBP (138 +/- 15 vs 129 +/- 16 mmHg; p < 0.05) and DBP (83 +/- 12 vs 75 +/- 11 mmHg; p < 0,05). Basal nocturnal SBP correlated with occurrence of DN and CVE (R = 0.26; P < 0.05) and with UAE at the end of the study (r = 0.3; p < 0.05). Basal BPF (%) correlated with final UAE (r = -0.31; p < 0.05). In patients who developed DN, reductions occurred in nocturnal systolic BPF (12 +/- 5 vs 3 +/- 6%, p < 0,01) and diastolic BPF (15 +/- 8 vs 4 +/- 10%, p < 0,01) while no changes were observed in diurnal SBP (153 +/- 17 vs 156 +/- 16 mmHg, NS) and DBP (91 +/- 9 vs 90 +/- 7 mmHg, NS). Patients with final UAE < 20 microg/min, had no changes in nocturnal and diurnal BP. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggests that elevations in nocturnal BP precedes DN and increases the risk to develop CVE in hypertensive patients with T2DM.
[Comparison of 3 methods of measurement of blood pressure in insulin-dependent diabetic patients with or without incipient diabetic nephropathy].; Incipient diabetic nephropathy is characterized by a urinary albumin excretion (UAE) between 30-300 mg/24 h and a slightly elevated blood pressure. We measured blood pressure in 14 insulin-dependent diabetic subjects (IDDs) with persistent microalbuminuria (group A) and 50 IDDs with persistent normoalbuminuria (group B) using 3 different methods: 1) Sphygmomanometer, by a nurse, on supine position since 10 min, on the third day of hospitalization; 2) automatic device (Dinamap), on supine position, every 5 min, during 30 min; 3) ambulatory blood pressure (Spacelab 90202 every 15 min between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m.; values obtained with this last method were compared to the mean values of healthy subjects of same age. Recorded UAE was the median value of 3 twenty-four-hours urines. Blood pressure was not different among the two groups with any of the three methods: 1) SBP/DBP A: 136 +/- 14/81 +/- 9 vs B: 131 +/- 13/78 +/- 8 mmHg; ns; 2) SBP/MBP/DBP A: 134 +/- 17/96 +/- 12/79 +/- 10 vs B: 127 +/- 13/90 +/- 10/74 +/- 10 mmHg; ns; 3) A: 132 +/- 12/97 +/- 11/84 +/- 9 vs B: 127 +/- 11/91 +/- 9/82 +/- 12 mmHg; ns. There were no concordance between microalbuminuria/normoalbuminuria and systolic or diastolic blood pressure higher/lower than the mean of the healthy subjects (X2 = 1.6; ns). However, UAE was significantly related to MBP measured with 1): r = 0.29; p = 0.027, but not with 2): r = 0.24; ns, nor with 3): r = 0.26; ns. These results suggest that: 1-blood pressure of IDDs should be measured in standardized conditions; 2-diurnal ambulatory blood pressure recording does not predict incipient nephropathy in these subjects.
[Cytokines in noninvasive diagnostics of diabetic nephropathy progression].; Diabetic nephropathy is major long-term complication of diabetes mellitus a social and civilization-related disease. At present, the most sensitive and non-invasive indicator of the progression of diabetic nephropathy is microalbuminuria. Morphological features such as accumulation of extracellular matrix proteins, thickening of glomerules' basement membranes are prior to microalbuminuria. The aim of our clinical study was to establish whether urine and serum TGF-beta 1 and IL-6 levels may be significant in prognosing and evaluating a risk for developing diabetic nephropathy. The trial was carried out in 68 patients with type II diabetes mellitus and a group of 10 healthy subjects served as control. Urine and serum TGF-beta 1 concentrations were evaluated, as well as, basic laboratory parameters. After one-year-observation serum creatinine level and microalbuminuria value were investigated in 60 patients with type II diabetes mellitus. In patients with type II diabetes mellitus both urine and serum TGF-beta 1 and IL-6 were elevated. After one-year-observation of patients with type II diabetes mellitus it was established that the increase of serum creatinine concentrations values were higher in those patients, whose initial TGF-beta 1 levels exceeded normal values. A positive correlation between urine TGF-beta 1 level and the progression of renal failure measured by the increase of serum creatinine level was observed. In conclusion, our findings indicate that urine TGF-beta 1 and IL-6 levels may be a good prognostic factor of the development of diabetic nephropathy in the course of diabetes mellitus.
Enhanced erythrocyte Na+/H+ exchange predicts diabetic nephropathy in patients with IDDM.; Diabetic nephropathy develops in a subset of patients with an apparently hereditary predisposition. Microalbuminuria and elevated arterial pressure have been proposed as predictors of nephropathy but both appear when renal damage is impending. Enhanced sodium-hydrogen exchange in the cell membranes of diabetic patients is an early marker of diabetic nephropathy but its predictive value has not been assessed. In this study, sodium-hydrogen exchange was measured in erythrocytes as an initial velocity of amiloride-inhibited H+ efflux (pH 6.35-6.45) into a Na+ - containing medium (pH 7.95-8.05) in 156 non-microalbuminuric insulin-treated diabetic patients (98 women, 58 men, age 33+/-8 years, diabetes duration prior to enrollment 15+/-4 years) during 8 years of follow-up. Enhanced erythrocyte sodium-hydrogen exchange predicted diabetic nephropathy alone and in association with a familial tendency to hypertension/nephropathy with 86 and 96% sensitivity, and 80% specificity. Thus, sodium-hydrogen exchange appears to detect a subset of diabetic patients prone to develop renal damage, in whom a more intensive treatment modality might be considered.
[Nephropathy and microalbuminuria in type II diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To study the population receiving care to find the prevalence of diabetic Nephropathy (DNP) and its association with possible risk factors in type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. DESIGN: A descriptive crossover study. SETTING: An urban health district with an aged and socio-economically depressed population. PATIENTS: Randomised sampling among the health district's registered diabetics (n = 198). MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Among other parameters, the values of Proteinuria and Microalbuminuria in 24 hour's urine and of serum Creatinine were analysed. On the basis of these values the four stages of DNP were established: I) Normality, II) Microalbuminuria, III) Proteinuria, IV) Renal failure. The prevalences recorded were 33.8%, 51%, 11.1% and 4%, respectively. Also studied was the value of Microalbuminuria measured at random by reactive strips dipped in urine, which displayed 78% sensitivity and 68% specificity. The most notable of the DNP risk factors were how long the DM had evolved (p = 0.005). Age (p = 0.02), the value of the glucosilated haemoglobin (p = 0.03) and of the triglycerides (p = 0.03) were also related factors. On analysing the association of DNP with other chronic complications of DM, a statistical relationship to the presence of Retinopathy (p < 0.001) and peripheric Vasculopathy (p < 0.001) was observed. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of some stage of DNP among the type 2 DM population is very common. Only 33.8% of the sample was normal regarding the urinary excretion of proteins. Microalbuminuria quantified at random with reactive strips has low specificity. The highest risk factor for DNP is the length of the DM's evolution, with age and metabolic control of the disease also being important.
How different urinary albumin excretion rates can predict progression to nephropathy and the effect of treatment in hypertensive diabetics.; HYPOTHESIS: The efficacy of a treatment in a clinical trial depends in part on where the cut-off point is placed for the test result used to select patients for the trial, and this applies to irbesartan in the Irbesartan Microalbuminuria II (IRMA II) trial for preventing nephropathy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients in the IRMA II trial were stratified into different pre-treatment albumin excretion rate (AER) ranges to compare the proportion of patients starting in these different ranges (i) that progressed to develop nephropathy within 24 months and (ii) whose AER was over 40 microg/minute at three months. RESULTS: The proportion of patients with pre-treatment AER values between 20 and 40 microg/minute progressing to develop nephropathy was 1.25% in the placebo group and 0.78% in the irbesartan group, while for pre-treatment AER values between 41 and 200 microg/minute, 24.4% and 11.2% develop nephropathy respectively in the placebo and irbesartan groups. In patients with a pre-treatment AER of 20 to 30 microg/minute, 32.5% and 13.6% respectively in the placebo and irbesartan groups had a value exceeding 40 microg/minute at three months. CONCLUSIONS: The data demonstrate that irbesartan is effective in reducing the onset of nephropathy within two years when the pre-treatment AER is above 40 microg/minute, but if the AER is below this level it progresses unusually to nephropathy within two years. Irbesartan also slows progression of AER to over 40 microg/minute for patients with pre-treatment AER values at or above 20 microg/minute and these patients should be treated.
[A study on inactive renin in the plasma of patients with diabetes mellitus].; Plasma inactive renin concentration (IRC) was determined in 92 diabetic patients with or without chronic diabetic complications, 23 non-diabetic patients with renal failure and 36 normal subjects. IRC of the diabetics was higher than that of normal persons. With the Pearson's correlation analysis, IRC of the diabetics correlated with duration of diabetes, degrees of chronic complications (nephropathy, retinopathy and neuropathy), but not with age of patient, HbA1c or mean blood pressure. The stepwise logistic analysis revealed the relation of neuropathy to mean blood pressure, serum creatinine concentration and duration of diabetes, retinopathy to mean blood pressure, duration of diabetes and serum beta 2-microglobulin and nephropathy to IRC and urinary NAG/Cr ratio. In addition, IRC was dependent on nephropathy but not on retinopathy or neuropathy. IRC in diabetics was high even in diabetics without albuminuria (group I) and significantly increased in diabetics with albuminuria but without increased serum creatinine level (group II) and more marked high levels were observed in diabetics with increased serum creatinine concentrations (group III). However, IRC of the non-diabetic patients with renal failure was not elevated, therefore, the increased IRC in nephropathy is likely to be specific to diabetic nephropathy. The correlation of other factors to increased IRC level seem to be due to nephropathy concomitant to these factors. Therefore, the increased level of IRC in diabetics is intimately connected to renal change in diabetes but whether it is the cause or result of nephropathy remains to be elucidated. It is concluded that the determination of IRC in diabetic patients was an effective means of assessment or forecast of nephropathy.
[Evaluation of a qualitative test for the demonstration of microalbuminuria].; ALBU SCREEN is a commercial latex inhibition agglutination slide test to detect subclinical elevation of urinary albumin (microalbuminuria). We have appraised two different lots of latex with a sensitivity of 30 and 20 mg/l respectively. The results were compared to immunonephelemetric measurements of urinary albumin. 195 diabetic subjects urines (24 hours) were tested. 182 patients are well placed with the latex test (38 positive and 144 negative). This test could be an interesting substitute to the usual dipstick techniques, to look after potential nephropathic diabetic patients.
Identifying patients with incipient diabetic nephropathy. Should 24-hour urine collections be used?; It is not clear whether 24-hour or overnight urine collections should be used to identify patients with incipient diabetic nephropathy (defined as persistent urinary albumin excretion rate [AER] of 20 to 200 micrograms/min). We therefore studied diurnal variations in AER in type I diabetics with normal AER (n = 16) and incipient (n = 12) and clinical (defined as persistent AER greater than 200 micrograms/min) nephropathy (n = 12), and in healthy controls (n = 24). In all groups AER was lowest at night. In some patients of all groups, marked diurnal variations were observed. Twenty-four-hour urine collections classified all patients correctly. Overnight urine collections, however, misclassified patients with incipient nephropathy as having normal AER in 4 of 12, 7 of 12, or 3 of 7 cases, depending on which cutoff level was used. We conclude that 24-hour urine collections are more sensitive than overnight samples in identifying patients with incipient diabetic nephropathy.
Decrease of glomerular hyperfiltration in short-term diabetic adolescents without microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: This study has been designed to follow prospectively the GFR and UAE of young patients with short-term IDDM and normal UAE. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 19 patients with glomerular hyperfiltration and 19 patients with normal GFR, matched for duration of diabetes and age. GFR has been assessed by radioisotopic tracer and UAE by RIA at the beginning of the study and after 30.5 +/- 10.4 mo of follow-up. RESULTS: GFR decreased in the two groups btt delta GFR of patients with glomerular hyperfiltration was greater than delta GFR of patients with normal GFR (0.83 +/- 0.55 vs. 0.28 +/- 0.63 ml.min-1.mo-1; P < 0.01). UAE, BP, and prevalence of microalbuminuria were comparable between the two groups at follow-up. Rate of fall of GFR was positively correlated with initial GFR (r = 0.59, P < 0.001) but not with initial UAE, BP, or changes in HbA1C, UAE, BP, or pubertal development during follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Investigation of kidney function in children and adolescents with IDDM over a 3-yr follow-up period shows that glomerular hyperfiltration is characterized by a greater decline in GFR without an increased rate of appearance of microalbuminuria, than in patients with normal GFR.
[The clinical significance of detection of urinary ceruloplasmin in type 2 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical significance of detection of urinary ceruloplasmin (Cp) in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: To measure albumin/creatinine(Alb/Cr) and Cp/Cr in morning urinary specimens, from 134 normal controls and 3 960 diabetes, with RIA and ELISA separately. RESULTS: (1) The range of urinary Cp/Cr for normal controls was 0.01 - 1.12 ng/mmol, median 0.36 ng/mmol. Cp/Cr > 0.924 ng/mmol was considered as abnormal, and there was no significant difference between males and females, as well as among subjects of different age. (2) The sensitivity and specificity of Cp/Cr were 90% and 66% respectively with Alb/Cr > 2.5 mg/mmol as a golden standard for diabetic nephropathy, and Kappa value 0.48. Urinary Cp/Cr correlated well with Alb/Cr. (3)After sub-maximal exercise, Cp/Cr elevated markedly with no significant change of Alb/Cr. CONCLUSION: Urinary Cp/Cr could be considered as a marker of diabetic nephropathy and might be more sensitive than Alb/Cr.
[Diabetes, hypertension and microalbuminuria in primary care].; Microalbuminuria has been widely appreciated in recent years to be a valuable risk marker for an increased cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. Thus guidelines for the treatment of type-2-diabetes in Germany and the US recommend an annual screening as soon as the diagnosis of diabetes is established and a quarterly control when microalbuminuria is present. While nationally representative epidemiologic data from the US have been available, data from Germany, especially from the primary care sector are missing. This is especially important in light of the gatekeeper function of the primary care physician. The "Hypertension and Diabetes Risk Screening Study" (HYDRA) has been identifying 37.8% of patients with hypertension and diabetes to have a positive dipstick test for microalbuminuria on the study day while only 12.5% of these are diagnosed by the doctor as having nephropathy. These patients additionally show a high burden of associated comorbidities and thus call for early detection and intervention especially because effective therapy is available. Although screening for microalbuminuria is recommended in the guidelines the value of a routine screening for microalbuminuria in primary care is under recognized.
[The detection of microalbuminuria by using a recombinant albumin receptor].; Methods of ELISA competitive binding and blotting on nitrocellulose membranes were developed for detecting microalbuminuria in diabetic nephropathy. These methods are based on the use of recombinant albumin receptor. They are highly specific and sensitive and are recommended for everyday clinical use.
[Evaluation of a strip test (Micral test) for the semi-quantitative assessment of microalbuminuria in clinical practice].; Microalbuminuria (AER 20-200 micrograms/min) is the earliest clinical sign of incipient diabetic nephropathy. Current methods for measuring urinary albumin are not suitable for use in an office setting. A test strip (Micral-Test, Boehringer Mannheim [D]) based on immunochemical principles has recently been developed which allows semiquantitative detection of urinary albumin concentrations. In this study Micral-Test results were compared with conventional immunoturbidimetric laboratory measurement. 65 single-void urine samples of diabetic patients were analyzed (38 type 1, 27 type 2). Urinary albumin values as obtained from Micral-Test and laboratory measurement showed a significant correlation (r = 0.85, p less than 0.001). An interclass correlation was performed for normal urinary albumin values (less than 20 micrograms/ml) and for microalbuminuric values (20-200 micrograms/ml) and resulted in correlation coefficients of 0.56 and 0.81 respectively. Interindividual variation was checked by three observers reading the same 13 urine samples. The values obtained from the three observers correlated significantly (r greater than 0.95, p less than 0.001). The test strip must be evaluated after precisely 5 minutes in order to avoid false pathological results. In conclusion, the Micral-Test is a good screening method for easy and quick detection of microalbuminuria in an office setting.
[Nephropathy: an overview for daily practice].; The examination of renal function in the daily practice may give important information on the risk status of a given patient. For example, the diagnosis of microalbuminuria carries high predictive value for a future cardiovascular risk of patients with hypertension, diabetes, congestive heart failure, as well as myocardial infarction. The findings of the Hypertension and Diabetes Screening and Awareness Study (HYDRA) indicate that screening for microalbuminuria is performed not often enough in patients with diabetes or hypertension, respectively, and a positive screening finding often does not trigger necessary consequences as for additional diagnosis or therapy.
[Evaluation of a new immunoturbidimetry technique for measuring microalbuminuria].; Subclinical elevation of urinary albumin excretion is a good predictor of later clinical proteinuria. A simple, sensitive and rapid immunoturbidimetric method was developed to quantify urinary albumin excretion (URIN-PAK ImmunoMICRO LAB, Miles Italia Spa). In the presence of polyethylene glycol 6000, immunocomplex between human albumin and its specific antibody are rapidly formed (5-50 min, at room temperature). Absorbance reading are mode U 340 nm (Automatic Analyzer RA 1000, Technicon). The test is specific for albumin failing to cross react with other plasma proteins present in urine, as well as with glibenclamide, chlorpropamide, phenformin, hemoglobin, glucose, urea and thymol. The present method correlates with SCLAVO H-ALBUMIN RIA Kit (r = 0.9917). The test is suitable for clinical use.
Microalbuminuria in diabetic patients: relationship to lipid, glyco-metabolic, coagulation and fibrinolysis parameters.; One hundred and sixteen insulin treated diabetic patients were evaluated for the relationship between the presence of microalbuminuria and several lipid, glyco-metabolic, coagulation and fibrinolysis factors. A significant correlation existed only between microalbuminuria and HbA1c (r = 0.23, p = 0.008) and D-dimer (r = 0.28, p = 0.002). After the subdivision of the patients in a group without (n = 85) and a group with microalbuminuria (n = 31) significant differences were found between these two groups for the HDL-cholesterol content (p less than 0.05), the HbA1c level (p less than 0.01) and for the D-dimer concentration (p less than 0.01). Comparison of the patient groups without and with microalbuminuria separately with a healthy volunteers group without albuminuria resulted in significant differences for HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, HbA1c, fructosamine, fibrin monomer and D-dimer, whereas fibrinogen also was significantly different between the diabetic group without microalbuminuria and the healthy volunteers group. Several factors predisposing for atherosclerosis (decrease of HDL-cholesterol, increase of triacylglycerols, coagulation activation with relatively insufficient fibrinolysis) were noticed in both diabetic groups without or with microalbuminuria, but more pronounced in the latter group. The appliance of a Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve for HbA1c against microalbuminuria (cut-off level 20 micrograms/min) reconfirmed the value of adequate glycaemic control in diabetics for the prevention of microalbuminuria. In conclusion the results of this study show a significantly poorer glycaemic control in insulin treated diabetics with microalbuminuria than in those without microalbuminuria. The presence of lower HDL-cholesterol, higher triacylglycerols and the elevation of fibrin monomers and D-dimers is more pronounced in the microalbuminuria group.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
HbA(1c) variability and the development of microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetes: Tsukuba Kawai Diabetes Registry 2.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to examine the association between HbA(1c) variability and the development of microalbuminuria as defined by an albumin/creatinine ratio ≥ 3.4 mg/mmol (≥ 30 mg/g) in at least two of three consecutive urine samples in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: HbA(1c) level was measured in 812 serially registered normoalbuminuric adults aged 21-79 years with type 2 diabetes. After registration, a 1-year period to establish baseline values for mean HbA(1c) and HbA(1c) variability (measured as the intrapersonal SD of serially collected HbA(1c)) was decided upon. The association between HbA(1c) variability and the development of microalbuminuria was determined by Cox regression analysis after adjustment for other risk factors for microalbuminuria. RESULTS: Microalbuminuria occurred in 193 patients during the observation period of (mean ± SD) 4.3 ± 2.7 years. Even after adjustment for mean HbA(1c), HbA(1c) variability was a significant predictor of microalbuminuria independently of the mean HbA(1c); the HR for every 1% (95% CI) increase in mean HbA(1c) was 1.22 (1.06, 1.40) (p = 0.005), and that for HbA(1c) variability was 1.35 (1.05, 1.72) (p = 0.019). The effects of these two variables were quite similar when 1 SD was used; the HR for every 1 SD increase (95% CI) in HbA(1c) was 1.23 (1.07, 1.43) (p = 0.005), and that for HbA(1c) variability was 1.20 (1.03, 1.39) (p = 0.019). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: HbA(1c) variability affects the development of microalbuminuria independently of mean HbA(1c) in type 2 diabetes. Further studies should be performed to evaluate the influence of HbA(1c) variability on other complications and in individuals of other ethnicities with type 2 diabetes.
Prediction of cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy, and mortality by albumin concentration in a spot urine sample in patients with type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: To analyze in a random urine spot the predictive value of urinary albumin concentration (UAC) for cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy (DN), and death in patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In this cohort, urinary albumin (immunoturbidimetry) was measured as 24-h urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and, in a random spot urine, as UAC and albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). Primary outcomes were: 1) cardiovascular events, 2) DN defined as a composite outcome [macroalbuminuria and/or decreased glomerular filtration rate (GFR) <60 ml/min/1.73 m²], and 3) death. RESULTS: A total of 199 type 2 diabetic patients, aged 59.9 ± 9.9 years, were followed for 6.1 ± 2.7 years. UAC ≥14.4 mg/l, as determined by ROC curve, predicted DN and prediction for this and other outcomes were compared with traditional microalbuminuria cutoffs for ACR and UAE. The outcomes frequency was: cardiovascular events = 26.4%, DN = 31.7% (23.5% decreased GFR; 13.6% macroalbuminuria) and death = 8.50%. In Cox analyses, UAC ≥14 mg/l increased the risk (hazard ratio, HR) for cardiovascular events 3.25 times (95% CI 1.43-7.38; P = 0.005), 4.30 for DN composite outcome (95% CI 2.22-8.32; P <0.001), and 5.51 for death (95% CI 1.16-26.22; P = 0.032). Corresponding HRs of ACR ≥30 mg/g were: 2.89 (95% CI 1.29-6.45; P = 0.009) for cardiovascular events, 4.67 (95% CI 2.34-9.34; P <0.001) for DN composite outcome and 5.07 (95% CI 1.01-24.88; P = 0.049) for death. HRs of UAE ≥30 mg/24-h were: 2.20 (95% CI 2.08-2.49; P = 0.030) for cardiovascular events, 6.76 (95% CI 3.32-13.77; P <0.001) for DN composite outcome, and 2.47 (95% CI 0.72-8.42; P = 0.150) for death. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, random UAC ≥14 mg/l predicted cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy, and mortality just as well as ACR. UAC may be used to assess cardiovascular and renal risks in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Severely increased albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with increased subclinical atherosclerosis in femoral arteries with Na [(18)F]F activity as a proxy - The DETERMINE study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Sodium [(18)F]fluoride (Na [(18)F]F) positron emission tomography imaging allows detailed visualization of early arterial micro-calcifications. This study aims to investigate atherosclerosis manifested by micro-calcification, macro-calcification, and aortic stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) with and without albuminuria and severely decreased kidney function. METHODS: A cohort was stratified in four groups (N = 10 per group), based on KDIGO categories (G1-5 A1-3). G1-2A1 non-diabetic controls (median [IQR] estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in mL/min/1.73 m(2) 91 [81-104]), G1-2A1 with T2DM (eGFR 87 [84-93], and albumin-creatinin-ratio (ACR) in mg/mmol 0.35 [0.25-0.75]), G1-2A3 with T2DM (eGFR 85 [60-103], and ACR 74 [62-122], and G4A3 with T2DM (eGFR 19 [13-27] and ACR 131 [59-304]). RESULTS: Na [(18)F]F femoral artery grading score differed significantly in the groups with the highest Na [(18)F]F activity in A3 groups with T2DM (G1-2A3 with T2DM 228 [100-446] and G4A3 with T2DM 198 [113-578]) from the lowest groups of the G1-2A1 with T2DM (33 [0-93]) and in G1-2A1 non-diabetic controls (75 [0-200], p = 0.001). Aortic Na [(18)F]F activity and femoral artery computed tomography (CT)-assessed macro-calcification was increased in G4A3 with T2DM compared with G1-2A1 with T2DM (47.5 [33.8-73.8] vs. 17.5 [8.8-27.5] (p = 0.006) and 291 [170-511] vs. 12.2 [1.41-44.3] mg (p = 0.032), respectively). Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV)-assessed aortic stiffness was significantly higher in both A3 groups with T2DM compared with G1-2A1 with T2DM (11.15 and 12.35 vs. 8.86 m/s, respectively (p = 0.009)). CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that the presence of severely increased albuminuria in patients with T2DM is cross-sectionally associated with subclinical arterial disease in terms of micro-calcification and aortic stiffness. Additional decrease in kidney function was associated with advanced macro-calcifications.
von Willebrand factor (vWf) as a plasma marker of endothelial activation in diabetes: improved reliability with parallel determination of the vWf propeptide (vWf:AgII).; Elevated plasma von Willebrand factor (vWf) levels are found in diabetes and other vasculopathies, and predict cardiovascular mortality. vWf is stored and released from endothelial cell secretory granules, along with equimolar amounts of its propeptide (vWf:AgII). In the present study, we examined plasma propeptide levels as a marker of endothelial secretion in vivo, using an ELISA based on monoclonal antibodies. vWf but not propeptide levels are influenced by blood groups, explaining in part the smaller variation in plasma propeptide levels among normal individuals. In both controls and insulin-dependent diabetic patients, we found a close correlation between propeptide and immunoreactive vWf levels (r2=0.54, p <0.0001). vWf and propeptide were elevated in patient subgroups with microalbuminuria or overt diabetic nephropathy, whereas only the propeptide was significantly elevated in the normoalbuminuric subgroup. This observation suggests that in conjunction with vWf, propeptide measurements may improve the identification of endothelial activation, which occurs frequently even without increased urinary albumin excretion. In 12 NIDDM patients, a 3-week diet enriched in monounsaturated fat (MUFA) resulted in parallel decreases in vWf (-22%, p <0.05) and propeptide (-17%, p <0.05) levels, indicating that the experimental diet affected endothelial secretion rather than vWf catabolism. A carbohydrate-enriched control diet did not significantly influence either marker. Our results suggest that concomitant determinations of plasma vWf and propeptide are useful tools to assess endothelial activation in vivo, and reinforce our previous conclusion that a diet rich in MUFA can improve endothelial function in NIDDM.
Molecular profiling of diabetic mouse kidney reveals novel genes linked to glomerular disease.; To describe gene expression changes that characterize the development of diabetic nephropathy, we performed microarray and phenotype analysis on kidneys from db/db mice (a model of type 2 diabetes), streptozotocin-induced diabetic C57BL/6J mice (a model of type 1 diabetes), and nondiabetic controls. Statistical comparisons were implemented based on phenotypic outcome characteristics of the animals. We used weighted vote-based supervised analytical methods to find genes whose expression can classify samples based on the presence or absence of mesangial matrix expansion, the best indicator for the development of end-stage renal disease in humans. We identified hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-3beta isotype 4 and osteopontin as lead classifier genes in relation to the mesangial matrix expansion phenotype. We used the expression levels of these genes in the kidney to classify a separate group of animals for the absence or presence of diabetic glomerulopathy with a high degree of precision. Immunohistochemical analysis of murine and human diabetic kidney samples showed that both markers were expressed in podocytes in the glomeruli and followed regulation similar to that observed in the microarray. The application of phenotype-based statistical modeling approaches has led to the identification of new markers for the development of diabetic kidney disease.
Early urinary markers of diabetic kidney disease: a nested case-control study from the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT).; BACKGROUND: Urinary markers were tested as predictors of macroalbuminuria or microalbuminuria in patients with type 1 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Nested case-control of participants in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT). SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 87 cases of microalbuminuria were matched to 174 controls in a 1:2 ratio, while 4 cases were matched to 4 controls in a 1:1 ratio, resulting in 91 cases and 178 controls for microalbuminuria. 55 cases of macroalbuminuria were matched to 110 controls in a 1:2 ratio. Controls were free of micro-/macroalbuminuria when their matching case first developed micro-/macroalbuminuria. PREDICTORS: Urinary N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase (NAG), pentosidine, advanced glycation end product (AGE) fluorescence, and albumin excretion rate (AER). OUTCOMES: Incident microalbuminuria (2 consecutive annual AERs > 40 but < or = 300 mg/d) or macroalbuminuria (AER > 300 mg/d). MEASUREMENTS: Stored urine samples from DCCT entry and 1-9 years later when macro- or microalbuminuria occurred were measured for the lysosomal enzyme NAG and the AGE pentosidine and AGE fluorescence. AER and adjustor variables were obtained from the DCCT. RESULTS: Submicroalbuminuric AER levels at baseline independently predicted microalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.83; P < 0.001) and macroalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.82; P < 0.001). Baseline NAG excretion independently predicted macroalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 2.26; P < 0.001) and microalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.86; P < 0.001). Baseline pentosidine excretion predicted macroalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 6.89; P = 0.002). Baseline AGE fluorescence predicted microalbuminuria (adjusted OR, 1.68; P = 0.02). However, adjusted for NAG excretion, pentosidine excretion and AGE fluorescence lost the predictive association with macroalbuminuria and microalbuminuria, respectively. LIMITATIONS: Use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors was not directly ascertained, although their use was proscribed during the DCCT. CONCLUSIONS: Early in type 1 diabetes, repeated measurements of AER and urinary NAG excretion may identify individuals susceptible to future diabetic nephropathy. Combining the 2 markers may yield a better predictive model than either one alone. Renal tubule stress may be more severe, reflecting abnormal renal tubule processing of AGE-modified proteins, in individuals susceptible to diabetic nephropathy.
A New Cutoff for Abnormal Proteinuria in Diabetes Mellitus Patients: Relationship to Albuminuria.; BACKGROUND: Proteinuria and albuminuria are markers of kidney injury and function, serving as a screening test as well as a means of assessing the degree of kidney injury and risk for cardiovascular disease and death in both the diabetic and the non-diabetic general population. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the association between proteinuria below 300 mg/24 hours and albuminuria, as well as a possible association with kidney function in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: The medical files of patients with type 1 and type 2 DM with proteinuria below 300 mg/24 hours at three different visits to the Diabetic Nephropathy Clinic were screened. This involved 245 patient files and 723 visits. The data collected included demographics; protein, albumin and creatinine levels in urine collections; blood biochemistry; and clinical and treatment data. RESULTS: The association between proteinuria and albuminuria is non-linear. However, proteinuria in the range of 162-300 mg/24 hours was found to be linearly and significantly correlated to albuminuria (P < 0.001, r = 0.58). Proteinuria cutoff, based on albuminuria cutoff of 30 mg/24 hours, was found to be 160.5 mg/24 hr. Body mass index (BMI) was the sole independent predictor of proteinuria above 160.5 mg/24 hr. Changes in albuminuria, but not proteinuria, were associated with changes in creatinine clearance. CONCLUSIONS: A new cutoff value of 160.5 mg/hr was set empirically, for the first time, for abnormal proteinuria in diabetic patients. It appears that proteinuria below 300 mg/24 hr is not sufficient as a sole prognostic factor for kidney failure.
Usefulness of captopril renography to predict the benefits of renal artery revascularization or captopril treatment in hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy.; This retrospective study aimed to use captopril renography (CR) for predicting the benefits of captopril treatment in hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy. CR was utilized in 60 hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy for detecting the probability of renovascular hypertension (RVH) and predicting the benefits of renal artery revascularization or captopril treatment. Ten of the 60 patients showed a high probability of RVH with marked changes of the renogram curve after an oral intake of 50-mg captopril compared to baseline findings. All of the 10 patients confirmed significant main renal artery stenosis in all of them, bilaterally in four patients and unilaterally in the remaining six patients by renal angiographic findings. After successful revascularization, blood pressure was well controlled and renal function was preserved in all of the 10 patients. The other 50 patients showed a low or intermediate probability of RVH with normal findings or unchanged on CR after 50-mg captopril. Then, captopril alone or combination treatment started and continued on 50 patients. After monitoring for at least 6 months, blood pressure was well controlled and renal function was preserved in all the 50 patients on captopril treatment. We conclude that CR should be considered as the standard diagnostic criteria of RVH and may be helpful in predicting the beneficial impact of captopril treatment in hypertensive patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Telomere length and progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether short telomere length of blood leucocytes from patients with type 1 diabetes is associated with or predictive of progression of diabetic nephropathy. DESIGN AND METHODS: Two consecutive DNA samples were obtained from 132 patients from the nationwide Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study with type 1 diabetes. Control DNA samples were taken from 44 healthy blood donors. Telomere length was measured by Southern blot. Patients were divided into three groups according to their urinary albumin excretion rate (AER): 48 patients with normoalbuminuria (AER < 20 microg min(-1)); seven patients with microalbuminuria (AER > or = 20 microg min(-1) <200 microg min(-1)) and 77 patients with macroalbuminuria (AER > or = 200 microg min(-1)). Progression was defined as a change in albuminuria to a higher level. RESULTS: Progression occurred in 21 patients. Progressors had shorter mean telomere length (8.1 +/- 0.7 kb, mean +/- SD; P = 0.017) and higher percentage of short telomeres (32.0 +/- 8%, P = 0.002) than nonprogressors (8.5 +/- 0.7 kb and 27 +/- 7.2%, respectively). Thus, both shorter telomeres (HR = 0.190, 95%CI 0.065-0.558, P = 0.0025) and higher proportion of short telomeres (HR = 1.115, 1.039-1.195, P =0.0023) were independent predictors of diabetic nephropathy. Telomere length was not associated with the degree of albuminuria and was not different in patients with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy controls. CONCLUSIONS: Short telomeres are independent predictors of progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.
[Evaluation of novel test strip to measure albumin and creatinine in urine].; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the clinical usefulness of novel test strip that simultaneously measure urinary albumin and creatinine. Testing was performed on 95 random urine samples from diabetics. Each sample was assayed with following methods: test strip by instrument (AX4280) reading and by visual interpretation, quantitative method for albumin, creatinine, and alpha1-microglobulin and cellulose acetate membrane electrophoresis. The results of test strip had good correlation with quantitative results. In the case of instrument reading, the sensitivity, specificity and consistency were 91.2%, 78.9% and 86.3% for albumin and 94.5%, 87.5% and 91.6% for albumin index (albumin/creatinine ratio; A/C ratio), respectively. The percent same level agreement for creatinine was 63.2%. After correction using creatinine value on test strip, 18.4% of samples defined as negative by albumin quantitative value were turned to be positive, 12.3% of samples defined as positive were turned to be negative. The same level of creatinine correction effect as the quantitative method was obtained at the test strip. When alpha1-microglobulin/creatinine (alpha1 m/g x Cr) ratio was compared with albumin index, percent positive of alpha1 m/g x Cr ratio was 35.0% for samples with albumin index less than 30 mg/g x Cr, 59.5% for those with albumin index between 30 and 300 mg/g x Cr. In addition, on cellulose acetate membrane electrophoresis, both retinol binding protein (RBP) and beta2-microglobulin (beta2 m) were detected in 12.5% of patients in normal condition or pre-nephropathy. Among patients at early-nephropathy, the detection rate of RBP and beta2 m were 20.0% and 15.0% respectively. These results indicate that the renal tubule is also damaged at the early stages of nephropathy.
Asian multicenter trials on urinary type IV collagen in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; To investigate the changes of renal type IV collagen turnover in diabetic nephropathy, urinary type IV collagen was measured by a highly sensitive one-step sandwich enzyme immunoassay (EIA). Urinary samples were obtained from 698 diabetic patients and 191 healthy adults. Among the patients, 264 had urinary albumin levels of less than 29 mg/g.creatine (Cr) (Stage I: normoalbuminuric stage), 169 had microalbuminuria from 30 to 299 mg/g.Cr (Stage II: microalbuminuric stage), 84 patients had macroalbuminuria of more than 300 mg/g.Cr and serum Cr of less than 1.1 mg/dl (Stage IIIA: macroalbuminuric stage without renal dysfunction), 97 had macroalbuminuria of more than 300 mg/g.Cr and serum Cr of more than 1.2 mg/dl (Stage IIIB: macroalbuminuric stage with renal dysfunction), and 84 had renal failure (Stage IV). The levels of urinary type IV collagen in Stages II, IIIA, IIIB, and IV were significantly higher than those in Stage I (P < 0.0001). The level of urinary type IV collagen in Stage I (5.00 +/- 0.23 microg/g.Cr; mean +/- SE) was also higher than that in normal adults (3.44 +/- 0.11 microg/g.Cr; mean +/- SE). These levels increased gradually due to progression of the clinical stage of diabetic nephropathy. It appears that the levels of urinary type IV collagen can be a useful marker for detecting renal injuries in diabetes according to our Asian multicenter trials.
The potential use of urinary transferrin, urinary adiponectin, urinary Retinol Binding Protein, and serum zinc alpha 2 glycoprotein levels as novel biomarkers for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The level of albuminuria is used to evaluate diabetic nephropathy (DN). However, to detect or predict the early stages of DN, better biomarkers are needed. METHODS: This study is a case-control observational study. 80 Egyptians participated in the study: 60 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were divided into three groups (20 patients each), and 20 healthy subjects with matched age and gender were used as controls. Demographic and laboratory data were analyzed. An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used to determine the levels of four biomarkers of DN; urinary adiponectin (ADP), urinary transferrin, serum Zinc Alpha 2 Glycoprotein (ZAG), and urinary Retinol Binding Protein (RBP). RESULTS: The levels of DN biomarkers urinary ADP, transferrin, RBP, and serum, ZAG were significantly higher in patients with T2DM than in controls. The ROC curve of the validity of the simultaneous use of all four biomarkers in predicting albuminuria indicates a sensitivity of 90% and a specificity of 90%. The Area Under the Curve (AUC) was 0.948, the 95% confidence interval was 0.998-0.897, and the p-value was 0.001. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with T2DM, urine adiponectin, transferrin, RBP, and serum ZAG concentration may be useful biomarkers in the early diagnosis of DN. A further longitudinal prospective study is required to explore the potential utility of these biomarkers.
Inflammatory parameters are independently associated with urinary albumin in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Data about the relationship of inflammation to nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus are scarce. In the present study, we test the hypothesis that inflammatory parameters are independently related to urinary albumin excretion (UAE) at early stages of nephropathy. METHODS: Sixty-five patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria (MAB) or mild proteinuria (protein < 1 g/d) were included. We analyzed serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), as well as urinary level of this cytokine. RESULTS: Inflammatory parameters were significantly greater in patients with diabetes than controls; furthermore, urinary TNF-alpha levels increased significantly as nephropathy progressed. Median urinary TNF-alpha level was 7 pg/mg in normoalbuminurics, 13 pg/mg in microalbuminurics (P < 0.001), and 18 pg/mg in proteinurics (P < 0.001 versus normoalbuminuria and P < 0.01 versus MAB). Albuminuria was related to hs-CRP (r= 0.68; P < 0.001) and serum (r = 0.45; P < 0.01) and urinary TNF-alpha levels (r = 0.71; P < 0.001), but there was no association between serum and urinary TNF-alpha levels. Partial correlation analysis showed that hs-CRP level, urinary TNF-alpha level, duration of diabetes, and glycated hemoglobin level remained significantly associated with UAE. A stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that UAE was significantly associated with hs-CRP level (P < 0.001), duration of diabetes (P < 0.001), urinary TNF-alpha level (P < 0.01), and glycated hemoglobin level (P < 0.05; adjusted R2 = 0.73; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes at an early stage of nephropathy are independently associated with UAE. In addition to traditional metabolic and hemodynamic factors, it is possible to hypothesize on the participation of inflammation in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy.
Increased concentrations of soluble CD40 ligand may help to identify type 1 diabetic adolescents and young adults at risk for developing persistent microalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: Recent studies on the pathogenesis of diabetic complications have demonstrated the important role of a number of aberrantly expressed molecules acting together in the development of early diabetic microvascular complications. Soluble CD40 ligand (sCD40L) is supposed to be one of the most likely candidates for both retinopathy and nephropathy. METHODS: In January 1989, sCD40L was measured in 340 normoalbuminuric diabetic adolescents and young adults. Participants were examined at baseline and biannually thereafter. sCD40L was measured every 2 years during a 16-year follow-up period. sCD40L was also measured in parents. RESULTS: Over 16 years, 32 out of 340 patients developed persistent microalbuminuria; no patient developed overt diabetic nephropathy. The risk of developing microalbuminuria was higher in children with increased sCD40L at the beginning of the study (using 6 ng/mL as the arbitrary cut-off value) (group A) compared with those with normal sCD40L (group B). Sex did not influence predictive value, sensitivity, or specificity. sCD40L was not significantly correlated with duration of diabetes. The percentage of offspring with both parents having sCD40L above the mean values was significantly higher in group A than in group B. The odds ratio (OR) for the occurrence of microalbuminuria after adjustment for confounding variables in patients with elevated baseline sCD40L was 4.2 (95% CI, 2.1-10.7). CONCLUSIONS: Persistently increased sCD40L levels from the onset of diabetes might help to identify those normotensive and normoalbuminuric young patients at increased risk of developing incipient nephropathy later in life.
Predictors of renal morphological changes in the early stage of microalbuminuria in adolescents with IDDM.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of glycemic control, blood pressure, lipid levels, glomerular filtration rate (GFR), age, and duration of IDDM on the degree of structural glomerular changes in the transitional stage of microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fifteen adolescents (seven boys and eight girls) with > 5 years of duration of IDDM and with low-grade microalbuminuria (15-30 micrograms/min) participated. Seventeen living kidney donors served as healthy control subjects. Five-year mean HbA1c; 5-year mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure; GFR, cholesterol, and triglycerides 2-5 years before renal biopsy; age; and duration of IDDM were investigated and related to basement membrane thickness (BMT), mesangial and matrix volume fractions, and the overall glomerulopathy index [(BMT/10 + mat/glom, %) + matrix star volume]. RESULTS: BMT and the overall diabetic glomerulopathy were increased in diabetic patients as compared with control subjects (P < 0.001), whereas matrix volume fraction, but not mesangial volume fraction, tended to be increased (P = 0.11). In multivariate analysis, BMT was predicted by 5-year mean HbA1c, diabetes duration, and previous GFR (R2 = 0.71, P = 0.003). With matrix volume fraction as the dependent variable, BMT and diabetes duration were the only significant determinants (R2 = 0.63, P = 0.003). Diabetes duration, 5-year mean HbA1c, and GFR were the variables with an independent influence on the overall diabetic glomerulopathy index (R2 = 0.72, P = 0.003). Preceding blood pressure and lipid levels or age had no significant independent influence on these morphometric measures. CONCLUSIONS: In the very early stage of microalbuminuria in IDDM adolescents, a high percentage of the variation in BMT and overall severity of glomerulopathy is explained by prolonged hyperglycemia and diabetes duration. Previous glomerular hyperfiltration may also add to the prediction of these morphological changes.
Assessment of the diagnostic value of different biomarkers in relation to various stages of diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients.; Albuminuria is widely used to indicate early phases of diabetic nephropathy although it is limited by the fact that structural damage might precede albumin excretion. This necessitates identifying better biomarkers that diagnose or predict diabetic nephropathy. This is a cross-sectional hospital based study recruiting type 2 diabetic patients cohort aged 35-75 years with diabetes duration of ≥10 years. Out of total eligible 467 patients, 200 patients were with normal albumin excretion, 184 patients with microalbuminuria and 83 patients with macroalbuminuria. All the patients were tested for the 22 selected biomarkers including serum, plasma and urinary markers. Sensitivity, specificity, and area under the curve (AUC) were calculated as measures of diagnostic accuracy. Out of the tested biomarkers, urinary transferrin, urinary Retinol binding protein (RBP) and serum osteopontin had the best diagnostic value for diabetic nephropathy presence based on the AUC value. The rest of the biomarkers had comparatively less or even no discriminative power. The urinary transferrin and RBP and serum osteopontin, had the best diagnostic value in type 2 diabetic patients at different stages of diabetic nephropathy. Further longitudinal prospective studies are needed to evaluate the predictive power of those markers for detecting diabetic nephropathy before any structural damage occurs.
Amiloride-sensitive Na+/H+ exchange in erythrocytes of patients with NIDDM: a prospective study.; Intensive treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) decreases the rate of microvascular complications, but is associated with increased incidence of cardiovascular morbidity. Enhanced permeability of plasma membranes for sodium (e.g. sodium-hydrogen exchange, NHE) may predict the subset of diabetic patients for whom intensive modalities of treatment are indicated despite their potential risk. However, the accuracy of NHE as a marker of microangiopathy has not been assessed. In this study NHE as initial velocity of amiloride-inhibited H+ efflux from erythrocytes (pHi 6.35-6.45) into an Na(+)-containing medium (pHo 7.95-8.05), was estimated during 8 years of follow-up in 138 non-microalbuminuric diabetic patients (74 women, 64 men, age 52 +/- 4 years) treated with antihyperglycaemic drugs for 14 +/- 2 years. Appearance of microalbuminuria, overt proteinuria, azotaemia and retinopathy was assessed annually. Enhanced erythrocyte NHE predicted diabetic nephropathy alone and in association with a family history of hypertension and/or nephropathy with a sensitivity of 86 and 93%, respectively. No association was found between NHE and retinopathy in NIDDM. It is concluded that assessment of erythrocyte NHE can identify a subset of patients likely to develop renal damage, for whom an aggressive treatment approach might be considered.
Urinary albumin excretion rate and glomerular filtration rate in the prediction of diabetic nephropathy; a long-term follow-up study of childhood onset type-1 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Predictors of diabetic nephropathy are only partly known. The role of glomerular hyperfiltration is much discussed. We have studied the cumulative incidence of micro and macroalbuminuria and the predictive value of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and screening value of albumin excretion rate (AER) in type-1 diabetes. METHODS: A cohort of diabetic children was followed up at a mean duration of 29+/-3 years. All 75 children treated in one hospital with diabetes duration > or =8 years were prospectively followed for 8 years examining GFR, AER, blood pressure and HbA1c. After another 8-10 years, 60 of them were traced for endpoint follow-up. RESULTS: Seven patients (12%) developed macroalbuminuria, i.e. persistent overnight AER>200 mg/min, 12 (20%) developed persistent microalbuminuria (AER 15-200 mg/min) and 17 (28%) transient microalbuminuria (>15 mg/min on two consecutive occasions, normalized at endpoint). One baseline screening value of 24-h AER>15 mg/min predicted 93% of patients with persistent micro or macroalbuminuria. The negative predictive value was 78%. Six of seven macroalbuminuric and 10 of 12 microalbuminuric patients had a baseline GFR above the normal limit of the method (> or =125 ml/min/1.73 m(2)). When adjusted for diabetes duration, increased GFR predicted macro or microalbuminuria (odds ratios=5.44, P=0.04). The positive predictive value for having an increased baseline GFR was 53%. The negative predictive value was 77%. Stratification for HbA1c did not change the effect of an increased GFR. CONCLUSIONS: At a mean diabetes duration of 29 years the cumulative incidence of macroalbuminuria was 12%; however, another 20% had persistent microalbuminuria. A screening value of 24-h AER >15 mg/min was a strong predictor, whereas increased GFR was a weaker but significant predictor for micro and macroalbuminuria.
Monocyte-lymphocyte ratio is a valuable predictor for diabetic nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is serious threat to human health. Therefore, early prediction of its occurrence is important. This study aimed to assess the predictive significance of monocyte-lymphocyte ratio (MLR) for DN.A total of 301 patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), including 212 T2D patients without diabetic-related complications and 99 DN patients, were enrolled. Peripheral white blood cells were measured before treatment to calculate MLR, and the risk factors and predictive significance for T2D and DN were assessed.T2D patients without diabetic-related complications had higher MLR than control patients (P < .01). However, MLR was significantly higher in DN patients than in T2D patients without diabetic-related complications (P < .001). According to MLR quartiles, higher MLR in DN patients was correlated with higher serum creatinine, estimated glomerular filtration rate, and urinary albumin excretion (UAE) levels (P < .01 or P < .001). Furthermore, MLR was positively correlated with UAE level (R = 0.5973; P < .01) and an independent predictor for DN (odds ratio: 7.667; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 3.689-21.312; P < .001). The area under the receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve for MLR was 0.874 (95%CI: 0.830-0.918, P < .001). When the optimal cutoff value was 0.23, the sensitivity and specificity of MLR for DN prediction were 0.85 and 0.74, respectively.The present findings suggest that MLR is a powerful independent predictor for DN.
Elevated serum total renin is insensitive in detecting incipient diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the influence of incipient diabetic nephropathy on the levels of total renin in serum. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fifty-five adult patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) were examined in a cross-sectional study. The main outcome measures were serum total renin concentration and urinary albumin excretion rate. RESULTS: The total renin concentrations in serum were significantly (P < 0.05) higher in 12 patients with microalbuminuria than in 43 patients without albuminuria, but this difference was significant only in men. There was a significant but weak positive correlation between urinary albumin excretion rate and serum total renin concentration in all patients (r = 0.412, P < 0.05, n = 55), but the sensitivity of high serum concentrations of total renin in detecting incipient nephropathy was low (17%). In the study group, two of the three patients suffering from proliferative retinopathy had the highest total renin concentrations in serum. CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuric patients have higher mean serum total renin concentrations than normoalbuminuric patients, but because of low sensitivity, high total renin concentration cannot be used for screening incipient diabetic nephropathy.
Plasma levels of pentosidine in diabetic patients: an advanced glycation end product.; Nonenzymatic reactions between glucose and proteins yield advanced glycation end products (AGE) such as pentosidine. AGE accumulate in diabetic patients, alter the structure and function of tissue proteins, stimulate cellular response, and have thus been implicated in diabetic tissue damage. The present study was undertaken to assess the factors determining plasma total pentosidine level in diabetic patients and the possible relation between plasma pentosidine level and diabetic complications. In diabetic patients, including patients with renal failure, plasma pentosidine levels, assessed by HPLC assay, were correlated with serum creatinine (P < 0.0001). In patients with normal renal function, pentosidine levels were correlated with blood glucose control (hemoglobin Alc: P = 0.0028; fructoselysine: P = 0.0133), serum creatinine (P = 0.029), patient age (P = 0.0416), duration of diabetes (P = 0.0431), and total cholesterol (P = 0.0056) and LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.0208). Multiple regression analysis revealed an independent influence of hemoglobin Alc and serum creatinine on pentosidine levels (r2 = 0.216, P = 0.0026). Pentosidine levels were higher in patients with than in those without hypertension (P = 0.043) or ischemic heart diseases (P = 0.0061). No such differences were observed between patients with and without albuminuria or retinopathy. Multiple regression analysis revealed an independent influence of plasma pentosidine on the presence of hypertension (r2 = 0.129, P = 0.0382) and of plasma pentosidine and HDL-cholesterol on the presence of ischemic heart disease (r2 = 0.326, P = 0.0012). The present study demonstrated that plasma pentosidine level was significantly influenced by the quality of glycemic control and renal function. Pentosidine level was also correlated with hypertension and ischemic heart disease, and might be taken as a biomarker of diabetic cardiovascular risk.
Metabolic profiling reveals new serum biomarkers for differentiating diabetic nephropathy.; Capillary electrophoresis coupled with time-of-flight mass spectrometry was used to explore new serum biomarkers with high sensitivity and specificity for diabetic nephropathy (DN) diagnosis, through comprehensive analysis of serum metabolites with 78 diabetic patients. Multivariate analyses were used for identification of marker candidates and development of discriminative models. Of the 289 profiled metabolites, orthogonal partial least-squares discriminant analysis identified 19 metabolites that could distinguish between DN with macroalbuminuria and diabetic patients without albuminuria. These identified metabolites included creatinine, aspartic acid, γ-butyrobetaine, citrulline, symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA), kynurenine, azelaic acid, and galactaric acid. Significant correlations between all these metabolites and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratios (p < 0.009, Spearman's rank test) were observed. When five metabolites (including γ-butyrobetaine, SDMA, azelaic acid and two unknowns) were selected from 19 metabolites and applied for multiple logistic regression model, AUC value for diagnosing DN was 0.927 using the whole dataset, and 0.880 in a cross-validation test. In addition, when four known metabolites (aspartic acid, SDMA, azelaic acid and galactaric acid) were applied, the resulting AUC was still high at 0.844 with the whole dataset and 0.792 with cross-validation. Combination of serum metabolomics with multivariate analyses enabled accurate discrimination of DN patients. The results suggest that capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry based metabolome analysis could be used for DN diagnosis.
Association between uric acid level and incidence of albuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A 4.5-year cohort study.; Using animal models and molecular biology researches, hyperuricemia has been shown to instruct renal arteriolopathy, arterial hypertension, and microvascular injury involving the renin-angiotensin system and resulting in renal function impairment. Nevertheless, the association between uric acid levels and the development of albuminuria has been under-investigated in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Patients with type 2 diabetes and regular outpatient visits were recruited from the Puli Branch of the Taichung Veterans General Hospital in Taiwan since January 2014. Demographics, lifestyle features, and medical history were gathered by well-trained interviewers. All participants underwent comprehensive physical examinations, including a biochemical assay of venous blood specimens and urine samples after an 8-hour overnight fast. Participants were followed until June 2018. The primary outcome was the albuminuria incidence. Univariable and multivariable Cox regression analysis were employed to explore the relation between uric acid and incident albuminuria. Uric acid cutoffs for incident albuminuria were determined with the receiver operator characteristic curve. We included 247 qualified subjects (mean age: 64.78 years old [standard deviation = 11.29 years]; 138 [55.87%] men). During a 4.5-year follow-up duration, 20 subjects with incident albuminuria were recognized. Serum uric acid was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident albuminuria (adjusted hazard ratio = 2.39; 95% confidence interval: 1.53-3.75; P < .001) with potential confounders adjustment. The uric acid cutoff point was 6.9 mg/dL (area under the curve 0.708, sensitivity 60.0%, specificity 84.58%) for incident albuminuria. Serum uric acid was associated with incident albuminuria among patients with type 2 diabetes.
Urinary Neutrophil Gelatinase-Associated Lipocalin (NGAL) as a Marker of Diabetic Nephropathy in Type 1 Diabetic Patients.; BACKGROUND: Glomerular and tubulointerstitial damage plays a role in renal function failure in diabetic patients. While both serum and urine levels of neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) show significantly increased levels in acute renal pathologies, the NGAL increase in active phase indicates a reversible condition in chronic cases. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 52 type 1 diabetic patients and 30 healthy volunteers participated in the study. The diabetic participants were separated into two groups as follows: a normoalbuminuria group consisting of those with an albumin/creatinine ratio less than 30 mg/g and an albuminuria group consisting of those with an albumin/ creatinine ratio equal or greater than 30 mg/g. Albumin, creatinine and NGAL were measured in all participants. RESULTS: Urinary NGAL median level was 21.1 ng/mL for diabetic patients and 11.9 ng/mL for healthy controls, and the difference between the two groups was statistically significant. When diabetic patients were compared as those with and without albuminuria, the median urinary NGAL levels of normoalbuminuria and albuminuria were 24.7 and 16.1 ng/mL, respectively, but the difference was not statistically significant. Statistically similar results were obtained through evaluation of the ratio of urinary NGAL excretion to creatinine excretion. The NGAL/Cr ratio was significantly higher in diabetic patients than in healthy controls, but no statistically significant difference was found between the diabetic patients with and without albuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary NGAL excretion in type 1 diabetic patients is found to be increased over a wide range, but it does not correlate with urinary albumin excretion. In this regard, urinary NGAL excretion should not be used as an alternative to microalbuminuria in detecting diabetic nephropathy. The greater amount of NGAL excretion among diabetic patients may be due to diabetic nephropathy with possible tubulointerstitial damage pathologies.
[Changes in serum and urine ceruloplasmin concentrations in type 2 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: To determine the changes in serum and urine ceruloplasmin (Cp) concentrations in type 2 diabetes, and to explore its clinical significance. METHODS: Cp concentrations of 57 serum samples were measured by radioimmunoassay and ratenephelometry. In the meantime, the serum and urine Cp concentrations in 110 healthy individuals and 104 type 2 diabetic patients were determined by ratenephelometry. For analysis and comparison, 104 type 2 diabetic patients were divided into imperfect glycemic control subgroup (n = 54) and perfect glycemic control subgroup (n = 50), diabetic nephropathy subgroup (n = 47) and non-diabetic nephropathy subgroup (n = 57). RESULTS: Serum Cp concentrations obtained with the radioimmunoassay and ratenephelometry methods were highly correlated and essentially indistinguishable. The cut-off point of the serum Cp concentrations was 542 mg/L and that of the ratio of Cp and creatinine was 0. 892 ng/mmol, which was determined according to the upper limit of 97.5% credit intervals or 97.5% percentile in 110 healthy individuals. Cp concentrations in type 2 diabetic patients were significantly higher than those in the healthy individuals (P <0.001). Of the type 2 diabetic patients, the imperfect glycemic subgroup had higher serum Cp concentrations than those of the perfect glycemic subgroup (P <0.01). The urine ratio of Cp and creatinine in diabetic nephropathy subgroup was significantly higher than that in non-diabetic nephropathy subgroup (P < 0.001). Urine ratio of Cp and creatinine in diagnosing diabetic nephropathy had 91.4% of sensitivity, 61.4% of specificity, and 75.0% of concordance. CONCLUSION: Detection of serum Cp levels has some reference value in understanding the state of diabetes. Combined determination of urine ratio of Cp and creatinine and ratio of albumin and creatinine is significant in the early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy.
Urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR) in a single urine sample has been proposed to provide an estimate of microalbuminuria by adjusting for variability in urine concentrations. We hypothesized that adjusting the urine albumin concentration of single-void specimens for actual urine osmolality (urinary albumin to osmolality ratio [AOR]) may provide a more accurate estimate of 24-hour urine albumin excretion rates (AERs). METHODS: Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM; n = 136) had urinary concentrations of albumin, glucose, and creatinine and osmolality measured on single-void samples, and albumin levels, on 24-hour samples. Microalbuminuria is defined as an AER between 30 and 300 mg/d. RESULTS: Correlation between AOR on single-void samples and AER on 24-hour samples (r = 0.87; P < 0.001) was similar to that between ACR and AER (r = 0.88; P < 0.001). Using a cutoff value of 18.4 mg/kg/mOsm x 10(2) (18.4 mg/mmol x 10(2)) for AOR resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 82% and 86% in detecting microalbuminuria, respectively. The area under the curve (AUC) for AOR was 0.89. Using a cutoff value of 15.0 mg/g (1.7 mg/mmol) for ACR resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 85% and 85% in detecting microalbuminuria, respectively. The AUC for ACR was 0.90. The ability of AOR to predict AER was maintained at varying degrees of glycosuria (glucose < 100 mg/dL [<5.5 mmol/L]; r = 0.77; 100 to 750 mg/dL [5.5 to 42 mmol/L]; r = 0.85; and >750 mg/dL [>42 mmol/L]; r = 0.92). CONCLUSION: Urinary AOR correlates closely with 24-hour microalbuminuria determination, and the correlation is not appreciably affected by glycosuria. Thus, AOR can be used as an alternative test to ACR in the assessment of microalbuminuria in the population with DM.
Increased left ventricular mass index and nocturnal systolic blood pressure in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria.; AIMS: To compare left ventricular mass (LVM) index and function in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without microalbuminuria and to investigate the clinical determinants of left ventricular hypertrophy. METHODS: Echocardiography, electrocardiography and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring were performed in microalbuminuric (n = 29) and normoalbuminuric (n = 29) patients with Type 2 diabetes and no clinical evidence of heart disease. Groups were individually matched for age, sex and diabetes duration and smoking status. RESULTS: LVM index (62 (34-87) vs. 52 (33-89) g/m2.7, P = 0.04) and LVH prevalence, using two out of three definitions, were greater in patients with microalbuminuria (LVM/height2.7: 72 vs. 59%, P = 0.27, LVM/height: 66 vs. 38%, P = 0.04, LVM/body surface area: 59 vs. 31%, P = 0.03). Night-time systolic blood pressure (126 (99-163) vs. 120 (104-157) mmHg, P = 0.005) and the night/day systolic blood pressure ratio (0.92 (0.08) vs. 0.88 (0.06), P = 0.04) were higher in those with microalbuminuria. Systolic and diastolic function were similar in both groups. Linear regression analyses showed that body mass index (BMI) was significantly related to loge LVM index (R2 = 11.8%, P = 0.005) and a relationship with night/day systolic blood pressure was also suggested (R2 = 4.6%, P = 0.057). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with Type 2 diabetes, LVH is more common and severe in those with microalbuminuria. Its presence may be related to raised night/day systolic blood pressure ratio and is significantly related to BMI. The high prevalence of LVH strengthens the case for echocardiographic screening in Type 2 diabetes to identify high risk patients who might benefit from aggressive cardiovascular risk factor intervention.
Raised serum sialic acid concentration precedes onset of microalbuminuria in IDDM. A 10-year follow-up study.; OBJECTIVE: Elevated concentrations of serum sialic acid, a potent cardiovascular risk factor in the general population, have been found in patients with IDDM and microalbuminuria. We investigated whether a coincidence exists between the increase of sialic acid concentrations and albuminuria in the transition from normoalbuminuria to microalbuminuria. Furthermore, the predictability of increased sialic acid as well as von Willebrand factor (vWF) and total and HDL cholesterol concentrations in development of persistent microalbuminuria in IDDM was investigated. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This 10-year prospective study was carried out in a cohort of 209 IDDM patients with normoalbuminuria at baseline. RESULTS: Of the cohort, 198 patients completed the follow-up period and 27 developed persistent microalbuminuria (urinary albumin excretion rate [UAER] > or = 30 mg/24 h). A coincident increase of UAER and serum sialic acid concentration was seen before persistent microalbuminuria was diagnosed. Elevation of serum sialic acid concentrations in those who later developed microalbuminuria occurred 3 years before the diagnosis of persistent microalbuminuria. Baseline serum sialic acid concentrations were significantly higher in the group of patients who later developed microalbuminuria than in the group who remained normoalbuminuric (2.02 +/- 0.41 vs. 1.85 +/- 0.31 mmol/l [means +/- SD], P < 0.05). Baseline serum sialic acid concentration correlated significantly with HbA1c, UAER, blood pressure, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and vWF and was significantly predictive for development of microalbuminuria (hazards ratio [95% CI], 3.1 [1.2-8.1]; P = 0.02) after adjustments for sex, duration of diabetes, smoking, blood pressure, vWF, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol. Adjustment for the effects of HbA1c and UAER, however, canceled out the predictive effect of serum sialic acid. CONCLUSIONS: UAER and serum sialic acid concentration increase coincidentally before the onset of persistent microalbuminuria. An increased serum sialic acid concentration is predictive for the onset of microalbuminuria independent of age, sex, diabetes duration, smoking, blood pressure, vWF, and total HDL cholesterol.
The Kidney Education Outreach Program's community-based screenings: participants' demographics and screening results.; OBJECTIVE: To outline the Kidney Education Outreach Program (KEOP) screening protocol, to describe the context in which these chronic kidney disease (CKD) screenings were administered, and to report the characteristics and screening results for participants from October 2005 to September 2008. METHODS: A cohort of 1742 people participated in targeted, free, community-based CKD screenings. Screenings included a self-report questionnaire regarding sociodemographic information, lifestyle behaviors, and personal and family health history. This survey was followed by urine dipstick testing for proteinuria and microalbuminuria. RESULTS: Medical histories were provided by 1694 individuals: 1522 through the complete questionnaire and 172 through an abbreviated questionnaire that differed principally in lack of information on family history of disease. Urine samples were collected from 1706 participants. The mean age of screening participants was 54 years old; 70% were female, 50% were African American, and 13% were Latino. More than 40% of subjects were obese. Roughly one-quarter (23%) had been diagnosed with diabetes mellitus and about half (47%) had been diagnosed with hypertension. Twenty-four percent reported a family history of kidney disease. While 60% of the participants tested positive for microalbuminuria, less than 4% of these persons had ever been told they had kidney disease. LIMITATIONS: Lack of confirmatory testing with a serum creatinine (and estimated glomerular filtration rate) or, alternatively, with a 24-hour urine collection for creatinine clearance and protein excretion; no standardized follow-up for screened participants. DISCUSSION: The KEOP targeted screenings disclosed a high prevalence of known risk factors for CKD--diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity, advanced age, and family history of kidney disease. However, despite these factors, less than 4% of screened participants were aware of a diagnosis of CKD.
[Value of plasma growth differentiation factor-15 in diagnosis and evaluation of type 2 diabetic nephropathy].; OBJECTIVE: To detect the plasma level of growth differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15) in patients of type 2 diabetic nephropathy and assess its value in diagnosis and evaluation of type 2 diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: Thirty type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria, 20 with microalbuminuria, and 30 with macroalbuminuria, diagnosed according to Mogensen's criteria, were examined for plasma GDF-15 level using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: The patients with macroalbuminuria had significantly higher plasma GDF-15 level than those with microalbuminuria and normoalbuminuria [1773.9 (1099.1-2357.4) pg/ml vs 864.0 (636.1-994.3) pg/ml and 704.5 (548.8-975.8) pg/ml, respectively, P<0.01], and patients with microalbuminuria had higher GDF-15 level than those with normoalbuminuria (P>0.05). Plasma GDF-15 level was found to increase early in the stage of mild renal dysfunction (60≤GFR<90 ml·min(-1)·1.73 m(-2)) with a median level of 999.5 (769.2-1372.1) pg/ml. Partial correlation analysis showed that plasma GDF-15 level was positively correlated with diabetic durations, mAlb, BUN and sCr (r=0.246, 0.493, 0.390, and 0.471, respectively, P<0.05), and negatively with eGFR (r=-0.438) and Alb (r=-0.397) (P<0.01). Multivariate linear regression analysis showed that a high plasma GDF-15 level was an independent risk factor for increased mAlb. In the diagnosis of renal dysfunction (eGFR<90 ml·min(-1)·1.73 m(-2)), the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (AUC) of GDF-15 was 0.801, significantly higher than that of mAlb (0.717, P<0.05). With the cut-off value of 733.78 pg/ml, plasma GDF-15 level had a sensitivity of 88.1% and a specificity of 58.1% for renal dysfunction diagnosis. CONCLUSION: In patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy, plasma GDF-15 level increases with the Mogensen stage, and as a independent risk factor for increased mAlb, it is significantly correlated with mAlb and eGFR, and serves, suggesting its value in early diagnosis, evaluation and prediction of the outcomes of type 2 diabetic nephropathy.
Serum cystatin C and urinary enzymes as screening markers of renal dysfunction in diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: In clinical practice, the assessment and follow-up of early renal dysfunction is important in diabetic nephropathy. Therefore, this study was designed to determine whether the serum cystatin C (Cys C) and activities of some tubular enzymes could be used as screening markers for renal dysfunction in diabetic patients. METHODS: Serum Cys C levels and urinary activities of N-acetyl-b-D-glucosaminidase (NAG), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and whole blood glycolyse hemoglobin (HbA1C) were measured in 56 diabetic patients and 20 healthy subjects (controls). The results were compared with serum creatinine (Cr) and creatinine clearance (CCr), which were measured and estimated with the Cockcroft-Gault formula (CCG) and 24-hr urine microalbuminuria (MAU). We examined the influence of albuminuria, HbA1C and CCr levels of patients on the levels of the analyzed parameters. Sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of renal impairment were calculated by a receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve for serum Cys C, Cr and urinary enzymes. RESULTS: In normoalbuminurics, only serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG activities were found elevated as compared to controls. In addition to the elevation of serum Cys C levels and urinary activities of NAG, urinary ALP and LDH activities were also found elevated in microalbuminurics. Serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG, ALP, LDH activities started to increase above the normal range when CCr declined and while serum Cr was in the normal range in patients with 50<CCr<80 (grade 2 group). Moreover, these parameters in patients with good metabolic control were significantly lower than in patients with poor metabolic control. There was a significant positive correlation between serum Cys C, urinary NAG, LDH, ALP activities and serum Cr levels. However, there was an inverse correlation between serum Cys C, urinary NAG, LDH, ALP and CCr and CCG in diabetic patients. The ROC plot indicated that serum Cys C and urinary NAG and ALP had higher sensitivity than serum Cr and met the criteria for detecting glomerular and tubular dysfunction as screening tests for early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that measuring serum Cys C levels and urinary NAG, ALP and LDH activities could be useful as screening markers to follow-up glomerular and tubular dysfunction in diabetic patients.
Correlation of dehydroepiandrosterone with diabetic nephropathy and its clinical value in early detection.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: This study was carried out to assess the association of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) with diabetic nephropathy (DN) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus to better predict the progression of diabetic nephropathy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 1,082 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism of Tianjin Medical University General Hospital were enrolled in this study, and grouped for comparison. The effect of serum DHEA on DN was evaluated by multivariate logistic regression analysis, and receiver operating characteristic curves were established to explore the optimal concentration of DHEA in patients with DN and non-DN. RESULTS: DHEA was significantly decreased in patients with DN (P < 0.001). The prevalence of DN was significantly higher in the low DHEA quartile than in the other quartiles (P < 0.001). Spearman-related analysis showed that DHEA levels were negatively correlated with patient age, course of diabetes, systolic blood pressure, blood creatinine, uric acid, urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio, 24-h urine microalbumin, 24-h urine protein quantification and glomerular filtration rate, and positively correlated with body mass index, total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein. Logistic regression analysis showed that the effect of DHEA on DN was statistically significant (P < 0.001). The receiver operating characteristic curve showed that the sensitivity was 81.4%, the specificity was 70% and the area under the curve was 0.812 when the optimal cut-off value was 1,640 (pg/mL). CONCLUSION: DHEA is significantly associated with DN and might be a protective factor for DN, and is important for the prediction of DN.
Evaluation of biochemical and clinical markers of endothelial dysfunction and their correlation with urinary albumin excretion in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; Objective Endothelial dysfunction (ED) plays an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. The purpose of the study was to determine flow mediated endothelial dependent vasodilatation (FMD) measurements and serum soluble (s) endothelin-1 (ET-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM-1) levels in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) with or without increased urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and compare them with the healthy controls. Subjects and methods Seventy three patients with T1DM were enrolled. Patients were divided into two subgroups according to microalbumin measurements in 24-hr urine collections. The diabetic patients without microalbuminuria (41 patients) were defined as Group I and those with microalbuminuria (32 patients) were defined as group II. A hundred age and sex matched healthy subjects participated as the control group (Group III). Serum sET-1, sICAM-1, sVCAM-1 levels and FMD measurements were determined in all participants. Results Median FMD measurement was significantly lower in the diabetic groups compared with the control group (6.6, 6.4 and 7.8% in Group I, II and III, respectively) (p < 0.05). FMD was negatively correlated with age (p = 0.042). Median serum sICAM-1 level was higher in the patient groups compared to the control group (p < 0.05). Median serum sVCAM-1 level was higher in the group of patients with increased albuminuria compared to the normoalbuinuric and the control group (p < 0.05). Serum sVCAM-1 level was found to be positively correlated with degree of urinary albumin excretion (p < 0.001). Conclusion We assume that sVCAM-1 may be used as a predictive marker for risk stratification for nephropathy development and progression.
Metabolomics in diabetic nephropathy: Unveiling novel biomarkers for diagnosis (Review).; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) also known as diabetic kidney disease, is a major microvascular complication of diabetes and a leading cause of end‑stage renal disease (ESRD), which affects the morbidity and mortality of patients with diabetes. Despite advancements in diabetes care, current diagnostic methods, such as the determination of albuminuria and the estimated glomerular filtration rate, are limited in sensitivity and specificity, often only identifying kidney damage after considerable morphological changes. The present review discusses the potential of metabolomics as an approach for the early detection and management of DN. Metabolomics is the study of metabolites, the small molecules produced by cellular processes, and may provide a more sensitive and specific diagnostic tool compared with traditional methods. For the purposes of this review, a systematic search was conducted on PubMed and Google Scholar for recent human studies published between 2011 and 2023 that used metabolomics in the diagnosis of DN. Metabolomics has demonstrated potential in identifying metabolic biomarkers specific to DN. The ability to detect a broad spectrum of metabolites with high sensitivity and specificity may allow for earlier diagnosis and better management of patients with DN, potentially reducing the progression to ESRD. Furthermore, metabolomics pathway analysis assesses the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying DN. On the whole, metabolomics is a potential tool in the diagnosis and management of DN. By providing a more in‑depth understanding of metabolic alterations associated with DN, metabolomics could significantly improve early detection, enable timely interventions and reduce the healthcare burdens associated with this condition.
Sensitive albuminuria analysis using dye-binding based test strips.; BACKGROUND: Populations at increased risk for chronic kidney disease should be screened for albuminuria. Possibilities of advanced urine strip readers based on complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) sensor technology were investigated for obtaining quantitative albuminuria results. METHODS: Reflectance data of test strips (Sysmex UFC 3500 reader+CMOS) were compared with albuminuria (BNII) and with proteinuria (Cobas 8000). Urinary creatinine was assayed using a Jaffe-based creatinine assay (Cobas 8000). RESULTS: Calibration curve was made between 11.5 and 121.5mg/L with detection limit of 5.5mg/L. Within-run CV values of reflectance data were 0.21% (UC-Control L; 10mg/L) and 0.37% (UC-Control H; >150mg/L) for albumin, and 0.71%/3.97% for creatinine. Between-run CV values were 0.24%/0.42% for albumin and 0.93%/5.13% for creatinine. A strong correlation (r=0.92) was obtained between albuminuria (BNII) and protein strip reflectance data. Creatinine reflectance data correlated well with Jaffe-based urinary creatinine data (r=0.90). Albumin:creatinine ratio obtained by test strip and by wet chemistry showed a good correlation (r=0.59). Carbamylated, glycated and partially hydrolyzed isoforms of albumin could be detected by test strip. CONCLUSIONS: Dye-binding based albumin test strip assay in combination with a CMOS based reader would potentially allow quantitative analysis of albuminuria and determination of albumin:creatinine ratio.
Increased Na+/Li+ countertransport activity may help to identify type 1 diabetic adolescents and young adults at risk for developing persistent microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether erythrocyte sodium-lithium countertransport (Na+/Li+ CT) activity may identify adolescents and young adults with childhood-onset of type 1 diabetes to be at greater risk to develop persistent microalbuminuria and incipient diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In January 1989, Na+/Li+ CT was measured in 170 normoalbuminuric diabetic adolescents and young adults (age 12-23 years; onset of diabetes before age 18 years; duration of diabetes longer than 7 years). Participants were clinically examined at baseline and biennially thereafter. Na+/Li+ CT activity was measured every 2 years during the 8-year follow-up period. Na+/Li+ CT activity was measured also in parents of diabetic offspring. RESULTS: Over 8 years, 18 (10 male, 8 female) out of 170 patients (10.5%) developed persistent microalbuminuria; no patient developed overt nephropathy. The risk of developing microalbuminuria was higher in children with increased Na+/Li+ CT (using 300 mumol.1 erythrocytes-1.h-1 as the arbitrary cutoff point) (group 1) compared with those with normal Na+/Li+ CT at the beginning of the study (group 2) (18.98 vs. 3.29%, P < 0.01; sensitivity 96.7%; specificity 57.9%). Sex did not influence predictive value, sensitivity, or specificity. Na+/Li+ CT was not significantly correlated with HbA1c or duration of type 1 diabetes. The percentage of offspring with both parents having Na+/Li+ CT activity above the median values was significantly higher in patients in group 1 than in group 2. The odds ratio for the occurrence of microalbuminuria after adjustment for confounding variables (albumin excretion rate [AER], sex, HbA1c, mean blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides) in type 1 diabetic adolescents with elevated baseline erythrocyte Na+/Li+ CT was 4.5 (95% CI of 2.1-11.4). CONCLUSIONS: These results confirm those of previous studies and suggest that Na+/Li+ CT may be one of the predictors and risk factors for incipient diabetic nephropathy in adolescents and young adults with onset of diabetes during childhood. Persistently increased Na+/Li+ CT activity may help to identify normotensive, normoalbuminuric patients with type 1 diabetes who are predisposed to develop microalbuminuria and incipient diabetic nephropathy.
Sphingomyelin and progression of renal and coronary heart disease in individuals with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Lipid abnormalities are associated with diabetic kidney disease and CHD, although their exact role has not yet been fully explained. Sphingomyelin, the predominant sphingolipid in humans, is crucial for intact glomerular and endothelial function. Therefore, the objective of our study was to investigate whether sphingomyelin impacts kidney disease and CHD progression in individuals with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Individuals (n = 1087) from the Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy (FinnDiane) prospective cohort study with serum sphingomyelin measured using a proton NMR metabolomics platform were included. Kidney disease progression was defined as change in eGFR or albuminuria stratum. Data on incident end-stage renal disease (ESRD) and CHD were retrieved from national registries. HRs from Cox regression models and regression coefficients from the logistic or linear regression analyses were reported per 1 SD increase in sphingomyelin level. In addition, receiver operating curves were used to assess whether sphingomyelin improves eGFR decline prediction compared with albuminuria. RESULTS: During a median (IQR) 10.7 (6.4, 13.5) years of follow-up, sphingomyelin was independently associated with the fastest eGFR decline (lowest 25%; median [IQR] for eGFR change: <-4.4 [-6.8, -3.1] ml min(-1) [1.73 m(-2)] year(-1)), even after adjustment for classical lipid variables such as HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerols (OR [95% CI]: 1.36 [1.15, 1.61], p < 0.001). Similarly, sphingomyelin increased the risk of progression to ESRD (HR [95% CI]: 1.53 [1.19, 1.97], p = 0.001). Moreover, sphingomyelin increased the risk of CHD (HR [95% CI]: 1.24 [1.01, 1.52], p = 0.038). However, sphingomyelin did not perform better than albuminuria in the prediction of eGFR decline. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This study demonstrates for the first time in a prospective setting that sphingomyelin is associated with the fastest eGFR decline and progression to ESRD in type 1 diabetes. In addition, sphingomyelin is a risk factor for CHD. These data suggest that high sphingomyelin level, independently of classical lipid risk factors, may contribute not only to the initiation and progression of kidney disease but also to CHD. Graphical abstract.
[The significance of determination of urinary type IV collagen concentrations from a random urine collection in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus].; Recently, we have developed a highly sensitive assay system for quantitative measurement of urinary type IV collagen. To obtain a basic evaluation of the assay system we used urine specimens, collected randomly and studied the relation to diabetic nephropathy in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It was shown that this assay system could measure the samples without concentrating the urine. Urinary sediments which were reported to interfere with the assay could be removed by adding Tris-buffer. In the clinical studies, urinary type IV collagen concentrations were significantly higher in patients with NIDDM regardless of the presence or the absence of albumin. Cases with abnormal values of urinary type IV collagen in the normal albuminuria group were 41.6%, while those with abnormal values of urinary transferrin excretion were 31.0%. Furthermore, among the normal albuminuria group, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were higher in the groups of abnormal values of urinary type IV collagen than those within the reference values. These results obtained herein suggest that urinary type IV collagen could be a useful marker for the early stage of diabetic nephropathy.
Comparison of methods for renal risk prediction in patients with type 2 diabetes (ZODIAC-36).; BACKGROUND: Patients with diabetes are at high risk of death prior to reaching end-stage renal disease, but most models predicting the risk of kidney disease do not take this competing risk into account. We aimed to compare the performance of Cox regression and competing risk models for prediction of early- and late-stage renal complications in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Patients with type 2 diabetes participating in the observational ZODIAC study were included. Prediction models for (micro)albuminuria and 50% increase in serum creatinine (SCr) were developed using Cox regression and competing risk analyses. Model performance was assessed by discrimination and calibration. RESULTS: During a total follow-up period of 10 years, 183 out of 640 patients (28.6%) with normoalbuminuria developed (micro)albuminuria, and 22 patients (3.4%) died without developing (micro)albuminuria (i.e. experienced the competing event). Seventy-nine out of 1,143 patients (6.9%) reached the renal end point of 50% increase in SCr, while 219 (19.2%) died without developing the renal end point. Performance of the Cox and competing risk models predicting (micro)albuminuria was similar and differences in predicted risks were small. However, the Cox model increasingly overestimated the risk of increase in SCr in presence of a substantial number of competing events, while the performance of the competing risk model was quite good. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we demonstrated that, in case of substantial numbers of competing events, it is important to account for the competing risk of death in renal risk prediction in patients with type 2 diabetes.
A comparison of the utility of the urine dipstick and urine protein-to-creatinine ratio for predicting microalbuminuria in patients with non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases -a comparison with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The utility of dipstick proteinuria for predicting microalbuminuria in non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases compared with the urine protein-to-creatinine ratio (uPCR) and the effect of dipstick proteinuria on the cut-off value (CO) and accuracy of uPCR are unclear. METHODS: The subjects included Japanese patients ≥ 18 years old with lifestyle-related diseases who had an estimated glomerular filtration rate of ≥ 15 ml/min/1.73 m(2) and uPCR of < 0.5 g/gCr at initiation. Urine dipstick, uPCR and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (uACR) were measured three times per case. Microalbuminuria was defined as uACR of 30-299 mg/gCr for at least 2 of 3 measurements. Youden's Index was used as the optimal CO. Factors associated with microalbuminuria were analyzed using a logistic regression model. RESULTS: In 313 non-diabetic cases (median 70.8 years old), 3 dipstick proteinuria measurements were independently useful for detecting microalbuminuria, and the CO was set when a trace finding was obtained at least 1 of 3 times (sensitivity 0.56, specificity 0.80, positive predictive value [PPV] 0.73, negative predictive value [NPV] 0.65). A single uPCR measurement was more useful than 3 dipstick measurements, and was useful for detecting microalbuminuria even in cases with three consecutive negative proteinuria findings, indicating that the CO of the second uPCR with G1-3a (n = 136) was 0.06 g/gCr (sensitivity 0.76, specificity 0.84. PPV 0.68, NPV 0.89), while that with G3-b4 (n = 59) was 0.10 g/gCr (sensitivity 0.56, specificity 0.91. PPV 0.83, NPV 0.71). The sum of 3 uPCRs was useful for detecting microalbuminuria in cases with G1-3a (sensitivity 0.67, specificity 0.94, PPV 0.82, NPV 0.86) and G3b-4 (sensitivity 0.78, specificity 0.94, PPV 0.91 NPV 0.83), with both COs being 0.23 g/gCr. These COs of microalbuminuria did not change when trace or more proteinuria was included, although the sensitivity increased. A high uPCR and low urine specific gravity or creatinine level were independent factors for uACR ≥ 30 mg/gCr in cases with negative proteinuria, although the uPCR was a major predictive factor of a uACR ≥ 30 mg/gCr. CONCLUSIONS: The uPCR (preferably determined using early-morning urine), including in dipstick-negative proteinuria cases with non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases, can aid in the early detection of microalbuminuria. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Retrospectively registered.
Plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide and mortality in type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Raised N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is associated with a poor cardiac outcome in non-diabetic populations. Elevated NT-proBNP predicts excess morbidity and mortality in diabetic patients with an elevated urinary albumin excretion rate. This study investigated the prognostic value of NT-proBNP in a cohort of type 2 diabetic patients. SUBJECTS, MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a prospective observational follow-up study, 315 type 2 diabetic patients with normoalbuminuria (n=188), microalbuminuria (n=80) and macroalbuminuria (n=47) at baseline were followed for a median (range) of 15.5 (0.2-17.0) years. Plasma NT-proBNP concentrations were determined by immunoassay at baseline. Endpoints were overall and cardiovascular mortality. RESULTS: Of the patients, 162 died (51%), 119 of them (74%) due to cardiovascular causes. All-cause mortality was increased in patients with NT-proBNP in the second and third tertiles (hazard ratios [95% CI] compared with the first tertile, 1.70 [1.08-2.67] and 5.19 [3.43-7.88], p<0.001). These associations persisted after adjustment for urinary albumin excretion rate, glomerular filtration rate and conventional cardiovascular risk factors (covariate adjusted hazard ratios 1.46 [0.91-2.33] and 2.54 [1.56-4.14], p<0.001). This increased mortality was attributable to more cardiovascular deaths in the second and third NT-proBNP tertile (unadjusted hazard ratios 1.63 [0.96-2.77] and 4.88 [3.01-7.91], p<0.001; covariate adjusted 1.37 [0.79-2.37] and 2.26 [1.27-4.02], p=0.01). When patients with normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria were analysed separately, NT-proBNP levels above the median (62 ng/l) were consistently associated with increased overall and cardiovascular mortality in all three groups (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In patients with type 2 diabetes, elevated circulating NT-proBNP is a strong predictor of the excess overall and cardiovascular mortality, this predictor status being independent of urinary albumin excretion rate and conventional cardiovascular risk factors.
Deletion of MK2 signalling in vivo inhibits small Hsp phosphorylation but not diabetic nephropathy.; It is supposed that some stress-induced heat shock proteins (Hsps) are regulated through e.g. stimulation of the p38MAPK/MK(MAPKAP)-2 signalling pathway. It has been postulated from in vitro experiments that phosphorylation of Hsp25(rodents)/Hsp27(human), the major phosphorylation substrate of MK2, is responsible for mesangial contractility and glomerular hyperfiltration in the diabetic kidney. To verify this hypothesis in vivo we studied the renal function of nondiabetic and streptozotocin (STZ)-induced, diabetic MK2(-/-) mice in comparison to wild-type (WT) control mice. Following 8 weeks of hyperglycaemia, light microscopy showed increased glomerulosclerosis and tubulointerstitial renal fibrosis in both diabetic study groups. Protein analysis demonstrated that Hsp25 phosphorylation is stimulated upon high-glucose condition but inhibited in the diabetic MK2(-/-) mice. However, we found the kidney-body weight ratio significantly increased in diabetic WT and MK2(-/-) mice. No difference regarding the increased expression of the extracellular matrix proteins and TGF-beta1 between both diabetic study groups was observed. Importantly, diabetic MK2(-/-) mice showed no protection against renal hyperfiltration in the diabetic state and the development of diabetic albuminuria. Although activation of p38MAPK has been previously shown in diabetes mellitus, our results indicate that blockade of the downstream MK2/Hsp25 signalling pathway does not interfere with the development of early diabetic nephropathy.
Clinical value of lymphocyte count in autoimmune diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVES: In recent years, the prevalence of diabetic nephropathy (DN) has increased significantly. An increasing number of studies have shown that lymphocyte-associated inflammatory responses play a role in DN. This study aims to investigate the relationship between lymphocytes and DN in patients with autoimmune diabetes. METHODS: The clinical data of 226 patients with Type 1 diabetes (T1D) and 79 patients with latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) were retrospectively studied and stratified according to the urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR). Risk factors associated with DN were analyzed using correlation analysis and logistic regression. RESULTS: In T1D and LADA patients, systolic blood pressure (SBP), uric acid duration, and diabetes duration in patients with normoalbuminuria were lower or shorter than those in patients with macroalbuminuria (P<0.05). The lymphocyte count of T1D patients was significantly higher than that in LADA patients (P<0.05), while the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) of T1D patients was significantly lower than that in LADA patients (P<0.05). The lymphocyte count in the T1D patients with normoalbuminuria was lower than that those with macroalbuminuria (P<0.05). The NLR was lower in the T1D patients with macroalbuminuria than those with microalbuminuria and normoproteinuria (all P<0.01). Based on logistic regression analysis, lymphocytes were independently associated with DN in T1D after adjusting for various known risk factors such as course of disease, age, gender, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and smoking status. Analysis of the receiver operating characteristic curve of subjects predicting lymphocytes in normoalbuminuria showed that the area under the curve was 0.601 (95% CI 0.510 to 0.693, P=0.039), and when the cutoff value of lymphocytes was 2.332, the sensitivity was 37.0%, and the specificity was 82.5%. CONCLUSIONS: Lymphocyte counts in autoimmune diabetic patients are closely associated with DN, suggesting that lymphocyte-mediated inflammation may be involved in the pathogenesis of DN in autoimmune diabetic patients. This study provides a possible perspective for using lymphocytes as a potential biomarker for the early identification of individuals at risk for DN and potential therapeutic targets for DN.
Plasma B-type natriuretic peptide is useful for cardiovascular risk assessment in community-based diabetes subjects: comparison with albuminuria.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a strong risk factor for cardiovascular (CV) disease. Plasma B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels are elevated in various types of cardiac diseases. Increased plasma BNP levels have been reported to be associated with CV risk in apparently healthy individuals. However, no studies have yet examined the specific value of plasma BNP for predicting CV incidence in unselected DM subjects in a community-based population.In a community-based DM cohort (n = 1,059, mean = 66 years), baseline BNP levels were determined, and CV events were followed and captured prospectively. The cohort was divided by plasma BNP quintiles. The Cox proportional hazard model was used to determine the relative hazard ratios (HR) among the quintiles. In addition, the effects of adding the plasma BNP or urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) to an established CV risk scoring model was examined by calculating the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC).During the 5.7 year follow-up period, CV events were identified in 65 of the DM cohort. There was a significant association between plasma BNP levels and CV event rate (P < 0.001). HR was significantly increased in the highest quintile compared to the lowest (HR = 4.38; 95%CI 1.69 -11.84). The AUC generated from ROC analysis of the Framingham risk score for predicting general CV events was improved by adding BNP testing (from 0.66 to 0.74; P = 0.05), but not by adding UACR (from 0.66 to 0.67; P = 0.49).In a community sample of people with DM, plasma BNP levels above the 80 percentile are directly associated with CV risk, and measurement of plasma BNP alone or in conjunction with an established CV risk score is of value in predicting CV events in these subjects.
Microalbuminuria in patients with essential hypertension and its relationship to target organ damage: an Indian experience.; Persistent microalbuminuria (MA) is the earliest indicator of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in patients with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Patients with MA have high risk for target organ damage (TOD) resulting in stroke, retinopathy and adverse cardiovascular events. Though the prevalence of hypertension is high in India, the relationship between MA and TOD in hypertension is not well studied. To address this issue, this study was conducted at the Kottayam Medical College, Kerala, South India, between May 2005 and October 2006. The principal aim was to find out the prevalence of MA and its relationship to TOD in patients with essential hypertension. A total of 150 hypertensives without diabetes mellitus and/or other conditions causing MA were studied. Urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) was assessed and MA was defined as albumin excretion between 30-300 mg/day. The relationship of MA with the duration, severity and previous treatment of hypertension, body mass index (BMI), lipid profile and TOD's like left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH), hypertensive retinopathy and stroke was assessed by univariate analysis. Forty patients (26.67%) were found to have MA of whom 24 were males and 16 were females. MA was significantly higher in those with longer duration and greater severity of hypertension (p < 0.001 in each). Older age (p < 0.001), adverse lipid profile (p < 0.01) and higher BMI (p < 0.04) were the other identifiable risk factors for MA. Gender and history of smoking did not pose higher risk for MA. Stroke (OR=3.8), echocardiography-proven LVH (OR=9.42) and hypertensive retinopathy (OR=9.7) were significantly higher in those with MA. In conclusion, the prevalence of MA in essential hypertension is high and patients with MA have high odds for developing TOD like stroke, LVH and hypertensive retinopathy. Early screening of hypertensives for MA and prompt treatment of positive cases might reduce the burden of CKD and cardiovascular disease in the community.
Significance of anti-glomerular basement membrane antibodies in type 2 diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic glomerulosclerosis is a common cause of proteinuria in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), however, primary glomerulonephritis can superimpose on it. The aim of this study is to evaluate the significance of anti-glomerular basement membrane (GBM) antibodies in type 2 DM. METHODS: We choose 60 well known Saudi patients with type 2 DM diagnosed according to American Diabetes Association criteria attending the medical outpatient clinic at Al-Noor Specialist Hospital in Makkah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia between July 2004 and December 2004, after written consent and divided them into 3 groups according to the degree of albuminuria, either normal, micro albuminuric or with diabetic nephropathy. We choose 20 healthy subjects as the control. We checked anti-GBM serum level by indirect solid phase immunosorbent assay (ELISA). RESULTS: There was significant increase in anti-GBM serum levels in diabetic patients compared with the control subjects, mainly in the normal and micro albuminuric patients groups, but not in patients with diabetic nephropathy. CONCLUSION: Anti-GBM antibodies are a significant predictor of diabetic nephropathy especially in the early phases, however, we need further studies to document its clinical importance in such common, important diabetic complications.
Value of the intrarenal arterial resistivity indices and different renal biomarkers for early identification of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare resistivity index (RI) in type 1 diabetic patients and normal controls and to evaluate whether high RI is associated with different biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy (DN) as early detection of DN offers the best chance of delaying or possibly preventing progression to end-stage renal disease. METHODS: The study included 62 type 1 diabetic patients and 30 healthy volunteers of the same age and sex. Blood samples were taken for assessment of glycosylated hemoglobin, lipid profile and urine samples were taken for assessment of albumin/creatinine ratio, neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), liver-type fatty acid binding protein (L-FABP) and kidney injury molecule-1 (Kim-1). Forty-five diabetic patients and 30 controls had a renal Doppler ultrasonography. t-Test or Mann Whitney U-test for independent variables, Pearson's or Spearman correlation analysis were used. RESULTS: The mean age of diabetic patients was 16.3±1.5 years, and mean duration of diabetes was 9.4±2.9 years. RI, albumin/creatinine ratio, NGAL, Kim-1 and L-FABP were significantly higher in diabetics than in controls. RI, NGAL, Kim-1, and L-FABP were significantly higher in microalbuminuric compared to normoalbuminuric diabetics. In normoalbuminuric diabetics, RI, NGAL, Kim-1 and L-FABP were significantly higher compared to controls. The study revealed significant positive correlation between the RI in diabetics and both KIM-1 and albumin/creatinine ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Increased RI and renal biomarkers in diabetics are early sensitive specific markers of DN, even preceded the development of microalbuminuria, denoting that they can be used as an early and sensitive markers for early detection of DN.
Diagnostic Accuracy of Neutrophil Gelatinase-Associated Lipocalin for Predicting Early Diabetic Nephropathy in Patients with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Currently, there is a lack of prediction markers for diabetic nephropathy (DN) in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T1DM/T2DM). The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the value of a promising biomarker, neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL), in both serum and urine for the diagnosis of early DN in T1DM and T2DM patients with different stages of albuminuria. METHODS: A comprehensive search was performed on PubMed by 2 reviewers until September 2018. Studies in which (a) the degree of DN was determined according to the urinary albumin/creatinine ratio and (b) NGAL was measured in healthy individuals and in diabetes patients with DN were included in the meta-analysis. For each study, a 2 × 2 contingency table was formulated. Sensitivity, specificity, and other estimates of accuracy were calculated using a bivariate random effects model. The hierarchical summary ROC method was used to pool data and to evaluate the area under the curve (AUC). The sources of heterogeneity were explored by subgroup analysis. Publication bias was assessed using the Deeks test. RESULTS: The meta-analysis enrolled 22 studies involving 683 healthy individuals and 3249 patients with diabetes, of which 488 were T1DM and 2761 were T2DM patients. Overall, pooled sensitivity and specificity among the different settings analyzed ranged from 0.42 (95% CI, 0.22-0.66) to 1.00 (95% CI, 0.99-1.00) and 0.72 (95% CI, 0.62-0.80) to 0.98 (95% CI, 0.50-1.00) in T2DM patients, respectively. For T1DM patients, the corresponding estimates were 0.71 (95% CI, 0.59-0.81) to 0.89 (95% CI, 0.64-0.97) and 0.72 (95% CI, 0.62-0.80) to 0.79 (95% CI, 0.67-0.87). The AUC of NGAL for T2DM patients ranged from 0.69 (95% CI, 0.65-0.73) to 1.00 (95% CI, 0.99-1.00) in the different settings. CONCLUSION: The results of this meta-analysis suggest that NGAL in both serum and urine can be considered a valuable biomarker for early detection of DN in diabetes patients.
A further investigation on a MALDI-based method for evaluation of markers of renal damage.; The validity of the urinary protein profile to characterize the pathological states of diabetic, nephropathic and diabetic-nephropathic patients was considered on the basis of previously obtained results by MALDI/MS, showing a different abundance ratio of the collagen alpha1 and alpha5 chain precursor fragments at m/z 1219 and 2049 and of the uromodulin precursor fragment at m/z 1912 observed in healthy subjects and patients; a larger number of subjects was examined and the obtained results were statistically evaluated. The p values related to the observed differences indicate that they are statistically significant when comparing all patients versus healthy controls, diabetic with normo or microalbuminuria versus nephropathic with advanced renal disease patients and diabetic with normo or microalbuminuria versus diabetic with advanced nephropathy patients. The scatter plot matrix gives evidence of the strict inverse relationship between the abundances of ions at m/z 1912 and 1219, the correlation coefficient being particularly high (r = 0.921, p < 0.001). The relationship between the true positive rate (sensitivity) and false positive rate (1-specificity) for every possible cutoff value in abundance of the considered ionic species was investigated through the receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The obtained data indicate that a good differentiation of nephropathic patients with advanced renal disease and diabetic patients with advanced nephropathy versus healthy subjects can be easily obtained by this approach.
Does microalbuminuria predict diabetic nephropathy?; OBJECTIVE: To describe risk factors associated with microalbuminuria (MA) in subjects with diabetes, investigate the predictive value of MA as a marker of risk for diabetic nephropathy (DN), and define risk factors associated with the development and progression of MA. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a prospective longitudinal study of 23 diabetic subjects with persistent MA and 209 diabetic subjects without MA who attended diabetes clinics at the University of Michigan Medical Center in 1989 and 1990. Both groups were examined at baseline and after 7 years. At baseline, urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratios were studied in random, first morning, and 24-h urine samples. At follow-up, a 12-h overnight urine sample was collected and analyzed for albumin and creatinine. At baseline, MA was defined by at least two separate urine specimens with albumin-to-creatinine ratios between 30 and 299 microg albumin per milligram of creatinine. RESULTS: MA regressed in 56% of subjects with baseline MA without systematic application of corrective measures and developed in 16% of subjects without baseline MA. The predictive value positive of MA as a marker of risk for DN was 43%, and the predictive value negative was 77%. In the combined cohort, the incidence and progression of MA were significantly associated with poor glycemic control and duration of diabetes between 10 and 14 years. CONCLUSIONS: MA may not be as sensitive and specific a predictor of DN as previously suggested. Other markers of risk for DN are needed for optimal clinical management.
Predictors of abnormal cardiovascular autonomic function measured by frequence domain analysis of heart rate variability and conventional tests in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Frequency domain analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) is used to assess cardiovascular autonomic function. There are no prospective data on the sensitivity of its various components to glycemia or other diabetes-related risk factors compared with conventional tests and with other complications of diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In 1985, possible risk factors of future complications were determined in 115 children with type 1 diabetes. In 1996, the presence of complications (HRV analysis, conventional tests of autonomic function, urinary albumin excretion rate [UAER], and retinopathy) were assessed in 83 of these patients (age 32 +/- 1 years, duration of diabetes 22 +/- 1 years). RESULTS: Poor glycemic control (measured as lifetime glycemic exposure or HbA1c in 1985) was the most important independent predictor of decreases in all measures of absolute power of HRV (total power [TP] and very low frequency, low frequency [LF], and high frequency [HF] power) and square root of the mean square of R-R interval differences but not of changes of normalized measures or ratios (normalized HF and LF LF/HF). Other significant independent predictors of autonomic dysfunction were late age of onset of diabetes, female sex, and high BMI. To examine the sensitivity of the various tests to glycemia, the patients were divided into tertiles based on lifetime glycemic exposure (A1c months). Glycemic exposure in the tertiles averaged 194 +/- 25 A1c months (20 years of HbA1c 0.8% above normal), 556 +/- 19 A1c months(20 years of HbA1c 2.3% above normal), and 963 +/- 30 A1c months (20 years of HbA1c 4% above normal). Tests of complications that were significantly abnormal in patients already in the lowest tertile and were correlated with glycemia were TP and severity of retinopathy. Of conventional tests, only the ratio of length of R-R intervals during expiration to inspiration (E/I ratio) was significantly related to glycemic exposure, but it required high glycemic exposure (20 years of HbA1c 4% above normal) to be abnormal. UAER was significantly increased only in the highest tertile of glycemic exposure. CONCLUSIONS: TP and retinopathy score were much more sensitive to antecedent glycemia than conventional tests of autonomic function or UAER and were significantly abnormal in patients exposed to approximately 20 years' duration of an HbA1c 0.8% above normal.
Thrombin generation in type 2 diabetes with albuminuria and macrovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Albuminuria is an indicator of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetic mellitus (T2DM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In our cross-sectional study, we measured thrombin generation (TG), a key process in haemostasis and a tool to detect an individual's coagulation potential, in normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria in T2DM with and without macrovascular disease (MVD). The TG-assay was performed, and the TG-curve [including the lag phase, peak thrombin and area under the curve (AUC)] was analysed. RESULTS: A total of 160 patients (62 women; mean age ± SD: 67 ± 11 years) with T2DM and normo-, micro- or macroalbuminuria were investigated. Of those, 90 (56%) patients had normoalbuminuria, 40 (25%) microalbuminuria and 30 (19%) macroalbuminuria. The AUC between the groups of patients with normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria was statistically significantly different [3297 (2785; 3764) vs. 3222 (2381; 3678) vs. 3726 (3153; 4235) nM Thrombin; P = 0AE019]. T2DM patients with MVD (n = 121) had a significantly shorter lag phase [12 (9; 16) vs. 20 (15; 25) min; P < 0AE001], a significantly higher peak thrombin [233 (130; 339) vs. 133 (82; 187) nM; P < 0AE001] and a significantly higher AUC [3464 (2969; 3868) vs. 3091 (2384; 3619) nM Thrombin; P = 0AE01] than T2DM patients without MVD (n = 39), indicating an earlier and higher thrombin generation. CONCLUSION: Our results support the hypothesis that TG may be involved in the pathogenesis of MVD in diabetic nephropathy as for the first time, we could show that patients with T2DM in different stages of diabetic nephropathy had disturbances in thrombin generation.
A simple diabetes vascular severity staging instrument and its application to a Torres Strait Islander and Aboriginal adult cohort of north Australia.; BACKGROUND: To develop an instrument that predicts diabetes-related vascular disease severity using routinely collected data on Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander adults with type 2 diabetes, in the absence of diabetes duration. METHODS: A complex diabetes severity classification system was simplified and adapted for use with an Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander adult population with type 2 diabetes in north Queensland. Detailed vascular health risks and morbidities were mapped to routinely collected measures. Individual-level health screening, hospital separation and mortality data were linked and used to plot mean monthly in-patient hospital cost and percent mortality by disease severity as defined by the newly developed instrument, to test construct validity. RESULTS: The revised instrument consists of four combined diabetes-related microvascular and macrovascular stages that range from least severe (stage 1) to severe irreversible vascular impairment (stage 4). When applied to data of an Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australian population the instrument showed good construct validity, predicting higher hospital cost and mortality as vascular disease severity increased. CONCLUSIONS: This instrument discriminates between levels of diabetes-related vascular disease severity, displays good construct validity by predicting increased hospital cost and mortality with worsening severity and can be populated with routinely collected data. It may assist with future health service research and its use could be extended to practice settings for health care planning for diabetes management programs and monitoring vascular disease progression.
Effect of glycemic control on microalbuminuria development among type 2 diabetes with high-normal albuminuria.; This study was aimed at revealing the factors and the interrelationships between factors on microalbuminuria development among type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. Between 2004 and 2011, 461 T2D patients with a baseline urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) of <30 mg/g, and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of >60 mL/min were evaluated retrospectively. Sixty-eight (14.8%) subjects had developed microalbuminuria in a mean follow-up of 6.82 years. Statistical analysis had revealed that the higher baseline UACR (10 mg/g; sensitivity, 80.9%, specificity, 63.6%; AUC = 0.774) and glycohemoglobin level (HbA1c) (8%; sensitivity, 72.1%, specificity, 61.6%; AUC = 0.698) were the two independent microalbuminuria risk factors. When considering the risk of microalbuminuria, the data were normalized with respect to subjects with low-normal UACR (<10 mg/g) and HbA1c < 8%. The adjusted hazard ratio for subjects with low-normal UACR/HbA1c > 8%, high-normal UACR/HbA1c < 8%, and high-normal UACR/HbA1c >8% were 2.59 (p = 0.107), 6.15 (p = 0.001), and 16.96 (p < 0.001), respectively. It was determined that an increase of HbA1c levels (<8, 8-9, 9-10, >10%) showed a progressively increase of the hazard risk in baseline high-normal UACR group. But the same correlation was not shown in the low-normal UACR group. This study identified the relationships of high-normal albuminuria and glycemic control on microalbuminuria development among T2D patients. Glycemic control is especially beneficial for T2D patients with baseline high-normal UACR in preventing microalbuminuria development.
Association of CKD with Incident Tuberculosis.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The incidence and risk of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in people with predialysis CKD has rarely been studied, although CKD prevalence is increasing in certain countries where Mycobacterium tuberculosis is endemic. We aimed to investigate the association between predialysis CKD and active Mycobacterium tuberculosis risks in a nation with moderate Mycobacterium tuberculosis risk. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: In this nationwide retrospective cohort study, we reviewed the National Health Insurance Database of Korea, screening 17,020,339 people who received a national health screening two or more times from 2012 to 2016. Predialysis CKD was identified with consecutive laboratory results indicative of CKD (e.g., persistent eGFR <60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) or dipstick albuminuria). People with preexisting active Mycobacterium tuberculosis or kidney replacement therapy were excluded. A 1:1 matched control group without CKD was included with matching for age, sex, low-income status, and smoking history. The risk of incident active Mycobacterium tuberculosis, identified in the claims database, was assessed by the multivariable Cox regression model, which included both matched and unmatched variables (e.g., body mass index, diabetes, hypertension, places of residence, and other comorbidities). RESULTS: We included 408,873 people with predialysis CKD and the same number of controls. We identified 1704 patients with active Mycobacterium tuberculosis (incidence rate =137.5/100,000 person-years) in the predialysis CKD group and 1518 patients with active Mycobacterium tuberculosis (incidence rate =121.9/100,000 person-years) in the matched controls. The active Mycobacterium tuberculosis risk was significantly higher in the predialysis CKD group (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.13 to 1.30). The risk factors for active Mycobacterium tuberculosis among the predialysis CKD group were old age, men, current smoking, low income, underlying diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes CKD stage 1 (eGFR≥90 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) with persistent albuminuria) or stage 4/5 without dialysis (eGFR<30 ml/min per 1.73 m(2)). CONCLUSIONS: In the Korean population, the incidence of active Mycobacterium tuberculosis was higher in people with versus without predialysis CKD.
Assessment of Serum and Urine Neurophil Gelatinase- Associated Lipocalin (s-NGAL and u-NGAL) Level as a Predictive Factor of Disease Progression in Diabetic Nephropathy in Type 2 DM.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a major complication of diabetes Mellitus. Early detection and intervention of DN can slow its progression and improve patients' outcomes. Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) as a marker of tubular damage might become a useful biomarker for the evaluation of renal involvement in diabetic patients. We aimed to evaluate the serum and urine NGAL(s-NGAL and u-NGAL) in type 2 diabetic patients and its correlation with different stages of diabetic nephropathy. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was designed on 198 subjects consisted of 50 controls and 148 type 2 diabetes patients (50 normoalbuminuric, 58 microalbuminuric, and 40 macroalbuminuric). The study was conducted with measuring s-NGAL and u-NGAL, albumin and spot urine creatinine were also measured. RESULTS: A highly increased level of s-NGAL was detected in macroalbuminuric group compared with controls, normoalbuminurics and microalbuminurics (P < .01). Highly raised u-NGAL levels were observed in macroalbuminurics in comparison with controls (P < .01). ROC curve demonstrated the best sensitivity and specificity of s-NGAL/u-NGAL for the macroalbuminuric state (sensitivity, 26% and 60%; specificity, 98% and 72%; respectively), in which the best cut-off points for the detection of macroalbuminuric state for s-NGAL/u-NGAL were 300 ng/mL and 71.4 ng/mL, respectively. CONCLUSION: Serum and urine-NGAL are elevated in type 2 diabetic patients, with or without albuminuria, s-NGAL level clearly correlates with severity of renal damage caused by DN and u-NGAL increases in macroalbuminuric state. S-NGAL could be a useful, noninvasive, available and practical test for evaluation of diabetic renal involvement. We could suggest u-NGAL as a probable predictor of macroalbuminuria.
A prediction model for chronic kidney disease includes periodontal disease.; BACKGROUND: An estimated 75% of the seven million Americans with moderate-to-severe chronic kidney disease are undiagnosed. Improved prediction models to identify high-risk subgroups for chronic kidney disease enhance the ability of health care providers to prevent or delay serious sequelae, including kidney failure, cardiovascular disease, and premature death. METHODS: We identified 11,955 adults > or =18 years of age in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Chronic kidney disease was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate of 15 to 59 ml/minute/1.73 m(2). High-risk subgroups for chronic kidney disease were identified by estimating the individual probability using beta coefficients from the model of traditional and non-traditional risk factors. To evaluate this model, we performed standard diagnostic analyses of sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value using 5%, 10%, 15%, and 20% probability cutoff points. RESULTS: The estimated probability of chronic kidney disease ranged from virtually no probability (0%) for an individual with none of the 12 risk factors to very high probability (98%) for an older, non-Hispanic white edentulous former smoker, with diabetes > or =10 years, hypertension, macroalbuminuria, high cholesterol, low high-density lipoprotein, high C-reactive protein, lower income, and who was hospitalized in the past year. Evaluation of this model using an estimated 5% probability cutoff point resulted in 86% sensitivity, 85% specificity, 18% positive predictive value, and 99% negative predictive value. CONCLUSION: This United States population-based study suggested the importance of considering multiple risk factors, including periodontal status, because this improves the identification of individuals at high risk for chronic kidney disease and may ultimately reduce its burden.
Spectrum of renal disease in diabetes.; The spectrum of renal disease in patients with diabetes encompasses both diabetic kidney disease (including albuminuric and non-albuminuric phenotypes) and non-diabetic kidney disease. Diabetic kidney disease can manifest as varying degrees of renal insufficiency and albuminuria, with heterogeneity in histology reported on renal biopsy. For patients with diabetes and proteinuria, the finding of non-diabetic kidney disease alone or superimposed on the changes of diabetic nephropathy is increasingly reported. It is important to identify non-diabetic kidney disease as some forms are treatable, sometimes leading to remission. Clinical indications for a heightened suspicion of non-diabetic kidney disease and hence consideration for renal biopsy in patients with diabetes and nephropathy include absence of diabetic retinopathy, short duration of diabetes, atypical chronology, presence of haematuria or other systemic disease, and the nephrotic syndrome.
Indications for renal biopsy in patients with diabetes. Joint position statement of the Italian Society of Nephrology and the Italian Diabetes Society.; AIMS: This joint document of the Italian Society of Nephrology and the Italian Diabetes Society reviews the main indications to perform a renal biopsy in diabetic patients, according to the recommendations of a panel of experts based on all available scientific evidence. DATA SYNTHESIS: Renal biopsy has a pivotal role in assessing the nature and severity of renal injury in patients with diabetic kidney disease (DKD). The procedure is mandatory in the presence of one of more of the following features: rapid onset or progression of albuminuria or sudden onset of nephrotic syndrome, rapid GFR decline with or without albuminuria, hematuria, active urine sediment, clinical and/or laboratory suspicion of other systemic diseases, and, in patients with type 1 diabetes, short diabetes duration and absence of retinopathy. Indeed, ~40% of diabetic individuals with kidney injury undergoing renal biopsy are affected by a non-diabetic renal disease (NDRD). Furthermore, the histological evaluation of patients with suspected classical diabetic nephropathy allows to define the extent of glomerular, tubulo-interstitial and vascular lesions, thus providing important prognostic (and potentially therapeutic) data. In the future, the indications for renal biopsy might be extended to the definition of the histological lesions underlying the "nonalbuminuric" DKD phenotypes, as well as to the evaluation of the response to treatment with the new anti-hyperglycemic drugs that provide cardiorenal protection. CONCLUSIONS: In view of the heterogeneous clinical presentation and course of DKD and of the related heterogeneous histopathological patterns, a more extensive use of renal biopsy may be crucial to provide valuable information with important pathogenic, diagnostic, prognostic, and therapeutic implications.
Metabolic diversity of progressive kidney disease in 325 patients with type 1 diabetes (the FinnDiane Study).; Type 1 diabetic patients with varying severity of kidney disease were investigated to create multimetabolite models of the disease process. Urinary albumin excretion rate was measured for 3358 patients with type 1 diabetes. Prospective records were available for 1051 patients, of whom 163 showed progression of albuminuria (8.3-year follow-up), and 162 were selected as stable controls. At baseline, serum lipids, lipoprotein subclasses, and low-molecular weight metabolites were quantified by NMR spectroscopy (325 samples). The data were analyzed by the self-organizing map. In cross-sectional analyses, patients with no complications had low serum lipids, less inflammation, and better glycemic control, whereas patients with advanced kidney disease had high serum cystatin-C and sphingomyelin. These phenotype extremes shared low unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) and phospholipids. Prospectively, progressive albuminuria was associated with high UFAs, phospholipids, and IDL and LDL lipids. Progression at longer duration was associated with high HDL lipids, whereas earlier progression was associated with poor glycemic control, increased saturated fatty acids (SFAs), and inflammation. Diabetic kidney disease consists of diverse metabolic phenotypes: UFAs, phospholipids, IDL, and LDL may be important in the subclinical phase, high SFAs and low HDL suggest accelerated progression, and the sphingolipid pathway in advanced kidney injury deserves further research.
One-year estimated glomerular filtration rate decline as a risk factor of cardiovascular and renal end-points in high-risk Japanese patients.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: As estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) progression might correlate with cardiovascular prognosis, the correlation between 1-year decline in eGFR and cardiovascular incidences and renal outcome was investigated. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The 1-year percentage decline in eGFR at the first observation year was calculated in a cohort of the standard versus intEnsive statin therapy for hypercholesteroleMic Patients with diAbetic retinopaTHY (EMPATHY) trial participants. The primary end-point was the composite cardiovascular end-point including the renal end-point. The associations between the incidence of each end-point and clinical markers were analyzed using the Cox proportional hazards regression model. RESULTS: A total of 4,461 patients were analyzed. The mean observation period was 765.3 ± 363.1 days. The best cut-off value of 1-year eGFR decline was 0.099 in the first year for renal end-point prediction by receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. The area under the curve of the model including the 1-year eGFR decline of the first year was significantly larger than the model without it (0.943, 95% confidence interval 0.915-0.971 to 0.967, 95% confidence interval 0.950-0.983, P = 0.019). Primary end-point incidences and the renal end-point were much higher in rapid eGFR decliners compared with non-decliners (P < 0.0001). The cardiovascular end-point incidence, except for the renal end-point, was not different between the groups. According to Cox regression analysis, 1-year eGFR decline during the first year was a significant risk factor for the end-points, including the renal end-point, independent of albuminuria and eGFR at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: The 1-year eGFR decline rate provided useful information for cardiovascular end-point predictions, including the renal end-point, in addition to the conventional risk factors.
Clinical verification of a novel urinary microRNA panal: 133b, -342 and -30 as biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy identified by bioinformatics analysis.; BACKGROUND: Because microvascular disease is one of the major drivers of diabetic complications, early detection of diabetic nephropathy (DN) by assessing the expression of exosomal microRNAs (miRNAs) in DN patients and healthy controls, may be of clinical value. The aim of this study wasto identify a novel miRNA panel of DN by combining bioinformatics analysis of miRNA databases and clinical verification to evaluate the significance of this panel as urine biomarkers for type 2 diabetic nephropathy (T2DN). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Public miRNA databases e.g miro-Ontology and miRWalk were analyzed and a novel panel of 3 microRNAs was retrieved. Meanwhile, combinatorial target prediction algorithms were applied. Multiple case-matched normal were examined by quantative RT-PCR for differential expression in urine exosomes from 210 participants, and the three identified miRNAs were validated as DN biomarkers. RESULTS: We found urinary exosomalmiR-133b, miR-342, and miR-30a were expressed at significantly elevated levels in T2DN patients (P<0.001) compared to normal. Furthermore, high-level expression of the 3 miRNAs was associated withHbA1c,systolic-diastolic blood pressure, LDL, serum creatinine, urinary albumin creatinine ratio and estimated glomerular filtration rate(eGFR). Moreover, 39.3%, 19.6% and 17.9% of patients with normo-albuminuria had positive (miR-133b, miR-342 and miR-30a, respectively); indicating the possibility of molecular changes in these patients before onset of albuminuria. CONCLUSION: We have identified novel urinary exosomal miRNA biomarkers of DN which were altered not only in micro and macroalbuminuric groups but also in some normoalbuminuria cases prior to albuminuria.
Multicentric validation of proteomic biomarkers in urine specific for diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Urine proteome analysis is rapidly emerging as a tool for diagnosis and prognosis in disease states. For diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN), urinary proteome analysis was successfully applied in a pilot study. The validity of the previously established proteomic biomarkers with respect to the diagnostic and prognostic potential was assessed on a separate set of patients recruited at three different European centers. In this case-control study of 148 Caucasian patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 and duration ≥5 years, cases of DN were defined as albuminuria >300 mg/d and diabetic retinopathy (n = 66). Controls were matched for gender and diabetes duration (n = 82). METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Proteome analysis was performed blinded using high-resolution capillary electrophoresis coupled with mass spectrometry (CE-MS). Data were evaluated employing the previously developed model for DN. Upon unblinding, the model for DN showed 93.8% sensitivity and 91.4% specificity, with an AUC of 0.948 (95% CI 0.898-0.978). Of 65 previously identified peptides, 60 were significantly different between cases and controls of this study. In <10% of cases and controls classification by proteome analysis not entirely resulted in the expected clinical outcome. Analysis of patient's subsequent clinical course revealed later progression to DN in some of the false positive classified DN control patients. CONCLUSIONS: These data provide the first independent confirmation that profiling of the urinary proteome by CE-MS can adequately identify subjects with DN, supporting the generalizability of this approach. The data further establish urinary collagen fragments as biomarkers for diabetes-induced renal damage that may serve as earlier and more specific biomarkers than the currently used urinary albumin.
Plasma dephosphorylated-uncarboxylated Matrix Gla-Protein (dp-ucMGP): reference intervals in Caucasian adults and diabetic kidney disease biomarker potential.; Recent studies suggest a possible association between dephosphorylated-uncarboxylated MGP (dp-ucMGP) and glomerular filtration rate (GFR). This study aimed to establish normative data in an adult Caucasian population and to explore the potential utility of dp-ucMGP in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) with and without diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Healthy volunteers (HVs) (cross-sectional study) and participants with DM (prospective cohort study) were recruited. Plasma dp-ucMGP was measured using the IDS®-iSYS Ina Ktif (dp-ucMGP) assay. Of the HVs recruited (n = 208), 67(32.2%) were excluded leaving a reference population of 141(67.8%) metabolically healthy participants with normal kidney function. Plasma dp-ucMGP RIs were <300-532 pmol/L. There were 100 eligible participants with DKD and 92 with DM without DKD. For the identification of participants with DKD, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) for dp-ucMGP was 0.842 (95%CI:0.799-0.880; p < 0.001). Plasma dp-ucMGP demonstrated similar ability to urine albumin:creatinine ratio (uACR) to detect participants with DM and renal function decline. Among patients with DM, there was a negative correlation between natural log (LN) dp-ucMGP and eGFR (r = -0.7041; p < 0.001) and rate of change in renal function [%change (r = -0.4509; p < 0.001)] and a positive correlation between LN dp-ucMGP and LN uACR (r = 0.3392; p < 0.001). These results suggest the potential for plasma dp-ucMGP with well-defined RIs to identify adults at high risk for vascular disease in the context of progressive DKD.
Urinary collagen IV and πGST: potential biomarkers for detecting localized kidney injury in diabetes--a pilot study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Urinary biomarkers can identify damage to specific parts of the nephron. We performed a cross-sectional study to characterise the pattern of diabetic nephropathy using urinary biomarkers of glomerular fibrosis (collagen IV), proximal tubular damage (α-glutathione-S-transferase, GST) and distal tubular damage (πGST). METHODS: Clinical data from 457 unselected patients attending a hospital diabetes clinic were collected. Spot urine samples were analysed for albumin and creatinine. Biomarkers were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, and corrected to urinary creatinine. RESULTS: All 3 biomarkers correlated weakly with albumin/creatinine ratios (Pearson correlation <0.2, p values <0.001). The most common abnormality was elevated urinary collagen IV (glomerular, 35%) compared to αGST (proximal tubule, 18%) or πGST (distal tubule, 15%). The proportion of patients with abnormal biomarker results increased across the normo-, micro- and macroalbuminuria groups, with collagen IV (26, 58, 65%) and πGST (11, 25, 35%) but not αGST. CONCLUSION: In patients with diabetes, these urinary biomarkers appear to identify renal damage that is related to, but distinct from, urine albumin/creatinine ratios. The markers of glomerular fibrosis and distal tubular damage related most closely to the degree of albuminuria. Longitudinal studies are now required to assess whether these biomarkers can detect early renal disease with greater specificity and sensitivity than the albumin/creatinine ratio.
A Targeted Multiomics Approach to Identify Biomarkers Associated with Rapid eGFR Decline in Type 1 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Individuals with type 1 diabetes (T1D) demonstrate varied trajectories of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) decline. The molecular pathways underlying rapid eGFR decline in T1D are poorly understood, and individual-level risk of rapid eGFR decline is difficult to predict. METHODS: We designed a case-control study with multiple exposure measurements nested within 4 well-characterized T1D cohorts (FinnDiane, Steno, EDC, and CACTI) to identify biomarkers associated with rapid eGFR decline. Here, we report the rationale for and design of these studies as well as results of models testing associations of clinical characteristics with rapid eGFR decline in the study population, upon which "omics" studies will be built. Cases (n = 535) and controls (n = 895) were defined as having an annual eGFR decline of ≥3 and <1 mL/min/1.73 m2, respectively. Associations of demographic and clinical variables with rapid eGFR decline were tested using logistic regression, and prediction was evaluated using area under the curve (AUC) statistics. Targeted metabolomics, lipidomics, and proteomics are being performed using high-resolution mass-spectrometry techniques. RESULTS: At baseline, the mean age was 43 years, diabetes duration was 27 years, eGFR was 94 mL/min/1.73 m2, and 62% of participants were normoalbuminuric. Over 7.6-year median follow-up, the mean annual change in eGFR in cases and controls was -5.7 and 0.6 mL/min/1.73 m2, respectively. Younger age, longer diabetes duration, and higher baseline HbA1c, urine albumin-creatinine ratio, and eGFR were significantly associated with rapid eGFR decline. The cross-validated AUC for the predictive model incorporating these variables plus sex and mean arterial blood pressure was 0.74 (95% CI: 0.68-0.79; p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Known risk factors provide moderate discrimination of rapid eGFR decline. Identification of blood and urine biomarkers associated with rapid eGFR decline in T1D using targeted omics strategies may provide insight into disease mechanisms and improve upon clinical predictive models using traditional risk factors.
[A search for association between the polymorphic markers of PON1 and PON2 genes and diabetic nephropathy in patients with type I diabetes mellitus].; Alleles and genotypes of polymorphic markers of paraoxonase 1 and paraoxonase 2 genes (PON1 and PON2) encoding enzymes of the body antioxidative defense were compared in type 1 diabetes mellitus patients with or without diabetic nephropathy. The patients with nonoverlapping ("polar") phenotypes constituted different groups. The first group contained patients with diabetic nephropathy (DN+, n = 62), clinical proteinuria (albuminuria above 300 mg per day), and at least 15-year disease duration. In control group, the patients had no diabetic nephropathy (DN-, n = 68), their albuminuria was below 200 mg per day, and disease duration was at least 20 years. Comparative analysis with exact Fisher's test revealed no significant differences in frequencies of alleles and genotypes of the PON1 gene polymorphic marker Gln192Arg and of PON2 gene polymorphic markers Ala148Gly and Cys311Ser. Our results suggest that the polymorphic markers studied are not associated with diabetic nephropathy among Russian patients in Moscow.
In-depth profiling of urinary N-glycome in diabetic kidney disease by ultrafast glycoprotein immobilization for glycan extraction (UltraGIG).; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a common and serious kidney-related complication of diabetic mellitus. Although albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) are commonly used diagnostic biomarkers, they have limitations in the diagnosis of DKD due to the lack of specificity and sensitivity. Urinary N-glycans are emerging as novel biomarkers for predicting renal prognosis in DKD. However, most of the current N-glycan profiling methods for DKD were based on lectin affinity enrichment or hydrophilic interaction chromatography (HILIC) with optical detection, which provided limited N-glycome coverage in low throughput. Herein, we developed a novel N-glycan purification method, termed Ultrafast Glycoprotein Immobilization for Glycan extraction (UltraGIG), for in-depth profiling of urinary N-glycome in DKD using mass spectrometry (MS). In UltraGIG, proteins were rapidly (within 40 min) immobilized to resin with high efficiency (over 98%) through NHS-reactive chemistry, and then N-glycans were enzymatically released from the resin by PNGase F. Owing to good efficiency of immobilization of proteins to resin, the subsequent washing steps to remove proteins and other impurities could be easily performed. The UltraGIG showed good selectivity towards glycans (extracting N-glycans from the mixture of IgG and BSA at a 1:100 M ratio) and samples loss was minimized (detection sensitivity at fmol level). A total of 237 N-glycan compositions were identified from urine samples with DKD and healthy controls, which representing the largest data set of N-glycome from DKD. Compared to healthy controls, 3 N-glycans were up-regulated and 14 N-glycans were down-regulated in DKD patients. Collectively, UltraGIG offers a competitive sample purification method for in-depth analysis of urinary N-glycome by MS and provide new insights into biomarker study for the diagnosis of DKD.
Imatinib attenuates diabetic nephropathy in apolipoprotein E-knockout mice.; In the diabetic kidney, clinical as well as experimental observations have shown an upregulation of growth factors such as PDGF. These studies, however, were not designed to address whether upregulation of PDGF is merely a manifestation of diabetic renal injury or whether PDGF plays an active role in the pathophysiology of diabetic nephropathy. The objectives of this study were first to assess whether PDGF-dependent pathways are involved in the development of diabetic nephropathy and second to determine the effects of PDGF receptor antagonism on this disorder and associated molecular and cellular processes. This study used the diabetic apolipoprotein E-knockout (apoE-KO) mouse, a recently described model of accelerated diabetic nephropathy. Diabetes was induced by injection of streptozotocin in 6-wk-old apoE-KO mice. Diabetic animals received treatment with a tyrosine kinase inhibitor that inhibits PDGF action, imatinib (STI-571, 10 mg/kg per d orally) or no treatment for 20 wk. Nondiabetic apoE-KO mice served as controls. This model of accelerated renal disease with albuminuria as well as glomerular and tubulointerstitial injury was associated with increased renal expression of PDGF-B, proliferating cells, and alpha-smooth muscle actin-positive cells. Furthermore, there was increased accumulation of type I and type IV collagen as well as macrophage infiltration. Imatinib treatment ameliorated both renal functional and structural parameters of diabetes as well as overexpression of a number of growth factors, collagens, proliferating cells, alpha-smooth muscle actin-positive cells, and macrophage infiltration within the kidney. Tyrosine kinase inhibition with imatinib seems to retard the development of experimental diabetic nephropathy.
High chronic nephropathy detection yield in CKD subjects identified by the combination of albuminuria and estimated GFR.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Epidemiological studies have shown that the burden of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is huge. CKD is a non-specific diagnosis, however, and it is hard to say which renal disorders comprise the body of CKD diagnosed on the strength of the combination of albuminuria and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in epidemiological studies, or just how efficient such studies are in detecting chronic nephropathies. METHODS: The INCIPE study identified 524 CKD cases (using the K/DOQI definition based on albuminuria and eGFR) in a random sample of 4000 Italians >40 years old, 262 of whom were randomly chosen to be investigated in order to confirm their CKD and complete a diagnostic workup. We a priori defined diagnostic algorithms for 14 renal conditions based on personal family history, medical records, urine tests, kidney ultrasound with colour-Doppler and other tests. RESULTS: Among the subjects whose CKD was confirmed, a diagnosis of chronic nephropathy was reached in 68% of cases recognized as having either a specific (38%) or an undetermined (30%) kidney disease. Almost 50% of subjects with a specific chronic nephropathy had a diabetic or vascular renal disease. Abnormalities consistent with a chronic nephropathy were found in 50, 68, 70 and 100% of subjects with CKD Stages 1, 2, 3 and 4, respectively. Lone low eGFR and lone microalbuminuria were observed in 20 and 12%, respectively. CONCLUSION: In Caucasians >40 years old with a confirmed CKD condition, (i) an impressive 68% of subjects have an underlying chronic nephropathy, so eGFR and albuminuria are very efficient in detecting renal diseases; (ii) in 32%, the only disclosed renal abnormalities were a glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or microalbuminuria; follow-up studies are needed to clarify whether these abnormalities do really identify a chronic nephropathy or just a cardiovascular risk condition.
Associations between cardiometabolic indices and the risk of diabetic kidney disease in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: This study was designed to assess the associations between emerging cardiometabolic indices-the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), the stress hyperglycemia ratio (SHR), the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)-and the incidence of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. METHODS: We consecutively enrolled 4351 T2D patients. The AIP, SHR, TyG index, and HOMA-IR were calculated from baseline parameters. DKD was defined as a urine albumin/creatinine ratio > 30 mg/g or an eGFR < 60 mL/min per 1.73 m. All participants were categorized into tertiles based on the cardiometabolic indices. Multivariate logistic regression models, restricted cubic splines, and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were used for analysis. RESULTS: A total of 1371 (31.5%) patients were diagnosed with DKD. A restricted cubic spline showed a J-shaped association of the AIP and TyG index with DKD, a log-shaped association between HOMA-IR and DKD, and a U-shaped association between the SHR and DKD incidence. Multivariate logistic regression revealed that individuals in the highest tertile of the four cardiometabolic indices had a significantly greater risk of DKD than did those in the lowest tertile (AIP: OR = 1.08, 95% CI = 1.02-1.14, P = 0.005; SHR: OR = 1.42, 95% CI = 1.12-1.81, P = 0.004; TyG index: OR = 1.86, 95% CI = 1.42-2.45, P < 0.001; HOMA-IR: OR = 2.24, 95% CI = 1.52-3.30, P < 0.001). The receiver operating characteristic curves showed that the HOMA-IR score was better than other indices at predicting the risk of DKD, with an optimal cutoff of 3.532. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated AIP, SHR, TyG index and HOMA-IR are associated with a greater risk of DKD in patients with T2D. Among these indices, the HOMA-IR score demonstrated the strongest association with and predictive value for DKD incidence.
Urinary DcR2 is a novel biomarker for tubulointerstitial injury in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; Tubulointerstitial injury (TII) plays a crucial role in the progression of diabetic nephropathy (DN), but lack of specific and sensitive biomarkers for monitoring TII in DN management. This study is to investigate whether urinary decoy receptor 2 (uDcR2) could serve as a novel noninvasive biomarker for assessing TII in DN. We recruited 311 type 2 diabetics and 139 DN patients who were diagnosed by renal biopsy. uDcR2 levels were measured by ELISA, and renal DcR2 expression was detected immunohistochemically. Associations between uDcR2 and renal DcR2 and renal functional parameters were evaluated. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve analyzed area under the curve (AUC) of uDcR2 for assessing TII. Double staining was undertaken for renal DcR2 with proximal and distal tubular markers; senescent markers p16, p21, and senescence-associated β-galactosidase (SA-β-gal); and fibrotic markers collagen I and IV. We found DcR2 was primarily expressed in renal proximal tubules; uDcR2 levels were elevated per albuminuria stratum and correlated with renal functional parameters in diabetics and were associated with percentage of tubular DcR2 and TII score in DN. The uDcR2 had an AUC of 0.909 for assessing TII in DN by ROC analysis. Almost all tubular DcR2 was coexpressed with p16 and p21, and nearly more than one-half of tubular DcR2 was positive for SA-β-gal, primarily in collagen I- and IV-positive regions of DN. Our results indicate uDcR2 could potentially serve as a novel biomarker for TII and may reflect senescence of renal proximal tubular cells in DN pathogenesis.
Proteinuria as a predictor of total plasma homocysteine levels in type 2 diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: Patients with diabetes who manifest proteinuria are at increased risk for cardiovascular events. Some studies suggest that proteinuria exerts its cardiovascular effects at least partly through a positive association with total plasma homocysteine (tHcy). Modestly sized but better designed contrary studies find no such link through a limited range of serum creatinine and proteinuria. We tested the hypothesis that proteinuria independently predicts tHcy levels in a larger cohort of type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy throughout a much broader range of kidney disease and proteinuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Baseline data for the cross-sectional study were obtained from 717 patients enrolled in the multicenter Irbesartan Diabetic Nephropathy Trial. All subjects had type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and proteinuria and were between 29 and 78 years of age. Data included age, sex, BMI, serum creatinine and albumin, LDL and HDL cholesterol, triglyceride, proteinuria and albuminuria, plasma folate, B12, and pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP) (the active form of B6), HbA(1c), and tHcy levels. Unadjusted and multivariable models were used in the analysis. RESULTS: Crude analyses revealed significant associations between tHcy and age (r = 0.074; P = 0.008), creatinine (r = 0.414; P < 0.001), PLP (r = -0.105; P = 0.021), B12 (r = -0.216; P < 0.001), folate (r = -0.241; P < 0.001), and HbA(1c) (r = -0.119; P = 0.003), with serum albumin approaching significance (r = 0.055; P = 0.072). Only serum creatinine, plasma folate, B12, serum albumin, sex, HbA(1c), and age were independent predictors of tHcy after controlling for all other variables. CONCLUSIONS: By finding no independent correlation between proteinuria (or albuminuria) and tHcy levels, this study improves the external validity of previous negative findings. Therefore, it is unlikely that the observed positive association between proteinuria and cardiovascular disease is directly related to hyperhomocysteinemia.
Independent components of chronic kidney disease as a cardiovascular risk state: results from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; BACKGROUND: The relationships of anemia, microalbuminuria, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and subsequent death are not fully understood. We hypothesized that each of these chronic kidney disease-related measures would have an independent relationship with CVD. METHODS: A cohort of 37 153 persons screened in the National Kidney Foundation's Kidney Early Evaluation Program were followed up for a median of 16.0 months (range, 0.2-47.5 months). Participants were volunteers who completed surveys regarding past medical events and who underwent blood pressure and laboratory testing. Estimated glomerular filtration rate was computed using a 4-variable equation. Mortality was ascertained by linkage to national data systems. RESULTS: Of 37 153 persons, the mean +/- SD age was 52.9 +/- 15.9 years, and 68.7% were female. A total of 1835 (4.9%) had a self-reported history of myocardial infarction, 1336 (3.6%) had a history of stroke, and 2897 (7.8%) had a history of myocardial infarction or stroke. Multivariate analysis controlling for age demonstrated that the following were independently associated with CVD: male sex (odds ratio [OR], 1.64; P<.001), smoking (OR, 1.73; P<.001), body mass index (OR, 1.01; P = .03), diabetes mellitus (OR, 1.66; P<.001), hypertension (OR, 1.77; P<.001), eGFR of 30 to 59 mL/min per 173 m(3) (OR, 1.37; P = .001), hemoglobin level of 12.8 g/dL or less (OR, 1.45; P<.001), and microalbuminuria of greater than 30 mg/L (OR, 1.28; P = .01). Survival analysis found CVD (OR, 3.02; P = .003), chronic kidney disease (OR, 1.98; P = .05), and the combination (OR, 3.80; P<.001) to be independent predictors of mortality. Persons with a combination of all 3 chronic kidney disease measures (anemia, microalbuminuria, and eGFR of <60 mL/min per 1.73 m(2)) had the lowest survival of about 93% by the end of 30 months. CONCLUSION: Anemia, eGFR, and microalbuminuria were independently associated with CVD, and when all 3 were present, CVD was common and survival was reduced.
Assessing urinary levels of IL-18, NGAL and albumin creatinine ratio in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; AIMS: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a serious microvascular complication of a longstanding hyperglycemia. This study aims to evaluate whether urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and urinary Interleukin-18 possess a better diagnostic value than albumin creatinine ratio in assessing the severity of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). MATERIAL & METHODS: Ninety participants diagnosed with T2DM were recruited and they were divided into three study groups according to their albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR): (Normoalbuminuria group, Microalbuminuria group, and Macroalbuminuria group). A matching of Ninety healthy subjects were included as controls. Blood and urine samples were collected to measure various markers of glycemic control and kidney function. RESULTS: IL-18 levels were not changed significantly between all study groups (P > 0.05), despite a significant positive correlation between IL-18 and urinary albumin levels. NGAL levels were significantly increased in Microalbuminuria group and Macroalbuminuria group as compared to the control and Normoalbuminuria groups. NGAL was also positively correlated with urinary albumin and ACR, but negatively correlated with the age and body mass index. Receiver Operating Characteristic curves revealed that for early detection of DN, the best cutoff values to discriminate DN and diabetic without nephropathy groups were ˃ 21.4 ng/ml for NGAL (94.67 sensitivity, 26.67% specificity), ≤0.34 pg/mL for IL-18 (72% sensitivity, 53.33% specificity), and ˃29.8 mg/g for ACR (80% sensitivity, 100% specificity). CONCLUSION: We conclude that the urinary ACR is a more accurate individual biomarker of DN when compared to both NGAL and IL-18.
Urinary Cyclophilin A and serum Cystatin C as biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy in children with type 1 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Currently, microalbuminuria is the gold standard for detection and prediction of diabetic nephropathy (DN). However, microalbuminuria appears once significant kidney damage has actually occurred. OBJECTIVES: We investigated the diagnostic role of urinary Cyclophilin-A (uCypA), uCypA/creatinine ratio (uCypA/Cr) and serum Cystatin-C (sCysC) as biomarkers for early detection of DN in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) of short duration (2-5 years) before microalbuminuria emerges. METHODS: uCypA, uCypA/Cr, and sCysC levels were assessed in three age- and sex-matched groups; microalbuminuric diabetic group (n = 31), normoalbuminuric diabetic group (n = 29), and control group (n = 30). Glomerular filtration rate was estimated (eGFR) based on both serum creatinine (eGFR-Cr) and sCysC (eGFR-CysC). RESULTS: Significantly higher sCysC and lower eGFR-CysC were detected in both diabetic groups compared to controls and in microalbuminuric compared to normoalbuminuric group. No detected significant difference in eGFR-Cr values across the studied groups. Both uCypA and uCypA/Cr were significantly elevated in microalbuminuric compared to both normoalbuminuric and control groups with no difference between normoalbuminuric and control groups. Prediction of microalbuminuria was conducted using sCysC with area under curve up to 0.980. Combined use of sCysC and uCypA had better diagnostic value than uCypA alone. CONCLUSION: sCysC is a promising early biomarker for DN in childhood T1DM before albuminuria detection. eGFR-CysC is superior to eGFR-Cr in evaluating renal status in childhood T1DM. uCypA and uCypA/Cr were useful tools in predicting microalbuminuria, although not regarded as diagnostic biomarkers for early-stage DN in T1DM children by the current study.
Association of serum vaspin and adiponectin levels with renal function in patients with or without type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Vaspin and adiponectin are two adipocytokines with antidiabetic effects. Some studies reported that levels of adiponectin and vaspin were correlated with decreased glomerular filtration rate (FGR) and increased albuminuria. We therefore evaluated the vaspin and adiponectin levels in renal insufficiency (RI) patients with or without T2DM. Serum vaspin, adiponectin levels were measured in 416 subjects with or without T2DM. Analysis was made between groups divided by these subjects presence or absence of RI. We found that serum adiponectin level was significantly higher in nondiabetic patients with RI than in nondiabetic subjects without RI; however, there were no statistical differences between the diabetic patients with RI and without RI. In all the subjects, the serum adiponectin level was also higher in 50 individuals with RI than that in 366 subjects without RI. The serum vaspin levels showed no significant differences between the diabetic patients or nondiabetics subjects with RI and without RI. Contrary to adiponectin, the serum vaspin level was lower in 169 patients with T2DM than in 247 individuals without T2DM. Our data suggested that both of T2DM and renal insufficiency were correlated with the serum level of adiponectin. However, the serum vaspin levels showed no significant difference between the individuals with renal insufficiency and without renal insufficiency.
Diagnostic accuracy of semiquantitative point of care urine albumin to creatinine ratio and urine dipstick analysis in a primary care resource limited setting in South Africa.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is predicted to rise over the next few decades. In resource-limited settings access to central laboratory services is limited. Point-of-care (POC) urine dipstick testing offers the potential to detect markers of kidney damage (albuminuria) as well as markers of other disease processes. We evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of the semi-quantitative albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) Sysmex UC-1000 POC urine dipstick system as well as the extent of other abnormal dipstick findings in urine. METHODS: 700 participants from a rural area in South Africa were screened for albuminuria. A spot urine sample was used to measure POC and central laboratory ACR. We determined the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value of the POC ACR, and recorded dipstick parameters. RESULTS: The prevalence of albuminuria was 11.6% (95%CI; 9.3-14.2). Those with albuminuria had higher mean diastolic (82 vs 79 mmHg, p = 0.019) and systolic (133 vs 128 mmHg, p = 0.002) blood pressures and a higher proportion of diabetes mellitus (17.6 vs 4.9%, p < 0.001). The sensitivity of the POC ACR system was 0.79, specificity 0.84, positive predictive value 0.39 and negative predictive value 0.97. The sensitivity improved to 0.80, 0.85, 0.85 and 0.89 in those with elevated blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, HIV positive status, and those 65 years and older, respectively. Abnormalities other than albuminuria were detected in 240 (34.3%) of the samples; 88 (12.6%) were positive for haematuria, 113 (16.1%) for leucocytes, 66 (9.4%) for nitrites and 27 (3.9%) for glycosuria. CONCLUSION: Our study shows that POC ACR has good negative predictive value and could be used to rule out albuminuria when screening for CKD. Additionally, a high proportion of participants had other urine abnormalities detected with dipsticks which may reflect kidney disease or co-morbid untreated genitourinary pathology such as urinary tract infections or endemic schistosomiasis with important implications for CKD.
How to find a prognostic biomarker for progressive diabetic nephropathy.; As a prognostic biomarker for progression of diabetic nephropathy, albuminuria fails in terms of sensitivity and specificity. Better urinary or plasma biomarkers are needed that can predict which diabetic patients are at highest risk for progression. Bhensdadia et al. report proteomic investigations that identified urinary haptoglobin as a potential prognostic biomarker for progressive diabetic nephropathy. Although as a single marker urinary haptoglobin adds little to albuminuria, together the two appear to provide better diagnostic accuracy than albuminuria alone.
ADMA, SDMA and L-arginine/ADMA ratio but not DDAH genetic polymorphisms are reliable predictors of diabetic nephropathy progression as identified by competing risk analysis.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Complex interplay of genetic and (patho)physiological factors influence availability of nitric oxide during the development and progression of diabetic complications. We assessed predictive value of commonly studied methylated asymmetric and symmetric dimethylarginines (ADMA and SDMA) and selected single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase (DDAH) 1 and 2 genes for the progression of diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: A total of 341 type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients with variable degree of kidney disease were included at baseline. Plasma levels of ADMA, SDMA and L-arginine were measured and six tagging SNPs in DDAH1 and 2 were determined. Progression of DN was defined as a transition from any given stage to a more advanced stage of albuminuria. Competing risk analysis was applied. RESULTS: Plasma levels of ADMA and SDMA significantly correlated with GFR. No significant genotype-phenotype relationship was ascertained for ADMA and DDAH variants, but SNP rs805304 exhibited marginally significant association with DN. ADMA, SDMA and L-arginine/ADMA ratio standardised to GFR were identified as significant predictors of DN progression but not GFR decline using multivariate competing risk analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In our study we confirmed potentially significant role of ADMA and SDMA for the assessment of risk of DN progression in European diabetic population.
Serum stromal cell-derived factor-1 levels are associated with diabetic kidney disease in type 2 diabetic patients.; The present study was designed to explore whether serum stromal cell-derived factor-1 (SDF-1) levels were associated with diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Serum SDF-1 levels were measured by sandwich ELISA. Patients with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or a urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) ≥30 mg/g for 3 months were identified as having DKD. Among the recruited type 2 diabetic patients, 18.71% (n = 32) were found to have DKD, and the serum SDF-1 levels of these patients were higher than those of patients without DKD (p < 0.05). Serum SDF-1 levels were positively correlated with cystatin C levels, the UACR and DKD incidence (r = 0.330, 0.183 and 0.186, respectively, p < 0.05) and inversely related to eGFR (r = -0.368, p < 0.001). After adjusting for other clinical covariates by multivariate logistic regression analyses, serum SDF-1 levels were found to be an independent contributor to DKD, and the odds ratio (95% confidence interval) was 1.438 (1.041-1.986). Furthermore, receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed that the optimal SDF-1 cutoff value for indicating DKD was 5.609 ng/mL (its corresponding sensitivity was 82.00%, and specificity was 46.90%). Our results demonstrated that serum SDF-1 levels were closely associated with DKD and could be considered a potent indicator for DKD in patients with T2D.
Urinary 20-HETE: A prospective Non-Invasive prognostic and diagnostic marker for diabetic kidney disease.; INTRODUCTION: The identification and validation of a non-invasive prognostic marker for early detection of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) can lead to substantial improvement in therapeutic decision-making. OBJECTIVES: The main objective of this study is to assess the potential role of the arachidonic acid (AA) metabolite 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic (20-HETE) in predicting the incidence and progression of DKD. METHODS: Healthy patients and patients with diabetes were recruited from the Hamad General Hospital in Qatar, and urinary 20-HETE levels were measured. Data analysis was done using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). RESULTS: Our results show that urinary 20-HETE-to-creatinine (20-HETE/Cr) ratios were significantly elevated in patients with DKD when compared to patients with diabetes who did not exhibit clinical signs of kidney injury (p < 0.001). This correlation was preserved in the multivariate linear regression accounting for age, diabetes, family history of kidney disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia, stroke and metabolic syndrome. Urinary 20-HETE/Cr ratios were also positively correlated with the severity of kidney injury as indicated by albuminuria levels (p < 0.001). A urinary 20-HETE/Cr ratio of 4.6 pmol/mg discriminated between the presence and absence of kidney disease with a sensitivity of 82.2 % and a specificity of 67.1%. More importantly, a 10-unit increase in urinary 20-HETE/Cr ratio was tied to a 10-fold increase in the risk of developing DKD, suggesting a 20-HETE prognostic efficiency. CONCLUSION: Taken together, our results suggest that urinary 20-HETE levels can potentially be used as non-invasive diagnostic and prognostic markers for DKD.
Association of aortic stiffness with abdominal vascular and coronary calcifications in patients with stage 3 and 4 chronic kidney disease.; RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: Increased central (aortic) arterial stiffness has hemodynamic repercussions that affect the incidence of cardiovascular and renal disease. In chronic kidney disease (CKD) there may be an increase in aortic stiffness secondary to multiple metabolic alterations including calcification of the vascular wall (VC). The objective of this study was to analyze the association of central aortic pressures and aortic stiffness with the presence of VC in abdominal aorta (AAC) and coronary arteries(CAC). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We included 87 pacientes with CKD stage 3 and 4. Using applanation tonometry, central aortic pressures and aortic stiffness were studied. We investigated the association of aortic pulse wave velocity (Pv(c-f)) and Pv(c-f) adjusted for age, blood pressure, sex and heart rate (Pv(c-f) index) with AAC obtained on lumbar lateral radiography and CAC assessed by multidetector computed tomography. AAC and CAC were scored according to Kauppila and Agatston methods, respecti-vely. For the study of the association between Pv(c-f) index, Kauppila score, Agatston score, central aortic pressures, clinical parameters and laboratory data, multiple and logistic regression were used. We investigated the diagnosis performance of the Pv(c-f) index for prediction of VC using receiver-operating characteristic (ROC). RESULTS: Pv(c-f) and Pv(c-f) index were 11.3 ± 2.6 and 10.6 m/s, respectively. The Pv(c-f) index was higher when CKD coexisted with diabetes mellitus (DM). AAC and CAC were detected in 77% and 87%, respectively. Albuminuria (β = 0.13, p = 0.005) and Kauppila score (β = 0.36, p = 0.001) were independently associated with Pv(c-f) index. In turn, Pv(c-f) index (β = 0.39, p = 0.001), DM (β = 0.46, p = 0.01), and smoking (β = 0.53; p = 0.006) were associated with Kauppila score, but only Pv(c-f) index predicted AAC [OR: 3.33 (95% CI: 1.6-6.9; p = 0.001)]. The Kauppila score was independently associated with the Agatston score (β = 1.53, p = 0.001). The presence of AAC identified patients with CAC with a sensitivity of 73%, a specificity of 100%, a positive predictive value of 100% and a negative predictive value of 38%. The Vp(c-f) index predicted the presence of CAC [OR: 3.35 (95% CI: 1.04-10.2, p = 0.04)]. In the ROC curves, using the Vp(c-f) index, the AUC for AAC and CAC was 0.82 (95%CI: 0.71-0.93, p = 0.001) and 0.81 (95% CI: 0.67-0.96, p = 0.02), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: When stage 3-4 CKD coexists with DM there is an increase in aortic stiffness determined by the Vp(c-f) index. In stage 3-4 CKD, AAC and CAC are very prevalent and both often coexist. The Vp(c-f) index is independently associated with AAC and CAC and may be useful in identifying patients with VC in these territories.
Gender Differences in the Association Between Obesity Indices and Chronic Kidney Disease Among Middle-Aged and Elderly Taiwanese Population: A Community-Based Cross-Sectional Study.; BACKGROUND: Traditional risk factors for chronic kidney disease (CKD) include diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HTN), and metabolic syndrome, which are health conditions related to obesity. We aimed to investigate which of the three obesity indices has the strongest association with CKD and to explore whether there are gender differences in these relationships in the middle-aged and elderly Taiwanese population. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional, community-based study. It included 400 residents (141 males and 259 females, age 50-90 years) residing in a community in northern Taiwan. Each participant was asked to fill a questionnaire that collected personal information, medical history, medication use, and anthropometric measurements. The laboratory data were obtained by testing the blood and urine samples. The baseline characteristics were compared, and the obesity indices included body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and visceral adiposity index (VAI). CKD was defined as the presence of renal dysfunction (urine albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 30 mg/g) or estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73m(2). We used a multiple logistic regression model to evaluate the association between each obesity index and CKD for both genders. Further, we used the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) to examine the best obesity indices to predict CKD in different genders. RESULTS: The average age of the subjects was 64.47 ± 8.45 years, and men were significantly older. CKD was found in 31 (22.0%) males and 50 (19.3%) females. In men, there was no significant difference between the CKD and non-CKD groups among the three obesity indices. However, in women, only VAI was significantly higher in subjects with CKD (1.9 [1.1, 3.4]) than in subjects without CKD (1.5 [1.0, 2.2]) (p-value = 0.03). The multivariate logistic regression revealed that even after adjusting for possible confounding factors, VAI was found to be an independent risk factor for CKD in women (OR: 1.32, 95% CI: 1.04-1.69, p = 0.02), but not in men (OR: 1.20, 95% CI: 0.85-1.69, p = 0.30). The AUC of VAI had a significant ability to predict CKD in women but not in men. CONCLUSION: Our results showed that among the three obesity indices, VAI had the strongest association with CKD compared to BMI and WC in women. In addition, VAI in women should be given more importance in the screening for CKD among the middle-aged and elderly Taiwanese population.
Transcriptome Analysis Identifies Oxidative Stress Injury Biomarkers for Diabetic Nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: The early diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN) is essential for improving the prognosis and effectively manage patients affected with this disease. The standard biomarkers, including albuminuria and glomerular filtration rate, are not very precise. New molecular biomarkers are needed to more accurately identify DN and better predict disease progression. Characteristic DN biomarkers can be identified using transcriptomic analysis. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the transcriptomic profile of controls (CTRLs, n = 15), patients with prediabetes (PREDM, n = 15), patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus (DM2, n = 15), and patients with DN (n = 15) by microarray analysis to find new biomarkers. RT-PCR was then used to confirm gene biomarkers specific for DN. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Blood samples were used to isolate RNA for microarray expression analysis. 26,803 unique gene sequences and 30,606 LncRNA sequences were evaluated-Selected gene biomarkers for DN were validated using qPCR assays. Sensitivity, specificity, and area under the curve (AUC) were calculated as measures of diagnostic accuracy. RESULTS: The DN transcriptome was composed of 300 induced genes, compared to CTRLs, PREDM, and DM-2 groups. RT-qPCR assays validated that METLL22, PFKL, CCNB1 and CASP2 genes were induced in the DN group compared to CTRLs, PREDM, and DM-2 groups. The ROC analysis for these four genes showed 0.9719, 0.8853, 0.8533 and 0.7748 AUC values, respectively. CONCLUSION: Among induced genes in the DN group, we found that CASP2, PFKL and CCNB1 may potentially be used as biomarkers to diagnose DN. Of these, METLL22 had the highest AUC score, at 0.9719.
Comparison of the MDRD and the CKD-EPI equations to estimate the glomerular filtration rate in the general population.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CDK-EPI) equation has been proposed as a replacement for the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equation to estimate the glomerular filtration rate, but this equation has not yet been evaluated in the general population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of a random sample of 858 participants from the general population aged 50-75 years without known kidney disease. The prevalence of low eGFR (< 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) was assessed with the MDRD and the CKD-EPI equations in the overall sample and in normoalbuminuric individuals. RESULTS: With the MDRD equation the median eGFRs (interquartile range) in men/women were 63.3(12.2)/56.7(9.4)mL/min/1.73 m(2), and with the CKD-EPI equation 66.6(14.2)/61.3(11.6) mL/min/1.73 m(2). The prevalence of low eGFR in men/women was 35.2%/68.5% and 25.1%/45.7% with the MDRD and the CKD-EPI equations, respectively. Normoalbuminuric women without risk factors for CKD experienced the most pronounced reduction in the number of cases with low eGFR with the CKD-EPI equation. The prevalence of renal impairment in this subgroup still remained even greater than that in men with diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the MDRD, the CKD-EPI equation generates a substantial reduction in the prevalence of renal impairment in subjects with diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and in subjects without risk factors. The prevalence of renal impairment in normoalbuminuric females may be still overestimated with the CKD-EPI equation.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3β hyperactivity in urinary exfoliated cells predicts progression of diabetic kidney disease.; Burgeoning evidence points to glycogen synthase kinase (GSK)3β as a key player in diverse kidney diseases. However, as a pivotal transducer of the insulin signaling pathway, the role of GSK3β in diabetic kidney disease remains uncertain. In db/db mice, renal expression of total and activated GSK3β was increasingly elevated. This preceded the development of diabetic kidney disease, and correlated with the progression of signs of diabetic kidney injury, including albuminuria and extracellular matrix accumulation in glomeruli and tubulointerstitia. In vitro, exposure of glomerular podocytes, mesangial cells, and renal tubular cells to a diabetic milieu induced GSK3β overexpression and hyperactivity, which seem essential and sufficient for eliciting diabetic cellular damages in kidney cells, because the cytopathic effect of the diabetic milieu was mitigated by GSK3β knockdown, but was mimicked by ectopic expression of constitutively active GSK3β even in the normal milieu. In consistency, kidney biopsy specimens procured from patients with varying stages of diabetic nephropathy revealed an amplified expression of total and activated GSK3β in glomeruli and renal tubules, associated with the severity of diabetic nephropathy. Moreover, in retrospective cohorts of type 2 diabetic patients that were followed for over five years, the relative activity of GSK3β in banked urinary exfoliated cells represented an independent risk factor for development or progression of renal impairment. Furthermore, receiver operating characteristic curve analysis demonstrated that GSK3β activity in urinary exfoliated cells provided much better power than albuminuria in discriminating diabetic patients with progressive renal impairment from those with stable kidney function. Thus, renal expression and activity of GSK3β are amplified in experimental and clinical diabetic nephropathy. Hence, GSK3β in urinary exfoliated cells may serve as a novel biomarker for predicting diabetic kidney disease progression.
Chronic Kidney Disease Study in Diabetic Patients: Insights From Primary Care Units in Northern Portugal.; Introduction Diabetes mellitus (DM) remains a primary cause of morbidity and mortality, leading to complications such as blindness, kidney failure, and lower limb amputations. Early detection of kidney damage, indicated by microalbuminuria (MA), is crucial for managing DM. Given the impact of these conditions, evaluating the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in diabetic populations within primary healthcare is essential. Methodology This was a cross-sectional and observational study. Adults diagnosed with DM type 1 or 2, from five primary care units (PCUs) located in the North of Portugal, were included in this study. Descriptive and correlational statistics were performed using IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 28.0 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY). Statistical significance was set to P < 0,05. Logistic regression models were created to identify the factors associated with CKD and DM. Results A sample of 357 diabetic patients was obtained, with 166 (46.5%) females. Of the sample, 250 (70.1%) were aged 65 or older, and the median known duration of DM was 9.36 years. Excess weight or obesity accounted for 79.8%, with a median body mass index of 28.73 kg/m(2) and hypertension in 284 (79.6%). An estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) less than 60 mL/min was present in 89 (24.9%) and an MA of 30 mg/dL or higher was present in 68 (19.0%). In total, 130 (36.4%) individuals exhibited eGFR and MA consistent with CKD. Among these, 25 (78.1%) had other identifiable causes of CKD besides DM, hypertension, overweight, or obesity. Binary logistic regression models were constructed to find a relationship between CKD with eGFR < 60 mL/min and MA. A statistically significant association was found between CKD with eGFR < 60 mL/minute and age (odds ratio [OR] = 1.150; P < 0.001), kidney stones (OR = 5.112; P = 0.003), absence of excess weight or obesity (OR = 0.267; P < 0.001). The use of GLP1 agonists showed statistical significance as a predictor (OR = 4.653; P = 0.042) of the presence of MA. Discussion The study investigates the impact of DM and its complications in the surveyed population. While most patients had controlled DM (284, 76.2%), prolonged disease duration correlated with poorer glycemic control, underscoring the need for more effective management strategies in advanced disease stages. Notably, a third of individuals with DM had CKD, with significant implications for therapeutic interventions and heightened risks of renal failure and cardiovascular morbidity. MA was a crucial marker for endothelial injury, with prevalence influenced by DM duration and medication type. However, in many cases, correct identification of CKD was lacking, suggesting under-recognition of renal deterioration in DM. While the study offers valuable insights, its limited sample size and geographic scope warrant cautious interpretation, emphasizing the need for broader, context-specific research to inform comprehensive healthcare strategies. Conclusions In conclusion, this study highlights the significant burden of CKD among diabetic patients, emphasizing the need for proactive screening, personalized management, and accurate diagnosis. Despite limitations, it underscores the importance of early detection and tailored interventions, advocating for improved diabetes care to mitigate renal complications on a broader scale.
Circulating amino acids and the risk of macrovascular, microvascular and mortality outcomes in individuals with type 2 diabetes: results from the ADVANCE trial.; AIMS/HYPOTHESES: We aimed to quantify the association of individual circulating amino acids with macrovascular disease, microvascular disease and all-cause mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We performed a case-cohort study (N = 3587), including 655 macrovascular events, 342 microvascular events (new or worsening nephropathy or retinopathy) and 632 all-cause mortality events during follow-up, in a secondary analysis of the Action in Diabetes and Vascular Disease: Preterax and Diamicron Modified Release Controlled Evaluation (ADVANCE) study. For this study, phenylalanine, isoleucine, glutamine, leucine, alanine, tyrosine, histidine and valine were measured in stored plasma samples by proton NMR metabolomics. Hazard ratios were modelled per SD increase in each amino acid. RESULTS: In models investigating associations and potential mechanisms, after adjusting for age, sex and randomised treatment, phenylalanine was positively, and histidine inversely, associated with macrovascular disease risk. These associations were attenuated to the null on further adjustment for extended classical risk factors (including eGFR and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio). After adjustment for extended classical risk factors, higher tyrosine and alanine levels were associated with decreased risk of microvascular disease (HR 0.78; 95% CI 0.67, 0.91 and HR 0.86; 95% CI 0.76, 0.98, respectively). Higher leucine (HR 0.79; 95% CI 0.69, 0.90), histidine (HR 0.89; 95% CI 0.81, 0.99) and valine (HR 0.79; 95% CI 0.70, 0.88) levels were associated with lower risk of mortality. Investigating the predictive ability of amino acids, addition of all amino acids to a risk score modestly improved classification of participants for macrovascular (continuous net reclassification index [NRI] +35.5%, p < 0.001) and microvascular events (continuous NRI +14.4%, p = 0.012). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: We report distinct associations between circulating amino acids and risk of different major complications of diabetes. Low tyrosine appears to be a marker of microvascular risk in individuals with type 2 diabetes independently of fundamental markers of kidney function.
Association of significantly elevated plasma levels of NGAL and IGFBP4 in patients with diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a type of progressive kidney disease affecting approximately 40% of patients with diabetes. Current DN diagnostic criteria predominantly rely on albuminuria and serum creatinine (sCr) levels. However, the specificity and reliability of both markers are limited. Hence, reliable biomarkers are required for early diagnosis to effectively manage DN progression. METHODS: In this study, a cohort of 159 individuals were clinically evaluated and the plasma levels of NGAL, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4 were determined using Multiplexing Assays. Additionally, the association between the plasma levels of NGAL, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4 in patients with DN were compared to those in patients with T2D without kidney disease and control participants. RESULTS: Circulating level of NGAL were significantly higher in people with DN compared to people with T2D and non-diabetic groups (92.76 ± 7.5, 57.22 ± 8.7, and 52.47 ± 2.9 mg/L, respectively; p <  0.0001). IGFBP-4 showed a similar pattern, where it was highest in people with DN (795.61 ng/ml ±130.7) compared to T2D and non-diabetic people (374.56 ng/ml ±86.8, 273.06 ng/ml ±27.8 respectively, ANOVA p <  0.01). The data from this study shows a significant positive correlation between NGAL and IGFBP-4 in people with DN (ρ = .620, p <  0.005). IGFBP-4 also correlated positively with creatinine level and negatively with eGFR, in people with DN supporting its involvement in DN. CONCLUSION: The data from this study shows a parallel increase in the plasma levels of NGAL and IGFBP-4 in DN. This highlights the potential to use these markers for early diagnosis of DN.
Prolonged QTc interval predicts mortality in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To evaluate prolonged QTc interval and QT dispersion as predictors of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality after adjustment for well-established risk factors in Type 1 diabetic patients. METHODS: From a cohort of all adult Type 1 diabetic patients, duration of diabetes >or= 5 years, attending the clinic in 1984 and followed in an observational study for 10 years (n = 939), all subjects with resting baseline electrocardiograms were identified (n = 697, 360 males). The QT length was measured and corrected for heart rate (QTc). Maximal QTc length (QTc max) and QT dispersion were determined. RESULTS: At baseline, 431 had normoalbuminuria (< 30 mg/24 h), 138 had microalbuminuria (30-299 mg/24 h) and 128 had macroalbuminuria (>or= 300 mg/24 h) of whom 66 (15%), 35 (25%) and 61 (48%) died during follow-up, respectively (26 (6%), 14 (10%), 21 (16%) from cardiovascular disease). QTc max. was 442 (1.2) ms (mean (SEM)) for survivors and 457 (3.7) in patients who died (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazards model including baseline values of putative risk factors, independent predictors of death were QTc max (P = 0.03), age (P < 0.001), presence of hypertension (P = 0.001), male sex (P < 0.001), log urinary albumin excretion (P < 0.001), smoking (P = 0.04), log serum-creatinine (P < 0.001), height (P < 0.001), low social class (P = 0.04), whereas QT dispersion, heart rate, and HbA1c were not included. In the subgroup with macroalbuminuria, but not for all patients, QTc max was an independent risk factor for cardiovascular mortality. CONCLUSION: QTc prolongation, but not increased QT dispersion, is an independent marker of increased mortality in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Acute and chronic glomerular damage is associated with reduced CD133 expression in urinary extracellular vesicles.; Extracellular vesicles released into urine (uEVs) can represent interesting biomarkers of renal cell damage. CD133, a stem/progenitor cell marker expressed by renal progenitor cells, is highly expressed in uEVs of healthy individuals. In the present study, we evaluated the level of CD133 in the uEVs of patients with acute and chronic glomerular damage by cytofluorimetric analysis. The level of CD133(+) uEVs was significantly decreased in pediatric patients with acute glomerulonephritis during the acute phase of renal damage, while it was restored after the subsequent recovery. A similar decrease was also observed in patients with chronic glomerulonephritis. Moreover, CD133(+) uEVs significantly declined in patients with type 2 diabetes, used as validation group, with the lowest levels in patients with albuminuria with diabetic nephropathy. Indeed, receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis indicates the ability of CD133(+) uEV values to discriminate the health condition from that of glomerular disease. In parallel, a significant decrease of CD133 in renal progenitor cells and in their derived EVs was observed in vitro after cell treatment with a combination of glucose and albumin overload, mimicking the diabetic condition. These data indicate that the level of CD133(+) uEVs may represent an easily accessible marker of renal normal physiology and could provide information on the "reservoir" of regenerating cells within tubules.
The combination of soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor type 1 and fibroblast growth factor 21 exhibits better prediction of renal outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: Numerous biomarkers of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) are associated with renal prognosis but head-to-head comparisons are lacking. This study aimed to examine the association of soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor type 1 (sTNFR1), fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21), endocan, N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-pro-BNP), and renal outcomes of patients with or without clinical signs of DKD. METHODS: A total of 312 patients were enrolled in a prospective observational study that excluded individuals with estimated glomerular filtration rates (eGFR) < 30 mL/min/1.73 m(2). Composite renal outcomes included either a > 30% decline in eGFR and worsening albuminuria or both from consecutive tests of blood/urine during a 3.5-year follow-up period. RESULTS: Higher sTNFR1 and FGF-21, rather than endocan and NT-pro-BNP, levels were associated with renal outcomes but the significance was lost after adjusting for confounders. However, sTNFR1 levels ≥ 9.79 pg/dL or FGF-21 levels ≥ 1.40 pg/dL were associated with renal outcomes after adjusting for the confounders (hazard ration [HR] 2.76, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.36-5.60, p = 0.005 for sTNFR1 level; HR 1.95, 95% CI 1.03-3.69, p = 0.03 for FGF-21 level). The combination of both levels exhibited even better association with renal outcomes than did either one alone (adjusted HR 4.45, 95% CI 1.86-10.65, p = 0.001). The results were consistent among patients with preserved renal function and normoalbuminuria. CONCLUSION: Both sTNFR1 and FGF-21 levels were associated with renal outcomes of in patients with type 2 diabetes, and the combination of the abovementioned markers exhibits better predictability.
Serum triglycerides are a predictive factor for the development and the progression of renal and retinal complications in patients with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: It is controversial that serum lipIds affect the development and progression of microvascular complications in patients with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We prospectively followed 297 patients with type 1 diabetes without end-stage renal disease for 7 Years (range: 2-10). Serum lipIds were measured at baseline (total and HDL-cholesterol, triglycerIdes and calculated LDL-cholesterol, Lipoprotein (a)). The primary end-point was the occurrence of a renal event and the secondary end-point was the occurrence of a retinal event, defined as the progression to a higher stage of diabetic nephropathy or retinopathy, respectively. RESULTS: Serum triglycerIde (TG) levels were higher in patients who progressed in nephropathy than in those who dId not [median 1.21 (range 0.41-2.96) vs 0.91 (0.31-11.07) mmol/l; p=0.0037] and in those who developed retinal events than in those who dId not [1.05 (0.46-8.27) vs 0.87 mmol/l (0.31-11.07); p=0.0302], both in the whole cohort and in patients with normoalbuminuria at baseline. After adjustment for systolic blood pressure (SBP), diabetes duration, gender, stage of complications at baseline and glycohemoglobin (HbA1c), the relative risk for progression was 2.01 (95% CI: 1.07-3.77) for nephropathy and 2.30 (95% CI: 1.03-5.12) for retinopathy for patients having serum TG in the highest tertile, compared to the others. This result persisted when only patients with normoalbuminuria were consIdered. CONCLUSION: High triglycerIde levels are an independent predictive factor of both renal and retinal complications in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Evaluation of serum cystatin C and chromogranin A as markers of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Nephropathy is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). The condition is characterized by persistent albuminuria and years of progressive renal structural changes associated with decline in the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). This study evaluates whether serum concentrations of the endogenous markers of GFR, cystatin C and chromogranin A could be used as indicators of nephropathy in 77 patients with Type 2 DM. On the basis of early morning urine microalbumin:creatinine ratio, patients were divided into patients without diabetic nephropathy (DN) who were normoalbuminuric (n = 27) and patients with DN who were microalbuminuric (n = 8) or macroalbuminuric (n = 42). Patients with reduced GFR or elevated serum cystatin C did not show the expected increase in serum chromogranin A. Twenty-six percent of the patients with normoalbuminuria and 6% of those with DN had serum chromogranin A below the detection limit of the assay (< 2 U/L). In patients with DN, serum chromogranin A showed significant correlation with serum cystatin C, but not with serum creatinine and creatinine clearance. Serum cystatin C and creatinine showed poor correlation with duration of DM and HbA1c. Serum cystatin C and creatinine were significantly higher in patients with DN than in normoalbuminuric patients. Serum cystatin C showed significant correlation with serum creatinine (rs = 0.45, p = 0.002), but not with creatinine clearance (rs = 0.23, p = 0.17) in patients with DN. Four of nine patients with creatinine clearance between 50 and 80 mL/min had increased (> or = 1.4 mg/L) serum cystatin C compared with only two patients with increased serum creatinine concentration. Twenty of 50 (40%) patients with DN had elevated serum cystatin C compared with 6 of 50 (12%) with elevated serum creatinine. If microalbuminuria is regarded as the "gold-standard" test, serum cystatin C has a sensitivity of 40% and specificity of 100% for the detection of DN. However, further studies are required to confirm the usefulness of serum cystatin C estimation as a screening test and as an early indicator and predictor of the development of DN.
Comparison of Supersonic Shear Wave Imaging-Derived Renal Parenchyma Stiffness Between Diabetes Mellitus Patients With and Without Diabetic Kidney Disease.; This study aims to evaluate the difference in renal parenchyma stiffness assessed by measuring Young's modulus (YM) using a supersonic shear wave imaging (SSI) technique among healthy patients and patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) with and without diabetic kidney disease (DKD). We analyzed the correlations of YM with clinical information and conventional ultrasound parameters. All patients (N = 124) were divided into three groups: (i) healthy patients (patients without kidney disease or type 2 DM, N = 31); (ii) patients with type 2 DM without kidney disease (N = 38); and (iii) patients with DKD (N = 55). Conventional and SSI ultrasound examinations were performed in all individuals for both kidneys. Then, we recorded renal length, width, parenchyma thickness, interlobar arterial resistive index (RI) and values of mean, mininum and maximum YM. The mean values of these parameters for the left and right kidneys were calculated for statistical analysis. Statistical significance was considered at p < 0.05. Among all ultrasound parameters, the mean YM demonstrated the largest area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (0.860). The areas under the ROC curve (AUCs) for renal length, width, parenchyma thickness, interlobar arterial RI, minimum YM and maximum YM were 0.493, 0.616, 0.507, 0.733, 0.848 and 0.794, respectively. The corresponding cutoff value of mean YM was 31.73 kPa, with a sensitivity of 85.5% and a specificity of 71.0%. The mean YM in patients with type 2 DM without kidney disease (31.44 ± 3.83 kPa) was significantly higher than that in the healthy group (26.45 ± 4.32 kPa) and lower than that in the DKD group (37.60 ± 6.56 kPa). Patients with type 2 DM without kidney disease were considered as stage 0 of DKD. Thus, the mean YM in the control group was significantly lower than that in the stage 0, 2, 3, 4 and 5 subgroups. The mean YM in the stage 0-2 subgroups was lower than that in the stage 5 group, and the mean YM in the stage 0 group was lower than that in the stage 4 group. In the DKD group, the mean YM had a positive correlation with cystine-c (r = 0.634), urea (r = 0.596), creatine (r = 0.690), uric acid (r = 0.263), albumin/creatinine ratio (r = 0.428) and the presence or absence of diabetic retinopathy (r = 0.354). The mean YM also had a negative correlation with the estimated glomerular filtration rate (r = -0.657). SSI is a non-invasive method with which to diagnose DKD and has a performance superior to that of conventional ultrasound. In addition, SSI may provide a secondary index for the staging of DKD and the monitoring of renal damage in type 2 DM patients.
Newly established LC-MS/MS method for measurement of plasma BH4 as a predictive biomarker for kidney injury in diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The clinical research on BH4 is limited because of the difficulties on its measurement. In this study, we used our own established LC-MS/MS method to examine the plasma BH4 levels in diabetes to determine whether it could be used as a biomarker for the prediction of kidney injury in those patients. METHODS: Hospitalized diabetes patients in Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University from Jan to Aug 2021 were recruited. To assess the association between plasma BH4 with ACR or eGFR in diabetes, a total of 142 patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) were enrolled. They were divided into three groups by albuminuria levels: normoalbuminuria (n = 68), microalbuminuria (n = 48), and macroalbuminuria (n = 26) according to ACR; or into two groups by eGFR: eGFR≥90 or eGFR<90 ml/min for correlation and logistic regression analysis. Plasma BH4 level was measured by LC-MS/MS along with other biochemical indices. RESULTS: Plasma BH4 concentrations were decreased as ACR progressed. BH4 (r = -0.55, P < 0.001) and 2h C-Peptide (CP-2h) (r = -0.248, P = 0.003) levels were negatively correlated with ACR. Moreover, multivariable logistic regression analysis showed BH4 concentrations (B = -0.468, P < 0.001) and CP-2h (B = -0.257, P = 0.028) were independently associated with ACR progression. ROC curve showed that BH4 level has a predictive value on ACR (95%CI 0.686-0.841, sensitivity 69.1%, specificity 73%). Moreover, in diabetes patients with eGFR≥90 ml/min, plasma BH4 level (P = 0.008) is higher than those in diabetes with eGFR<90 ml/min and BH4 was remained independently associated with eGFR after multivariable logistic regression analysis (B = -0.193, P = 0.048). CONCLUSION: Our established LC-MS/MS method could be used on human plasma BH4 measurements and our data suggested that BH4 level can be used as a biomarker for kidney injury in diabetes indicated by its association with ACR progression and early renal function decline.
Urinary peptidomics in a rodent model of diabetic nephropathy highlights epidermal growth factor as a biomarker for renal deterioration in patients with type 2 diabetes.; Many diabetic patients suffer from declining renal function without developing albuminuria. To identify alternative biomarkers for diabetic nephropathy (DN) we performed urinary peptidomic analysis in a rodent model in which hyperglycemia and hypertension synergize to promote renal pathologic changes consistent with human DN. We identified 297 increased and 15 decreased peptides in the urine of rats with DN compared with controls, including peptides derived from proteins associated with DN and novel candidate biomarkers. We confirmed by ELISA that one of the parent proteins, urinary epidermal growth factor (uEGF), was more than 2-fold reduced in rats with DN in comparison with controls. To assess the clinical utility of uEGF we examined renal outcomes in 642 participants from the Edinburgh Type 2 Diabetes Study who were normoalbuminuric and had preserved renal function at baseline. After adjustment for established renal risk factors, a lower uEGF to creatinine ratio was associated with new-onset estimated glomerular filtration rate less than 60 ml/min per 1.73m(2) (odds ratio 0.48; 95% confidence interval, 0.26-0.90), rapid (over 5% per annum) decline in renal function (odds ratio 0.44; 95% confidence interval, 0.27-0.72) or the composite of both outcomes (odds ratio 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.24-0.62). Thus, the utility of a low uEGF to creatinine ratio as a biomarker of progressive decline in renal function in normoalbuminuric patients should be assessed in additional populations.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 Levels Exhibit the Association With Renal Outcomes in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Whether microalbuminuria predicts renal outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is argued. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) levels were elevated by the pathogenic process of diabetic kidney disease. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the associations of FGF-21 and renal outcomes in subjects with T2DM. METHODS: Chinese patients with T2DM were enrolled and then observed prospectively, and FGF-21 levels at baseline were measured. The associations of FGF-21 levels and renal composite events, defined by a drop > 30% of eGFR or worsening category of albuminuria, were evaluated using Cox analysis. The appropriate cut-off value of FGF-21 was mapped by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. RESULTS: Among 312 subjects, higher FGF-21 levels were associated with higher risks of renal events in Cox analysis. The area under the curve of FGF-21 levels in the ROC curve was optimal (0.67, p < 0.001), and the cut-off value of 1.40 pg/dl exhibited the best sensitivity (76.2%) and specificity (53.5%). The frequency of renal composite events was higher in subjects with FGF-21 ≥ 1.40 pg/dl than in others (30% vs. 10%, p<0.001 by the log-rank test). The worse renal outcomes predicted by FGF-21 ≥ 1.40 pg/dl were confirmed using the adjustments of Cox sequential models (hazard ratio 2.28, 95% confidence interval 1.23-4.24, p=0.009) and consistent across subjects with different status of baseline characteristics and renal risks. CONCLUSION: FGF-21 levels were proportional to the risks of renal events in broad- spectrum Chinese T2DM subjects, making it a potential biomarker to predict the renal outcomes of T2DM.
Urinary Cyclophilin A as a New Marker for Diabetic Nephropathy: A Cross-Sectional Analysis of Diabetes Mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is the most common single cause of end-stage renal disease. Albuminuria is the most commonly used marker to predict onset of diabetic nephropathy (DN) without enough sensitivity and specificity to detect early DN. This is the first study to identify urinary cyclophilin A (CypA) as a new biomarker for early DN.We recruited DM outpatients and healthy control subjects from January 2014 to December 2014. In this cross-sectional study, patients' urine samples were collected to determine the expression of urinary CypA. We also treated mesangial (MES-13) and tubular (HK-2) cells with glucose or free radicals to observe the expression of secreted CypA in Western blot analysis.A total of 100 DN patients and 20 healthy control subjects were enrolled. All variables were matched. In univariate analysis, the concentration of urinary CypA correlated well with the progression of renal function. A significant increase in urinary CypA was noted in stage 2 DN and persisted in later stages. We could diagnose stage 2 DN using urinary CypA with a sensitivity of 90.0% and specificity of 72.7%. The area under curve was up to 0.85, indicating a good discriminatory power. In cellular models, MES-13 and HK-2 cells can both release CypA.Urinary CypA is a good biomarker for early DN detection in humans and it can be released from either mesangial or tubular cells. The underlying molecular mechanisms still need further clarification in cellular and animal studies.
Identification of Diabetic Nephropathy in Patients Undergoing Kidney Biopsy through Blood and Urinary Profiles of d-Serine.; BACKGROUND: The diagnosis of diabetic nephropathy (DN), the major cause of ESKD, requires kidney biopsy. d-Serine, present only in trace amounts in humans, is a biomarker for kidney diseases and shows potential to distinguish the origin of kidney diseases, whose diagnoses usually require kidney biopsy. We extended this concept and examined the potential of d-serine in the diagnosis of DN. METHODS: We enrolled patients with biopsy sample-proven DN and primary GN (minimal change disease and IgA nephropathy) and participants without kidney disease. A total of 388 participants were included in this study, and d-serine levels in blood and urine were measured using two-dimensional high-performance liquid chromatography, and urinary fractional excretion (FE) of d-serine was calculated. Using data from 259 participants, we developed prediction models for detecting DN by logistic regression analyses, and the models were validated in 129 participants. RESULTS: A d-serine blood level of >2.34 μM demonstrated a high specificity of 83% (95% CI, 70% to 93%) for excluding participants without kidney diseases. In participants with a d-serine blood level >2.34 μM, the threshold of 47% in FE of d-serine provided an optimal threshold for the detection of DN (AUC, 0.85 [95% CI, 0.76 to 0.95]; sensitivity, 79% [95% CI, 61% to 91%]; specificity, 83% [95% CI, 67% to 94%]). This plasma-high and FE-high profile of d-serine in combination with clinical factors (age, sex, eGFR, and albuminuria) correctly predicted DN with a sensitivity of 91% (95% CI, 72% to 99%) and a specificity of 79% (95% CI, 63% to 80%), and outperformed the model based on clinical factors alone in the validation dataset (P<0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Analysis of d-serine in blood and urinary excretion is useful in identifying DN in patients undergoing kidney biopsy. Profiling of d-serine in patients with kidney diseases supports the suitable treatment through the auxial diagnosis of the origins of kidney diseases.
Correlation analysis of serum IGF-1 and IL-6 and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio in patients with type 2 diabetic kidney disease.; OBJECTIVES: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one of the most common chronic complications in diabetic patients, and there are major limitations in its pathological diagnosis. This study's objectives were to examine the changes in serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels in DKD patients with various urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) and to evaluate the utility of these two biological markers in the clinical diagnosis of the condition. METHODS: We chose 80 type 2 diabetic patients as the experimental group and 20 healthy normal participants as the control group. The experimental group was split into three groups based on the ACR range: diabetes without nephropathy group (ACR < 30 mg/g), microalbuminuric group (30 < ACR < 300 mg/g), and macroalbuminuric group (ACR > 300 mg/g). The levels of serum IL-6 and IGF-1 were assessed in each trial participant. RESULTS: Serum IGF-1 was higher in the experimental group than in the control group (P < 0.01), and serum IL-6 levels were also higher than in the control group (P < 0.001). In DKD patients, serum levels of IL-6 and IGF-1 tended to rise when ACR levels rose. By Pearson correlation analysis, serum IGF-1 and IL-6 were positively correlated with ACR (r = 0.765 and r = 0.651, all P < 0.001) and negatively correlated with eGFR (r = -0.389 and r = -0.364, all P < 0.01). Additionally, the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) characteristic curve showed that the area under the curve (AUC) values for serum IGF-1 and IL-6 were 0.9056 and 0.7850, respectively, while the AUR value for both combined was 0.9367. CONCLUSION: Serum IGF-1 and IL-6 levels can be used to diagnose DKD, and the combined analysis of these two indicators can improve the sensitivity and specificity of the disease diagnosis.
Clinical utility of serum beta-2-microglobulin as a predictor of diabetic complications in patients with type 2 diabetes without renal impairment.; AIM: As serum beta-2-microglobulin (B2M) levels are usually elevated in patients with renal failure, they have been suggested as a surrogate marker of cardiovascular mortality for patients with chronic kidney disease. Glycation of B2M is cytotoxic and may contribute to the risk of diabetic complications in patients with diabetes. Our objective was to evaluate the relationship between B2M and diabetic complications in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and normal kidney function. METHODS: A total of 366 patients with T2D and preserved renal function with no clinical evidence of cardiovascular disease were enrolled consecutively into this study. High B2M was defined as a median serum B2M level ≥ 1.8 mg/L. Subclinical atherosclerosis was defined as a carotid artery intima-media thickness (C-IMT) ≥ 0.9 mm or the presence of carotid plaque. The definition of diabetic nephropathy was based on the presence of albuminuria (≥ 30 mg/g creatinine). RESULTS: Patients with high B2M were older, and had diabetes of longer duration, higher serum creatinine, microalbuminuria, and increased vascular stiffness and C-IMT compared with patients with low B2M. B2M levels were positively correlated with C-IMT and vascular stiffness, and these associations remained constant after adjusting for age. In addition, after adjusting for age, gender, body mass index, serum creatinine, hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption, the adjusted odds ratio (OR) for atherosclerosis was 2.01 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.02-3.94] per 1mg/L increase in B2M. The prevalences of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy were significantly higher with a high B2M than with a low B2M. The multiple adjusted OR for diabetic nephropathy was 2.29 (95% CI: 1.11-4.72) per 1mg/L increase of B2M. CONCLUSION: Higher serum B2M was an independent risk factor for subclinical atherosclerosis and diabetic nephropathy in patients with T2D without renal impairment.
The diagnostic value of lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 in early diabetic nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate diagnosis of lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) in early diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: A total of 342 type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients hospitalized in department of metabolism and nephrology in our hospital from January 2019 to December 2019 were randomly selected. Patients were divided into three groups via urine albumin level: diabetes mellitus (DM) group, simple diabetes group (114 patients, urinary albumin creatinine ratio (UACR) < 30 mg/g); DN1 group, early DN group (114 patients, UACR: 30-300 mg/g); DN2 group: clinical DN group (114 patients, UACR > 300mg/g). Eighty healthy adults were examined at the same time. Lp-PLA2, fasting blood glucose (FBG), creatinine (Cr), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TCHOL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood urea nitrogen/creatinine (BUN/Cr), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), 24-h urine protein, albumin and creatinine of all subjects were detected and compared. Pearson's correlation analysis and multiple ordered logistic regression were used to investigate the correlation between serum Lp-PLA2 level and DN. The possibility of Lp-PLA2 in the diagnosis of early DN was studied by using the subject working curve. RESULTS: Lp-PLA2 level in DN1 and DN2 groups was significantly higher than that in DM group, with statistical difference (p < .05). With the progression of DN, the level of Lp-PLA2 gradually increased p < .05. Lp-PLA2 was positively correlated with FBG, TG, LDL and HbA1c (R = 0.637, p < .01; R = 0.314, p = .01; R = 0.213, p = .01; R = 0.661, p ≤ .01), was negatively correlated with HDL (r = -0.230, p < .01). The results showed that Lp-PLA2 was an independent factor in the evaluation of early DN. The area under the curve for the evaluation of serum Lp-PLA2 level in early DN was 0.841, the optimal critical value was 155.9 ng/mL, the sensitivity was 88% and the specificity was 76.2%. CONCLUSIONS: Lp-PLA2 is an independent factor for the evaluation of early DN, and can be used as an important potential specific indicator for the diagnosis of early DN, meanwhile monitoring the progression of DN.
Serum bicarbonate concentration and the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in type 2 diabetes: the Fremantle Diabetes Study.; BACKGROUND: Serum bicarbonate is associated with mortality, heart failure (HF) and progression of renal failure in studies of healthy people and patients with chronic kidney disease, but the significance of these observations in unselected patients with diabetes in the general population is unknown. The aim of this study was to determine whether serum bicarbonate was associated with mortality and cardiovascular disease risk in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Baseline serum bicarbonate was available for 1283 well-characterized community-based patients (mean ± SD age 64.1 ± 11.3 years, 48.7 % males) from the longitudinal observational Fremantle Diabetes Study followed for a mean of 12 years. Associations between serum bicarbonate and mortality, coronary heart disease (CHD) and incident HF were analysed using Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: Serum bicarbonate was independently and negatively associated with incident CHD. For each 1 mmol/L increase in bicarbonate, the hazard ratio for CHD was 0.95 (95 % confidence interval 0.92-0.99) after adjustment for age as time scale, age at baseline, sex, English fluency, diabetes duration, log(e)(serum triglycerides), log(e)(urinary albumin: creatinine ratio), peripheral sensory neuropathy and peripheral arterial disease. There were no independent associations between serum bicarbonate and all-cause mortality [0.98 (0.95-1.004)] or incident HF [0.99 (0.95-1.03)]. CONCLUSIONS: Serum bicarbonate was a significant independent predictor of incident CHD but not death or HF in community-based patients with type 2 diabetes. This supports intervention trials of bicarbonate replacement in type 2 patients at risk of CHD and who have a low serum bicarbonate concentration.
Epidemiology of chronic kidney disease in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (SEEK-Saudi investigators) - a pilot study.; There are no available data about the prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and its risk factors in the general population of the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. To estimate the prevalence of CKD and its associated risk factors in the Saudi population, we conducted a pilot community-based screening program in commercial centers in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Candidates were interviewed and blood and urine samples were collected. Participants were categorized to their CKD stage according to their estimated Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD3)-based, the new Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation and the presence of albuminuria. The sample comprised 491 (49.9% were males) adult Saudi nationals. The mean age was 37.4 ± 11.3 years. The over-all prevalence of CKD was 5.7% and 5.3% using the MDRD-3 and CKD-EPI glomerular filtration equations, respectively. Gender, age, smoking status, body mass index, hypertension and diabetes mel-litus were not significant predictors of CKD in our cohort. However, CKD was significantly higher in the older age groups, higher serum glucose, waist/hip ratio and blood pressure. Only 7.1% of the CKD patients were aware of their CKD status, while 32.1% were told that they had protein or blood in their urine and 10.7% had known kidney stones in the past. We conclude that prevalence of CKD in the young Saudi population is around 5.7%. Our pilot study demonstrated the feasibility of screening for CKD. Screening of high-risk individuals is likely to be the most cost-effective strategy to detect CKD patients.
Diagnostic performance of kidney injury molecule-1 for detection of abnormal urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; In this study, we aimed to investigate whether serum and urinary levels of kidney injury molecule 1 (KIM-1) are increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients with albuminuria. While the correlation of urinary KIM-1 with renal impairment has been well established, the association with serum KIM-1 has not yet been so well documented. The present pilot study included Egyptian patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D): A total of 84 patients with T2D (age 49-64 years; 20 men) were included in the analysis of the present study. They were divided into two groups according to Alb/Cr ratio: the first group included 32 patients (38.1%) with abnormal Alb/Cr ratio (38.6 mg/g·Cr), and the second group included 52 patients with normal Alb/Cr ratio (17.9 mg/g·Cr). Serum and urinary KIM-1 were measured using enzyme-linked immunoassays. There was a significant difference between both serum and urine KIM-1 and Alb/Cr ratio. Patients with abnormal Alb/Cr ratio had significantly higher serum and urinary KIM-1. These results yielded sensitivity (75.0%) and specificity (96.2%) regarding serum KIM-1 with a cut-off point of 37.5 pg/mL, and sensitivity (93.8%) and specificity (88.5%) regarding urinary KIM1 with a cut-off point of 32.00 ng/g.Cr. Serum KIM-1 and urinary KIM-1 were significantly correlated with eGFR and Alb/Cr ratio. In this pilot study, we found that urinary, serum, and urinary levels of KIM-1 are associated with significant impairments in renal function among diabetic patients. Our results also showed that serum and urine KIM-1 can be used as potential biomarkers for diabetic kidney disease.
The advanced glycation end product N(epsilon)-carboxymethyllysine is not a predictor of cardiovascular events and renal outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetic kidney disease and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are implicated in the pathogenesis of vascular damage, especially in patients with diabetes and renal insufficiency. The oxidatively formed AGE N(epsilon)-carboxymethyllysine (CML) is thought to be a marker of oxidative stress. METHODS: Four hundred fifty patients with type 2 diabetes and nephropathy from the Irbesartan in Diabetic Nephropathy Trial cohort (mean age, 58 +/- 8.2 years; 137 women, 313 men) with a mean glomerular filtration rate of 48.2 mL/min (0.80 mL/s; Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formula) were followed up for 2.6 years. Serum CML was measured by using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Relationships between CML levels, traditional risk factors, and cardiovascular and renal events were tested in Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Mean serum CML level was 599.9 +/- 276.0 ng/mL, and mean hemoglobin A1c level was 7.5% +/- 1.6%. One hundred forty-three first cardiovascular events occurred during follow-up; 74 patients died, 44 of cardiovascular causes. Final multivariate analysis showed age (relative risk [RR], 1.87; confidence interval [CI], 1.13 to 3.11; P = 0.016 for the highest compared with lowest quartile), history of prior cardiovascular events (RR, 1.96; CI, 1.35 to 2.85; P < 0.0005), and 24-hour urinary albumin-creatinine ratio (RR, 1.29; CI, 1.11 to 1.50 per doubling; P < 0.0005) to be independent risk factors for a first cardiovascular event, but not CML level. CML level also did not correlate significantly with renal outcome. CONCLUSION: Serum CML level could not be identified as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular or renal outcomes in the examined population. This suggests that traditional risk factors might have a more important role for these end points or that other AGE compounds, as well as tissue AGE levels, might be of greater relevance compared with serum levels, which remains open to further study.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with chronic kidney disease in an adult population from southern China.; BACKGROUND: Population-based studies evaluating the prevalence of kidney damage in different communities have been limited in developing countries. We conducted a population-based screening study in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou that aimed to identify the prevalence and associated risk factors of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in southern Chinese populations. METHODS: We interviewed 6311 residents (>20 years) from six districts of Guangzhou from July 2006 to June 2007 and tested for haematuria, albuminuria and reduced renal function. Associations between age, gender, smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hyperuricaemia and kidney damage were examined. RESULTS: There were 6311 subjects enrolled in this study. After adjustment for age and gender, the prevalence of albuminuria, haematuria and reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was 6.6% [95% confidence interval (CI): 5.5-7.6%], 3.8% (95% CI: 3.4%, 4.3%) and 3.2% (95% CI: 2.4%, 3.3%), respectively. Approximately 12.1% (95% CI: 11.3%, 12.9%) of the sample population had at least one indicator of kidney damage. Age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, central obesity, hyperlipidaemia and use of nephrotoxic medications were independently associated with albuminuria; hyperuricaemia, age, gender, hypertension and use of nephrotoxic medications were independently associated with reduced eGFR, and female gender was independently associated with haematuria. CONCLUSIONS: In the general adult population from southern China, 12.1% has either proteinuria, haematuria and/or reduced eGFR, indicating the presence of kidney damage, with an awareness of only 9.6%. The high prevalence and low awareness of CKD in this population suggest an urgent need for CKD prevention programmes in China.
Associations between abdominal obesity indices and diabetic complications: Chinese visceral adiposity index and neck circumference.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Obesity, especially abdominal obesity, has been considered a risk factor for diabetic complications. Many abdominal obesity indices have been established, including neck circumference (NC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), lipid accumulation product (LAP), visceral adiposity index (VAI) and the Chinese visceral adiposity index (CVAI). However, studies investigating the associations between these indices and diabetic complications are limited. The objective of this study was to investigate the associations of the abdominal obesity indices with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease (CVD), diabetic kidney disease (DKD) and diabetic retinopathy (DR). METHODS: A total of 4658 diabetic participants were enrolled from seven communities in Shanghai, China, in 2018. Participants completed questionnaires and underwent blood pressure, glucose, lipid profile, and urine albumin/creatinine ratio measurements; fundus photographs; and anthropometric parameters, including height, weight, waist circumference (WC), NC and hip circumference (HC). RESULTS: In men, a one standard deviation (SD) increase in CVAI level was significantly associated with a greater prevalence of CVD (OR 1.35; 95% CI 1.13, 1.62) and DKD (OR 1.38; 95% CI 1.12, 1.70) (both P < 0.05). In women, a one SD increase in CVAI level was significantly associated with a greater prevalence of CVD (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.04, 1.69) and DKD (OR 2.50; 95% CI 1.81, 3.47) (both P < 0.05). A one SD increase in NC was significantly associated with a greater prevalence of CCA plaque in both men (OR 1.26; 95% CI 1.10, 1.44) and women (OR 1.20; 95% CI 1.07, 1.35). These associations were all adjusted for potential confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: CVAI was most strongly associated with the prevalence of CVD and DKD among the abdominal obesity indices, and NC was unique associated with the prevalence of CCA plaque in Chinese adults with diabetes. Trial registration ChiCTR1800017573, www.chictr.org.cn . Registered 04 August 2018.
Association of HbA1c and cardiovascular and renal disease in an adult Mediterranean population.; BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence suggests a mechanistic link between the glycemic environment and renal and cardiovascular events, even below the threshold for diabetes. We aimed to assess the association between HbA1c and chronic kidney disease (CKD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: A cross-sectional study involving a random representative sample of 2270 adults from southern Spain (Malaga) was undertaken. We measured HbA1c, serum creatinine and albuminuria in fasting blood and urine samples. RESULTS: Individuals without diabetes in the upper HbA1c tertile had an unfavorable cardiovascular and renal profile and shared certain clinical characteristics with the patients with diabetes. Overall, a higher HbA1c concentration was strongly associated with CKD or CVD after adjustment for traditional risk factors. The patients with known diabetes had a 2-fold higher odds of CKD or CVD. However, when both parameters were introduced in the same model, the HbA1c concentration was only significantly associated with clinical endpoints (OR: 1.4, 95% CI, 1.1-1.6, P = 0.002). An increase in HbA1c of one percentage point was associated with a 30% to 40% increase in the rate of CKD or CVD. This relationship was apparent in persons with and without known diabetes. ROC curves illustrated that a HbA1c of 37 mmol/mol (5.5%) was the optimal value in terms of sensitivity and specificity for predicting endpoints in this population. CONCLUSION: HbA1c levels were associated with a higher prevalence of CKD and CVD cross-sectionally, regardless of diabetes status. These data support the value of HbA1c as a marker of cardiovascular and renal disease in the general population.
Comparative effectiveness of sulfonylurea and metformin monotherapy on cardiovascular events in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The effects of sulfonylureas and metformin on outcomes of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in type 2 diabetes are not well-characterized. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of sulfonylureas and metformin on CVD outcomes (acute myocardial infarction and stroke) or death. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: National Veterans Health Administration databases linked to Medicare files. PATIENTS: Veterans who initiated metformin or sulfonylurea therapy for diabetes. Patients with chronic kidney disease or serious medical illness were excluded. MEASUREMENTS: Composite outcome of hospitalization for acute myocardial infarction or stroke, or death, adjusted for baseline demographic characteristics; medications; cholesterol, hemoglobin A1c, and serum creatinine levels; blood pressure; body mass index; health care utilization; and comorbid conditions. RESULTS: Among 253 690 patients initiating treatment (98 665 with sulfonylurea therapy and 155 025 with metformin therapy), crude rates of the composite outcome were 18.2 per 1000 person-years in sulfonylurea users and 10.4 per 1000 person-years in metformin users (adjusted incidence rate difference, 2.2 [95% CI, 1.4 to 3.0] more CVD events with sulfonylureas per 1000 person-years; adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.21 [CI, 1.13 to 1.30]). Results were consistent for both glyburide (aHR, 1.26 [CI, 1.16 to 1.37]) and glipizide (aHR, 1.15 [CI, 1.06 to 1.26]) in subgroups by CVD history, age, body mass index, and albuminuria; in a propensity score-matched cohort analysis; and in sensitivity analyses. LIMITATION: Most of the veterans in the study population were white men; data on women and minority groups were limited but reflective of the Veterans Health Administration population. CONCLUSION: Use of sulfonylureas compared with metformin for initial treatment of diabetes was associated with an increased hazard of CVD events or death. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Practical prediction model for the risk of 2-year mortality of individuals in the general population.; This study proposed to validate a prediction model and risk-stratification tool of 2-year mortality rates of individuals in the general population suitable for office practice use. A risk indicator (R) derived from data in the literature was based on only 6 variables: to calculate R for an individual, starting with 0, for each year of age above 60, add 0.14; for a male, add 0.9; for diabetes mellitus, add 0.7; for albuminuria > 30 mg/g of creatinine, add 0.7; for stage ≥ 3 chronic kidney disease (CKD), add 0.9; for cardiovascular disease (CVD), add 1.4; or for both CKD and CVD, add 1.7. We developed a univariate logistic regression model predicting 2-year individual mortality rates. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) data set (1999-2004 with deaths through 2006) was used as the target for validation. These 12,515 subjects had a mean age of 48.9 ± 18.1 years, 48% males, 9.5% diabetes, 11.7% albuminuria, 6.8% CVD, 5.4% CKD, and 2.8% both CKD and CVD. Using the risk indicator R alone to predict mortality demonstrated good performance with area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of 0.84. Dividing subjects into low-risk (R=0-1.0), low intermediate risk (R > 1.0-3.0), high intermediate risk (R > 3.0-5.0) or high-risk (R > 5.0) categories predicted 2-year mortality rates of 0.52%, 1.44%, 5.19% and 15.24%, respectively, by the prediction model compared with actual mortality rates of 0.29%, 2.48%, 5.13% and 13.40%, respectively. We have validated a model of risk stratification using easily identified clinical characteristics to predict 2-year mortality rates of individuals in the general population. The model demonstrated performance adequate for its potential use for clinical practice and research decisions.
Prevalence of Obesity and its Association with Chronic Kidney Disease, Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus. Isle of Youth Study (ISYS), Cuba.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity is a social disease constituting a global pandemic. It is present in 90% of diabetic and 65% of hypertensive patients. It is associated with cardiometabolic syndrome and with damaging physiopathological mechanisms, particularly for the vascular system and the kidneys. On Cuba's Isle of Youth, a community-based epidemiological study of chronic kidney disease (CKD), hypertension (HTN), diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardio-cerebral vascular disease was carried out in total population, including an examination of common risk factors. OBJECTIVE: Based on the Isle of Youth Study (ISYS) data, determine prevalence of obesity and overweight, and their association with CKD, HTN, DM, and shared risk factors for all these conditions in total population of the Isle of Youth, Cuba. METHODS: Phase 1: Population diagnosis (November 2004-April 2006): 96.6% of the Isle of Youth’s total population (80,117) was studied, including all ages and both sexes. Information was offered to the public, and written informed consent obtained. Screening was conducted by participant questionnaire including risk factors, physical measurements (weight, height, blood pressure and body mass index), and a single first-morning urine sample to determine the presence of vascular-renal damage markers – proteinuria and hematuria (Combur 10 Test, Roche), and microalbuminuria (Micral Test, Roche). When results were positive, serum creatinine was determined and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) estimated with Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) formula for adults and Schwartz formula for children <15 years. Data obtained were analyzed to determine association of participants’ nutritional status with prevalence of chronic kidney disease, hypertension and diabetes mellitus, as well as a set of common risk factors. RESULTS: Population <20 years: Obesity prevalence 3.2%; positive urine markers in 56.9% of obese and 8.9% of non-obese participants; positive albuminuria in 38% of obese and 3% of non-obese. Obese participants were found to be hyperfiltrating. DM prevalence was 9.5% in obese and 1.1% in non-obese participants. Population ≥20 years: Overweight, 31.3%; obese, 13.4%. Positive markers in normal-weight, overweight and obese individuals were 18.3%, 21.2% and 32.7%, respectively; microalbuminuria values increased with weight. Obese individuals were found to be hyperfiltrating. HTN prevalence in normal-weight, overweight and obese individuals was 18.3%, 31.5%, and 51.0% respectively; DM rates were 2.8%, 5.2% y 11.3%, respectively. CONCLUSION: In Cuba, obesity poses significant risk for vascular and renal damage and should be the focus of increased prevention efforts.
Adropin Predicts Chronic Kidney Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients with Chronic Heart Failure.; Adropin is a multifunctional secreted protein, which is involved in the metabolic modulation of the heart-brain-kidney axis in heart failure (HF). The aim of the study was to detect the plausible predictive value of serum levels of adropin for chronic kidney disease (CKD) grades 1-3 in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with chronic HF. We enrolled 417 T2DM individuals with chronic HF and subdivided them into two groups depending on the presence of CKD. The control group was composed of 25 healthy individuals and 30 T2DM patients without HF and CKD. All eligible patients underwent an ultrasound examination. Adropin was detected by ELISA in blood samples at the study baseline. We found that adropin levels in T2DM patients without HF and CKD were significantly lower than in healthy volunteers, but they were higher than in T2DM patients with known HF. The optimal cut-off point for adropin levels was 2.3 ng/mL (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.86; 95% CI = 0.78-0.95; sensitivity = 81.3%, specificity = 77.4%). The multivariate logistic regression adjusted for albuminuria/proteinuria showed that serum levels of adropin <2.30 ng/mL (OR = 1.55; p = 0.001) independently predicted CKD. Conclusions: Low levels of adropin in T2DM patients with chronic CH seem to be an independent predictor of CKD at stages 1-3.
Sudoscan's Effectiveness in Identifying Chronic Kidney Disease in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) represents a significant public health issue, particularly prevalent among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). CKD occurs in approximately 20% to 40% of adults with diabetes mellitus. Sudoscan potentially detects CKD early, providing a non-invasive and convenient alternative to traditional screening methods that rely on serum creatinine and urine albumin levels. This research involves 271 patients from a single medical center over one year, with all participants providing informed consent. The prevalence of CKD in our group was 26.5% (n = 72). This study integrates a comprehensive examination, including anthropometric measurements, biochemical profiles, and Sudoscan's electrochemical skin conductance testing. CKD diagnosis was confirmed via estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR). The aim of this study was to explore the utility of Sudoscan in detecting CKD among patients with T2DM. Statistical analysis reveals moderate correlations between Sudoscan scores and traditional CKD markers like eGFR and albuminuria. It is beneficial in settings where conventional testing is less accessible, suggesting potential for broader CKD screening programs. Key findings suggest that Sudoscan can identify early renal dysfunction with reasonable sensitivity and specificity. Integrating Sudoscan in regular CKD screening could enhance early detection, allowing for timely interventions to prevent progression to end-stage renal disease and reduce healthcare burdens associated with advanced CKD. The results contribute to the ongoing assessment of innovative technologies in managing chronic diseases related to diabetes.
MicroRNA-21 as an Early Marker of Nephropathy in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is the most common cause of chronic kidney disease worldwide. A major challenge is to identify early diabetic nephropathy. microRNAs (miRNAs) are short noncoding RNA sequences and regulate a wide range of biological processes as cell differentiation, proliferation, cell metabolism and apoptosis. miRNAs may have a role in molecular mechanisms linked to cellular pathways of DN. The aim of this study was to investigate the level of microRNA-21 as a potential marker of early nephropathy in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). METHODS: A total number of 340 participants were included and classified into 3 groups; Group I included 100 healthy participants, Group II included 120 patients with T1DM with <5 years duration, and Group III included 120 patients with T1DM with >5 years duration. All participants were submitted to detail clinical examination, laboratory investigations, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) as well as plasma microRNA-21 assays. RESULTS: Blood pressure and ACR were significantly higher in group III than groups I and II. Further, microRNA-21 was significantly higher in group III than groups I and II, and more in group II than group I. microRNA-21 starts to rise in group II before microalbuminuria. miRNA-21 at a level of 0.01 had a greater sensitivity 94.1% and specificity 100% for identifying DN than ACR at level 45 mg/gm with sensitivity 88.2% and specificity 89%. CONCLUSION: Plasma microRNA-21 can serve as an early marker for diagnosis and identifying diabetic nephropathy in T1DM.
The Association Between Triglyceride Glucose-Body Mass Index and Kidney Impairment in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; PURPOSE: Insulin resistance is associated with kidney impairment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The triglyceride glucose-body mass index (TyG-BMI), which combines the TyG index with body mass index (BMI), has received significant attention as a tool for evaluating insulin resistance. Thus, the aim of this study was to explore the association between TyG-BMI and kidney impairment in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: The cross-sectional analysis included 1080 patients with T2DM, and data were collected retrospectively. TyG-BMI was calculated by fasting blood glucose, triglyceride, and body mass index. RESULTS: TyG-BMI was significantly higher in T2DM patients with albuminuria than those without albuminuria (232.16 [206.52-268.02] vs 229.83 [206.11-255.64], p =0.023). T2DM patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) showed a significantly higher value of TyG-BMI compared with those without CKD (232.23 [206.46-268.28] vs 229.73 [206.11-255.49], p=0.014). Correlation analysis showed a significantly positive association between TyG-BMI and metabolic parameters including BMI (r = 0.866, p < 0.001), TG (r = 0.630, p < 0.001), TC (r = 0.119, p < 0.001), HDL-C (r = -0.374, p < 0.001), FBG (r = 0.297, p < 0.001), and HbA1c (r = 0.116, p < 0.001) in patients with T2DM. The binary logistic regression analysis found that TyG-BMI was an independent factor for albuminuria (OR = 1.004, 95% CI: 1.001-1.008, p = 0.010) and CKD (OR = 1.005, 95% CI: 1.001-1.008, p = 0.005) in patients with T2DM respectively. CONCLUSION: The study suggests that TyG-BMI is associated with kidney impairment in patients with T2DM. Given that TyG-BMI is a novel parameter of insulin resistance, the study results indicates that clinicians should pay close attention to screening for kidney impairment in T2DM patients with insulin resistance.
Prevalence of Chronic Kidney Disease and Poor Diagnostic Accuracy of Dipstick Proteinuria in Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Infected Individuals: A Multicenter Study in Japan.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has become one of the common comorbid conditions affecting the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) population. Human immunodeficiency virus-infected individuals are at increased risk of developing CKD, and they are likely to experience faster progression of renal dysfunction compared with HIV-uninfected individuals. Albuminuria represents not only kidney damage but also manifests metabolic syndrome and vascular dysfunction. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, cross-sectional study involving 2135 HIV-infected individuals in Japan to test the prevalence of CKD and proteinuria/albuminuria. Urine sample was analyzed by both dipstick test and albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) assay. Chronic kidney disease was classified according to the Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (K/DOQI) and Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines. The diagnostic performance of dipstick test to detect albuminuria (ACR ≥30 mg/g) was evaluated. RESULTS: The prevalence of CKD, evaluated by K/DOQI and KDIGO guidelines, was 15.8% and 20.4%, respectively. Age, total cholesterol level, prevalence of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hepatitis C infection tended to increase, whereas levels of hemoglobin, serum albumin, and CD4 cell count tended to decrease as CKD risk grades progressed. Proteinuria and albuminuria were present in 8.9% and 14.5% of individuals, respectively. Dipstick test ≥1+ to detect albuminuria had an overall sensitivity of 44.9% and specificity of 97.2%. CONCLUSIONS: The KDIGO guideline may enable physicians to capture HIV-infected patients at increased risk more effectively. The sensitivity of dipstick proteinuria to detect albuminuria is so poor that it may not serve as an alternative in HIV-infected individuals.
Screening for Chronic Kidney Disease in Adult Males in Vojvodina: A Cross-sectional Study.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is one of the most significant global health problems accompanied by numerous complicatons, with constant increase in the number of affected people. This number is much higher in early phases of disease and patients are mostly asymptomatic, so early detection of CKD is crucial. The aim was examination of the prevalence of CKD in the general population of males in Vojvodina, based on estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urine albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR), and exploring the determinants and awareness of CKD. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 3060 male examinees from the general population, over 18 years of age, whose eGFR and ACR were calculated, first morning urine specimen examined, arterial blood pressure measured and body mass index calculated. Standard biochemistry methods determined creatinine, urea, uric acid and glucose serum concentrations as well as albumin and creatinine urine levels. RESULTS: Prevalence of CKD in the adult male population is 7.9%, highest in men over 65 years of age (46.7%), while in the other age groups it is 3.6-12.6%. The largest number of examinees with a positive CKD marker suffer from arterial hypertension (HTA) and diabetes mellitus (DM). Only 1.3% of examinees with eGFR<60 ml/min/1.73 m(2) and/or ACR≥ 3 mg/mmol had been aware of positive CKD biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: Obtained results show the prevalence of CKD in adult males is 7.9%, HTA and DM are the most important CKD risk factors and the level of CKD awareness is extremely low (1.3%) indicating the necessity for introduction of early stage disease recognition measures, including raising CKD awareness.
Urinary transferrin, high molecular weight proteinuria and the progression of renal disease.; AIMS: Proteinuria predicts rate of progression in a variety of nephropathies. There is considerable evidence that iron-transferrin is toxic to proximal tubular cells in vitro, and recent clinical work suggests that selectivity of proteinuria influences the outcome of renal disease. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between the nature of proteinuria and progression of renal disease. METHODS: This was a prospective, cross-sectional study in 66 patients with primary glomerulonephritis, diabetic nephropathy and a variety of other renal diseases. Urinary transferrin was measured by sandwich ELISA and correlated with rate of change in estimated creatinine clearance (ECC). Urinary SDS-PAGE was undertaken to divide proteinuria into tertiles according to molecular weight and to quantify the protein in each tertile. The magnitude of each tertile was then correlated with rate of change in ECC over a median period of 20 months. RESULTS: Rate of change of renal function correlated with total proteinuria (r2 = 18%, p < 0.001) and albuminuria (r2 = 17%, p < 0.001), but not urinary transferrin (r2 = 0%, p = 0.235). On univariate analysis high molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 21%, p < 0.001), intermediate molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 15%, p = 0.001) and low molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 10%, p = 0.005) correlated with rate of change in ECC as did total fasting cholesterol (r2 = 7%, p = 0.003). On multivariate analysis, however, the only independent predictors of rate of change in ECC were high molecular weight proteinuria (r2 = 19%, p < 0.001), and total fasting cholesterol (r2 = 5%, p = 0.035). CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence to support the hypothesis that iron-transferrin is important in the development of human renal injury. High molecular weight proteinuria correlates more strongly with rate of progression of renal disease than intermediate molecular weight, low molecular weight or even total proteinuria. This suggests either, that one or more high molecular weightproteins are implicated in causing progressive renal impairment, or that loss of size selectivity at the glomerular basement membrane is associated with accelerated tubulointerstitial damage.
