Antigen‐specific active immunotherapy for ovarian cancer; Abstract - Background This is the second update of the review first published in the Cochrane Library (2010, Issue 2) and later updated (2014, Issue 9). Despite advances in chemotherapy, the prognosis of ovarian cancer remains poor. Antigen‐specific active immunotherapy aims to induce tumour antigen‐specific anti‐tumour immune responses as an alternative treatment for ovarian cancer. Objectives Primary objective   • To assess the clinical efficacy of antigen‐specific active immunotherapy for the treatment of ovarian cancer as evaluated by tumour response measured by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) and/or cancer antigen (CA)‐125 levels, response to post‐immunotherapy treatment, and survival differences ◦ In addition, we recorded the numbers of observed antigen‐specific humoral and cellular responses  Secondary objective   • To establish which combinations of immunotherapeutic strategies with tumour antigens provide the best immunological and clinical results Search methods For the previous version of this review, we performed a systematic search of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2009, Issue 3), in the Cochrane Library, the Cochrane Gynaecological Cancer Group Specialised Register, MEDLINE and Embase databases, and clinicaltrials.gov (1966 to July 2009). We also conducted handsearches of the proceedings of relevant annual meetings (1996 to July 2009). For the first update of this review, we extended the searches to October 2013, and for this update, we extended the searches to July 2017. Selection criteria We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), as well as non‐randomised studies (NRSs), that included participants with epithelial ovarian cancer, irrespective of disease stage, who were treated with antigen‐specific active immunotherapy, irrespective of type of vaccine, antigen used, adjuvant used, route of vaccination, treatment schedule, and reported clinical or immunological outcomes. Data collection and analysis Two reviews authors independently extracted the data. We evaluated the risk of bias for RCTs according to standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane, and for NRSs by using a selection of quality domains deemed best applicable to the NRS. Main results We included 67 studies (representing 3632 women with epithelial ovarian cancer). The most striking observations of this review address the lack of uniformity in conduct and reporting of early‐phase immunotherapy studies. Response definitions show substantial variation between trials, which makes comparison of trial results unreliable. Information on adverse events is frequently limited. Furthermore, reports of both RCTs and NRSs frequently lack the relevant information necessary for risk of bias assessment. Therefore, we cannot rule out serious biases in most of the included trials. However, selection, attrition, and selective reporting biases are likely to have affected the studies included in this review. GRADE ratings were high only for survival; for other primary outcomes, GRADE ratings were very low. The largest body of evidence is currently available for CA‐125‐targeted antibody therapy (17 studies, 2347 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Non‐randomised studies of CA‐125‐targeted antibody therapy suggest improved survival among humoral and/or cellular responders, with only moderate adverse events. However, four large randomised placebo‐controlled trials did not show any clinical benefit, despite induction of immune responses in approximately 60% of participants. Time to relapse with CA‐125 monoclonal antibody versus placebo, respectively, ranged from 10.3 to 18.9 months versus 10.3 to 13 months (six RCTs, 1882 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Only one RCT provided data on overall survival, reporting rates of 80% in both treatment and placebo groups (three RCTs, 1062 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Other small studies targeting many different tumour antigens have presented promising immunological results. As these strategies have not yet been tested in RCTs, no reliable inferences about clinical efficacy can be made. Given the promising immunological results and the limited side effects and toxicity reported, exploration of clinical efficacy in large well‐designed RCTs may be worthwhile. Authors' conclusions We conclude that despite promising immunological responses, no clinically effective antigen‐specific active immunotherapy is yet available for ovarian cancer. Results should be interpreted cautiously, as review authors found a significant dearth of relevant information for assessment of risk of bias in both RCTs and NRSs. Plain language summary Antigen‐specific active immunotherapy for ovarian cancer Background    Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynaecological cancers. Standard therapy consists of surgery and chemotherapy. Responses to chemotherapy are generally good; however, most women experience relapse, for which no curative treatment is available. The presence of certain immune cells in tumours is associated with longer survival. This suggests that stimulation of anti‐tumour immune responses (i.e. immunotherapy) might be a useful approach for improving outcomes among women with ovarian cancer. Review question   This review evaluated the feasibility of antigen‐specific active immunotherapy. Antigen‐specific active immunotherapy aims to induce anti‐tumour immune responses through administration of a tumour antigen ‐ a molecule that is expressed by tumour cells and is hardly expressed by healthy cells. Reviewers collected information on clinical outcomes, immunological responses, and side effects. Main findings   We identified 67 studies, which included 3632 women with ovarian cancer and were published between 1966 and 2017. The most frequently described strategy was administration of antibodies targeting the tumour antigen CA‐125 (2347 participants in 17 studies). Most of these studies primarily evaluated safety and immunological responses. Severe flu‐like and gastrointestinal symptoms occurred in 7% to 30% of participants. Researchers frequently detected antibodies and immune cells recognising the tumour antigen CA‐125, albeit response rates varied between studies. Despite these promising immunological responses, four large studies reported no survival advantage for participants treated with CA‐125‐directed antibody over those given placebo. For strategies not relying on antibody administration, similar conclusions cannot yet be drawn. Overall, study authors report that treatment was well tolerated and inflammatory side effects at the injection site were most frequently observed. Researchers observed responses of the immune system for most strategies studied, but the clinical benefit of these strategies remains to be evaluated in large trials. Certainty of the evidence and conclusions   Because no high‐certainty evidence of clinical benefit is currently available, antibody therapy targeting CA‐125 should not be incorporated into standard treatment in its current form. Based on lack of uniformity in included studies, we strongly advocate universal adoption of response definitions, guidelines for adverse events reporting, and directives for trial conduct and reporting. Furthermore, results from ongoing randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are awaited, and further RCTs should be conducted.
Sublingual immunotherapy for treating allergic conjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Allergic ocular symptoms, although frequently trivialised, are common and represent an important comorbidity of allergic rhinitis. Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) is an effective and well‐tolerated treatment for allergic rhinitis, but its effects on symptoms of ocular allergy have not been well established. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy of SLIT compared with placebo for reductions in ocular symptoms, topical ocular medication requirements and conjunctival immediate allergen sensitivity. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 1), MEDLINE (January 1950 to January 2011), EMBASE (January 1980 to January 2011), Latin American and Caribbean Literature on Health Sciences (LILACS) (January 1982 to January 2011), Web of Science (January 1970 to January 2011), Biosis Previews, (January 1979 to January 2011), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ) (January 2011), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) (January 2011), the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) ( www.actr.org.au ) (July 2010), SCOPUS (November 2008) and the UK Clinical Trials Gateway (January 2010). There were no language or date restrictions in the search for trials. All electronic databases except for SCOPUS, the UK Clinical Trials Gateway and ANZCTR were last searched on 19 January 2011. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), double‐masked and placebo controlled, which evaluated the efficacy of SLIT in patients with symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) or allergic conjunctivitis (AC). Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was the total ocular symptom scores. Secondary endpoints included individual ocular symptom scores (such as itchy eyes, red eyes, watery eyes, swollen eyes), ocular medication scores (eye drops) and conjunctival immediate allergen sensitivity (CIAS). Data were analysed and reported as standardised mean differences (SMDs) using Review Manager software. Main results Forty‐two trials (n = 3958 total participants; n= 2011 SLIT and n = 1947 placebo) had available data to evaluate the efficacy of SLIT on AC and were included in the meta‐analyses. Heterogeneity among studies (I 2  statistic) was around 50% or below for all endpoints. Sublingual immunotherapy induced a significant reduction in both total ocular symptom scores (SMD ‐0.41; 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.53 to ‐0.28; P < 0.00001; I 2  = 59%) and individual ocular symptom scores for red eyes (SMD ‐0.33; 95% CI ‐0.45 to ‐0.22; P < 0.00001; I 2  = 27%), itchy eyes (SMD ‐0.31; 95% CI ‐0.42 to ‐0.20; P < 0.00001; I 2  = 46%) and watery eyes (SMD ‐0.23; 95% CI ‐0.34 to ‐0.11; P < 0.0001; I 2  = 42%) compared to placebo. Those participants having active treatment showed an increase in the threshold dose for the conjunctival allergen provocation test (SMD 0.35; 95% CI 0.00 to 0.69; P = 0.05; I 2  = 43%). No significant reduction was observed in ocular eye drops use (SMD ‐0.10; 95% CI ‐0.22 to 0.03; P = 0.13; I 2  = 34%). Authors' conclusions Overall, SLIT is moderately effective in reducing total and individual ocular symptom scores in participants with ARC and AC. There were however some concerns about the overall quality of the evidence‐base, this relating to inadequate descriptions of allocation concealment in some studies, statistical heterogeneity and the possibility of publication bias. There is a need for further large rigorously designed studies that study long‐term effectiveness after discontinuation of treatment and establish the cost‐effectiveness of SLIT. Plain language summary Sublingual immunotherapy (tablets, spray or drops under the tongue) to treat inflammation of the conjunctiva due to allergy Conjunctivitis means inflammation of the conjunctiva. The conjunctiva is the thin 'skin' that covers the white part of the eyes and the inside of the eyelids. Allergic conjunctivitis is the inflammation of the conjunctiva due to allergy. The most common cause is an allergy to pollen during the hay fever season. Symptoms include red eyes, itching, increased tearing and swelling of the conjunctiva and eyelids. If allergic conjunctivitis is combined with nasal allergy, the condition is termed allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. When medications do not provide enough relief another option is immunotherapy, which builds immunity to the allergen causing the reaction. Immunotherapy can be given under the tongue, nasally or by injection. This review included 42 trials with a total of 3958 participants with allergic conjunctivitis; 2011 who had sublingual immunotherapy and 1947 who had placebo. This review found that sublingual immunotherapy (that is, administered under the tongue) can reduce symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 2, 2003. Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which can significantly impair quality of life. Immunotherapy by injection can significantly reduce symptoms and medication use but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic adverse reactions. Immunotherapy by the sublingual route is therefore of considerable interest. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis in adults and children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane ENT Group Trials Register; CENTRAL (2010, Issue 3); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts;  m RCT and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 14 August 2009. Selection criteria Randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials of sublingual immunotherapy in adults or children. Primary outcome measures were symptom and medication scores. We also collected adverse event data. Data collection and analysis Two independent authors selected studies and assessed risk of bias. One author extracted data which was rechecked by two other authors. We used the standardised mean difference (SMD) with a random‐effects model to combine data. Main results We included a total of 60 randomised controlled trials in the review. Forty‐nine were suitable for pooling in meta‐analyses (2333 SLIT, 2256 placebo participants). Overall, we found a significant reduction in symptoms (SMD ‐0.49; 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.64 to ‐0.34, P < 0.00001) and medication requirements (SMD ‐0.32; 95% CI ‐0.43 to ‐0.21, P < 0.00001) in participants receiving sublingual immunotherapy compared to placebo. None of the trials included in this review reported severe systemic reactions or anaphylaxis, and none of the systemic reactions reported required the use of adrenaline. Authors' conclusions This updated review reinforces the conclusion of the original 2003 Cochrane Review that sublingual immunotherapy is effective for allergic rhinitis and has been proven to be a safe route of administration. Plain language summary Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis (including hay fever) Allergic rhinitis is characterised by red, itchy eyes, a blocked and runny nose, and sneezing. The most common causes of allergic rhinitis are different pollens (grass and tree), house dust mites, mould and animal dander. Allergic rhinitis can be intermittent (such as hay fever) or persistent (all year round). The treatment of allergic rhinitis depends on its severity and duration, and is usually based on the use of antihistamines and nasal corticosteroids. If these drugs cannot control symptoms immunotherapy is recommended. Immunotherapy involves the administration of gradually increasing doses of the allergen over a period of time to desensitise the patient. It is the only known treatment that modifies the immune response and treats the cause rather than the symptoms. In reviewing 60 trials we found a significant reduction in symptom and medication scores in patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy compared to placebo. There were no serious adverse reactions reported in the included trials and no patient needed the use of adrenaline. This updated Cochrane Review therefore reinforces the conclusions of the earlier review in confirming the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy.
Immunotherapy for advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma; Abstract - Background Immune checkpoint inhibitors are increasingly important in the treatment algorithm for locally advanced and metastatic bladder cancer. Numerous ongoing studies are investigating these agents as first‐ and second‐line therapies, both alone and in combination with chemotherapy or in a maintenance therapy setting. Objectives To assess the effects of immune checkpoint inhibitors compared to chemotherapy as first‐ and second‐line treatment of advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search including the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, three other databases, several trial registers, other sources of gray literature, and conference proceedings, with no restrictions on language of publication. We limited the search period to run from 2000 until August 2022. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) using immunotherapy versus chemotherapy and would have considered non‐randomized trials in the absence of randomized trial data. Participants had locally advanced inoperable (cT4b or N+, or both) or metastatic (M1) (or both) urothelial carcinoma of the bladder or upper urinary tract. We excluded studies of people in whom immunotherapy was used in combination with chemotherapy or in a surveillance setting. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently classified studies for inclusion and abstracted data from included studies. We performed statistical analyses using a random‐effects model and interpreted them according to the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We used GRADE guidance to rate the certainty of evidence on a per‐outcome basis. Main results We included five RCTs and identified seven single‐armed studies. The RCTs included 3572 participants comparing immunotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of locally advanced and metastatic bladder cancer. First‐line therapy Immunotherapy probably has little to no effect on the risk of death from any cause when used as first‐line therapy compared to chemotherapy (hazard ratio [HR] 0.97, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.87 to 1.07; I 2  = 0%; 3 studies, 2068 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 750 deaths per 1000 participants with chemotherapy and 11 fewer (45 fewer to 26 more) deaths per 1000 participants with immunotherapy at 36 months. Immunotherapy probably has little to no effect on health‐related quality of life (mean difference (MD) 4.10, 95% CI 3.83 to 4.37; 1 study, 393 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), when assuming a minimal clinically important difference (MCID) of at least 6 points (using the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy – Bladder [FACT‐BL] tool; scale 0 to 156 with higher scores representing better quality of life). Immunotherapy probably reduces adverse events grade 3 to 5 (RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.75; I 2  = 97%; 3 studies, 2046 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 908 grade 3 to 5 adverse events per 1000 participants with chemotherapy, with 481 fewer (644 fewer to 227 fewer) grade 3 to 5 adverse events per 1000 participants with immunotherapy. We found no evidence for the outcome time to death from bladder cancer. Immunotherapy probably increases the risk of time to disease progression (HR 1.33, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.50; I 2  = 0%; 2 studies, 1349 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 660 events per 1000 participants with chemotherapy and 102 more (57 more to 152 more) events per 1000 participants with immunotherapy at 36 months. Immunotherapy may reduce discontinuations due to adverse effects (RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.20 to 1.10; I 2  = 94%; 3 studies, 2046 participants; low‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 338 discontinuations per 1000 participants with chemotherapy and 179 fewer (271 fewer to 34 more) discontinuations per 1000 participants with immunotherapy. Second‐line therapy Immunotherapy may reduce the risk of death from any cause when used as second‐line therapy (HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.81; I 2  = 0%; 2 studies, 1473 participants; low‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 920 deaths per 1000 participants with chemotherapy (vinflunine, paclitaxel, docetaxel) and 59 fewer (95 fewer to 28 fewer) deaths per 1000 participants with immunotherapy at 36 months. Immunotherapy may have little to no effect on health‐related quality of life when compared to chemotherapy (MD 4.82, 95% CI ‐3.11 to 12.75; I 2  = 85%; 2 studies, 727 participants; low‐certainty evidence), assuming an MCID of at least 10 points (using the EORTC QLQ tool; scale 0 to 100 with higher scores representing better quality of life). Immunotherapy may reduce adverse events grade 3 to 5 in participants undergoing second‐line therapy (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.81 to 0.97; I 2  = 9%; 2 studies, 1423 participants; low‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 630 grade 3 to 5 adverse events per 1000 participants with chemotherapy and 76 fewer (126 fewer to 25 fewer) grade 3 to 5 adverse events per 1000 participants with immunotherapy. We found no evidence for the outcome of time to death from bladder cancer. We are very uncertain if immunotherapy reduces the risk of disease progression (HR 0.99, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.16; I 2  = 0%; 2 studies, 1473 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Immunotherapy may reduce discontinuations due to adverse events in participants undergoing second‐line therapy (RR 0.35, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.72; I 2  = 69%; 2 studies, 1473 participants; low‐certainty evidence). This corresponds to 110 discontinuations per 1000 participants with chemotherapy and 72 fewer (91 fewer to 31 fewer) discontinuations per 1000 participants with immunotherapy. Authors' conclusions Compared to chemotherapy, immunotherapy for treating advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma probably has little to no effect on the risk of death from any cause when used as first‐line therapy. Still, it may reduce the risk of death from any cause when used as second‐line therapy. Health‐related quality of life for participants receiving first‐ and second‐line therapy does not appear to be affected by immunotherapy. Immunotherapy probably reduces or may reduce adverse events grade 3 to 5 when used as first‐ and second‐line therapy, respectively. Plain language summary Immunotherapy versus chemotherapy for treating inoperable or metastatic bladder cancer Review question How does immunotherapy (a newer medicine that works through the body's immune system) compare to chemotherapy (a medicine that kills cancer cells) in people with cancer of the bladder or upper urinary system that has spread throughout the body or a surgical procedure is not feasible due to an advanced stage. Background Until a few years ago, the treatment of bladder cancer that has spread to other organs outside the urinary tract (metastatic bladder cancer) consisted of one of only a few chemotherapies using medicines called cisplatin or carboplatin (platinum‐containing chemotherapy). Now the treatment of metastatic bladder cancer includes several new immunotherapies. Immunotherapies use the body's immune system to prevent the tumor from growing, or may even shrink it. This review looked at the evidence for immunotherapies as the first (first‐line) or later (second‐line) treatment for metastatic bladder cancer, and compared it to chemotherapy. Study characteristics We considered non‐randomized studies and randomized controlled trials (in which people are assigned to a group by chance) in this Cochrane Review, as some of the approvals by responsible authorities are based on non‐randomized trials. We only included randomized controlled trials in our analyses. Key results We identified five randomized trials and seven non‐randomized studies addressing our review question, but only analyzed the randomized trials. People in these trials had locally advanced (cancer that has spread from where it first started to nearby tissue and could not be removed by surgery) or metastatic bladder cancer. First‐line treatment: immunotherapy for the treatment of advanced or metastatic bladder cancer, compared to chemotherapy, probably has little to no effect on the risk of death from any cause (if 750 out of 1000 people on chemotherapy died within three years, there would be 11 fewer [between 45 fewer and 26 more] people out of 1000 on immunotherapy who died). Immunotherapy probably has little to no effect on health‐related quality of life (measured using a point scale from 0 to 156, the quality of life in people with immunotherapy was only 4.1 points better on average). Immunotherapy probably reduces serious side effects (if 908 out of 1000 people on chemotherapy had serious side effects within one year, there would be 481 fewer [between 644 fewer and 227 fewer] people out of 1000 on immunotherapy with serious side effects). Second‐line treatment: immunotherapy may reduce the risk of death from any cause (if 920 out of 1000 people on chemotherapy died within three years, there would be 59 fewer [between 95 fewer and 28 fewer] people out of 1000 on immunotherapy who died). Health‐related quality of life may not be affected by immunotherapy (measured using a point scale from 0 to 100, the quality of life in people with immunotherapy was only 4.8 points better on average). Immunotherapy may reduce serious side effects (if 630 out of 1000 people on chemotherapy had serious side effects within 15 months, there would be 76 fewer [between 126 fewer and 25 fewer] people out of 1000 on immunotherapy with serious side effects). Main limitations of the evidence Depending on the outcome, we have little to moderate confidence in the evidence.
Allergen injection immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is the most common of the allergic diseases. Despite improved understanding of the pathophysiology of allergic rhinitis and advances in its pharmacological treatment, its prevalence has increased worldwide. For patients whose symptoms remain uncontrolled despite medical treatment, allergen injection immunotherapy is advised. An allergen‐based treatment may reduce symptoms, the need for medication and modify the natural course of this disease. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous specific allergen immunotherapy, compared with placebo, for reducing symptoms and medication requirements in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library , Issue 1 2006), MEDLINE (1950 to 2006), EMBASE (1974 to 2006), Pre‐MEDLINE, KOREAMED, INDMED, LILACS, PAKMEDINET, Scisearch,  m RCT and the National Research Register. The date of the last search was February 2006. Selection criteria All studies identified by the searches were assessed to identify randomised controlled trials involving participants with symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy or corresponding placebo. Data collection and analysis Two independent authors identified all studies reporting double‐blind, placebo controlled randomised trials of specific immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis due to tree, grass or weed pollens. Two authors independently performed quality assessment of studies. Data from identified studies were abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.2.8. Analysis was performed using the Standardised Mean Difference (SMD) method and a random‐effects model; P values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. The primary outcome measures were symptom scores, medication use, quality of life and adverse events. Main results We retrieved 1111 publications of which 51 satisfied our inclusion criteria. In total there were 2871 participants (1645 active, 1226 placebo), each receiving on average 18 injections. Duration of immunotherapy varied from three days to three years. Symptom score data from 15 trials were suitable for meta‐analysis and showed an overall reduction in the immunotherapy group (SMD ‐0.73 (95% CI ‐0.97 to ‐0.50, P < 0.00001)). Medication score data from 13 trials showed an overall reduction in the immunotherapy group (SMD of ‐0.57 (95% CI ‐0.82 to ‐0.33, p<0.00001)). Clinical interpretation of the effect size is difficult. Adrenaline was given in 0.13% (19 of 14085 injections) of those on active treatment and in 0.01% (1 of 8278 injections) of the placebo group for treatment of adverse events. There were no fatalities. Authors' conclusions This review has shown that specific allergen injection immunotherapy in suitably selected patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis results in a significant reduction in symptom scores and medication use. Injection immunotherapy has a known and relatively low risk of severe adverse events. We found no long‐term consequences from adverse events. Plain language summary Immunotherapy by allergen injections for seasonal allergic rhinitis ('hay fever') Seasonal allergic rhinitis ('hay fever') is a global health problem and its prevalence has increased considerably in the last two decades. Treatment includes allergen avoidance, drugs such as antihistamine tablets and nasal sprays, and immunotherapy (vaccination). For those patients whose symptoms remain uncontrolled despite drug treatment, specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT) is advised. Specific allergen immunotherapy is most commonly administered as subcutaneous (under the skin) injections by specialists requiring a building‐up period followed by a maintenance period of three to five years. Immunotherapy may also be delivered by the oral, nasal or sublingual route and these will be studied in separate Cochrane reviews, as will immunotherapy for perennial (all year round) allergic rhinitis. In this review we aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of injection immunotherapy, compared with placebo, for reducing symptoms and the need for medication. We identified randomised, double‐blind, placebo controlled trials of specific allergen immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis due to tree, grass or weed pollens. Fifty‐one studies satisfied our inclusion criteria. In total there were 2871 participants (1645 in the treatment groups and 1226 in the placebo), each receiving on average 18 injections. The duration of treatment varied from three days to three years. This review has shown that injection immunotherapy in suitably selected patients with hay fever results in significant reductions in symptom scores and medication use. Injection immunotherapy has a known and relatively low risk of severe adverse events. We found no long‐term consequences from adverse events and no fatalities.
Helminth therapy (worms) for allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a disorder of the nasal membranes and surrounding tissues, and a worldwide cause of illness and disability. Helminths are complex tissue‐dwelling or lumen‐dwelling organisms that inhabit larger organisms and are frequently asymptomatic. Helminths modulate the natural immune responses of their human hosts, and may prevent or cure immune‐mediated or allergic diseases (e.g. allergic rhinitis) in the host. Non‐randomised studies support this hypothesis. Objectives To assess the safety and effectiveness of helminth therapy in people with allergic rhinitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 24 June 2011. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials where the intervention was any helminth species or combination of helminth species, administered to people with allergic rhinitis in any dose, by any route and for any duration of exposure. We accepted both intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis patients. Data collection and analysis We independently extracted data and assessed eligibility and risk of bias using a standardised data collection form. We resolved any disagreement through discussion. We combined dichotomous data using risk ratio (RR) and continuous data using mean difference (MD), presenting both with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We found five reports of two single‐centre, placebo‐controlled, double‐blinded studies (130 participants). Participants in both studies were a mix of adults with either intermittent or persistent allergic rhinitis. Both studies had a low risk of bias. One study, with 12 weeks’ follow‐up, used a single percutaneous application of 10  Necator americanus  (i.e. human hookworm) larvae. The other study, with 24 weeks’ follow‐up, used three‐weekly oral dosing with 2500  Trichuris suis  (i.e. pig whipworm) eggs in aqueous suspension. Of 17 outcomes evaluated in this review, eight were positive (i.e. favoured helminths). Participants taking helminths had no reduction in allergic rhinitis symptoms, percentage of well days (i.e. days with minimal symptoms and no use of medication for allergic rhinitis), lung function measures and quality of life scores. Total use of medication for allergic rhinitis (eye drops, nasal sprays, tablets) did not change; however, in the helminth group there was a statistically significant reduction in the percentage of days during the grass pollen season when participants needed to take tablets as rescue medication for their allergic rhinitis symptoms (MD –14.0%, 95% CI –26.6 to –1.40); in a typical 60‐day pollen season this 14% reduction translates into 19 days when tablets would be needed in the helminth group versus 27 days when tablets would be needed in the placebo group. Participants taking helminths percutaneously (i.e. as hookworm larvae) had local skin itching and redness in the first few days after administration. Participants taking helminths were more likely to report any gastrointestinal adverse event (RR 1.79, 95% CI 1.31 to 2.45), moderate or severe abdominal pain (RR 7.67, 95% CI 1.87 to 31.57), moderate or severe flatulence (RR 2.01, 95% CI 1.06 to 3.81) and moderate or severe diarrhoea (RR 1.99, 95% CI 1.18 to 3.37). There was no difference between the helminth and placebo groups in the incidence of serious adverse events, and in study withdrawals. Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient evidence on the efficacy, tolerability and likely costs of helminth therapy to support its use in the routine management of allergic rhinitis. Administered to humans in carefully measured doses, helminths appear to be safe. More preclinical studies should be performed, before larger and extended duration trials of helminths for allergic rhinitis are carried out. Future studies should collect and report comparative data on the costs of helminth therapy versus conventional pharmacotherapy. Plain language summary Helminth therapy (worms) for allergic rhinitis Allergic rhinitis is a common health problem affecting about 500 million people worldwide; its prevalence is increasing. The symptoms of allergic rhinitis include sneezing, and an itchy, runny and blocked nose. Several classes of drugs are used to treat allergic rhinitis, but these drugs may be ineffective, and some drug classes have side effects after long‐term use. Drugs may also be relatively expensive. Helminths are complex multicellular organisms that inhabit larger organisms, and in humans are often symptomless. Helminths modulate (that is, optimally adjust) the immune systems of their hosts and it is thought that this property of helminths could be used therapeutically, to prevent or treat allergic diseases, such as allergic rhinitis. We included two well‐designed studies with a total of 130 adult participants, each study using a different species of gastrointestinal helminth (human hookworm in one study and pig whipworm in the other) as the intervention. Both studies found no significant efficacy from helminths, although one helminth species ( Trichuris suis , the pig whipworm) reduced the need for participants to take tablets as ‘rescue medication’ during the grass pollen season. Adverse events such as abdominal pain and flatulence were commoner in the helminth group, but the two helminths species studied did not cause serious adverse reactions. Currently there is insufficient evidence to support the use of helminths for allergic rhinitis in routine clinical practice. More preclinical studies are needed, before larger and extended duration clinical trials of helminths for allergic rhinitis are performed.
Specific allergen immunotherapy for the treatment of atopic eczema; Abstract - Background Specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT) is a treatment that may improve disease severity in people with atopic eczema (AE) by inducing immune tolerance to the relevant allergen. A high quality systematic review has not previously assessed the efficacy and safety of this treatment. Objectives To assess the effects of specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT), including subcutaneous, sublingual, intradermal, and oral routes, compared with placebo or a standard treatment in people with atopic eczema. Search methods We searched the following databases up to July 2015: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in the Cochrane Library (Issue 7, 2015), MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), LILACS (from 1982), Web of Science™ (from 2005), the Global Resource of EczemA Trials (GREAT database), and five trials databases. We searched abstracts from recent European and North American allergy meetings and checked the references of included studies and review articles for further references to relevant trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of specific allergen immunotherapy that used standardised allergen extracts in people with AE. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction (including adverse effects), assessment of risk of bias, and analyses. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We identified 12 RCTs for inclusion in this review; the total number of participants was 733. The interventions included SIT in children and adults allergic to either house dust mite (10 trials), grass pollen, or other inhalant allergens (two trials). They were administered subcutaneously (six trials), sublingually (four trials), orally, or intradermally (two trials). Overall, the risk of bias was moderate, with high loss to follow up and lack of blinding as the main methodological concern. Our primary outcomes were 'Participant‐ or parent‐reported global assessment of disease severity at the end of treatment'; 'Participant‐ or parent‐reported specific symptoms of eczema, by subjective measures'; and 'Adverse events, such as acute episodes of asthma or anaphylaxis'. SCORing Atopic Dermatitis (SCORAD) is a means of measuring the effect of atopic dermatitis by area (A); intensity (B); and subjective measures (C), such as itch and sleeplessness, which we used. For 'Participant‐ or parent‐reported global assessment of disease severity at the end of treatment', one trial (20 participants) found improvement in 7/9 participants (78%) treated with the SIT compared with 3/11 (27%) treated with the placebo (risk ratio (RR) 2.85, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02 to 7.96; P = 0.04). Another study (24 participants) found no difference: global disease severity improved in 8/13 participants (62%) treated with the SIT compared with 9/11 (81%) treated with the placebo (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.26; P = 0.38). We did not perform meta‐analysis because of high heterogeneity between these two studies. The quality of the evidence was low. For 'Participant‐ or parent‐reported specific symptoms of eczema, by subjective measures', two trials (184 participants) did not find that the SIT improved SCORAD part C (mean difference (MD) ‐0.74, 95% CI ‐1.98 to 0.50) or sleep disturbance (MD ‐0.49, 95% CI ‐1.03 to 0.06) more than placebo. For SCORAD part C itch severity, these two trials (184 participants) did not find that the SIT improved itch (MD ‐0.24, 95% CI ‐1.00 to 0.52). One other non‐blinded study (60 participants) found that the SIT reduced itch compared with no treatment (MD ‐4.20, 95% CI ‐3.69 to ‐4.71) and reduced the participants' overall symptoms (P < 0.01), but we could not pool these three studies due to high heterogeneity. The quality of the evidence was very low. Seven trials reported systemic adverse reactions: 18/282 participants (6.4%) treated with the SIT had a systemic reaction compared with 15/210 (7.1%) with no treatment (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.49; the quality of the evidence was moderate). The same seven trials reported local adverse reactions: 90/280 participants (32.1%) treated with the SIT had a local reaction compared with 44/204 (21.6%) in the no treatment group (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.81). As these had the same study limitations, we deemed the quality of the evidence to also be moderate. Of our secondary outcomes, there was a significant improvement in 'Investigator‐ or physician‐rated global assessment of disease severity at the end of treatment' (six trials, 262 participants; RR 1.48, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.88). None of the studies reported our secondary outcome 'Parent‐ or participant‐rated eczema severity assessed using a published scale', but two studies (n = 184), which have been mentioned above, used SCORAD part C, which we included as our primary outcome 'Participant‐ or parent‐reported specific symptoms of eczema, by subjective measures'. Our findings were generally inconclusive because of the small number of studies. We were unable to determine by subgroup analyses a particular type of allergen or a particular age or level of disease severity where allergen immunotherapy was more successful. We were also unable to determine whether sublingual immunotherapy was associated with more local adverse reactions compared with subcutaneous immunotherapy. Authors' conclusions Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. The low quality was mainly due to the differing results between studies, lack of blinding in some studies, and relatively few studies reporting participant‐centred outcome measures. We found limited evidence that SIT may be an effective treatment for people with AE. The treatments used in these trials were not associated with an increased risk of local or systemic reactions. Future studies should use high quality allergen formulations with a proven track record in other allergic conditions and should include participant‐reported outcome measures. Plain language summary Specific allergy immunotherapy for the treatment of atopic eczema Background At least one in seven children and one in 50 adults suffer from atopic eczema, a skin condition characterised by an itchy red rash. People with atopic eczema are allergic to things in the environment, such as house dust mites, and exposure to what they are allergic to may make their eczema worse. Specific allergen immunotherapy is a treatment that involves a course of injections or drops under the tongue containing the substance to which a person is allergic. The treatment can reduce the severity of a person's allergy and may therefore be able to reduce symptoms of atopic eczema. We evaluated whether specific allergen immunotherapy was better or worse than a standard treatment or placebo at improving disease severity and symptoms as assessed by participants, parents, or investigators. Review question Is specific allergen immunotherapy an effective treatment for people with atopic eczema? Study characteristics The evidence is current to July 2015. We found 12 studies, with 733 participants, which included both children and adults. Studies were conducted in specialist allergy centres in nine countries. The duration of trials ranged from four months to three years. Immunotherapy was administered to the participants in four different ways. Allergen manufacturers funded seven of the 12 studies. Key results We found no evidence from the studies in our review that SIT may be an effective treatment for atopic eczema, as rated by participants or parents for disease severity and symptoms. We found limited evidence that SIT may improve investigator‐rated disease severity. Immunotherapy did not cause any more harm than a standard treatment or placebo. Quality of the evidence Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. We downgraded quality mainly due to the differing results between studies, lack of blinding in some studies, and that relatively few studies reported outcomes relevant to patients. Future studies should use high quality allergen formulations with a proven track record in other allergic conditions and should include participant‐reported outcome measures.
Sublingual immunotherapy for asthma; Abstract - Background Asthma is a common long‐term respiratory disease affecting approximately 300 million people worldwide. Approximately half of people with asthma have an important allergic component to their disease, which may provide an opportunity for targeted treatment. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) aims to reduce asthma symptoms by delivering increasing doses of an allergen (e.g. house dust mite, pollen extract) under the tongue to induce immune tolerance. Fifty‐two studies were identified and synthesised in the original Cochrane Review in 2015, but questions remained about the safety and efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy for people with asthma. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy compared with placebo or standard care for adults and children with asthma. Search methods The original searches for trials from the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register (CAGR), ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO ICTRP, and reference lists of all primary studies and review articles found trials up to 25 March 2015. The most recent search for trials for the current update was conducted on 29 October 2019. Selection criteria We included parallel randomised controlled trials, irrespective of blinding or duration, that evaluated sublingual immunotherapy versus placebo or as an add‐on to standard asthma management. We included both adults and children with asthma of any severity and with any allergen‐sensitisation pattern. We included studies that recruited participants with asthma, rhinitis, or both, providing at least 80% of trial participants had a diagnosis of asthma. We selected outcomes to reflect recommended outcomes for asthma clinical trials and those most important to people with asthma. Primary outcomes were asthma exacerbations requiring a visit to the emergency department (ED) or admission to hospital, validated measures of quality of life, and all‐cause serious adverse events (SAEs). Secondary outcomes were asthma symptom scores, exacerbations requiring systemic corticosteroids, response to provocation tests, and dose of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the search results for included trials, extracted numerical data, and assessed risk of bias, all of which were cross‐checked for accuracy. Any disagreements were resolved by discussion. We analysed dichotomous data as odds ratios (ORs) or risk differences (RDs) using study participants as the unit of analysis; we analysed continuous data as mean differences (MDs) or standardised mean differences (SMDs) using random‐effects models. We considered the strength of evidence for all primary and secondary outcomes using the GRADE approach. Main results Sixty‐six studies met the inclusion criteria for this update, including 52 studies from the original review. Most studies were double‐blind and placebo‐controlled, varied in duration from one day to three years, and recruited participants with mild or intermittent asthma, often with comorbid allergic rhinitis. Twenty‐three studies recruited adults and teenagers; 31 recruited only children; three recruited both; and nine did not specify. The pattern of reporting and results remained largely unchanged from the original review despite 14 further studies and a 50% increase in participants studied (5077 to 7944). Reporting of primary efficacy outcomes to measure the impact of SLIT on asthma exacerbations and quality of life was infrequent, and selective reporting may have had a serious effect on the completeness of the evidence; 16 studies did not contribute any data, and a further six studies could only be included in a post hoc analysis of all adverse events. Allocation procedures were generally not well described; about a quarter of the studies were at high risk of performance or detection bias (or both); and participant attrition was high or unknown in around half of the studies. The primary outcome in most studies did not align with those of interest to the review (mostly asthma or rhinitis symptoms), and only two small studies reported our primary outcome of exacerbations requiring an ED or hospital visit; the pooled estimate from these studies suggests SLIT may reduce exacerbations compared with placebo or usual care, but the evidence is very uncertain (OR 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.10 to 1.20; n = 108; very low‐certainty evidence). Nine studies reporting quality of life could not be combined in a meta‐analysis and, whilst the direction of effect mostly favoured SLIT, the effects were often uncertain and small. SLIT likely does not increase SAEs compared with placebo or usual care, and analysis by risk difference suggests no more than 1 in 100 people taking SLIT will have a serious adverse event (RD −0.0004, 95% CI −0.0072 to 0.0064; participants = 4810; studies = 29; moderate‐certainty evidence). Regarding secondary outcomes, asthma symptom and medication scores were mostly measured with non‐validated scales, which precluded meaningful meta‐analysis or interpretation, but there was a general trend of SLIT benefit over placebo. Changes in ICS use (MD −17.13 µg/d, 95% CI −61.19 to 26.93; low‐certainty evidence), exacerbations requiring oral steroids (studies = 2; no events), and bronchial provocation (SMD 0.99, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.82; low‐certainty evidence) were not often reported. Results were imprecise and included the possibility of important benefit or little effect and, in some cases, potential harm from SLIT. More people taking SLIT had adverse events of any kind compared with control (OR 1.99, 95% CI 1.49 to 2.67; high‐certainty evidence; participants = 4251; studies = 27), but events were usually reported to be transient and mild. Lack of data prevented most of the planned subgroup and sensitivity analyses. Authors' conclusions Despite continued study in the field, the evidence for important outcomes such as exacerbations and quality of life remains too limited to draw clinically useful conclusions about the efficacy of SLIT for people with asthma. Trials mostly recruited mixed populations with mild and intermittent asthma and/or rhinitis and focused on non‐validated symptom and medication scores. The review findings suggest that SLIT may be a safe option for people with well‐controlled mild‐to‐moderate asthma and rhinitis who are likely to be at low risk of serious harm, but the role of SLIT for people with uncontrolled asthma requires further evaluation. Plain language summary Sublingual immunotherapy for asthma Review question We assessed the evidence on the use of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for people with asthma compared with placebo (dummy treatment) or with standard asthma care. We focused on whether SLIT is a good treatment for asthma and whether it is safe. Background Asthma is a long‐term condition that causes breathing problems and cough, which sometimes develop into asthma attacks. This may lead to the need for patients to take extra medication, visit a clinic or a hospital for treatment, or even be admitted to the hospital. Approximately 300 million people worldwide have asthma, and allergies may be an important trigger of asthma symptoms in about half of these people (e.g. house dust mites, pollen). The aim of SLIT is to reduce the body's allergic response that causes asthma symptoms, which is done by giving repeated doses of what the person is allergic to in liquid or tablet form under the tongue. It is currently unclear whether SLIT is more helpful or safer for people with asthma, when compared with placebo or just continuation of normal asthma treatments. Study characteristics We included 66 studies involving 7944 people, which is 2867 more people than the last time we reviewed the evidence. The included studies lasted between one day and three years, and most people in the studies had mild asthma. Both males and females were included, and about half of the studies included only children. Most studies involved people with house dust mites or pollen allergy. The evidence presented here is current to 29 October 2019. Key results Very few included studies recorded the number of people who had asthma attacks or 'exacerbations' leading to a hospital visit or the need for additional medication, possibly because most people in the studies had mild asthma, so it was difficult to tell if they can be reduced by SLIT. A few studies reported quality of life, but they used different scales, so it was unclear if SLIT had a positive effect. Some studies reported that people taking SLIT had fewer asthma symptoms and a reduced need for asthma medication compared with the control group, but studies measured this information in lots of different ways so that it was difficult to combine or assess for accuracy. People receiving SLIT were no more or less likely to experience serious unwanted side effects, but these were generally very rare. We are not confident that this finding would apply to people with more severe asthma. People receiving SLIT were more likely to experience any unwanted side effect, but many of these were mild. Most guidelines for asthma treatment recommend that SLIT should be used only for people with asthma that is difficult to control with standard treatments. However, many of the studies in this review included people with mild asthma, so trials looking at the effects of SLIT for people with more severe asthma are needed. It would be helpful if these studies used standard scales to report their findings, so that in the future results can be combined. Certainty of the evidence The evidence presented in this review is generally of moderate or low certainty, with very few studies reporting outcomes that are important to people with asthma, such as asthma attacks and quality of life. Most studies did not clearly explain how investigators decided which people would receive SLIT and which individuals would receive placebo or normal care, and in some studies, both participants and trial organisers knew which treatment participants were getting, which may have affected the results.
Immunotherapy for diabetic amyotrophy; Abstract - Background People with diabetes mellitus (DM) sometimes present with acute or subacute, progressive, asymmetrical pain and weakness of the proximal lower limb muscles. The various names for the condition include diabetic amyotrophy, diabetic lumbosacral radiculoplexus neuropathies, diabetic femoral neuropathy or Bruns‐Garland syndrome. Some studies suggest that diabetic amyotrophy may be an immune‐mediated inflammatory microvasculitis causing ischaemic damage of the nerves. Immunotherapies would therefore be expected to be beneficial. This is the second update of a review first published in 2009. Objectives To review the evidence from randomised trials for the efficacy of any form of immunotherapy in the treatment of diabetic amyotrophy. Search methods On 5 September 2016 we searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase. We also contacted authors of relevant publications and other experts to obtain additional references, unpublished trials, and ongoing trials. Selection criteria We intended to include all randomised and quasi‐randomised trials of any immunotherapy in participants with the condition fulfilling all the following: diabetes mellitus as defined by internationally recognised criteria; acute or subacute onset of pain and lower motor neuron weakness involving predominantly the proximal muscles of the lower limbs; weakness that is not confined to one nerve or nerve root distribution; and exclusion of other causes of lumbosacral radiculopathies and plexopathy. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently examined all references retrieved by the search to select those meeting the inclusion criteria. Main results We found only one completed placebo‐controlled trial (N = 75) using intravenous methylprednisolone in diabetic amyotrophy ( Dyck 2006 ). The results have not been fully published and were not available for analysis. The risk of bias was unclear because there was too little information to make a judgement, but we considered the trial at high risk of selective reporting. The published abstract did not report adverse events. We found no additional trials when the searches were updated in September 2016. Authors' conclusions There is presently no evidence from randomised trials to support a positive or negative effect of any immunotherapy in the treatment in diabetic amyotrophy. Plain language summary Treatments that act on the immune system for diabetic amyotrophy Review question Is immunotherapy an effective and safe treatment for diabetic amyotrophy? Background Diabetic amyotrophy, which is also known as diabetic lumbosacral radiculoplexus neuropathy, diabetic femoral neuropathy or Bruns‐Garland syndrome, is an uncommon disorder of the peripheral nerves (nerves outside the brain and spinal cord) that occurs in people with diabetes. The condition causes pain and weakness in the legs, mostly the muscles at the front of the thigh. Some researchers have found that blood vessels become inflamed and have suggested that this interrupts blood supply to the nerves. Medicines that target immune cells could be helpful. Study characteristics We found only one completed trial, which included 75 people who received methylprednisolone or a placebo. However the results have not been fully published and were not available for further scrutiny. The published abstract did not report adverse events. There is presently no evidence from any trial to show whether immunotherapies may benefit people with this condition. We await results from trials to show whether corticosteroids, immunoglobulin or other treatments that act on the immune system have an effect in the treatment of diabetic amyotrophy. Searches are up to date to September 2016.
Immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage; Abstract - Background Because immunological aberrations might be the cause of miscarriage in some women, several immunotherapies have been used to treat women with otherwise unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of any immunotherapy, including paternal leukocyte immunization and intravenous immunoglobulin on the live birth rate in women with previous unexplained recurrent miscarriages. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (11 February 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomized trials of immunotherapies used to treat women with three or more prior miscarriages and no more than one live birth after, in whom all recognized non‐immunologic causes of recurrent miscarriage had been ruled out and no simultaneous treatment was given. Data collection and analysis The review author and the two co‐authors independently extracted data and assessed study quality for all studies considered for this review. Main results Twenty trials of high quality were included. The various forms of immunotherapy did not show significant differences between treatment and control groups in terms of subsequent live births: paternal cell immunization (12 trials, 641 women), Peto odds ratio (Peto OR) 1.23, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 1.70; third‐party donor cell immunization (three trials, 156 women), Peto OR 1.39, 95% CI 0.68 to 2.82; trophoblast membrane infusion (one trial, 37 women), Peto OR 0.40, 95% CI 0.11 to 1.45; or intravenous immunoglobulin, (eight trials, 303 women), Peto OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.58. Authors' conclusions Paternal cell immunization, third‐party donor leukocytes, trophoblast membranes, and intravenous immunoglobulin provide no significant beneficial effect over placebo in improving the live birth rate. Plain language summary Immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage Immunotherapy does not lower the risk of future miscarriage in women who repeatedly miscarry. Background   Recurrent miscarriage is three or more consecutive early miscarriages. One theory is that for some women, this might be caused by an immune system response to the embryo or fetus. Therapies that try to immunize the woman against the 'foreign' cells of a future pregnancy have been tried. Immunotherapies have included white blood cells (leukocytes) from the woman's partner or a donor, products derived from early embryos (trophoblast membranes), or antibodies derived from blood (immunoglobulin). Review question   We sought to determine whether immunological treatments would improve the chance of live births in women with a history of recurrent miscarriage.    Study characteristics   We included 20 randomized controlled trials involving 1137 women, which took place from 1985 and 2004 in 11 countries. The trials examined four different forms of immunotherapy: immunization using white blood cells from the woman's partner (12 trials, 641 women), white blood cells from a third‐party donor (three trials, 156 women), products derived from early embryos (one trial, 37 women), or antibodies derived from blood (intravenous immunoglobulin) (eight trials 303 women). Quality of the evidence and conclusions   Overall, we considered the risk of bias for the majority of included studies to be low. The review of trials found that none of these treatments provided a significant beneficial effect over placebo in improving the live birth rate or lowered the risk of future miscarriage in women who have recurrent miscarriages.
Oral immunotherapy for milk allergy; Abstract - Background The mainstay of treatment of IgE‐mediated cow milk allergy (IMCMA) is an avoidance diet, which is especially difficult with a ubiquitous food like milk. Milk oral immunotherapy (MOIT) may be an alternative treatment, through desensitization or induction of tolerance. Objectives We aim to assess the clinical efficacy and safety of MOIT in children and adults with IMCMA as compared to a placebo treatment or avoidance strategy. Search methods We searched 13 databases for journal articles, conference proceedings, theses and unpublished trials, without language or date restrictions, using a combination of subject headings and text words. The search is up‐to‐date as of October 1, 2012. Selection criteria Only randomised controlled trials (RCT) were considered for inclusion. Blinded and open trial designs were included. Children and adults with IMCMA were included. MOIT administered by any protocol were included. Data collection and analysis A total of 2111 unique records were identified and screened for potential inclusion. Studies were selected, data extracted and methodological quality assessed independently by two reviewers. We attempted to contact the study investigators to inquire about data not published that was required for the analysis. Statistical heterogeneity was assessed using the I² test. We estimated a pooled risk ratio (RR) for each outcome using a Mantel‐Haenzel fixed‐effect model if statistical heterogeneity was low as evaluated by an I² value less than 50%. Main results Of 157 records reviewed, 16 were included, representing five trials. In general, the studies were small and had inconsistent methodological rigor. Overall, the quality of evidence was rated as low. Each study used a different MOIT protocol. A total of 196 patients were studied (106 MOIT, 90 control) and all were children. Three studies were blinded and two used an avoidance diet control.  Sixty‐six patients (62%) in the MOIT group were able to tolerate a full serving of milk (about 200 mL) compared to seven (8%) of the control group (RR 6.61, 95% CI 3.51 to 12.44). In addition, 27 (25%) in the MOIT group could ingest a partial serving of milk (10 to 184 mL) while none could in the control group (RR 9.34, 95% CI 2.72 to 32.09). None of the studies assessed the patients following a period off immunotherapy. Adverse reactions were common (97 of 106 MOIT patients had at least one symptom), although most were local and mild. Because of variability in reporting methods, adverse effects could not be combined quantitatively. For every 11 patients receiving MOIT, one required intramuscular epinephrine. One patient required it on two occasions. Authors' conclusions Studies to date have involved small numbers of patients and the quality of evidence is generally low. The current evidence shows that MOIT can lead to desensitization in the majority of individuals with IMCMA although the development of long‐term tolerance has not been established. A major drawback of MOIT is the frequency of adverse effects, although most are mild and self‐limited. The use of parenteral epinephrine is not infrequent. Because there are no standardized protocols, guidelines would be required prior to incorporating desensitization into clinical practice. Plain language summary Repetitive, increasing doses of daily milk for treatment of milk allergy To date, the only option to treat food allergy is strict avoidance of the food and carrying an epinephrine injector (Epipen/Twinject) in case of an allergic reaction. For a food like cow's milk, avoidance is very difficult because it is found in many foods. The constant fear of accidentally eating or drinking cow's milk and anxiety related to carrying an injector has negative effects on quality of life. Accidentally having milk can cause life‐threatening reactions. Oral immunotherapy involves initially taking a very small amount of the allergen, in the case of milk allergy, cow's milk, and slowly increasing the amount each day until a full serving is reached. This may change the way the body's immune system sees the allergen, thereby increasing the amount of milk that can be eaten or drunk with no reaction. We identified randomized controlled trials that compared oral immunotherapy to placebo or continued avoidance diet in children and adults with cow's milk allergy. Five studies satisfied our inclusion criteria. In total there were 196 participants (106 in the treatment group and 90 in the control), all of whom were children. In general, the quality of the studies was low. Because the trials involved small numbers and there were problems with the way they were done, further research is needed. The current evidence shows that oral immunotherapy can help a majority of allergic children tolerate a full serving of milk, as long as they continue drinking this amount each day. However, it is not known if this protection is continued if the immunotherapy is stopped for some time. Side effects during oral immunotherapy are frequent and most patients will have at least some mild symptoms. In the studies we included, for every 11 patients who received oral immunotherapy, one needed to be treated with epinephrine injection at some point for a serious allergic reaction to the therapy.
Injection allergen immunotherapy for asthma; Abstract - Background Allergen specific immunotherapy has long been a controversial treatment for asthma. Although beneficial effects upon clinically relevant outcomes have been demonstrated in randomised controlled trials, there remains a risk of severe and sometimes fatal anaphylaxis. The recommendations of professional bodies have ranged from cautious acceptance to outright dismissal. With increasing interest in new allergen preparations and methods of delivery, we updated the systematic review of allergen specific immunotherapy for asthma. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of allergen specific immunotherapy for asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Trials Register up to 2005, Dissertation Abstracts and Current Contents. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials using various forms of allergen specific immunotherapy to treat asthma and reporting at least one clinical outcome. Data collection and analysis Three authors independently assessed eligibility of studies for inclusion. Two authors independently performed quality assessment of studies. Main results Eighty‐eight trials were included (13 new trials). There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 pollen allergy trials; 10 animal dander allergy trials; two  Cladosporium  mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens. Concealment of allocation was assessed as clearly adequate in only 16 of these trials. Significant heterogeneity was present in a number of comparisons. Overall, there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms and medication, and improvement in bronchial hyper‐reactivity following immunotherapy. There was a significant improvement in asthma symptom scores (standardised mean difference ‐0.59, 95% confidence interval ‐0.83 to ‐0.35) and it would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one deterioration in asthma symptoms. Overall it would have been necessary to treat four patients (95% CI 3 to 6) with immunotherapy to avoid one requiring increased medication. Allergen immunotherapy significantly reduced allergen specific bronchial hyper‐reactivity, with some reduction in non‐specific bronchial hyper‐reactivity as well. There was no consistent effect on lung function. If 16 patients were treated with immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a local adverse reaction. If nine patients were treated with immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a systemic reaction (of any severity). Authors' conclusions Immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications and improves bronchial hyper‐reactivity.  One trial found that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroids. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered. Plain language summary Allergen immunotherapy for the treatment of chronic asthma Injecting allergens under the skin (allergen specific immunotherapy) can reduce asthma and use of medication and improve the sensitivity of the lungs, but with a risk of severe reactions. Asthma attacks can be caused by allergies, pollens, cigarette smoke or air pollution and can be fatal. An allergen is a substance that causes an allergic reaction in a person sensitive to it. Allergen specific immunotherapy involves having injections of increasing amounts of the allergen under the skin. It is also called hyposensitisation or desensitisation, and there is a risk of severe allergic reactions. The review of trials found that immunotherapy can reduce asthma symptoms, the need for medications and the risk of severe asthma attacks after future exposure to the allergen. It is possibly as effective as inhaled steroids. However, there is an increased risk of a lump at the injection site, rash, wheezing, breathlessness and very rarely a fatal allergic reaction.
Immunotherapy for idiopathic lumbosacral plexopathy; Abstract - Background Idiopathic lumbosacral plexopathy (ILSP), also called lumbosacral plexitis or non‐diabetic lumbosacral (radiculo)plexus neuropathy is a rare clinical entity. The core features are (sub)acute, severe, asymmetrical leg pain, followed by asymmetrical multifocal weakness and atrophy in the subsequent weeks or months. Sensory symptoms include paresthesias, hypesthesia, allodynia, and autonomic dysfunction. ILSP generally runs a monophasic and self limiting course. Recovery starts slowly over months to several years and is nearly always incomplete. Some studies suggest that the condition has an immune‐mediated etiology. Biopsies of distal cutaneous nerve segments have shown features suggestive of an inflammatory microvasculitis causing ischemic damage of the nerves. The clinical and pathological findings are similar to those found in diabetic lumbosacral plexus neuropathy and suggest that inflammation may form part of the final common pathway in both conditions. Objectives To assess the effects of any form of immunotherapy in the treatment of ILSP. Search methods On 15 October 2013, we searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and Index to Theses. We scanned conference abstracts, and searched trials databases for ongoing trials. We checked all references in the identified trials and contacted authors to identify any additional published or unpublished data. Selection criteria We intended to include all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs of any immunotherapy given within six weeks of disease onset, in participants with conditions fulfilling all the following: acute or subacute onset of pain and lower motor neuron weakness involving predominantly the proximal muscles of the lower limbs, weakness that is not confined to one nerve or nerve root distribution, electrophysiological tests showing predominantly axonal neuropathies, exclusion of other causes of lumbosacral radiculopathy and plexopathy as well as patients with plasma sugar in the diabetic range (fasting greater than 7.0 mmol/L, random greater than 11.1 mmol/L). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently examined all references retrieved by the search to select those meeting the inclusion criteria, according to standard Cochrane methodology. Main results We identified no RCTs of any immunotherapy for ILSP. Authors' conclusions There is at present no evidence from randomized trials to support any recommendation on the use of any immunotherapy treatment in ILSP. Plain language summary Immune therapy for lumbosacral plexopathy (a condition that affects the network of nerves at the base of the spine) of unknown cause Review question Do treatments that act on the immune system have effects on idiopathic lumbosacral plexopathy (ILSP)? Background ILSP is an uncommon disorder of the peripheral nerves and lumbosacral plexus that causes asymmetrical pain and weakness of the lower limbs. The lumbosacral plexus is a network of nerves near the base of the spine. This is where nerve fibres emerging from the spine as nerve roots reorganise themselves into peripheral nerves that extend into the legs. In ILSP, a process damages this nerve network, and changes in sensation can occur, such as tingling, and oversensitivity to touch. There may also be effects on the part of the nervous system that controls unconscious body functions (the autonomic nervous system). The cause or causes of ILSP are not clear, but it is thought that blood vessels become inflamed for reasons we do not yet know, and this reduces blood flow to the network of nerves. Some experts think that the reduced blood flow damages the nerves. It is possible that medication that reduces inflammation could be beneficial. Results After a wide search for high quality studies of treatment (randomized controlled trials, or similar), we found no trials in ILSP of any form of therapy that acts on the immune system or reduces inflammation. There is presently no evidence from any trial to show whether immunotherapies help people with ILSP. Database searches for this review were run on 15 October 2013.
Immunotherapy for advanced renal cell cancer; Reason for withdrawal from publication This review is being updated and replaced following the publication of a new protocol (Unverzagt S, Moldenhauer I, Coppin C, Greco F, Seliger B. Immunotherapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma [Protocol]. Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2015, Issue 4. Art. No.: CD011673. DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD011673). It will remain withdrawn when the new review is published. The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Immunotherapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Abstract - Background Since the mid‐2000s, the field of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) has experienced a paradigm shift from non‐specific therapy with broad‐acting cytokines to specific regimens, which directly target the cancer, the tumour microenvironment, or both. Current guidelines recommend targeted therapies with agents such as sunitinib, pazopanib or temsirolimus (for people with poor prognosis) as the standard of care for first‐line treatment of people with mRCC and mention non‐specific cytokines as an alternative option for selected patients. In November 2015, nivolumab, a checkpoint inhibitor directed against programmed death‐1 (PD‐1), was approved as the first specific immunotherapeutic agent as second��line therapy in previously treated mRCC patients. Objectives To assess the effects of immunotherapies either alone or in combination with standard targeted therapies for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma and their efficacy to maximize patient benefit. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Ovid), ISI Web of Science and registers of ongoing clinical trials in November 2016 without language restrictions. We scanned reference lists and contacted experts in the field to obtain further information. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs with or without blinding involving people with mRCC. Data collection and analysis We collected and analyzed studies according to the published protocol. Summary statistics for the primary endpoints were risk ratios (RRs) and mean differences (MD) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We rated the quality of evidence using GRADE methodology and summarized the quality and magnitude of relative and absolute effects for each primary outcome in our 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results We identified eight studies with 4732 eligible participants and an additional 13 ongoing studies. We categorized studies into comparisons, all against standard therapy accordingly as first‐line (five comparisons) or second‐line therapy (one comparison) for mRCC. Interferon (IFN)‐α monotherapy probably increases one‐year overall mortality compared to standard targeted therapies with temsirolimus or sunitinib (RR 1.30, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.51; 2 studies; 1166 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), may lead to similar quality of life (QoL) (e.g. MD ‐5.58 points, 95% CI ‐7.25 to ‐3.91 for Functional Assessment of Cancer ‐ General (FACT‐G); 1 study; 730 participants; low‐quality evidence) and may slightly increase the incidence of adverse events (AEs) grade 3 or greater (RR 1.17, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.32; 1 study; 408 participants; low‐quality evidence). There is probably no difference between IFN‐α plus temsirolimus and temsirolimus alone for one‐year overall mortality (RR 1.13, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.34; 1 study; 419 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), but the incidence of AEs of 3 or greater may be increased (RR 1.30, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.45; 1 study; 416 participants; low‐quality evidence). There was no information on QoL. IFN‐α alone may slightly increase one‐year overall mortality compared to IFN‐α plus bevacizumab (RR 1.17, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.36; 2 studies; 1381 participants; low‐quality evidence). This effect is probably accompanied by a lower incidence of AEs of grade 3 or greater (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.84; 2 studies; 1350 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). QoL could not be evaluated due to insufficient data. Treatment with IFN‐α plus bevacizumab or standard targeted therapy (sunitinib) may lead to similar one‐year overall mortality (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.08; 1 study; 83 participants; low‐quality evidence) and AEs of grade 3 or greater (RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.62; 1 study; 82 participants; low‐quality evidence). QoL could not be evaluated due to insufficient data. Treatment with vaccines (e.g. MVA‐5T4 or IMA901) or standard therapy may lead to similar one‐year overall mortality (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.32; low‐quality evidence) and AEs of grade 3 or greater (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.39; 2 studies; 1065 participants; low‐quality evidence). QoL could not be evaluated due to insufficient data. In previously treated patients, targeted immunotherapy (nivolumab) probably reduces one‐year overall mortality compared to standard targeted therapy with everolimus (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.87; 1 study; 821 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), probably improves QoL (e.g. RR 1.51, 95% CI 1.28 to 1.78 for clinically relevant improvement of the FACT‐Kidney Symptom Index Disease Related Symptoms (FKSI‐DRS); 1 study, 704 participants; moderate‐quality evidence) and probably reduces the incidence of AEs grade 3 or greater (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.65; 1 study; 803 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Evidence of moderate quality demonstrates that IFN‐α monotherapy increases mortality compared to standard targeted therapies alone, whereas there is no difference if IFN is combined with standard targeted therapies. Evidence of low quality demonstrates that QoL is worse with IFN alone and that severe AEs are increased with IFN alone or in combination. There is low‐quality evidence that IFN‐α alone increases mortality but moderate‐quality evidence on decreased AEs compared to IFN‐α plus bevacizumab. Low‐quality evidence shows no difference for IFN‐α plus bevacizumab compared to sunitinib with respect to mortality and severe AEs. Low‐quality evidence demonstrates no difference of vaccine treatment compared to standard targeted therapies in mortality and AEs, whereas there is moderate‐quality evidence that targeted immunotherapies reduce mortality and AEs and improve QoL. Plain language summary Immunotherapy for advanced kidney cancer Review question Kidney cancer is rarely curable once it has spread to other organs at the time of diagnosis. Targeted agents are currently considered as the standard treatment for advanced kidney cancer that has spread to other organs. This review examines clinical studies that have directly compared immunotherapies or combination therapies to current standard therapy. Background Prior to the use of the new targeted agents, drugs that boosted the immune response against the cancer in a non‐specific way (immunotherapies) were the most widely used treatment form for people with kidney cancer that had spread to other organs. Newer immunotherapeutic agents, including vaccines and so called 'checkpoint inhibitors,' have been developed to specifically target the body's immune system and enable it to recognize and attack cancer cells more specifically. In this review, we evaluated all types of immunotherapy or combination therapies by comparing it to the current standard therapy. Study characteristics A systematic search up to the end of October 2016 identified eight studies that looked at four different types of immunotherapy in 4732 people. Studies were only included if patients were randomized to a form of immunotherapy included in this review or a standard form of targeted therapy. One study was funded by a public institution whereas all the others were supported by drug companies. The study participants were generally representative of people with advanced kidney cancer. The majority of people had their kidney cancer removed before starting treatment. We compared studies of people who had previously received standard medicine (821 participants) to those of people who had not (3911 participants). All studies reported our main outcome of interest; the chance of longer survival including the survival for one year. We also focused on the frequency of severe treatment side effects, quality of life and the delay in disease worsening. Key results Interferon‐α was the most commonly used therapy option prior to the era of targeted therapies. Two studies with 1166 participants compared interferon‐α alone (monotherapy) to targeted standard therapy. Interferon‐α is probably inferior to tested targeted therapies called sunitinib and temsirolimus. Patients with interferon‐α monotherapy probably have a shorter time to worsening of cancer. They may have similar quality of life and a slightly more severe treatment side effects. Adding temsirolimus to interferon‐α probably does not improve survival compared to temsirolimus alone, but may result in more major side effects (one study). Two studies compared interferon‐α to a combination of interferon‐α and bevacizumab in 1381 previously untreated participants. There was a slightly increased death rate with probably fewer major side effects for people treated with interferon‐α alone. Two studies evaluated vaccines. Vaccines may lead to similar death rates and side effects in people with advanced kidney cancer. For patients who had already undergone systemic treatment, one study with nivolumab, a novel checkpoint inhibitor, improved average survival by more than five months when compared to the targeted standard therapy, everolimus. The effects are probably accompanied by better quality of life and fewer major side effects. Quality of the evidence We had reduced confidence in the results of the studies we analyzed (moderate‐ or low‐quality evidence) because patients and treating physicians were often not blinded to the treatment and involved relatively few patients.
Oral and sublingual immunotherapy for egg allergy; Abstract - Background Clinical egg allergy is a common food allergy. Current management relies upon strict allergen avoidance. Oral immunotherapy might be an optional treatment, through desensitization to egg allergen. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of oral and sublingual immunotherapy in children and adults with immunoglobulin E (IgE)‐mediated egg allergy as compared to a placebo treatment or an avoidance strategy. Search methods We searched 13 databases for journal articles, conference proceedings, theses and trials registers using a combination of subject headings and text words (last search 31 March 2017). Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy administered by any protocol with placebo or an elimination diet. Participants were children or adults with clinical egg allergy. Data collection and analysis We retrieved 97 studies from the electronic searches. We selected studies, extracted data and assessed the methodological quality. We attempted to contact the study investigators to obtain the unpublished data, wherever possible. We used the I² statistic to assess statistical heterogeneity. We estimated a pooled risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for each outcome using a Mantel‐Haenzel fixed‐effect model if statistical heterogeneity was low (I² value less than 50%). We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes using GRADE. Main results We included 10 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria, that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Primary outcomes were: an increased amount of egg that can be ingested and tolerated without adverse events while receiving allergen‐specific oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy, compared to control; and a complete recovery from egg allergy after completion of oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy, compared to control. Most children (82%) in the oral immunotherapy group could ingest a partial serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of control group children (RR 7.48, 95% CI 4.91 to 11.38; RD 0.73, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.80). Fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immunotherapy were able to tolerate a full serving of egg compared to 10% of the control group (RR 4.25, 95% CI 2.77 to 6.53; RD 0.35, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.43). All 10 trials reported numbers of children with serious adverse events (SAEs) and numbers of children with mild‐to‐severe adverse events. SAEs requiring epinephrine/adrenaline presented in 21/249 (8.4%) of children in the oral immunotherapy group, and none in the control group. Mild‐to‐severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild‐to‐severe adverse events during oral immunotherapy treatment versus 6.8% of the control group (RR 8.35, 95% CI 5.31 to 13.12). Of note, seven studies used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg‐containing food. Three studies used a placebo control with adverse events present in 2.6% of children. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was judged to be low due to small numbers of participants and events, and possible biases. Authors' conclusions Frequent and increasing exposure to egg over one to two years in people who are allergic to egg builds tolerance, with almost everyone becoming more tolerant compared with a minority in the control group and almost half of people being totally tolerant of egg by the end of treatment compared with 1 in 10 people who avoid egg. However, nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy‐related. We found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immunotherapy. It appears that oral immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but confidence in the trade‐off between benefits and harms is low; because there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Plain language summary Does giving daily small, steadily increasing amounts of egg protein help people with egg allergy? Background Until recently, the only practical option for people with food allergies was strict avoidance of foods to which they are allergic. It is difficult to avoid egg because it is found in many foods. Even with avoidance, the fear of accidentally eating foods with egg because of mislabelling or cross‐contamination is an ever‐present fear for even the most careful of people with food allergy. Accidentally eating egg‐containing foods can cause life‐threatening events. Oral immunotherapy is a new type of treatment for egg allergy, which is also known as oral desensitization or vaccination. Treatment involves consuming a small amount of egg protein daily, which is gradually increased over time until a full serving is reached. This method could alter the allergic response to the egg protein by the body’s immune system, increasing the amount of egg that can be eaten without inducing adverse reactions. Search date We searched up to March 2017 for this update. Study characteristics We included 10 randomized controlled trials (studies that allocate people randomly by chance to receive treatment) that compared oral immunotherapy to placebo (a fake treatment not containing egg) or an egg‐avoidance diet for people with egg allergy. The 10 studies included a total of 439 children (249 in the oral immunotherapy group (treatment containing egg) and 190 in the control group (no egg)) who were aged from 1 year to 18 years. Key results The evidence showed that treating egg allergy by giving a small, increasing amount of egg may help most children with egg allergy to tolerate a partial serving of egg, so long as they continued to consume a daily amount of egg protein. Side effects were frequent during oral immunotherapy treatment, but were usually mild‐to‐moderate. Nevertheless, 21 of 249 children treated with oral immunotherapy for egg allergy required medicine because of a serious reaction. The studies did not report information about quality of life of children and their families during oral immunotherapy treatment. Quality of the evidence The trials involved small numbers and there were problems with the way they were done, therefore further research is needed.
Mycobacterium vaccae immunotherapy for treating tuberculosis; Abstract - Background Some authorities have advocated  Mycobacterium vaccae  immunotherapy for treating tuberculosis and other infections caused by mycobacteria. Objectives To evaluate  M. vaccae  immunotherapy as an adjunct to chemotherapy in people with tuberculosis. Search methods In October 2002, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Controlled Trials Register ( The Cochrane Library  2002, Issue 3), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and reference lists of articles. We also contacted organizations and individuals working in the field. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials of inoculation with whole killed  M. vaccae  versus placebo for people with tuberculosis. Data collection and analysis Both authors assessed trial quality and extracted data. Dichotomous outcomes were analysed with risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Eight trials involving 2140 adults met the inclusion criteria.  M. vaccae  immunotherapy had no significant effect on the number of deaths (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.42; 1741 participants, 4 trials). Meta‐analysis suggested small effects on the number of people who were sputum smear negative and sputum culture negative at two months, but these apparent effects were not present in sensitivity analyses that only included adequately concealed trials. Most immunotherapy recipients experienced local adverse reactions (RR 18.82, 95% CI 5.47 to 64.77; 131 participants, 2 trials), some of which progressed to ulceration and scarring. Authors' conclusions M. vaccae  immunotherapy does not benefit people with tuberculosis. No further trials are warranted and, as a result, the authors do not intend to update this review. 23 May 2018 No update planned Intervention not in general use or been superseded M. vaccae immunotherapy does not benefit people with tuberculosis. No further trials are warranted and, as a result, the authors do not intend to update this review. Plain language summary No benefit from immunotherapy with  Mycobacterium vaccae  in people with tuberculosis Injections that aim to influence a person's immune system have been used by doctors to lessen the chance of a person developing a disease, or sometimes to reduce the damage the disease does to the body.  M. vaccae  is a type of bacterium related to the one that causes tuberculosis. Scientists have wondered if injections of this could reduce the damage done to someone when they are infected with tuberculosis, and some early trials suggested this might be true. However, this overview involving eight trials identified that the research does not show any consistent effect of this injection on death or the course of tuberculosis illness. It may be that the early trials had methodological problems that led to false optimism about this intervention.
Allergen‐specific oral immunotherapy for peanut allergy; Abstract - Background Peanut allergy is one of the most common forms of food allergy encountered in clinical practice.  In most cases, it does not spontaneously resolve; furthermore, it is frequently implicated in acute life‐threatening reactions. The current management of peanut allergy centres on meticulous avoidance of peanuts and peanut‐containing foods. Allergen‐specific oral immunotherapy (OIT) for peanut allergy aims to induce desensitisation and then tolerance to peanut, and has the potential to revolutionise the management of peanut allergy. However, at present there is still considerable uncertainty about the effectiveness and safety of this approach. Objectives To establish the effectiveness and safety of OIT in people with IgE‐mediated peanut allergy who develop symptoms after peanut ingestion. Search methods We searched in the following databases: AMED, BIOSIS, CAB, CINAHL,  The Cochrane Library , EMBASE, Global Health, Google Scholar, IndMed, ISI Web of Science, LILACS, MEDLINE, PakMediNet and TRIP. We also searched registers of on‐going and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was January 2012. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐RCTs or controlled clinical trials involving children or adults with clinical features indicative of IgE‐mediated peanut allergy treated with allergen‐specific OIT, compared with control group receiving either placebo or no treatment, were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently checked and reviewed titles and abstracts of identified studies and assessed risk of bias. The full text of potentially relevant trials was assessed. Data extraction was independently performed by two reviewers with disagreements resolved through discussion. Main results We found one small RCT, judged to be at low risk of bias, that enrolled 28 children aged 1 to 16 years with evidence of sensitisation to peanut and a clinical history of reaction to peanut within 60 minutes of exposure. The study did not include children who had moderate to severe asthma or who had a history of severe peanut anaphylaxis. Randomisation was in a 2:1 ratio resulting in 19 children being randomised to the intervention arm and nine to the placebo arm. Intervention arm children received OIT with peanut flour and control arm participants received placebo comprising of oat flour. The primary outcome was assessed using a double‐blind, placebo controlled oral food challenge (OFC) at approximately one year. No data were available on longer term outcomes beyond the OFC conducted at the end of the study. Because of adverse events, three patients withdrew from the intervention arm before the completion of the study. Therefore, only 16 participants received the full course of peanut OIT, whereas all nine patients receiving placebo completed the trial. The per‐protocol analysis found a significant increase in the threshold dose of peanut allergen required to trigger a reaction in those in the intervention arm with all 16 participants able to ingest the maximum cumulative dose of 5000 mg of peanut protein (which the authors equate as being equivalent to approximately 20 peanuts) without developing symptoms, whereas in the placebo group they were able to ingest a median cumulative dose of 280 mg (range: 0 to 1900 mg, P < 0.001) before experiencing symptoms.    Per‐protocol analyses also demonstrated that peanut OIT resulted in reductions in skin prick test size (P < 0.001), interleukin‐5 (P = 0.01), interleukin‐13 (P = 0.02) and an increase in peanut‐specific immunoglobulin G 4  (IgG 4 ) (P < 0.01). Children in the intervention arm experienced more adverse events during treatment than those in the placebo arm. In the initial day escalation phase, nine (47%) of the 19 participants initially enrolled in the OIT arm experienced clinically‐relevant adverse events which required treatment with H 1 ‐antihistamines, two of which required additional treatment with epinephrine (adrenaline). Authors' conclusions The one small RCT we found showed that allergen‐specific peanut OIT can result in desensitisation in children, and that this is associated with evidence of underlying immune‐modulation. However, this treatment approach was associated with a substantial risk of adverse events, although the majority of these were mild.  In view of the risk of adverse events and the lack of evidence of long‐term benefits, allergen‐specific peanut OIT cannot currently be recommended as a treatment for the management of patients with IgE‐mediated peanut allergy.  Larger RCTs are needed to investigate the acceptability, long‐term effectiveness and cost‐effectiveness of safer treatment regimens, particularly in relation to the induction of clinical and immunological tolerance. Plain language summary Oral immunotherapy for the treatment of peanut allergy Allergy to peanut can result in potentially life‐threatening reactions and, on occasions, death. Unlike many other forms of food allergy, allergy to peanut is typically life‐long. There is currently no cure for peanut allergy and people with this allergy must constantly be careful to avoid accidentally eating peanut or peanut‐containing foods.  If a person with a peanut allergy accidentally ingests peanut, he or she may develop serious allergic reactions necessitating emergency treatment with epinephrine (adrenaline). The overall goal of allergen‐specific oral immunotherapy (OIT) for peanut allergy is to reduce and, if possible, eliminate the risk of further reactions associated with exposure to peanuts. Most people who have reactions to peanut have an immediate type (also sometimes known as IgE‐mediated) reaction in which symptoms typically develop within minutes of exposure to peanut protein and it is for this group that allergen‐specific OIT is a potential treatment approach.  It is not considered suitable for those who experience more delayed (also sometimes known as non‐IgE mediated) reactions.  Treatment involves giving people with peanut allergy very small doses of peanut protein by mouth and gradually increasing the amount being administered (the build‐up phase). Once the desired dose has been achieved, this is followed by the patient taking the same dose of peanut every day for a set period of time (maintenance phase).  As giving doses of peanut to someone with a peanut allergy has the potential to introduce allergic reactions, participants' safety needs to be carefully monitored during studies of peanut OIT. We found one small trial undertaken in 28 children aged 1 to 16 years with confirmed peanut allergy. The study did not include children who had moderate to severe asthma or who had had severe anaphylaxis (a severe allergic reaction that may result in death) because of their peanut allergy. The authors randomised children to intervention or placebo in a 2:1 ratio. Intervention arm children received peanut flour whereas control arm participants received oat flour. The 48‐week trial showed that treatment with peanut OIT enabled children receiving OIT to substantially increase the amount of peanut flour they ate in comparison with those in the placebo arm without having an allergic reaction.  However, almost half of the children (nine out of 19) receiving OIT had an allergic reaction due to the OIT which required antihistamines, and two had more serious reactions to the treatment which required adrenaline (epinephrine).  Although promising, based on the findings of this one small trial, we cannot recommend that peanut OIT be used routinely for people with peanut allergy. There is a need for further larger studies investigating safer OIT regimens and establishing the long‐term effectiveness of OIT after treatment is stopped.
Immunotherapy (oral and sublingual) for food allergy to fruits; Abstract - Background Food allergy is an abnormal immunological response following exposure (usually ingestion) to a food. Elimination of the allergen is the principle treatment for food allergy, including allergy to fruit. Accidental ingestion of allergenic foods can result in severe anaphylactic reactions. Allergen‐specific immunotherapy (SIT) is a specific treatment, when the avoidance of allergenic foods is problematic. Recently, studies have been conducted on different types of immunotherapy for the treatment of food allergy, including oral (OIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of oral and sublingual immunotherapy in children and adults with food allergy to fruits, when compared with placebo or an elimination strategy. Search methods The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, and AMED were searched for published results along with trial registries and the Journal of Negative Results in BioMedicine for grey literature. The date of the most recent search was July 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing OIT or SLIT with placebo or an elimination diet were included. Participants were children or adults diagnosed with food allergy who presented immediate fruit reactions. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by the Cochrane Collaboration. We assessed treatment effect through risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes. Main results We identified two RCTs (N=89) eligible for inclusion. These RCTs addressed oral or sublingual immunotherapy, both in adults, with an allergy to apple or peach respectively. Both studies enrolled a small number of participants and used different methods to provide these differing types of immunotherapy. Both studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Overall, the quality of evidence was judged to be very low due to the small number of studies and participants and possible bias. The studies were clinically heterogeneous and hence we did not pool the results. A study comparing SLIT with placebo for allergy to peach did not detect a significant difference between the number of patients desensitised at six months following a double‐blind placebo‐controlled food challenge (RR 1.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.49 to 2.74). The second study, comparing OIT versus no treatment for apple allergy, found an effect on desensitisation in favour of the intervention using an oral provocation test at eight months, but results were imprecise (RR 17.50, 95% CI 1.13 to 270.19). Neither study reported data on evidence of immunologic tolerance. In both studies, the incidence of mild and moderate adverse events was higher in the intervention groups than in the controls. In the study comparing SLIT with placebo, patients in the intervention group experienced significantly more local adverse reactions than participants in the control group (RR 3.21, 95% CI 1.51 to 6.82), though there was not a significant difference in the number of participants experiencing systemic adverse reactions (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.22 to 3.02). In the study of OIT, two of the 25 participants in the intervention group reported relevant side effects, whereas no participants in the control group reported relevant side effects. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence for using OIT or SLIT to treat allergy to fruit, specifically related to peach and apple. Mild or moderate adverse reactions were reported more frequently in people receiving OIT or SLIT. However, these reactions could be treated successfully with medications. Plain language summary Oral and sublingual immunotherapy (giving people small amounts of things they are allergic to via their mouth or under their tongue) for fruit allergy Review question and background We reviewed the evidence about the effect of oral and sublingual immunotherapy in people with a food allergy to fruit. Food allergy is an abnormal response to a food, usually after eating it. The main treatment for food allergy is to avoid the food, but in people with food allergy, accidentally eating the food can cause severe reactions. Immunotherapy is a possible long‐term treatment for food allergy, including for food allergy to fruit. Immunotherapy is a process where increasing doses of the thing someone is allergic to (the allergen) are given over a period of time to help the person be less sensitive to the allergen. In oral immunotherapy, a small amount of the allergen is given to someone to eat. In sublingual immunotherapy, an extract from the allergen is put under the tongue. Study characteristics We found two studies with 89 participants in total. One looked at oral immunotherapy in people with an allergy to apple, comparing it to no treatment, and one looked at sublingual immunotherapy in people with an allergy to peach, comparing it to a placebo. Both studies were in adults. The evidence is current to July 2015. Key results The study of oral immunotherapy for apple allergy found participants who received the intervention were less sensitive to apple than people who did not receive the intervention at eight months. The study of sublingual immunotherapy for peach allergy did not find a difference between the groups in terms of sensitivity at six months. In both studies, there were more side effects in people receiving the treatment, but these were not serious. Overall, the quality of evidence is very low because both studies were small, results were not similar between studies, and there were issues with study design. More research is needed before we can tell if oral and sublingual therapy works for food allergy to fruits.
Venom immunotherapy for preventing allergic reactions to insect stings; Abstract - Background Venom immunotherapy (VIT) is commonly used for preventing further allergic reactions to insect stings in people who have had a sting reaction. The efficacy and safety of this treatment has not previously been assessed by a high‐quality systematic review. Objectives To assess the effects of immunotherapy using extracted insect venom for preventing further allergic reactions to insect stings in people who have had an allergic reaction to a sting. Search methods We searched the following databases up to February 2012: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), PsycINFO (from 1806), AMED (from 1985), LILACS (from 1982), the Armed Forces Pest Management Board Literature Retrieval System, and OpenGrey. There were no language or publication status restrictions to our searches. We searched trials databases, abstracts from recent European and North American allergy meetings, and the references of identified review articles in order to identify further relevant trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of venom immunotherapy using standardised venom extract in insect sting allergy. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction, and assessment of risk of bias. We identified adverse events from included controlled trials and from a separate analysis of observational studies identified as part of a National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence Health Technology Assessment. Main results We identified 6 randomised controlled trials and 1 quasi‐randomised controlled trial for inclusion in the review; the total number of participants was 392. The trials had some risk of bias because five of the trials did not blind outcome assessors to treatment allocation. The interventions included ant, bee, and wasp immunotherapy in children or adults with previous systemic or large local reactions to a sting, using sublingual (one trial) or subcutaneous (six trials) VIT. We found that VIT is effective for preventing systemic allergic reaction to an insect sting, which was our primary outcome measure. This applies whether the sting occurs accidentally or is given intentionally as part of a trial procedure. In the trials, 3/113 (2.7%) participants treated with VIT had a subsequent systemic allergic reaction to a sting, compared with 37/93 (39.8%) untreated participants (risk ratio [RR] 0.10, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.03 to 0.28). The efficacy of VIT was similar across studies; we were unable to identify a patient group or mode of treatment with different efficacy, although these analyses were limited by small numbers. We were unable to confirm whether VIT prevents fatal reactions to insect stings, because of the rarity of this outcome. Venom immunotherapy was also effective for preventing large local reactions to a sting (5 studies; 112 follow‐up stings; RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.24 to 0.69) and for improving quality of life (mean difference [MD] in favour of VIT 1.21 points on a 7‐point scale, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.67). We found a significant risk of systemic adverse reaction to VIT treatment: 6 trials reported this outcome, in which 14 of 150 (9.3%) participants treated with VIT and 1 of 135 (0.7%) participants treated with placebo or no treatment suffered a systemic reaction to treatment (RR 8.16, 95% CI 1.53 to 43.46; 2 studies contributed to the effect estimate). Our analysis of 11 observational studies found systemic adverse reactions occurred in 131/921 (14.2%) participants treated with bee venom VIT and 8/289 (2.8%) treated with wasp venom VIT. Authors' conclusions We found venom immunotherapy using extracted insect venom to be an effective therapy for preventing further allergic reactions to insect stings, which can improve quality of life. The treatment carries a small but significant risk of systemic adverse reaction. Plain language summary Immunotherapy for preventing allergic reactions to insect stings At least 1 in 200 people have suffered a severe allergic reaction to a sting from a bee, wasp, or ant, and insect stings are the second most common cause of fatal allergic reactions in some countries. Treatment with insect venom, usually given by a course of injections (called venom immunotherapy), is thought to reduce the risk of allergic reactions to an insect sting. In this review, we evaluated the effectiveness of venom immunotherapy for preventing allergic reactions to insect stings. From analysis of 7 studies, which included 392 participants, we found that this treatment reduces the chance of having a serious allergic reaction to an insect sting by 90%, a consistent finding between studies. Venom immunotherapy also significantly improves the quality of life of people who have had a serious allergic reaction to an insect sting by reducing anxiety and possible limitation of activities caused by fear of insects. However, almost 1 in 10 people treated with venom immunotherapy during the trials had an allergic reaction to their treatment. We were unable to find out whether venom immunotherapy prevents fatal allergic reactions to insect stings, because these are so rare. The decision whether to start venom immunotherapy depends on an accurate diagnosis, followed by careful assessment of a person's risk of having another allergic reaction to a sting, the degree to which the insect sting allergy affects their quality of life, and the risk of an allergic reaction to their treatment.
Treatment for Fisher syndrome, Bickerstaff's brainstem encephalitis and related disorders; Abstract - Background Fisher syndrome is one of the regional variants of Guillain‐Barré syndrome, characterised by impairment of eye movements (ophthalmoplegia), incoordination (ataxia) and loss of tendon reflexes (areflexia). It can occur in more limited forms, and may overlap with Guillain‐Barré syndrome. A further variant is associated with upper motor neuron signs and disturbance of consciousness (Bickerstaff's brainstem encephalitis). All of these variants are associated with anti‐GQ1b IgG antibodies. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) and plasma exchange are often used as treatments in this patient group. This review was undertaken to systematically assess any available randomised controlled data on acute immunomodulatory therapies in Fisher Syndrome or its variants. Objectives To provide the best available evidence from randomised controlled trials on the role of acute immunomodulatory therapy in the treatment of Fisher Syndrome and related disorders. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Trials Specialized Register (February 2009), MEDLINE (January 1966 to February 2009), EMBASE (January 1980 to February 2009), CINAHL (January 1982 to February 2009) and LILACS (January 1982 to February 2009) for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria All randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled clinical trials (in which allocation was not random but was intended to be unbiased, e.g. alternate allocation, and non‐randomised controlled studies were to have been selected. Since no such clinical trials were discovered, all retrospective case series containing five or more patients were assessed and summarised in the discussion section. Data collection and analysis All studies of Fisher Syndrome and its clinical variants were scrutinised for data on patients treated with any form of acute immunotherapy. Information on the outcome was then collated and summarised. Main results We found no randomised or non‐randomised prospective controlled trials of immunotherapy in Fisher Syndrome or related disorders. We summarised the results of retrospective series containing five or more patients in the discussion section. Authors' conclusions There are no randomised controlled trials of immunomodulatory therapy in Fisher Syndrome or related disorders on which to base practice. Plain language summary Treatment for Fisher syndrome, Bickerstaff's brain stem encephalitis and related disorders Fisher syndrome is an uncommon paralysing illness, usually caused by autoimmune inflammation of nerves following an infection. Fisher syndrome is characterised by impairment of eye movements, abnormal co‐ordination and loss of tendon reflexes. It is a variant of Guillain‐Barré syndrome. Unlike Guillain‐Barré syndrome, it does not cause limb or respiratory muscle weakness. In Western countries Fisher syndrome represents between 5% and 10% of Guillain‐Barré syndrome cases, but it is more common in Eastern Asia, for example 25% of cases in Japan. Bickerstaff's brain stem encephalitis shares many clinical features but also includes altered consciousness and signs of central nervous system inflammation. Treatment strategies tried have been immunotherapies such as plasma exchange or intravenous immunoglobulin which are used in Guillain‐Barré syndrome. This systematic review found no randomised controlled trials of treatments for Fisher syndrome, Bickerstaff's brain stem encephalitis or their variants. Observational studies suggest that Fisher syndrome always and Bickerstaff's brain stem encephalitis usually recovers completely. Randomised controlled trials are needed to establish the value of immunotherapies or other treatments.
Interventions for the treatment of oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancers: surgical treatment; Abstract - Background Surgery is a common treatment option in oral cavity cancer (and less frequently in oropharyngeal cancer) to remove the primary tumour and sometimes neck lymph nodes. People with early‐stage disease may undergo surgery alone or surgery plus radiotherapy, chemotherapy, immunotherapy/biotherapy, or a combination of these. Timing and extent of surgery varies. This is the third update of a review originally published in 2007. Objectives To evaluate the relative benefits and harms of different surgical treatment modalities for oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancers. Search methods We used standard, extensive Cochrane search methods. The latest search date was 9 February 2022. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared two or more surgical treatment modalities, or surgery versus other treatment modalities, for primary tumours of the oral cavity or oropharynx. Data collection and analysis Our primary outcomes were overall survival, disease‐free survival, locoregional recurrence, and recurrence; and our secondary outcomes were adverse effects of treatment, quality of life, direct and indirect costs to patients and health services, and participant satisfaction. We used standard Cochrane methods. We reported survival data as hazard ratios (HRs). For overall survival, we reported the HR of mortality, and for disease‐free survival, we reported the combined HR of new disease, progression, and mortality; therefore, HRs below 1 indicated improvement in these outcomes. We used GRADE to assess certainty of evidence for each outcome. Main results We identified four new trials, bringing the total number of included trials to 15 (2820 participants randomised, 2583 participants analysed). For objective outcomes, we assessed four trials at high risk of bias, three at low risk, and eight at unclear risk. The trials evaluated nine comparisons; none compared different surgical approaches for excision of the primary tumour. Five trials evaluated elective neck dissection (ND) versus therapeutic (delayed) ND in people with oral cavity cancer and clinically negative neck nodes. Elective ND compared with therapeutic ND probably improves overall survival (HR 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 0.83; I 2  = 0%; 4 trials, 883 participants; moderate certainty) and disease‐free survival (HR 0.56, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.70; I 2  = 12%; 5 trials, 954 participants; moderate certainty), and probably reduces locoregional recurrence (HR 0.58, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.78; I 2  = 0%; 4 trials, 458 participants; moderate certainty) and recurrence (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.70; I 2  = 0%; 3 trials, 633 participants; moderate certainty). Elective ND is probably associated with more adverse events (risk ratio (RR) 1.31, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.54; I 2  = 0%; 2 trials, 746 participants; moderate certainty). Two trials evaluated elective radical ND versus elective selective ND in people with oral cavity cancer, but we were unable to pool the data as the trials used different surgical procedures. Neither study found evidence of a difference in overall survival (pooled measure not estimable; very low certainty). We are unsure if there is a difference in effect on disease‐free survival (HR 0.57, 95% CI 0.29 to 1.11; 1 trial, 104 participants; very low certainty) or recurrence (RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.63 to 2.33; 1 trial, 143 participants; very low certainty). There may be no difference between the interventions in terms of adverse events (1 trial, 148 participants; low certainty). Two trials evaluated superselective ND versus selective ND, but we were unable to use the data. One trial evaluated supraomohyoid ND versus modified radical ND in 332 participants. We were unable to use any of the primary outcome data. The evidence on adverse events was very uncertain, with more complications, pain, and poorer shoulder function in the modified radical ND group. One trial evaluated sentinel node biopsy versus elective ND in 279 participants. There may be little or no difference between the interventions in overall survival (HR 1.00, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.11; low certainty), disease‐free survival (HR 0.98, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.07; low certainty), or locoregional recurrence (HR 1.04, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.19; low certainty). The trial provided no usable data for recurrence, and reported no adverse events (very low certainty). One trial evaluated positron emission tomography‐computed tomography (PET‐CT) following chemoradiotherapy (with ND only if no or incomplete response) versus planned ND (before or after chemoradiotherapy) in 564 participants. There is probably no difference between the interventions in overall survival (HR 0.92, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.31; moderate certainty) or locoregional recurrence (HR 1.00, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.06; moderate certainty). One trial evaluated surgery plus radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone and provided very low‐certainty evidence of better overall survival in the surgery plus radiotherapy group (HR 0.24, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.59; 35 participants). The data were unreliable because the trial stopped early and had multiple protocol violations. In terms of adverse events, subcutaneous fibrosis was more frequent in the surgery plus radiotherapy group, but there were no differences in other adverse events (very low certainty). One trial evaluated surgery versus radiotherapy alone for oropharyngeal cancer in 68 participants. There may be little or no difference between the interventions for overall survival (HR 0.83, 95% CI 0.09 to 7.46; low certainty) or disease‐free survival (HR 1.07, 95% CI 0.27 to 4.22; low certainty). For adverse events, there were too many outcomes to draw reliable conclusions. One trial evaluated surgery plus adjuvant radiotherapy versus chemotherapy. We were unable to use the data for any of the outcomes reported (very low certainty). Authors' conclusions We found moderate‐certainty evidence based on five trials that elective neck dissection of clinically negative neck nodes at the time of removal of the primary oral cavity tumour is superior to therapeutic neck dissection, with increased survival and disease‐free survival, and reduced locoregional recurrence. There was moderate‐certainty evidence from one trial of no difference between positron emission tomography (PET‐CT) following chemoradiotherapy versus planned neck dissection in terms of overall survival or locoregional recurrence. The evidence for each of the other seven comparisons came from only one or two studies and was assessed as low or very low‐certainty. Plain language summary Surgical treatments for oral cavity (mouth) and oropharyngeal (throat) cancers Key messages • In people with mouth cancer, elective removal of neck lymph nodes at the same time as primary tumour removal, compared with the removal of neck lymph nodes only when they become cancerous, probably increases survival and reduces recurrence, but may increase the risk of unwanted effects. • Future studies of surgical treatment of mouth and throat cancers should report findings according to primary tumour location and measure quality of life and illness or disability associated with treatment. What is the background to the review? Oral cavity (mouth) and oropharyngeal (throat) cancers are becoming more common and are very difficult to cure. Treatment can involve surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or a combination of these. For people with mouth cancer, the removal of the lymph nodes (small glands that filter cancer cells and other foreign substances) is sometimes part of the treatment; this is known as neck dissection. Surgeons sometimes remove lymph nodes that appear cancer free while removing the original tumour (elective neck dissection). Other surgeons adopt a 'watch and wait' approach, removing lymph nodes when they become cancerous. The type of dissection can be radical neck dissection, where all the lymph nodes are removed, or selective neck dissection, where only diseased nodes are removed. One way to determine whether the lymph node is diseased is to perform a lymph node biopsy. What did we want to find out? We wanted to know which surgical treatments are most likely to result in people with mouth and throat cancers living longer (overall survival), living longer without symptoms (disease‐free survival), and not having the cancer come back at the same site (locoregional recurrence) or spread to other sites (recurrence). We also wanted to know if the different treatments have unwanted effects. What did we do? We searched for studies that randomly allocated people with mouth or throat cancer to different types of surgical treatment. We summarised the characteristics and findings of relevant studies and assessed our confidence in the results. What did we find? We included 15 studies (four new studies in this update) that evaluated nine comparisons of different treatments. No studies compared different approaches to cutting out the original (primary) tumour. The studies involved 2820 participants. Main results Five studies evaluated removal of the primary tumour, comparing elective neck dissection with the 'watch and wait approach' in people with mouth cancer. The results show that elective neck dissection probably leads to longer overall and disease‐free survival and less locoregional recurrence, but more unwanted effects. Two studies compared radical neck dissection versus selective neck dissection in people with mouth cancer. It is unclear which treatment provides better outcomes. Two trials evaluated a more limited neck dissection (superselective) versus selective neck dissection; we were unable to use the data reported. One study compared a more selective neck dissection (supraomohyoid) and a modified radical neck dissection. We were unable to use the data reported. The modified radical neck dissection group had more complications, more pain, and poorer shoulder function, but we are very uncertain about the results. In one study, all the people in one group had a lymph node biopsy and only had neck lymph nodes removed if the biopsy was positive, while all people in the other group had neck lymph nodes removed without a biopsy. There may be no difference between these two approaches in terms of overall survival, disease‐free survival, and locoregional recurrence. No unwanted effects were reported. One study evaluated using a special scan (positron emission tomography‐computed tomography (PET‐CT)) after combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy to guide decisions about neck dissection, versus a planned neck dissection before or after chemoradiotherapy. There is probably no difference between these approaches in terms of overall survival or locoregional recurrence. There may be no difference in unwanted effects, but we are very uncertain about the results. One trial suggested that surgery plus radiotherapy may result in better overall survival than radiotherapy alone, but we are very uncertain about the results. Surgery may result in more thickened scar tissue. There may be no difference with regard to other unwanted effects. One study compared surgery versus radiotherapy in people with throat cancer. There may be no difference in overall survival, disease‐free survival, or unwanted effects, but we are very uncertain about the results. One study compared surgery followed by radiotherapy versus chemotherapy. People receiving surgery and radiotherapy may live longer without symptoms, but we are very uncertain about the results. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are moderately confident that elective neck dissection at the same time as removal of the main tumour improves survival and reduces recurrence. Not all studies provided information about everything that we were interested in. We are moderately confident that PET‐CT does not improve survival or reduce recurrence. There are too few studies to be certain about the results. We have little confidence in results from other comparisons due to too few studies and limited information within them. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current to 9 February 2022.
Adjuvant Therapy for completely resected Stage II Colon Cancer; Abstract - Background : Colon cancer is potentially curable by surgery. Although adjuvant chemotherapy benefits patients with stage III disease, there is uncertainty of such benefit in stage II colon cancer. A systematic review of the literature was performed to better define the potential benefits of adjuvant therapy for patients with stage II colon cancer. Objectives : To determine the effects of adjuvant therapy on overall survival and disease‐free survival in patients with stage II colon cancer. Search methods : Ovid MEDLINE(R) (1986‐2007), EMBASE (1980‐2007), and EBM Reviews ‐ Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( to 2007) were searched using the medical headings "colonic neoplasms", "colorectal neoplasms", "adjuvant chemotherapy", "adjuvant radiotherapy" and "immunotherapy", and the text words "colon cancer" and "colonic neoplasms". In addition, proceedings from the annual meetings of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and the European Society of Medical Oncology (1996 to 2004) as well as personal files were searched for additional information. Selection criteria : Randomized trials or meta‐analyses containing data on stage II colon cancer patients undergoing adjuvant therapy versus surgery alone. Data collection and analysis : Three reviewers summarized the results of selected studies. The main outcomes of interest were overall and disease‐free survival, however, data on toxicity and treatment delivery were also recorded. Main results : With regards to the effect of adjuvant therapy on stage II colon cancer, the pooled relative risk ratio for overall survival was 0.96 (95% confidence interval 0.88, 1.05). With regards to disease‐free survival, the pooled relative risk ratio was 0.83 (95% confidence interval 0.75, 0.92). Authors' conclusions : Although there was no improvement in overall survival in the pooled analysis, we did find that disease‐free survival in patients with stage II colon cancer was signficantly better with the use of adjuvant therapy. It seems reasonable to discuss the benefits of adjuvant systemic chemotherapy with those stage II patients who have high risk features, including obstruction, perforation, inadequate lymph node sampling or T4 disease. The co‐morbidities and likelihood of tolerating adjuvant systemic chemotherapy should be considered as well. There exists a need to further define which high‐risk features in stage II colon cancer patients should be used to select patients for adjuvant therapy. Also, researchers must continue to search for other therapies which might be more effective, shorter in duration and less toxic than those available today. Plain language summary Adjuvant therapy for completely resected stage II colon cancer Colon cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths in the Western world. A large proportion of colon cancer patients can be cured by surgical resection alone. For those patients with lymph node positive (stage III) disease, the recurrence rate can exceed 50% and adjuvant chemotherapy has been shown to significantly reduce the risk of recurrence. In patients without lymph node involvement (stage I and II), the prognosis is quite good with surgery alone, with survival rates of 75% to 95% at 5 years. However, some patients with high risk stage II disease have a relapse rate approaching that of stage III colon cancer patients. Due to the effectiveness of systemic chemotherapy in stage III disease, a similar approach has been considered for patients with stage II disease. We performed a systematic review looking at all randomized clinical trials evaluating stage II colon cancer patients and adjuvant therapy versus surgery alone. Our review found that adjuvant therapy ‐either systemic or regional chemotherapy or immunotherapy‐ can improve the outcomes of stage II patients. In counselling individual patients, the advice given should be conditioned by the patient's age and comorbidities. In addition, the high risk features of the tumour should also be considered when contemplating the benefits of systemic therapy in patients with stage II colon cancer. Further investigation is needed to elucidate which patient and tumour factors can be used to select stage II colon cancer patients for adjuvant therapy. There also exists a need to continue to search for other adjuvant therapies which might be more effective, shorter in duration and less toxic than those available today.
Best first‐line therapy for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer, performance status 2 without a targetable mutation or with an unknown mutation status; Abstract - Background Most people who are newly diagnosed with non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have advanced disease. For these people, survival is determined by various patient‐ and tumor‐related factors, of which the performance status (PS) is the most important prognostic factor. People with PS 0 or 1 are usually treated with systemic therapies, whereas people with PS 3 or 4 most often receive supportive care. However, treatment for people with PS 2 without a targetable mutation remains unclear. Historically, people with a PS 2 cancer are frequently excluded from (important) clinical trials because of poorer outcomes and increased toxicity. We aim to address this knowledge gap, as this group of people represents a significant proportion (20% to 30%) of the total population with newly diagnosed lung cancer. Objectives To identify the best first‐line therapy for advanced lung cancer in people with performance status 2 without a targetable mutation or with an unknown mutation status. Search methods We used standard, extensive Cochrane search methods. The latest search date was 17 June 2022. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different chemotherapy (with or without angiogenesis inhibitor) or immunotherapy regimens, specifically designed for people with PS 2 only or studies including a subgroup of these people. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were 1. overall survival (OS), 2. health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), and 3. toxicity/adverse events. Our secondary outcomes were 4. tumor response rate, 5. progression‐free survival, and 6. survival rates at six and 12 months' treatment. We used GRADE to assess certainty of evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 22 trials in this review and identified one ongoing trial. Twenty studies compared chemotherapy with different regimens, of which 11 compared non‐platinum therapy (monotherapy or doublet) versus platinum doublet. We found no studies comparing best supportive care with chemotherapy and only two abstracts analyzing chemotherapy versus immunotherapy. We found that platinum doublet therapy showed superior OS compared to non‐platinum therapy (hazard ratio [HR] 0.67, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.57 to 0.78; 7 trials, 697 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There were no differences in six‐month survival rates (risk ratio [RR] 1.00, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.41; 6 trials, 632 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), whereas 12‐month survival rates were improved for treatment with platinum doublet therapy (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.87 to 0.97; 11 trials, 1567 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). PFS and tumor response rate were also better for people treated with platinum doublet therapy, with moderate‐certainty evidence (PFS: HR 0.57, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.77; 5 trials, 487 participants; tumor response rate: RR 2.25, 95% CI 1.67 to 3.05; 9 trials, 964 participants). When analyzing toxicity rates, we found that platinum doublet therapy increased grade 3 to 5 hematologic toxicities, all with low‐certainty evidence (anemia: RR 1.98, 95% CI 1.00 to 3.92; neutropenia: RR 2.75, 95% CI 1.30 to 5.82; thrombocytopenia: RR 3.96, 95% CI 1.73 to 9.06; all 8 trials, 935 participants). Only four trials reported HRQoL data; however, the methodology was different per trial and we were unable to perform a meta‐analysis. Although evidence is limited, there were no differences in 12‐month survival rates or tumor response rates between carboplatin and cisplatin regimens. With an indirect comparison, carboplatin seemed to have better 12‐month survival rates than cisplatin compared to non‐platinum therapy. The assessment of the efficacy of immunotherapy in people with PS 2 was limited. There might be a place for single‐agent immunotherapy, but the data provided by the included studies did not encourage the use of double‐agent immunotherapy. Authors' conclusions This review showed that as a first‐line treatment for people with PS 2 with advanced NSCLC, platinum doublet therapy seems to be preferred over non‐platinum therapy, with a higher response rate, PFS, and OS. Although the risk for grade 3 to 5 hematologic toxicity is higher, these events are often relatively mild and easy to treat. Since trials using checkpoint inhibitors in people with PS 2 are scarce, we identified an important knowledge gap regarding their role in people with advanced NSCLC and PS 2. Plain language summary Best therapy for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer who have not been treated without a targetable mutation and moderately impaired performance status Key messages – The preferred chemotherapy for people with moderately impaired performance status (PS) with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and that have never received any treatment before should contain two medicines, one of which is a platinum‐based medicine. – Although the risk for bone marrow damage is higher with a platinum‐based medicine, these events are often relatively mild and easy to treat. – We were unable to assess the effects of immunotherapy on moderately impaired people. What is non‐small cell lung cancer? Lung cancer is the most frequent cause of cancer‐related death worldwide and NSCLC is the most common subtype. At the time of diagnosis, the disease has already spread in more than half of all cases. In the tumors of a minority of people diagnosed with NSCLC that has spread to other parts of the body specific mutations can be found, which are treated distinct from the majority of people without such mutations. How can non‐small cell lung cancer be treated? NSCLC can only be treated with life‐prolonging medicines such as chemotherapy (a medicine used to destroy cancer cells) or immunotherapy (a medicine that boosts the person's immune system and helps the body find and destroy cancer cells). Selecting the best treatment depends on the health condition of the person. That condition is determined using a scale from 0 (no symptoms) to 5 (dead). There is no discussion on the treatment of relatively fit people (scoring 0 or 1), as they often tolerate these treatments relatively well. People with a low health condition (scoring 3 or 4) receive only supportive care in most cases. However, although representing 20% to 30% of all people, the best treatment for moderately impaired people (PS 2) is not clear, as they often do not participate in trials. What did we want to find out? Our objective was to investigate the best therapy for people with advanced NSCLC without a specific mutation with PS 2. What did we do? We searched medical databases for clinical trials comparing treatments for advanced NSCLC with best supportive care or other treatments. What did we find? We found 22 trials; 20 compared different types of chemotherapy and two compared chemotherapy versus immunotherapy. Main results People treated with chemotherapy regimens using two medicines, including a platinum‐based medicine, had longer survival than people treated with chemotherapies without a platinum‐based medicine. However, these people did have more side effects, especially with a negative influence on the bone marrow (matter found in the center of bones), resulting in a temporary lack of red and white blood cells, and platelets. The few studies that analyzed health‐related quality of life all used different methods of measurement. We found no difference in quality of life when we looked at those studies individually. We found two partly published trials studying immunotherapy, which found no survival benefit compared to chemotherapy. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are moderately confident in our results that chemotherapies with a platinum‐based medicine increases survival. We are also moderately confident in the evidence evaluating the time to progression of disease because in all included studies, both investigators and trial participants were fully aware of which treatment the participants received. This might lead to substantial bias. In addition, we have little confidence in the evidence regarding toxicities because the evidence is based on a small number of studies with conflicting outcomes. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to 17 June 2022.
Immunotherapy for IgM anti‐myelin‐associated glycoprotein paraprotein‐associated peripheral neuropathies; Abstract - Background Serum monoclonal anti‐myelin‐associated glycoprotein (anti‐MAG) antibodies may be pathogenic in some people with immunoglobulin M (IgM) paraprotein and demyelinating neuropathy. Immunotherapies aimed at reducing the level of these antibodies might be expected to be beneficial. This is an update of a review first published in 2003 and previously updated in 2006 and 2012. Objectives To assess the effects of immunotherapy for IgM anti‐MAG paraprotein‐associated demyelinating peripheral neuropathy. Search methods On 1 February 2016 we searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, and Embase for randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We also checked trials registers and bibliographies, and contacted authors and experts in the field. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs involving participants of any age treated with any type of immunotherapy for anti‐MAG antibody‐associated demyelinating peripheral neuropathy with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance and of any severity. Our primary outcome measures were numbers of participants improved in disability assessed with either or both of the Neuropathy Impairment Scale (NIS) or the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) at six months after randomisation. Secondary outcome measures were: mean improvement in disability, assessed with either the NIS or the mRS, 12 months after randomisation; change in impairment as measured by improvement in the 10‐metre walk time, change in a validated linear disability measure such as the Rasch‐built Overall Disability Scale (R‐ODS) at six and 12 months after randomisation, change in subjective clinical scores and electrophysiological parameters at six and 12 months after randomisation; change in serum IgM paraprotein concentration or anti‐MAG antibody titre at six months after randomisation; and adverse effects of treatments. Data collection and analysis We followed standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We identified eight eligible trials (236 participants), which tested intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg), interferon alfa‐2a, plasma exchange, cyclophosphamide and steroids, and rituximab. Two trials of IVIg (22 and 11 participants, including 20 with antibodies against MAG), had comparable interventions and outcomes, but both were short‐term trials. We also included two trials of rituximab with comparable interventions and outcomes. There were very few clinical or statistically significant benefits of the treatments used on the outcomes predefined for this review, but not all the predefined outcomes were used in every included trial and more responsive outcomes are being developed. A well‐performed trial of IVIg, which was at low risk of bias, showed a statistical benefit in terms of improvement in mRS at two weeks and 10‐metre walk time at four weeks, but these short‐term outcomes are of questionable clinical significance. Cyclophosphamide failed to show any benefit in the single trial's primary outcome, and showed a barely significant benefit in the primary outcome specified here, but some toxic adverse events were identified. Two trials of rituximab (80 participants) have been published, one of which (26 participants) was at high risk of bias. In the meta‐analysis, although the data are of low quality, rituximab is beneficial in improving disability scales (Inflammatory Neuropathy Cause and Treatment (INCAT) improved at eight to 12 months (risk ratio (RR) 3.51, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.30 to 9.45; 73 participants)) and significantly more participants improve in the global impression of change score (RR 1.86, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.71; 70 participants). Other measures did not improve significantly, but wide CIs do not preclude some effect. Reported adverse effects of rituximab were few, and mostly minor. There were few serious adverse events in the other trials. Authors' conclusions There is inadequate reliable evidence from trials of immunotherapies in anti‐MAG paraproteinaemic neuropathy to form an evidence base supporting any particular immunotherapy treatment. IVIg has a statistically but probably not clinically significant benefit in the short term. The meta‐analysis of two trials of rituximab provides, however, low‐quality evidence of a benefit from this agent. The conclusions of this meta‐analysis await confirmation, as one of the two included studies is of very low quality. We require large well‐designed randomised trials of at least 12 months' duration to assess existing or novel therapies, preferably employing unified, consistent, well‐designed, responsive, and valid outcome measures. Plain language summary Immune treatments for peripheral neuropathy caused by an IgM paraprotein antibody, which may bind to MAG, a protein on the myelin sheath of nerves Review question What are the benefits and harms of immune treatments for peripheral neuropathy caused by an IgM paraprotein antibody that may bind to myelin‐associated glycoprotein (MAG)? Background There are several types of antibodies in the human body. They are more or less specifically adapted to recognise a target, usually a 'foreign' protein such as a bit of a bacterium, virus or tumour. In some people too much of one type of antibody is made, called a paraprotein. Some of these paraproteins are of the IgM class (IgM antibodies are usually an 'early attack force' type of antibody). Some of these antibodies may react against myelin‐associated glycoprotein, also known as MAG. MAG is a molecule on the insulating myelin sheath of nerves. The antibody probably results in damage to the nerve myelin to which it is bound and thus causes a specific type of damage to the nerves, known as a peripheral neuropathy. Anti‐MAG paraprotein‐associated peripheral neuropathy is a condition affecting more men than women, most commonly over the age of 60 years. It causes progressive sensory symptoms, unsteadiness and tremor, and sometimes some weakness of the feet and lower legs. Treatments that act on the immune system such as plasma exchange (which removes circulating antibodies and replaces blood plasma with a clean plasma substitute), intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg; antibodies that have been purified from donated blood), rituximab (which kills some of the cells that produce the antibody), corticosteroids, or anticancer drugs might be expected to reduce levels of these neuropathy‐causing IgM antibodies and slow or prevent progression of the disease. Study characteristics Many of these therapies have been tried in non‐randomised studies, but we found only eight small randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 236 participants, that met our criteria for inclusion. Results and quality of the evidence Two trials with 22 and 11 participants (20 with antibodies against MAG) suggest that IVIg may sometimes produce short‐term measurable benefit and is relatively safe, but the benefit is of doubtful clinical significance. No severe adverse effects related to IVIg were reported in these trials. A trial of cyclophosphamide and corticosteroids showed some mild benefit. Two trials of rituximab demonstrated a positive benefit of rituximab, but this evidence was of low quality because of small numbers of participants and concerns about the design of one of the two studies. Reported adverse effects of rituximab were few, and mostly minor. Other trials did not allow us to draw conclusions about the efficacy of other agents and reported few serious adverse events. We need large, well‐designed RCTs to assess the efficacy of the existing and new therapies, and better ways for doctors and researchers to detect changes that people report in response to treatments. The evidence is up to date to February 2016.
Interventions for the treatment of oral and oropharyngeal cancers: targeted therapy and immunotherapy; Abstract - Background Oral cancers are the sixth most common cancer worldwide, yet the prognosis following a diagnosis of oral cavity or oropharyngeal cancers remains poor, with approximately 50% survival at five years. Despite a sharp increase in research into molecularly targeted therapies and a rapid expansion in the number of clinical trials assessing new targeted therapies, their value for treating oral cancers is unclear. Therefore, it is important to summarise the evidence to determine the efficacy and toxicity of targeted therapies and immunotherapies for the treatment of these cancers. Objectives To assess the effects of molecularly targeted therapies and immunotherapies, in addition to standard therapies, for the treatment of oral cavity or oropharyngeal cancers. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: Cochrane Oral Health Group Trials Register (to 3 February 2015), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library , 2015, Issue 1), MEDLINE via Ovid (1946 to 3 February 2015) and EMBASE via Ovid (1980 to 3 February 2015). We searched the US National Institutes of Health Trials Register ( clinicaltrials.gov ), the World Health Organization Clinical Trials Registry Platform, the American Society of Clinical Oncology conference abstracts and the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group clinical trials protocols for ongoing trials. We placed no restrictions on the language or date of publication. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials where more than 50% of participants had primary tumours of the oral cavity or oropharynx, and which compared targeted therapy or immunotherapy, plus standard therapy, with standard therapy alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the results of the electronic searches, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. We attempted to contact study authors for missing data or clarification where necessary. We combined sufficiently similar studies in meta‐analyses using random‐effects models when there were at least four studies and fixed‐effect models when fewer than four studies. We obtained or calculated a hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for the primary outcomes where possible. For dichotomous outcomes, we reported risk ratios (RR) and 95% CIs. Main results Twelve trials (2488 participants) satisfied the inclusion criteria. In the included trials, 12% of participants (298 participants) had tumours of the oral cavity and 59% (1468 participants) had oropharyngeal tumours. The remaining 29% had tumours of the larynx or hypopharynx and less than 1% had tumours at other sites. No included trial was at low risk of bias; seven had an unclear risk of bias, and five had a high risk of bias. We grouped trials by intervention type into three main comparisons: standard therapy plus epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody (EGFR mAb) therapy (follow‐up period 24 to 70 months); standard therapy plus tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) (follow‐up period 40 to 60 months) and standard therapy plus immunotherapy (follow‐up period 24 to 70 months), all versus standard therapy alone. Moderate quality evidence showed that EGFR mAb therapy may result in 18% fewer deaths when added to standard therapy (HR of mortality 0.82; 95% CI 0.69 to 0.97; 1421 participants, three studies, 67% oropharyngeal tumours, 2% oral cavity tumours). There was also moderate quality evidence that EGFR mAb may result in 32% fewer locoregional failures when added to radiotherapy (RT) (HR 0.68; 95% CI 0.52 to 0.89; 424 participants, one study, 60% oropharyngeal tumours). A subgroup analysis separating studies by type of standard therapy (radiotherapy (RT) or chemoradiotherapy (CRT)) showed some evidence that adding EGFR mAb therapy to RT may result in a 30% reduction in the number of people whose disease progresses (HR 0.70; 95% CI 0.54 to 0.91; 424 participants, one study, 60% oropharyngeal tumours, unclear risk of bias). For the subgroup comparing EGFR mAb plus CRT with CRT alone there was insufficient evidence to determine whether adding EGFR mAb therapy to CRT impacts on progression‐free survival (HR 1.08; 95% CI 0.89 to 1.32; 891 participants, one study, 70% oropharyngeal tumours, high risk of bias). The high subgroup heterogeneity meant that we were unable to pool these subgroups. There was evidence that adding cetuximab to standard therapy may result in increased skin toxicity and rash (RR 6.56; 95% CI 5.35 to 8.03; 1311 participants, two studies), but insufficient evidence to determine any difference in skin toxicity and rash in the case of nimotuzumab (RR 1.06; 95% CI 0.85 to 1.31; 92 participants, one study). There was insufficient evidence to determine whether TKIs added to standard therapy impacts on overall survival (HR 0.99; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.57; 271 participants, two studies; very low quality evidence), locoregional control (HR 0.89; 95% CI 0.53 to 1.49; 271 participants, two studies; very low quality evidence), disease‐free survival (HR 1.51; 95% CI 0.61 to 3.71; 60 participants, one study; very low quality evidence) or progression‐free survival (HR 0.80; 95% CI 0.51 to 1.28; 271 participants, two studies; very low quality evidence). We did find evidence of an increase in skin rash (erlotinib: RR 6.57; 95% CI 3.60 to 12.00; 191 participants, one study; lapatinib: RR 2.02; 95% CI 1.23 to 3.32; 67 participants, one study) and gastrointestinal complaints (lapatinib: RR 15.53; 95% CI 2.18 to 110.55; 67 participants, one study). We found very low quality evidence from one small trial that adding recombinant interleukin (rIL‐2) to surgery may increase overall survival (HR 0.52; 95% CI 0.31 to 0.87; 201 participants, 62% oral cavity tumours, 38% oropharyngeal tumours) and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether rIL‐2 impacts on adverse effects. Authors' conclusions We found some evidence that adding EGFR mAb to standard therapy may increase overall survival, progression‐free survival and locoregional control, while resulting in an increase in skin toxicity for some mAb (cetuximab). There is insufficient evidence to determine whether adding TKIs to standard therapies changes any of our primary outcomes. Very low quality evidence from a single study suggests that rIL‐2 combined with surgery may increase overall survival compared with surgery alone. Plain language summary Treatments for cancers of the mouth and throat: therapies targeted at cancer cells and therapies to boost the body’s immune system Review question This review looks at the evidence for the benefits of new kinds of therapies for treating cancer of the mouth (oral cavity cancer) and cancer of the throat (oropharyngeal cancer) used together with standard treatments. One is the targeting of cancer cells directly whilst the other aims to boost the body’s own immune system to combat the cancer more effectively. Do these treatments result in differences in overall survival, cancer‐free survival, keeping the cancer limited to that area of the body, recurrence of the cancer, quality of life and harmful or unwanted effects? Background Oral cancers (cancer of the mouth and cancer of the throat) are the sixth most common cancer worldwide, accounting for an estimated 4% of all cancers. There is a higher frequency of these cancers in men. Smoking, alcohol consumption and betel quid chewing are the main risk factors. Cancer of the throat is associated with infection from the human papilloma virus (HPV), which can be transmitted through sexual contact. Low socioeconomic status (a measure of a person's income, education and occupation in relation to other people's) is associated with a higher frequency of oral cancers and poorer survival rates. Survival following a diagnosis of mouth or throat cancer remains poor, with around 50% of people still alive at five years (five‐year survival rate). New therapies targeted at the cells that give rise to oral cancers are being developed. The advantage these may have over conventional chemotherapy is that rather than affecting both healthy and cancerous cells they just target cancer cells. Immunotherapy (also known as biological therapy, biotherapy or biological response modifier therapy) may improve the functioning of the immune system so it is more effective at destroying cancer cells. Local immunotherapy delivers treatment directly into the tumour and systemic immunotherapy targets the whole body, and may be useful for stopping the cancer spreading or the return of primary tumours in more advanced cancer. Study characteristics The evidence in this review is up‐to‐date as of February 2015 .  We found 12 studies suitable for inclusion with a total of 2488 participants. Twelve per cent of participants (298) had tumours in the mouth and 59% (1468) had tumours in the throat. The remaining 29% of participants had tumours of the voice box or lower part of throat and less than 1% had tumours at other sites. We grouped trials by treatment into three main comparisons: standard therapy with or without epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody (EGFR mAb) therapy (which is a targeted therapy), standard therapy with or without tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) (which is a targeted therapy) and standard therapy with or without immunotherapy (which is an immune‐boosting therapy). Key results We found that adding EGFR mAb, a targeted therapy, to standard therapy may increase overall survival, cancer‐free survival, keeping the cancer limited to that area of the body and may decrease recurrence of the cancer. However, it may result in an increase in skin problems for some. There is not enough evidence to know whether TKIs added to standard therapies results in a change in overall survival, cancer‐free survival, keeping the cancer limited to that area of the body or recurrence of the cancer. One study suggested that a type of immunotherapy, rIL‐2, combined with surgery, may increase overall survival. Quality of the evidence Overall, the evidence available ranges from moderate quality (for EGFR mAb) to very low quality (for TKIs and rIL‐2), which limits our confidence in the reliability of our findings.
Adverse effects of immunotherapies for multiple sclerosis: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic disease of the central nervous system that affects mainly young adults (two to three times more frequently in women than in men) and causes significant disability after onset. Although it is accepted that immunotherapies for people with MS decrease disease activity, uncertainty regarding their relative safety remains. Objectives To compare adverse effects of immunotherapies for people with MS or clinically isolated syndrome (CIS), and to rank these treatments according to their relative risks of adverse effects through network meta‐analyses (NMAs). Search methods We searched CENTRAL, PubMed, Embase, two other databases and trials registers up to March 2022, together with reference checking and citation searching to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included participants 18 years of age or older with a diagnosis of MS or CIS, according to any accepted diagnostic criteria, who were included in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that examined one or more of the agents used in MS or CIS, and compared them versus placebo or another active agent. We excluded RCTs in which a drug regimen was compared with a different regimen of the same drug without another active agent or placebo as a control arm. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods for data extraction and pairwise meta‐analyses. For NMAs, we used the  netmeta  suite of commands in R to fit random‐effects NMAs assuming a common between‐study variance. We used the CINeMA platform to GRADE the certainty of the body of evidence in NMAs. We considered a relative risk (RR) of 1.5 as a non‐inferiority safety threshold compared to placebo. We assessed the certainty of evidence for primary outcomes within the NMA according to GRADE, as very low, low, moderate or high. Main results This NMA included 123 trials with 57,682 participants . Serious adverse events (SAEs) Reporting of SAEs was available from 84 studies including 5696 (11%) events in 51,833 (89.9%) participants out of 57,682 participants in all studies. Based on the absolute frequency of SAEs, our non‐inferiority threshold (up to a 50% increased risk) meant that no more than 1 in 18 additional people would have a SAE compared to placebo. Low‐certainty evidence suggested that three drugs may decrease SAEs compared to placebo (relative risk [RR], 95% confidence interval [CI]): interferon beta‐1a (Avonex) (0.78, 0.66 to 0.94); dimethyl fumarate (0.79, 0.67 to 0.93), and glatiramer acetate (0.84, 0.72 to 0.98). Several drugs met our non‐inferiority criterion versus placebo: moderate‐certainty evidence for teriflunomide (1.08, 0.88 to 1.31); low‐certainty evidence for ocrelizumab (0.85, 0.67 to 1.07), ozanimod (0.88, 0.59 to 1.33), interferon beta‐1b (0.94, 0.78 to 1.12), interferon beta‐1a (Rebif) (0.96, 0.80 to 1.15), natalizumab (0.97, 0.79 to 1.19), fingolimod (1.05, 0.92 to 1.20) and laquinimod (1.06, 0.83 to 1.34); very low‐certainty evidence for daclizumab (0.83, 0.68 to 1.02). Non‐inferiority with placebo was not met due to imprecision for the other drugs: low‐certainty evidence for cladribine (1.10, 0.79 to 1.52), siponimod (1.20, 0.95 to 1.51), ofatumumab (1.26, 0.88 to 1.79) and rituximab (1.01, 0.67 to 1.52); very low‐certainty evidence for immunoglobulins (1.05, 0.33 to 3.32), diroximel fumarate (1.05, 0.23 to 4.69), peg‐interferon beta‐1a (1.07, 0.66 to 1.74), alemtuzumab (1.16, 0.85 to 1.60), interferons (1.62, 0.21 to 12.72) and azathioprine (3.62, 0.76 to 17.19). Withdrawals due to adverse events Reporting of withdrawals due to AEs was available from 105 studies (85.4%) including 3537 (6.39%) events in 55,320 (95.9%) patients out of 57,682 patients in all studies. Based on the absolute frequency of withdrawals, our non‐inferiority threshold (up to a 50% increased risk) meant that no more than 1 in 31 additional people would withdraw compared to placebo. No drug reduced withdrawals due to adverse events when compared with placebo. There was very low‐certainty evidence (meaning that estimates are not reliable) that two drugs met our non‐inferiority criterion versus placebo, assuming an upper 95% CI RR limit of 1.5: diroximel fumarate (0.38, 0.11 to 1.27) and alemtuzumab (0.63, 0.33 to 1.19). Non‐inferiority with placebo was not met due to imprecision for the following drugs: low‐certainty evidence for ofatumumab (1.50, 0.87 to 2.59); very low‐certainty evidence for methotrexate (0.94, 0.02 to 46.70), corticosteroids (1.05, 0.16 to 7.14), ozanimod (1.06, 0.58 to 1.93), natalizumab (1.20, 0.77 to 1.85), ocrelizumab (1.32, 0.81 to 2.14), dimethyl fumarate (1.34, 0.96 to 1.86), siponimod (1.63, 0.96 to 2.79), rituximab (1.63, 0.53 to 5.00), cladribine (1.80, 0.89 to 3.62), mitoxantrone (2.11, 0.50 to 8.87), interferons (3.47, 0.95 to 12.72), and cyclophosphamide (3.86, 0.45 to 33.50). Eleven drugs may have increased withdrawals due to adverse events compared with placebo: low‐certainty evidence for teriflunomide (1.37, 1.01 to 1.85), glatiramer acetate (1.76, 1.36 to 2.26), fingolimod (1.79, 1.40 to 2.28), interferon beta‐1a (Rebif) (2.15, 1.58 to 2.93), daclizumab (2.19, 1.31 to 3.65) and interferon beta‐1b (2.59, 1.87 to 3.77); very low‐certainty evidence for laquinimod (1.42, 1.01 to 2.00), interferon beta‐1a (Avonex) (1.54, 1.13 to 2.10), immunoglobulins (1.87, 1.01 to 3.45), peg‐interferon beta‐1a (3.46, 1.44 to 8.33) and azathioprine (6.95, 2.57 to 18.78); however, very low‐certainty evidence is unreliable. Sensitivity analyses including only studies with low attrition bias, drug dose above the group median, or only patients with relapsing remitting MS or CIS, and subgroup analyses by prior disease‐modifying treatments did not change these figures. Rankings No drug yielded consistent P scores in the upper quartile of the probability of being better than others for primary and secondary outcomes. Authors' conclusions We found mostly low and very low‐certainty evidence that drugs used to treat MS may not increase SAEs, but may increase withdrawals compared with placebo. The results suggest that there is no important difference in the occurrence of SAEs between first‐ and second‐line drugs and between oral, injectable, or infused drugs, compared with placebo. Our review, along with other work in the literature, confirms poor‐quality reporting of adverse events from RCTs of interventions. At the least, future studies should follow the CONSORT recommendations about reporting harm‐related issues. To address adverse effects, future systematic reviews should also include non‐randomized studies. Plain language summary What are the risks of therapies for treating multiple sclerosis? Key messages ‐ Immunotherapies used to treat multiple sclerosis appear not to increase serious health events, compared to sham drugs (placebo). ‐ Many of these drugs have unwanted effects and, for some of them, more people included in studies dropped out because of side effects compared to sham drugs. ‐ These results are only partly, or are not, reliable since serious health events are relatively rare in people with multiple sclerosis, meaning that the issue is difficult to study, and serious health events were also not well reported in the studies. What is the condition? Multiple sclerosis (MS) affects the brain and the spinal cord. MS affects more women than men. In MS, the immune system attacks the sheath that covers our body's nerves and weakens their function. Some people with severe MS may even not be able to use their arms or legs well for some time, but they usually recover. Disability, for example in walking, can arise in some people who have many attacks over the years. How is the condition treated? Several treatments that modulate the immune system are available that can help speed recovery from attacks and improve the course of the disease. What did we want to find out? We aimed to investigate the risks of the drugs used to treat MS. We wanted to assess all types of health events that are serious, for example, admissions to hospital, or events that made people stop taking the medication. We also wanted to investigate health events in specific body organs. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated drugs aiming to improve the course of MS, compared with other drugs or sham drugs, in people with recurrent episodes of the disease. What did we find? Serious health events were found in about one in nine people receiving a sham drug during one or two years. The following drugs were found not to increase these events: interferon beta‐1a (Avonex), dimethyl fumarate, glatiramer acetate, teriflunomide, ocrelizumab, ozanimod, interferon beta‐1b, interferon beta‐1a (Rebif), natalizumab, fingolimod, and laquinimod. We cannot tell whether the following drugs cause more serious health events than sham because the studies were small or there were few events (for cladribine, siponimod, ofatumumab, and rituximab). We were very unsure about daclizumab, immunoglobulins, diroximel fumarate, peg‐interferon beta‐1a, alemtuzumab, interferons and azathioprine because the evidence regarding serious health events was of very poor quality. Unwanted effects causing people to stop taking the medication were found in one in 16 people receiving a sham drug for one or two years. The following drugs may have increased these dropouts: teriflunomide, glatiramer acetate, fingolimod, interferon beta‐1a (Rebif), daclizumab and interferon beta‐1b. We cannot tell whether ofatumumab causes more dropouts than sham because the studies were small or there were few events. We are very unsure about diroximel fumarate, alemtuzumab, methotrexate, corticosteroids, ozanimod, natalizumab, ocrelizumab, dimethyl fumarate, siponimod, rituximab, cladribine, mitoxantrone, interferons, cyclophosphamide, laquinimod, interferon beta‐1a (Avonex), immunoglobulins, peg‐interferon beta‐1a and azathioprine because the evidence regarding dropouts was of very poor quality. What are the limitations of the evidence? Most of the evidence came from studies conducted in ways that may have introduced errors into their results, including the fact that harms were not well reported. Moreover, serious health events and unwanted effects are rare in people with MS and, thus, difficult to study. How up‐to‐date is the evidence? This review is up‐to‐date until March 2022.
Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T‐cell therapy for people with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B‐cell lymphoma; Abstract - Background Diffuse large B‐cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is an aggressive cancer of the lymphatic system. About 30% to 40% of people with DLBCL experience relapse and 10% are refractory to first‐line treatment usually consisting of R‐CHOP chemotherapy. Of those eligible for second‐line treatment, commonly consisting of salvage chemotherapy followed by autologous stem‐cell transplantation (ASCT), around 50% experience relapse. With a median overall survival of less than six to 12 months, the prognosis of individuals who relapse or are refractory (r/r) to advanced lines of treatment or of those who are ineligible for ASCT, is very poor. With the introduction of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T‐cell therapy, a novel treatment option for these people is available. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T‐cell therapy for people with relapsed or refractory (r/r) DLBCL. Search methods An experienced information specialist performed a systematic database search for relevant articles on CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase until September 11th, 2020. We also searched trial registries and reference lists of identified studies up to this date. All search results were screened by two authors independently and a third author was involved in case of discrepancies. Selection criteria We included prospectively planned trials evaluating CAR T‐cell therapy for people with r/r DLBCL. We had planned to include randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and we flexibly adapted eligibility criteria to the most reliable study designs available. We excluded studies involving fewer than 10 participants with r/r DLBCL and studies with a proportion of participants with r/r DLBCL below 70%, unless data were reported separately for this subgroup. Data collection and analysis Two review authors extracted data and performed risk of bias ratings independently. A third author was involved in case of disagreements. As our search did not yield any completed RCTs, prospective controlled non‐randomised studies of interventions (NRSIs) or prospective observational studies with a control group, we did not meta‐analyse data and reported all results narratively. We adopted the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of the evidence for prioritised outcomes. Main results We identified 13 eligible uncontrolled studies evaluating a single or multiple arms of CAR T‐cell therapies. We also identified 38 ongoing studies, including three RCTs. Ten studies are awaiting classification due to completion with no retrievable results data or insufficient data to justify inclusion. The mean number of participants enrolled, treated with CAR T‐cell therapy and evaluated in the included studies were 79 (range 12 to 344; data unavailable for two studies), 61 (range 12 to 294; data unavailable for one study) and 52 (range 11 to 256), respectively. Most studies included people with r/r DLBCL among people with other haematological B‐cell malignancies. Participants had received at least a median of three prior treatment lines (data unavailable for four studies), 5% to 50% had undergone ASCT (data unavailable for five studies) and, except for two studies, 3% to 18% had undergone allogenic stem‐cell transplantation (data unavailable for eight studies). The overall risk of bias was high for all studies, in particular, due to incomplete follow‐up and the absence of blinding. None of the included studies had a control group so that no adequate comparative effect measures could be calculated. The duration of follow‐up varied substantially between studies, in particular, for harms. Our certainty in the evidence is very low for all outcomes. Overall survival was reported by eight studies (567 participants). Four studies reported survival rates at 12 months which ranged between 48% and 59%, and one study reported an overall survival rate of 50.5% at 24 months. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cell therapy on overall survival. Two studies including 294 participants at baseline and 59 participants at the longest follow‐up (12 months or 18 months) described improvements of quality of life measured with the EuroQol 5‐Dimension 5‐Level visual analogue scale (EQ‐5D‐5L VAS) or Function Assessment of Cancer Therapy‐Lymphoma (FACT‐Lym). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cell therapy on quality of life. None of the studies reported treatment‐related mortality. Five studies (550 participants) reported the occurrence of adverse events among participants, ranging between 99% and 100% for any grade adverse events and 68% to 98% for adverse events grade ≥ 3. In three studies (253 participants), 56% to 68% of participants experienced serious adverse events, while in one study (28 participants), no serious adverse events occurred. CAR T‐cell therapy may increase the risk of adverse events and serious adverse events but the evidence is very uncertain about the exact risk. The occurrence of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) was reported in 11 studies (675 participants) under use of various grading criteria. Five studies reported between 42% and 100% of participants experiencing CRS according to criteria described in Lee 2014. CAR T‐cell therapy may increase the risk of CRS but the evidence is very uncertain about the exact risk. Nine studies (575 participants) reported results on progression‐free survival, disease‐free survival or relapse‐free survival. Twelve‐month progression‐free survival rates were reported by four studies and ranged between 44% and 75%. In one study, relapse‐free survival remained at a rate of 64% at both 12 and 18 months. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cell therapy on progression‐free survival. Thirteen studies (620 participants) provided data on complete response rates. At six months, three studies reported complete response rates between 40% and 45%. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cell therapy on complete response rates. Authors' conclusions The available evidence on the benefits and harms of CAR T‐cell therapy for people with r/r DLBCL is limited, mainly because of the absence of comparative clinical trials. The results we present should be regarded in light of this limitation and conclusions should be drawn very carefully. Due to the uncertainty in the current evidence, a large number of ongoing investigations and a risk of substantial and potentially life‐threatening complications requiring supplementary treatment, it is critical to continue evaluating the evidence on this new therapy. Plain language summary CAR T‐cell therapy for people with diffuse large B‐cell lymphoma which returns after treatment or no longer responds to treatment Background Diffuse large B‐cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is a fast‐growing cancer of the lymphatic system, an important part of the immune system. It affects blood cells that produce antibodies to fight infections. DLBCL is potentially curable. Most people with DLBCL respond well to initial therapies such as chemotherapy. For some people, the disease becomes refractory, which means it no longer responds to treatment, or it relapses, which means it returns after treatment. As a second‐line treatment, people with DLBCL can receive chemotherapy coupled with stem‐cell transplantation, but not all people are candidates for this therapy. From those who are, around 50% experience relapse after treatment. People who relapse or are refractory to advanced lines of treatment and those who are not candidates for a stem‐cell transplant have a very poor prognosis: Only half of them survive longer than six to 12 months. A promising treatment for these people is 'chimeric antigen receptor' (CAR) T‐cell therapy, which utilises the body's own immune cells (T‐cells) to fight DLBCL. T‐cells are removed from the person's blood, equipped with so‐called 'chimeric antigen receptors' (CARs), that help to recognise and destroy the cancer cells, in the laboratory and then delivered back into the person's blood. What was our aim? We wanted to explore whether CAR T‐cells are an effective treatment for people with DLBCL that returns after treatment (relapses) or no longer responds to treatment (is refractory). We also wanted to explore the frequency of unwanted effects associated with CAR T‐cell therapy. What did we do? We searched for all available clinical studies on treatment with CAR T‐cells for people with relapsed or refractory DLBCL to summarise the current evidence. We also evaluated the risk of bias in included studies and rated our confidence in the evidence. What did we find? We found 13 studies with information on 679 participants (who had received several prior lines of therapy) that received CAR T‐cell therapy. None of the studies had a control group. This means CAR T‐cells were not compared with another treatment. We decided not to meta‐analyse the study results and reported all results narratively. We also found 38 ongoing studies. What are the key results? Eight studies with 567 participants evaluated overall survival. After 12 months, around half of participants were alive in four studies. In one study, around half of participants were alive after 24 months. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cells on survival. Two studies (294 participants at study start; 59 participants at study end) reported that quality of life improved over time. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cells on quality of life. Deaths related to the therapy were not reported. Five studies (550 participants) reported on adverse events. Almost all participants (99% to 100%) experienced some kind of adverse event (including mild events). Between 68% and 98% of participants had adverse events that were severe. CAR T‐cells may increase the risk of adverse events but the evidence about the exact risk is very uncertain. In three studies (253 participants), 56% to 68% of participants experienced serious adverse events, while in one study (28 participants), participants had no serious adverse events. CAR T‐cells may increase the risk of serious adverse events but the evidence about the exact risk is very uncertain. Eleven studies (675 participants) reported on the frequency of 'cytokine release syndrome' (CRS), an overreaction of the immune system that is typically seen in CAR T‐cell therapy. It includes fever and can include symptoms such as chills, muscle pain or dizziness. Several scales were used across the studies to describe CRS. In five studies using the same scale, between 42% and 100% of participants had CRS. CAR T‐cells may increase the risk of CRS but the evidence about the exact risk is very uncertain. Nine studies (575 participants) reported when DLBCL relapsed (returned) or progressed (got worse). Four studies reported that, at 12 months, DLBCL did not progress in 44% to 75% of participants. In one study, 64% of participants did not relapse at both 12, and 18 months. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cells on DLBCL relapse or progress. Thirteen studies (620 participants) reported how many participants had a complete response (all signs of cancer disappeared). In three studies, between 40% and 45% of participants experienced a complete response at six months. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of CAR T‐cells on complete response. What does this mean? The evidence on CAR T‐cells in the treatment of relapsed or refractory DLBCL is very uncertain. This is mainly because, today, there are no direct comparisons of CAR T‐cells with other treatments. People who receive CAR T‐cells can have severe adverse events that require additional treatment. We identified many ongoing studies and some of them compare CAR T‐cells with standard care. We will keep evaluating the evidence on this novel therapy. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence is current to September 2020.
Anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy postconsolidation therapy for people with high‐risk neuroblastoma treated with autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation; Abstract - Background Neuroblastoma is a rare malignant disease that primarily affects children. The tumours mainly develop in the adrenal medullary tissue, and an abdominal mass is the most common presentation. High‐risk disease is characterised by metastasis and other primary tumour characteristics resulting in increased risk for an adverse outcome. The GD2 carbohydrate antigen is expressed on the cell surface of neuroblastoma tumour cells and is thus a promising target for anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy. Objectives To assess the efficacy of anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing postconsolidation immunotherapy after high‐dose chemotherapy (HDCT) and autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) compared to standard therapy after HDCT and autologous HSCT in people with high‐risk neuroblastoma. Our primary outcomes were overall survival and treatment‐related mortality. Our secondary outcomes were progression‐free survival, event‐free survival, early toxicity, late non‐haematological toxicity, and health‐related quality of life. Search methods We searched the electronic databases CENTRAL (2018, Issue 9), MEDLINE (PubMed), and Embase (Ovid) on 20 September 2018. We searched trial registries and conference proceedings on 28 October 2018. Further searches included reference lists of recent reviews and relevant articles as well as contacting experts in the field. There were no limits on publication year or language. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials evaluating anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy after HDCT and autologous HSCT in people with high‐risk neuroblastoma. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, abstracted data on study and participant characteristics, and assessed risk of bias and GRADE. Any differences were resolved by discussion, with third‐party arbitration unnecessary. We performed analyses according to the guidelines of the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We used the five GRADE considerations, that is study limitations, consistency of effect, imprecision, indirectness, and publication bias, to judge the quality of the evidence. Main results We identified one randomised controlled trial that included 226 people with high‐risk neuroblastoma who were pre‐treated with autologous HSCT. The study randomised 113 participants to receive immunotherapy including isotretinoin, granulocyte‐macrophage colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF), interleukin‐2, and ch14.18, a type of anti‐GD2 antibody also known as dinutuximab. The study randomised another 113 participants to receive standard therapy including isotretinoin. The results on overall survival favoured the dinutuximab‐containing immunotherapy group (hazard ratio (HR) 0.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.31 to 0.80; P = 0.004). The results on event‐free survival also favoured the dinutuximab‐containing immunotherapy group (HR 0.61, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.92; P = 0.020). Randomised data on adverse events were not reported separately. The study did not report progression‐free survival, late non‐haematological toxicity, and health‐related quality of life as separate endpoints. We graded the quality of the evidence as moderate. Authors' conclusions The evidence base favours dinutuximab‐containing immunotherapy compared to standard therapy concerning overall survival and event‐free survival in people with high‐risk neuroblastoma pre‐treated with autologous HSCT. Randomised data on adverse events are lacking, therefore more research is needed before definitive conclusions can be made regarding this outcome. Plain language summary Anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy for people with high‐risk neuroblastoma treated with autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation Review question We searched for studies of people with high‐risk neuroblastoma who received high‐dose chemotherapy (which kills stem cells) followed by autologous (from the same person) haematopoietic stem cell (blood cell precursors) transplantation (to rescue and replace the killed stem cells). We reviewed the evidence concerning the effect of anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy compared to standard therapy in such people on overall survival, treatment‐related death, progression‐free survival, event‐free survival, early toxicity, late non‐haematological toxicity, and health‐related quality of life. Background Neuroblastoma is a rare form of cancer that primarily affects children. High‐risk disease is characterised by metastasis at diagnosis and other primary tumour characteristics resulting in increased risk for an poor outcome. The GD2 carbohydrate antigen is expressed on the cell surface of neuroblastoma tumour cells and is thus a promising target for anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy. Study characteristics The evidence is current to 20 September 2018. We included a single randomised trial (a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with 113 people allocated to immunotherapy including isotretinoin, granulocyte‐macrophage colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF), interleukin‐2, and ch14.18, a distinct type of anti‐GD2 antibody also known as dinutuximab. Another 113 people were allocated to receive standard therapy including isotretinoin. Key results The results on overall survival and event‐free survival favoured the dinutuximab‐containing immunotherapy group. Other outcomes including those on adverse events were not adequately reported; more research is needed before definitive conclusions can be made regarding these outcomes. Quality of the evidence We assessed the quality of the evidence as moderate.
Immunotherapy (excluding checkpoint inhibitors) for stage I to III non‐small cell lung cancer treated with surgery or radiotherapy with curative intent; Abstract - Background Non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common lung cancer, accounting for approximately 80% to 85% of all cases. For people with localised NSCLC (stages I to III), it has been speculated that immunotherapy may be helpful for reducing postoperative recurrence rates, or improving the clinical outcomes of current treatment for unresectable tumours. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2017 and it includes two new randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of immunotherapy (excluding checkpoint inhibitors) among  people  with localised NSCLC of stages I to III who received curative intent of radiotherapy or surgery. Search methods We searched the following databases (from inception to 19 May 2021): CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and five trial registers. We also searched conference proceedings and reference lists of included trials. Selection criteria We included RCTs conducted in adults (≥ 18 years) diagnosed with  NSCLC stage I to III after surgical resection, and those with unresectable locally advanced stage III NSCLC receiving radiotherapy with curative intent. We included participants who underwent primary surgical treatment, postoperative radiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy if the same strategy was provided for both intervention and control groups. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected eligible trials, assessed risk of bias, and extracted data. We used survival analysis to pool time‐to‐event data, using hazard ratios (HRs). We used risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous data, and mean differences (MDs) for continuous data, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Due to clinical heterogeneity (immunotherapeutic agents with different underlying mechanisms), we combined data by applying random‐effects models. Main results We included 11 RCTs involving 5128 participants (this included 2 new trials with 188 participants since the last search dated 20 January 2017). Participants who underwent surgical resection or received curative radiotherapy were randomised to either an immunotherapy group or a control group. The immunological interventions were active immunotherapy Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) adoptive cell transfer (i.e. transfer factor (TF), tumour‐infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), dendritic cell/cytokine‐induced killer (DC/CIK), antigen‐specific cancer vaccines (melanoma‐associated antigen 3 (MAGE‐A3) and L‐BLP25), and targeted natural killer (NK) cells. Seven trials were at high risk of bias for at least one of the risk of bias domains. Three trials were at low risk of bias across all domains and one small trial was at unclear risk of bias as it provided insufficient information. We included data from nine of the 11 trials in the meta‐analyses involving 4863 participants. There was no evidence of a difference between the immunotherapy agents and the controls on any of the following outcomes: overall survival (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.05; P = 0.27; 4 trials, 3848 participants; high‐quality evidence), progression‐free survival (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.03; P = 0.19; moderate‐quality evidence), adverse events (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.28; P = 0.11; 4 trials, 4126 evaluated participants; low‐quality evidence), and severe adverse events (RR 1.14, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.40; 6 trials, 4546 evaluated participants; low‐quality evidence).  Survival rates at different time points showed no evidence of a difference between immunotherapy agents and the controls. Survival rate at 1‐year follow‐up (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.08; I 2  = 57%; 7 trials, 4420 participants; low‐quality evidence), 2‐year follow‐up (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.12; 7 trials, 4420 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), 3‐year follow‐up (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.09; 7 trials, 4420 participants; I 2  = 22%; moderate‐quality evidence) and at 5‐year follow‐up (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.12; I 2  = 0%; 7 trials, 4389 participants; moderate‐quality evidence).  Only one trial reported overall response rates. Two trials provided health‐related quality of life results with contradicting results.  Authors' conclusions Based on this updated review, the current literature does not provide evidence that suggests a survival benefit from adding immunotherapy (excluding checkpoint inhibitors) to conventional curative surgery or radiotherapy, for people with localised NSCLC (stages I to III). Several ongoing trials with immune checkpoints inhibitors (PD‐1/PD‐L1) might bring new insights into the role of immunotherapy for people with stages I to III NSCLC.  Plain language summary Effect of immunotherapy on the prognosis for stages I to III non‐small cell lung cancer treated with surgery or radiotherapy with curative intent Review question Do treatments that help the body's immune system fight cancer cells (immunotherapy) make people with non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have had surgery or radiotherapy aimed at a cure, live longer? Background Many people with NSCLC, who have had surgery or radiotherapy to cure their cancer, eventually die because the cancer comes back, either in the chest, or somewhere else in the body. There have been a number of trials over the years that have looked at whether immunotherapy helps people live longer. Some seemed to show a benefit, others did not. Study characteristics We searched four computerised databases and five trial registers to 19 May 2021. We looked for all trials that randomly allocated participants to one treatment or another (randomised controlled trials, RCTs), and included adults (aged 18 years or older) with early NSCLC (stages I to III), confirmed by laboratory testing of a sample of the tumour. We found 11 RCTs, which included over 5000 participants who had received surgery or curative radiotherapy, and were randomly allocated to receive either immunotherapy or no further treatment.  Key results We found that giving immunotherapy, mainly vaccine‐based (aiming to activate the host immune system to induce human immune response to tumour‐specific antigens), after surgery or radiotherapy did not make people live longer. People who were given vaccine‐based immunotherapy did not seem to experience more side effects than the others. We did not find results that could tell us whether the addition of immunotherapy improved quality of life. At the moment, there is no evidence to support or refute giving immunotherapy (mainly vaccine‐based) to people with localised NSCLC (stages I to III). RCTs in progress are testing new, more promising immunotherapy drugs (e.g. checkpoint inhibitors).  Quality of the evidence The evidence we found about overall survival and progression‐free survival was of high and moderate quality, respectively. When we looked for evidence about how many participants lived to one, two, three, or five years, it was only moderate or low quality, because the RCTs were not very well done, and their results did not agree with each other. The evidence for both any and severe adverse events was of low quality.
Enteral nutrition formulations for acute pancreatitis; Abstract - Background Acute pancreatitis is a common and potentially lethal disease with increasing incidence. Severe cases are characterised by high mortality, and despite improvements in intensive care management, no specific treatment relevantly improves clinical outcomes of the disease. Meta‐analyses suggest that enteral nutrition is more effective than conventional treatment consisting of discontinuation of oral intake with use of total parenteral nutrition. However, no systematic review has compared different enteral nutrition formulations for the treatment of patients with acute pancreatitis. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of different enteral nutrition formulations in patients with acute pancreatitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Upper Gastrointestinal and Pancreatic Diseases Group Specialised Register of Clinical Trials, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2013, Issue 7), MEDLINE (from inception to 20 August 2013), EMBASE (from inception to 2013, week 33) and Science Citation Index–Expanded (from 1990 to August 2013); we conducted full‐text searches and applied no restrictions by language or publication status. Selection criteria We considered randomised clinical trials assessing enteral nutrition in patients with acute pancreatitis. We allowed concomitant interventions if they were received equally by all treatment groups within a trial. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and extracted data. We performed the analysis using Review Manager 5 ( Review Manager 2013 ) and both fixed‐effect and random‐effects models. We expressed results as risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous data, and as mean differences (MDs) for continuous data, both with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Analysis was based on an intention‐to‐treat principle. Main results We included 15 trials (1376 participants) in this review. We downgraded the quality of evidence for many of our outcomes on the basis of high risk of bias. Low‐quality evidence suggests that immunonutrition decreases all‐cause mortality (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.80). The effect of immunonutrition on other outcomes from a subset of the included trials was uncertain. Subgrouping trials by type of enteral nutrition did not explain any variation in effect. We found mainly very low‐quality evidence for the effects of probiotics on the main outcomes. One eligible trial in this comparison reported a higher rate of serious adverse events leading to increased organ failure and mortality due to low numbers of events and low risk of bias. When we excluded this study as a post hoc sensitivity analysis, risks of mortality (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.84), organ failure (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.92) and local septic complications (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.72) were lower with probiotics. In one trial assessing immunonutrition with probiotics and fibres, no deaths occurred, but hospital stay was shorter with immunonutrition (MD ‐5.20 days, 95% CI ‐8.73 to ‐1.67). No deaths were reported following semi‐elemental enteral nutrition (EN), and the effect on length of hospital stay was small (MD 0.30 days, 95% CI ‐0.82 to 1.42). Fibre‐enriched formulations reduced the number of other local complications (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.87) and length of hospital stay (MD ‐9.28 days, 95% CI ‐13.21 to ‐5.35) but did not significantly affect all‐cause mortality (RR 0.23, 95% CI 0.03 to 1.84) and other outcomes. Very low‐quality evidence from the subgroup of trials comparing EN versus no intervention showed a decrease in all‐cause mortality with EN (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.86). Authors' conclusions We found evidence of low or very low quality for the effects of immunonutrition on efficacy and safety outcomes. The role of supplementation of enteral nutrition with potential immunomodulatory agents remains in question, and further research is required in this area. Studies assessing probiotics yielded inconsistent and almost contrary results, especially regarding safety and adverse events, and their findings do not support the routine use of EN enriched with probiotics in routine clinical practice. However, further research should be carried out to try to determine the potential efficacy or harms of probiotics. Lack of trials reporting on other types of EN assessed and lack of firm evidence regarding their effects suggest that additional randomised clinical trials are needed. The quality of evidence for the effects of any kind of EN on mortality was low, and further studies are likely to have an impact on the finding of improved survival with EN versus no nutritional support. Evidence remains insufficient to support the use of a specific EN formulation. Plain language summary Tube feeding in patients with acute pancreatitis Review question The intention of this systematic review was to show whether specific enteral nutrition (EN) formulations have any beneficial or harmful effects in the treatment of patients with acute pancreatitis (AP), and whether possible advantages and disadvantages are associated with certain types of EN in comparison with others. Enteral nutrition consists of artificial complete nutrition in liquid form that is absorbed through the intestines. Review authors conducted searches of available literature until August 2013 to look for studies comparing different types of EN formulations in the treatment of patients with AP. We included only randomised clinical trials in this review, as these studies, if designed and conducted properly, represent the highest methodological standard in clinical research. Background Acute pancreatitis is an inflammatory disease of the pancreas ‐ a gland situated in the upper abdominal region that is involved in the process of digestion. The main causes of AP are gallstone disease and excessive alcohol intake. Various factors may activate pancreatic digestive enzymes inside the gland itself, causing tissue damage and extensive inflammation, possibly leading to further damage and resulting in failure of the blood circulatory system, kidneys and/or lungs, and eventually death. Despite improvements, mortality associated with severe AP is not decreasing, and no specific treatment is available. EN has proved to be more effective than total parenteral nutrition (stopping oral intake with intravenous administration of nutrients) in reducing organ failure, infectious complications and mortality. EN is usually intended to avoid the stomach and is, therefore, given by a feeding tube inserted through the nose, throat and stomach into the middle part of the small intestine. Many types of EN formulations are available; however, no systematic review of evidence has assessed potential benefits or harms of certain formulations over others. Study characteristics We included 15 trials with 1376 participants. Two trials included more than two study groups comparing different EN formulations. Six trials compared immunonutrition (EN supplemented with substances potentially able to change the immune response) versus control (other EN, sham treatment (placebo) or no treatment), and six trials investigated EN enriched with probiotics (live bacteria or yeasts that replace or add to helpful bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract). Two trials researched the use of semi‐elemental formulations, which are types of EN in which nutrients are broken down to smaller particles. Two trials studied fibre‐enriched EN, which may stimulate the growth of intestinal micro‐organisms. Only one trial compared immunonutrition enriched with probiotics and fibres versus control. Key results Immunonutrition compared with control showed reduction in all‐cause mortality. However, when only specific types of EN were compared, this could not be confirmed. Available evidence does not support the effectiveness of probiotics in AP. One trial that made this comparison reported a higher rate of serious adverse events, and consequently more occurrences of organ failure and higher mortality rate. When this trial was excluded, results showed a decrease in mortality, organ dysfunction and pancreatic infectious complications, but with evidence of low to very low quality. Fibre‐enriched formulations had a beneficial effect on decreasing local non‐infectious complications and shortening hospitalisation. No effects were confirmed for semi‐elemental formulations and immunonutrition enriched with probiotics and fibres. These results are inconclusive because of the paucity of data. Comparison of any kind of EN versus no intervention revealed a beneficial effect on all‐cause mortality. Overall, EN was associated with a rather small number of mild adverse events (most often nausea, vomiting, bloating, diarrhoea, pain relapse and higher serological concentrations of sodium) not requiring cessation of tube feeding. We cannot be certain that EN is safe in this population because the quality of evidence for adverse event outcomes is low. Quality of the evidence All included trials have been assessed as having high risk of bias, most often because they did not provide enough information for adequate assessment of certain study design characteristics, but also because some clear flaws were noted in the way they were designed and carried out. The quality of the evidence throughout this review is considered to be low to very low primarily because of the relatively small numbers of study participants and events included. Study results may reflect systematic and random errors.
Salvage systemic therapy for advanced gastric and oesophago‐gastric junction adenocarcinoma; Abstract - Background Salvage systemic therapy has become the new standard of care in patients with advanced gastric and oesophago‐gastric junction (OGJ) adenocarcinoma, following disease progression on first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Pharmacological agents proven to be effective in this setting include both chemotherapy and biological therapy, however, the consensus on the best salvage systemic therapy has not been reached. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic chemotherapy and biological therapy, either alone or in combination, on overall survival (OS) and progression‐free survival (PFS) in patients with advanced gastric and OGJ adenocarcinoma, whose disease has progressed on, or relapsed after first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Adverse events (AEs), tumour response rate (TRR) and quality of life (QoL) associated with systemic chemotherapy and/or biological therapy were additionally assessed. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, trial registries and proceedings of the major oncology conferences up to October 2020. We additionally handsearched the reference lists of studies. No language restriction was applied. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing salvage systemic therapy (chemotherapy and/or biological therapy) and either another type of salvage systemic therapy, placebo, best supportive care (BSC) or no treatment in patients with gastric and OGJ adenocarcinoma refractory to first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed selection of eligible studies and the primary author extracted study characteristics and outcome data from included studies. We assessed the quality and risk of bias of eligible studies according to the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We expressed pooled estimates of effect using hazard ratio (HR) calculated using an inverse variance random‐effects model for time‐to‐event data, and risk ratio (RR) calculated using Mantel‐Haenszel random‐effects model for binary data. The certainty of evidence was graded using GRADEpro. Main results We identified 17 RCTs with 5110 participants for inclusion in this review. Tweenty‐nine studies are ongoing and twenty studies are awaiting classification. No studies examined the following comparisons: chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus placebo, BSC or no treatment, chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus biological therapy, biological therapy versus biological therapy and chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus chemotherapy combined with biological therapy. Chemotherapy versus placebo, best supportive care or no treatment Chemotherapy probably improves OS (HR = 0.66, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.83, moderate‐certainty evidence) based on two studies involving 547 participants and improves PFS (HR = 0.57, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.69, high‐certainty evidence) based on one study involving 507 participants over placebo and BSC. Chemotherapy probably increases serious AEs (SAEs) (RR = 1.38, 95% CI 1.20 to 1.59, moderate‐certainty evidence) based on one study involving 503 participants. Biological therapy versus placebo, best supportive care or no treatment Biological therapy improves OS (HR = 0.55, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.73, high‐certainty evidence) and probably improves PFS (HR = 0.33, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.57, moderate‐certainty evidence) over placebo based on three studies involving 781 participants. There is currently insufficient evidence for increased SAEs from biological therapy (RR = 1.14, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.37, low‐certainty evidence) based on two studies involving 638 participants. Chemotherapy versus biological therapy This comparison only considered immunotherapy. There is probably no evidence of a difference for OS (HR = 0.82, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.02, moderate‐certainty evidence) between chemotherapy and immunotherapy, and immunotherapy probably reduces PFS (HR = 1.27, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.57, moderate‐certainty evidence) based on one study involving 395 participants. SAEs may be less frequent with immunotherapy compared to chemotherapy (RR = 0.41, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.57, low‐certainty evidence). Chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus chemotherapy Addition of biological therapy to chemotherapy probably does not improve OS (HR = 0.93, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.04, moderate‐certainty evidence) and we are uncertain whether it improves PFS (HR = 0.87, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.02, very low‐certainty evidence) based on seven studies involving 2743 participants. We are similarly uncertain whether combined chemotherapy and biological therapy increases SAEs (RR = 1.17, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.44, very low‐certainty evidence) based on four studies involving 1618 participants. Chemotherapy versus chemotherapy There is no evidence of a difference for OS and PFS between irinotecan and paclitaxel (HR = 1.13, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.48, low‐certainty evidence for OS; HR = 1.14, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.48, low‐certainty evidence for PFS) based on one study involving 219 participants. Similarly, there is no evidence to indicate improved OS and PFS from addition of another chemotherapy to docetaxel (HR = 1.05, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.54, low‐certainty evidence for OS; HR = 0.75, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.09, low‐certainty evidence for PFS) based on two studies involving 121 participants. Grade ≥ 3 neutropenia occurred commonly with both mono‐ and poly‐chemotherapy except for docetaxel‐S1 and EOX chemotherapy. Authors' conclusions Survival outcome of patients with advanced gastric and OGJ adenocarcinoma whose disease progressed on first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy can be improved by chemotherapy and biological therapy. Biological therapy, in particular, achieves this without clear increase in SAEs or QoL impairment. Whether biological therapy is preferred over chemotherapy is still unclear and there is no evidence of a difference for OS outcome, although immunotherapy may be associated with less SAEs. Addition of biological therapy to chemotherapy and poly‐chemotherapy are associated with frequent treatment‐related toxicity without clear survival benefit. Plain language summary Which treatments work best for advanced stomach cancer that has not responded to standard chemotherapy? What is advanced stomach cancer? Gastric (stomach) cancer usually begins in the mucous‐producing cells lining the stomach. Oesophago‐gastric junction (OGJ) cancer starts where the food pipe (oesophagus) joins the stomach. Advanced cancer is cancer that has spread to nearby tissues, or to another part of the body, despite treatment. Treatments for gastric and OGJ cancer include: • operation to remove the cancer; • chemotherapy (medicines that kill cancer cells); • radiotherapy (radiation to kill cancer cells); and • biological therapy (medicines made from proteins and other substances that occur naturally in the body). Biological therapies include immunotherapy (medicines that help the immune system to recognise and kill cancer cells) and therapies that target something in, or surrounding, the cancer, such as the cancer's blood supply. Standard chemotherapy usually combines two medicines containing fluoropyrimidine and platinum. When standard chemotherapy for advanced cancer has not worked, further treatment aims to slow the growth of the cancer to help people live longer. Further treatments include: other chemotherapy medicines, biological therapies, and best supportive care (care that helps a person cope with life‐limiting illness and its treatment). Why we did this Cochrane Review Stomach and OGJ cancer are difficult to treat. We wanted to find out which treatments work best to control these cancers and help people live longer, when standard chemotherapy has not worked. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at chemotherapy and/or biological therapies for advanced stomach or OGJ cancer that had not responded to standard chemotherapy. We looked for studies in which the treatment each person received was decided at random. These studies usually give the most reliable evidence about the effects of treatments. Search date We included evidence published up to October 2020. What we found We found 17 studies in 5110 people with advanced stomach or OGJ cancer. Studies compared further chemotherapy and/or biological therapies, given by mouth or through the bloodstream (systemic), with: • another systemic chemotherapy and/or biological therapy; • a placebo ('dummy' treatment); • best supportive care; and • no treatment. The studies looked at: • how long people lived; • any adverse (unwanted) effects; and • their quality of life (well‐being). What are the results of our review? People probably live longer after further chemotherapy (irinotecan or trifluridine plus tipiracil) than with placebo treatment or best supportive care. But chemotherapy probably increases serious unwanted effects, including diarrhoea, fever, and lower numbers of red and white blood cells. People may live as long after irinotecan chemotherapy as after paclitaxel chemotherapy. Adding another chemotherapy (oxaliplatin or cisplatin) to docetaxel may not affect how long people live. People live longer after biological therapy (nivolumab, apatinib or regorafenib) than with placebo treatment. We did not find enough evidence about whether biological therapy increases unwanted effects. People given immunotherapy (pembrolizumab) probably live as long as people given chemotherapy (paclitaxel), but may not have as many unwanted effects as with chemotherapy. Combining chemotherapy with biological therapy probably does not help people live longer than chemotherapy alone, and we are uncertain whether it increases unwanted effects. How reliable are these results? We are moderately confident that chemotherapy probably helps people to live longer than placebo treatment or best supportive care. We are confident that people live longer on biological therapy than placebo treatment. We think more evidence is unlikely to change this result. We are less confident about the results for unwanted effects. Some studies had missing data or did not report these; and in some studies people and their doctors knew which treatment was given, which could have affected the study results. These results are likely to change when more evidence becomes available. Conclusions If advanced stomach or OGJ cancer has not responded to standard chemotherapy, further chemotherapy or biological therapy help people to live longer than placebo treatment, best supportive care, or no treatment. However, chemotherapy is more clearly associated with unwanted effects than biological therapy. We are unsure if biological therapies work better than chemotherapy, but they may cause fewer unwanted effects. Combining chemotherapy and biological therapies may cause more unwanted effects without giving any extra benefit.
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy for surgical resection of hepatocellular carcinoma; Abstract - Background Hepatocellular carcinoma is a disease of great concern. Surgery is the treatment of choice, but there is still a high recurrence rate after resection. Objectives To determine the benefits and harms of neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapies compared to surgery alone or surgery and placebo/supportive therapy after curative resection for operable hepatocellular carcinoma. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials  ( CENTRAL ) in  The Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  Science Citation Index Expanded ,  Chinese Biomedical Database , and  US National Cancer Institute's Physician's Data Query Trials Database  until 2005. References of the identified trials were also searched for identifying further trials. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials that compared hepatocellular carcinoma patients who were given and not given neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy as a supplement to curative liver resection. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted independently by two authors and discrepancies resolved by consensus. The survival and disease‐free survival curves were compared using their one, two, three, four, and five‐year survival rates, median survival times, and the result of the significance tests (P‐values). Main results A total of 12 randomised trials were identified, totaling 843 patients. The size of the randomised clinical trials ranged from 30 to 155 patients. Both preoperative (neoadjuvant) and postoperative (adjuvant), systemic and locoregional (+/‐ embolisation), chemo‐ and immunotherapy interventions were tested. Treatment regimens and patients selected were not comparable, so no pooling was done. Only one regimen using preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolisation with doxorubicin was similar in two trials. Four of the twelve trials reported survival benefit at five years when given adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. Disease‐free survival was reported in nine trials, and the estimated hazard ratios show that disease‐free survival was significant in two trials at five years. These two trials had not shown a survival advantage, but the recurrence was significantly lower in patients given adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. The highest toxicity rate was in a trial using oral 1‐hexylcarbamoyl 5‐fluorouracil which resulted in 12 out of 38 patients being withdrawn from the trial because of adverse events. Authors' conclusions There is no clear evidence for efficacy of any of the adjuvant and neo‐adjuvant protocols reviewed, but there is some evidence to suggest that adjuvant therapy may be beneficial offering prolonged disease‐free survival. In order to detect a realistic treatment advantage, larger trials with lower risk of systematic error will have to be conducted. Plain language summary Not enough evidence to show if anti‐cancer drugs before and after surgery increase survival in liver cell cancer patients Hepatocellular carcinoma, the commonest primary cancer of the liver is the sixth most common cancer in the world. According to the World Health Organization, most cases of hepatocellular carcinoma occur in Asia and Africa, however recent reports suggest that the incidence of primary liver cancer is also increasing in several developed countries, mainly in the Unites States and Europe. In Southeast Asia and Africa, hepatocellular carcinoma is predominantly associated with hepatitis B virus infection, whereas in Western countries and Japan it is associated with infection due to hepatitis C virus. For hepatocellular carcinoma, surgery is the main form of treatment, but it is only possible for a small proportion of those afflicted. Even after curative resection, recurrence is common and is the main cause of death. Adjuvant (that is, chemotherapy after surgery) and neo‐adjuvant therapy (that is, chemotherapy before surgery) are thus attempted to try to improve outcomes. This review sets on to determine the efficacy and adverse events of different neoadjuvant therapies (drug given before) versus adjuvant therapies (drug given after) compared to surgery alone, or surgery and placebo or supportive therapy when given to improve relapse and survival rates for operable hepatocellular carcinoma. A total of 12 randomised trials were identified, totaling 843 patients. The size of the randomised clinical trials ranged from 30 to 155 patients. Nine of the twelve trials reported no survival benefit from adjuvant therapy. Two trials reported a significant difference for survival and four studies for disease‐free survival for the treatment group, but the results of one of the trials on both its groups were very poor when compared to other trials. Two of the trials that did not report any absolute survival advantage reported statistically significant differences in disease‐free survival. The highest toxicity rate was in a trial using oral 1‐hexylcarbamoyl 5‐ fluorouracil which resulted in 12 out of 38 patients being withdrawn from the trial because of adverse events. In conclusion, this review found insufficient evidence to show that adjuvant and neo‐adjuvant therapy increase survival from hepatocellular carcinoma, but there is limited evidence to suggest that neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy may be useful for disease‐free survival.
Interventions for treating tuberculous pericarditis; Abstract - Background Tuberculous pericarditis can impair the heart's function and cause death; long term, it can cause the membrane to fibrose and constrict causing heart failure. In addition to antituberculous chemotherapy, treatments include corticosteroids, drainage, and surgery. Objectives To assess the effects of treatments for tuberculous pericarditis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (27 March 2017); the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), published in the Cochrane Library (2017, Issue 2); MEDLINE (1966 to 27 March 2017); Embase (1974 to 27 March 2017); and LILACS (1982 to 27 March 2017). In addition we searched the metaRegister of Controlled Trials (mRCT) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) search portal using 'tuberculosis' and 'pericard*' as search terms on 27 March 2017. We searched ClinicalTrials.gov and contacted researchers in the field of tuberculous pericarditis. This is a new version of the original 2002 review. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened search outputs, evaluated study eligibility, assessed risk of bias, and extracted data; and we resolved any discrepancies by discussion and consensus. One trial assessed the effects of both corticosteroid and  Mycobacterium indicus pranii  treatment in a two‐by‐two factorial design ;  we excluded data from the group that received both interventions. We conducted fixed‐effect meta‐analysis and assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results Seven trials met the inclusion criteria; all were from sub‐Saharan Africa and included 1959 participants, with 1051/1959 (54%) HIV‐positive. All trials evaluated corticosteroids and one each evaluated colchicine,  M. indicus pranii  immunotherapy, and open surgical drainage. Four trials (1841 participants) were at low risk of bias, and three trials (118 participants) were at high risk of bias. In people who are not infected with HIV, corticosteroids may reduce deaths from all causes (risk ratio (RR) 0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 1.09; 660 participants, 4 trials,  low certainty evidence ) and the need for repeat pericardiocentesis (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.04; 492 participants, 2 trials,  low certainty evidence ). Corticosteroids probably reduce deaths from pericarditis (RR 0.39, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.80; 660 participants, 4 trials,  moderate certainty evidence ). However, we do not know whether or not corticosteroids have an effect on constriction or cancer among HIV‐negative people ( very low certainty evidence ). In people living with HIV, only 19.9% (203/1959) were on antiretroviral drugs. Corticosteroids may reduce constriction (RR 0.55, 0.26 to 1.16; 575 participants, 3 trials,  low certainty evidence ). It is uncertain whether corticosteroids have an effect on all‐cause death or cancer ( very low certainty evidence ); and may have little or no effect on repeat pericardiocentesis (RR 1.02, 0.89 to 1.18; 517 participants, 2 trials,  low certainty evidence ). For colchicine among people living with HIV, we found one small trial (33 participants) which had insufficient data to make any conclusions about any effects on death or constrictive pericarditis. Irrespective of HIV status, due to very low certainty evidence from one trial, it is uncertain whether adding  M. indicus pranii  immunotherapy to antituberculous drugs has an effect on any outcome. Open surgical drainage for effusion may reduce repeat pericardiocentesis In HIV‐negative people (RR 0.23, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.76; 122 participants, 1 trial,  low certainty evidence ) but may make little or no difference to other outcomes. We did not find an eligible trial that assessed the effects of open surgical drainage in people living with HIV. The review authors found no eligible trials that examined the length of antituberculous treatment needed nor the effects of other adjunctive treatments for tuberculous pericarditis. Authors' conclusions For HIV‐negative patients, corticosteroids may reduce death. For HIV‐positive patients not on antiretroviral drugs, corticosteroids may reduce constriction. For HIV‐positive patients with good antiretroviral drug viral suppression, clinicians may consider the results from HIV‐negative patients more relevant. Further research may help evaluate percutaneous drainage of the pericardium under local anaesthesia, the timing of pericardiectomy in tuberculous constrictive pericarditis, and new antibiotic regimens. 2 April 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search All eligible published studies found in the last search (27 Mar, 2017) were included and one ongoing study was identified (see 'Characteristics of ongoing studies' section) Plain language summary Treatment for tuberculosis infection of the membrane around the heart What is the issue? Tuberculosis infection of the pericardium surrounding the heart is uncommon but life‐threatening. What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to assess the effects of treatments for people with tuberculous pericarditis. What is this important? Doctors prescribe antituberculous drugs for six months, drain fluid from the pericardium if the patient has heart failure, and sometimes remove the pericardium if it is thick and making the patient ill and sometimes give corticosteroids to reduce the effects of the inflammation. What are the main results of the review? Cochrane researchers collected and examined all potentially relevant studies and found seven trials, all conducted in sub‐Saharan Africa. Six trials evaluated corticosteroids. Other treatments evaluated included  Mycobacterium indicus pranii  immunotherapy, colchicine, and surgical removal of fluid under general anaesthesia. This review is a new edition of the 2002 review. In people not infected with HIV, six trials found that additional steroids may reduce deaths overall ( low certainty evidence ) and probably reduce deaths caused by pericarditis ( moderate certainty evidence ). Steroids may prevent reaccumulation of fluid in the pericardial space ( low certainty evidence ). However, we do not know whether or not corticosteroids have an effect on constriction or cancer among HIV‐negative people ( very low certainty evidence ). In people living with HIV, most people evaluated in the included trials were not on antiretroviral drugs. For these patients, corticosteroids may reduce constrictive pericarditis ( low certainty evidence ), but we do not know if this translates into a reduction in the number of deaths or cancer ( very low certainty evidence ). Corticosteroids may have little or no effect on reaccumulation of fluid in the pericardial space ( low certainty evidence ). Colchicine was evaluated in one trial of 33 people, with insufficient data to make any conclusions about an effect. Based on one trial, it is uncertain whether adding  M. indicus pranii  immunotherapy to antituberculous drugs has an effect on any outcome in people with tuberculous pericarditis regardless of their HIV status ( very low certainty evidence ). Open surgical drainage of the fluid accumulating between the heart and the membrane using general anaesthesia may be associated with less life‐threatening reaccumulation of fluid in people who are not infected with HIV, but conclusions are not possible as the number of participants studied was too small. We did not find an eligible trial that assessed the effects of open surgical drainage in people living with HIV. The review authors found no eligible trials that examined the length of antituberculous treatment needed nor the effects of other adjunctive treatments for tuberculous pericarditis. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for trials published up to 27 March 2017.
Resection versus other treatments for locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Abstract - Background Pancreatic cancer is an aggressive cancer. Resection of the cancer is the only treatment with the potential to achieve long‐term survival. However, a third of patients with pancreatic cancer have locally advanced cancer involving adjacent structures such as blood vessels which are not usually removed because of fear of increased complications after surgery. Such patients often receive palliative treatment. Resection of the pancreas along with the involved vessels is an alternative to palliative treatment for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Objectives To compare the benefits and harms of surgical resection versus palliative treatment in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2013, Issue 12), MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index Expanded, and trial registers until February 2014. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials comparing pancreatic resection versus palliative treatments for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (irrespective of language or publication status). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and independently extracted the data. We analysed the data with both the fixed‐effect and random‐effects models using Review Manager (RevMan). We calculated the hazard ratio (HR), risk ratio (RR) or mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) based on an intention‐to‐treat analysis. Main results We identified two trials comparing pancreatic resection versus other treatments for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Ninety eight patients were randomised to pancreatic resection (n = 47) or palliative treatment (n = 51) in the two trials included in this review. Both trials were at high risk of bias. Both trials included patients who had locally advanced pancreatic cancer which involved the serosa anteriorly or retroperitoneum posteriorly or involved the blood vessels. Such pancreatic cancers would be considered generally unresectable. One trial included patients with pancreatic cancer in different locations of the pancreas including the head, neck and body (n = 42). The patients allocated to the pancreatic resection group underwent partial pancreatic resection (pancreatoduodenectomy with lymph node clearance or distal pancreatic resection with lymph node clearance) in this trial; the control group received palliative treatment with chemoradiotherapy. In the other trial, only patients with cancer in the head or neck of the pancreas were included (n = 56). The patients allocated to the pancreatic resection group underwent en bloc total pancreatectomy with splenectomy and vascular reconstruction in this trial; the control group underwent palliative bypass surgery with chemoimmunotherapy. The pancreatic resection group had lower mortality than the palliative treatment group (HR 0.38; 95% CI 0.25 to 0.58, very low quality evidence). Both trials followed the survivors up to at least five years. There were no survivors at two years in the palliative treatment group in either trial. Approximately 40% of the patients who underwent pancreatic resection were alive in the pancreatic resection group at the end of three years. This difference in survival was statistically significant (RR 22.68; 95% CI 3.15 to 163.22). The difference persisted at five years of follow‐up (RR 8.65; 95% CI 1.12 to 66.89). Neither trial reported severe adverse events but it is likely that a significant proportion of patients suffered from severe adverse events in both groups. The overall peri‐operative mortality in the resection group in the two trials was 2.5%. None of the trials reported quality of life. The estimated difference in the length of total hospital stay (which included all admissions of the patient related to the treatment) between the two groups was imprecise (MD ‐23.00 days; 95% CI ‐59.05 to 13.05, very low quality evidence). The total treatment costs were significantly lower in the pancreatic resection group than the palliative treatment group (MD ‐10.70 thousand USD; 95% CI ‐14.11 to ‐7.29, very low quality evidence). Authors' conclusions There is very low quality evidence that pancreatic resection increases survival and decreases costs compared to palliative treatments for selected patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer and venous involvement. When sufficient expertise is available, pancreatic resection could be considered for selected patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer who are willing to accept the potentially increased morbidity associated with the procedure. Further randomised controlled trials are necessary to increase confidence in the estimate of effect and to assess the quality of life of patients and the cost‐effectiveness of pancreatic resection versus palliative treatment for locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Plain language summary Surgical removal of part of the pancreas and other tissues versus other treatments for patients with pancreatic cancer which invades the surrounding structures Background The pancreas is an organ in the abdomen which secretes digestive juices for the digestion of food. It also harbours the insulin secreting cells which maintain the blood sugar levels. Pancreatic cancer is an aggressive cancer. Surgery to remove the cancer improves survival. However, a third of patients with pancreatic cancer have locally advanced cancer involving major blood vessels which are not usually removed because of the fear of increased complications after surgery. Such patients receive palliative treatment. Resection (removing part of an organ) of the pancreas has been suggested as an alternative to palliative treatment for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. However, in this group of patients the benefits and harms of surgical resection versus other treatments are not clear. We set out to answer this question by performing a thorough search of the literature for studies which compared surgical removal with palliative treatments. We included only randomised controlled trials, studies which, if designed appropriately, can help avoid arriving at wrong conclusions. We searched the literature for all studies reported until December 2013. Two authors independently assessed the trials for inclusion and independently extracted data to minimise errors. Characteristics of studies We identified two trials comparing surgical removal of the pancreas versus other treatments for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Ninety eight patients were included in these two trials. Forty seven patients received surgery while the remaining patients received palliative treatment. The choice of who received surgery and who received other treatments was decided by a method similar to the toss of a fair coin. Main results Approximately 97% of patients who underwent cancer removal surgery survived the surgery in the two trials. The patients who received surgery were twice as likely to live as those who received other treatments. The survivors were followed until at least five years. There were no survivors at two years in the palliative treatment group while approximately 40% of the patients who underwent surgical removal were alive at the end of three years. This difference in survival was statistically significant. The studies did not report the complications related to surgery although it is likely that a significant proportion of patients suffered from complications in both groups. None of the trials reported quality of life. There was no evidence of any difference in the length of total hospital stay (which included all admissions of a patient related to the treatment) between the two groups. The total treatment costs were significantly lower in the surgical removal group (by about USD 10,000) than in the palliative treatment group in the trial conducted in Japan. There was no information about the costs in the other trial, which was conducted in Greece. Quality of evidence Overall, the trials were at high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions). This was because it was not clear how the randomisation was performed, whether the people assessing the outcomes were aware of the group to which the participants belonged, and whether all participants were included in the analysis. The overall quality of evidence was very low as the trials were at high risk of bias and there were few trials to assess whether only studies with negative results were published. Conclusions There is very low quality evidence that surgical resection increases survival and decreases costs compared to palliative treatments for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer with involvement of veins. In selected patients pancreatic resection could be considered for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer who are willing to accept the potentially increased complications associated with the surgical procedure and when sufficient expertise is available. Future research Further randomised controlled trials are necessary to obtain more precise results and to assess the quality of life of patients and the value for money of surgical removal versus other treatments for locally advanced pancreatic cancer.
Chemoimmunotherapy versus chemotherapy for metastatic malignant melanoma; Reason for withdrawal from publication The Cochrane Skin Group made the decision to allow another team to incorporate the subject of this review into the protocol that they were writing in order to update another review that has been out of date for some years. We feel it makes clinical sense to combine these two reviews. This review is being withdrawn as it has been updated by incorporation into another broader Cochrane review 'Systemic treatments for metastatic cutaneous melanoma'. The citation for the new review is as follows: Pasquali S, Hadjinicolaou AV, Chiarion Sileni V, Rossi CR, Mocellin S. Systemic treatments for metastatic cutaneous melanoma. Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2018, Issue 2. Art. No.: CD011123. DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD011123.pub2. The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Systemic treatments for metastatic cutaneous melanoma; Abstract - Background The prognosis of people with metastatic cutaneous melanoma, a skin cancer, is generally poor. Recently, new classes of drugs (e.g. immune checkpoint inhibitors and small‐molecule targeted drugs) have significantly improved patient prognosis, which has drastically changed the landscape of melanoma therapeutic management. This is an update of a Cochrane Review published in 2000. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of systemic treatments for metastatic cutaneous melanoma. Search methods We searched the following databases up to October 2017: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers and the ASCO database in February 2017, and checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Selection criteria We considered RCTs of systemic therapies for people with unresectable lymph node metastasis and distant metastatic cutaneous melanoma compared to any other treatment. We checked the reference lists of selected articles to identify further references to relevant trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors extracted data, and a third review author independently verified extracted data. We implemented a network meta‐analysis approach to make indirect comparisons and rank treatments according to their effectiveness (as measured by the impact on survival) and harm (as measured by occurrence of high‐grade toxicity). The same two review authors independently assessed the risk of bias of eligible studies according to Cochrane standards and assessed evidence quality based on the GRADE criteria. Main results We included 122 RCTs (28,561 participants). Of these, 83 RCTs, encompassing 21 different comparisons, were included in meta‐analyses. Included participants were men and women with a mean age of 57.5 years who were recruited from hospital settings. Twenty‐nine studies included people whose cancer had spread to their brains. Interventions were categorised into five groups: conventional chemotherapy (including single agent and polychemotherapy), biochemotherapy (combining chemotherapy with cytokines such as interleukin‐2 and interferon‐alpha), immune checkpoint inhibitors (such as anti‐CTLA4 and anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies), small‐molecule targeted drugs used for melanomas with specific gene changes (such as BRAF inhibitors and MEK inhibitors), and other agents (such as anti‐angiogenic drugs). Most interventions were compared with chemotherapy. In many cases, trials were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies producing the tested drug: this was especially true for new classes of drugs, such as immune checkpoint inhibitors and small‐molecule targeted drugs. When compared to single agent chemotherapy, the combination of multiple chemotherapeutic agents (polychemotherapy) did not translate into significantly better survival (overall survival: HR 0.99, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.16, 6 studies, 594 participants; high‐quality evidence; progression‐free survival: HR 1.07, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.25, 5 studies, 398 participants; high‐quality evidence. Those who received combined treatment are probably burdened by higher toxicity rates (RR 1.97, 95% CI 1.44 to 2.71, 3 studies, 390 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). (We defined toxicity as the occurrence of grade 3 (G3) or higher adverse events according to the World Health Organization scale.) Compared to chemotherapy, biochemotherapy (chemotherapy combined with both interferon‐alpha and interleukin‐2) improved progression‐free survival (HR 0.90, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.99, 6 studies, 964 participants; high‐quality evidence), but did not significantly improve overall survival (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.06, 7 studies, 1317 participants; high‐quality evidence). Biochemotherapy had higher toxicity rates (RR 1.35, 95% CI 1.14 to 1.61, 2 studies, 631 participants; high‐quality evidence). With regard to immune checkpoint inhibitors, anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies plus chemotherapy probably increased the chance of progression‐free survival compared to chemotherapy alone (HR 0.76, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.92, 1 study, 502 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), but may not significantly improve overall survival (HR 0.81, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.01, 2 studies, 1157 participants; low‐quality evidence). Compared to chemotherapy alone, anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies is likely to be associated with higher toxicity rates (RR 1.69, 95% CI 1.19 to 2.42, 2 studies, 1142 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Compared to chemotherapy, anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies (immune checkpoint inhibitors) improved overall survival (HR 0.42, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.48, 1 study, 418 participants; high‐quality evidence) and probably improved progression‐free survival (HR 0.49, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.61, 2 studies, 957 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies may also result in less toxicity than chemotherapy (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.97, 3 studies, 1360 participants; low‐quality evidence). Anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies performed better than anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies in terms of overall survival (HR 0.63, 95% CI 0.60 to 0.66, 1 study, 764 participants; high‐quality evidence) and progression‐free survival (HR 0.54, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.60, 2 studies, 1465 participants; high‐quality evidence). Anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies may result in better toxicity outcomes than anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.91, 2 studies, 1465 participants; low‐quality evidence). Compared to anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies alone, the combination of anti‐CTLA4 plus anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies was associated with better progression‐free survival (HR 0.40, 95% CI 0.35 to 0.46, 2 studies, 738 participants; high‐quality evidence). There may be no significant difference in toxicity outcomes (RR 1.57, 95% CI 0.85 to 2.92, 2 studies, 764 participants; low‐quality evidence) (no data for overall survival were available). The class of small‐molecule targeted drugs, BRAF inhibitors (which are active exclusively against BRAF‐mutated melanoma), performed better than chemotherapy in terms of overall survival (HR 0.40, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.57, 2 studies, 925 participants; high‐quality evidence) and progression‐free survival (HR 0.27, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.34, 2 studies, 925 participants; high‐quality evidence), and there may be no significant difference in toxicity (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.48 to 3.33, 2 studies, 408 participants; low‐quality evidence). Compared to chemotherapy, MEK inhibitors (which are active exclusively against BRAF‐mutated melanoma) may not significantly improve overall survival (HR 0.85, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.25, 3 studies, 496 participants; low‐quality evidence), but they probably lead to better progression‐free survival (HR 0.58, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.80, 3 studies, 496 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). However, MEK inhibitors probably have higher toxicity rates (RR 1.61, 95% CI 1.08 to 2.41, 1 study, 91 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Compared to BRAF inhibitors, the combination of BRAF plus MEK inhibitors was associated with better overall survival (HR 0.70, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.82, 4 studies, 1784 participants; high‐quality evidence). BRAF plus MEK inhibitors was also probably better in terms of progression‐free survival (HR 0.56, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.71, 4 studies, 1784 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), and there appears likely to be no significant difference in toxicity (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.20, 4 studies, 1774 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Compared to chemotherapy, the combination of chemotherapy plus anti‐angiogenic drugs was probably associated with better overall survival (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.81; moderate‐quality evidence) and progression‐free survival (HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.92; moderate‐quality evidence). There may be no difference in terms of toxicity (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.09 to 5.32; low‐quality evidence). All results for this comparison were based on 324 participants from 2 studies. Network meta‐analysis focused on chemotherapy as the common comparator and currently approved treatments for which high‐ to moderate‐quality evidence of efficacy (as represented by treatment effect on progression‐free survival) was available (based on the above results) for: biochemotherapy (with both interferon‐alpha and interleukin‐2); anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies; anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies; anti‐CTLA4 plus anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies; BRAF inhibitors; MEK inhibitors, and BRAF plus MEK inhibitors. Analysis (which included 19 RCTs and 7632 participants) generated 21 indirect comparisons. The best evidence (moderate‐quality evidence) for progression‐free survival was found for the following indirect comparisons: • both combinations of immune checkpoint inhibitors (HR 0.30, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.51) and small‐molecule targeted drugs (HR 0.17, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.26) probably improved progression‐free survival compared to chemotherapy; • both BRAF inhibitors (HR 0.40, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.68) and combinations of small‐molecule targeted drugs (HR 0.22, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.39) were probably associated with better progression‐free survival compared to anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies; • biochemotherapy (HR 2.81, 95% CI 1.76 to 4.51) probably lead to worse progression‐free survival compared to BRAF inhibitors; • the combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs probably improved progression‐free survival (HR 0.38, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.68) compared to anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies; • both biochemotherapy (HR 5.05, 95% CI 3.01 to 8.45) and MEK inhibitors (HR 3.16, 95% CI 1.77 to 5.65) were probably associated with worse progression‐free survival compared to the combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs; and���• biochemotherapy was probably associated with worse progression‐free survival (HR 2.81, 95% CI 1.54 to 5.11) compared to the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors. The best evidence (moderate‐quality evidence) for toxicity was found for the following indirect comparisons: • combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors (RR 3.49, 95% CI 2.12 to 5.77) probably increased toxicity compared to chemotherapy; • combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors probably increased toxicity (RR 2.50, 95% CI 1.20 to 5.20) compared to BRAF inhibitors; • the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors probably increased toxicity (RR 3.83, 95% CI 2.59 to 5.68) compared to anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies; and • biochemotherapy was probably associated with lower toxicity (RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.24 to 0.71) compared to the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors. Network meta‐analysis‐based ranking suggested that the combination of BRAF plus MEK inhibitors is the most effective strategy in terms of progression‐free survival, whereas anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies are associated with the lowest toxicity. Overall, the risk of bias of the included trials can be considered as limited. When considering the 122 trials included in this review and the seven types of bias we assessed, we performed 854 evaluations only seven of which (< 1%) assigned high risk to six trials. Authors' conclusions We found high‐quality evidence that many treatments offer better efficacy than chemotherapy, especially recently implemented treatments, such as small‐molecule targeted drugs, which are used to treat melanoma with specific gene mutations. Compared with chemotherapy, biochemotherapy (in this case, chemotherapy combined with both interferon‐alpha and interleukin‐2) and BRAF inhibitors improved progression‐free survival; BRAF inhibitors (for BRAF‐mutated melanoma) and anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies improved overall survival. However, there was no difference between polychemotherapy and monochemotherapy in terms of achieving progression‐free survival and overall survival. Biochemotherapy did not significantly improve overall survival and has higher toxicity rates compared with chemotherapy. There was some evidence that combined treatments worked better than single treatments: anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies, alone or with anti‐CTLA4, improved progression‐free survival compared with anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies alone. Anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies performed better than anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies in terms of overall survival, and a combination of BRAF plus MEK inhibitors was associated with better overall survival for BRAF‐mutated melanoma, compared to BRAF inhibitors alone. The combination of BRAF plus MEK inhibitors (which can only be administered to people with BRAF‐mutated melanoma) appeared to be the most effective treatment (based on results for progression‐free survival), whereas anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies appeared to be the least toxic, and most acceptable, treatment. Evidence quality was reduced due to imprecision, between‐study heterogeneity, and substandard reporting of trials. Future research should ensure that those diminishing influences are addressed. Clinical areas of future investigation should include the longer‐term effect of new therapeutic agents (i.e. immune checkpoint inhibitors and targeted therapies) on overall survival, as well as the combination of drugs used in melanoma treatment; research should also investigate the potential influence of biomarkers. Plain language summary Systemic treatments (tablets or injections) taken for metastatic melanoma (expanded from its starting point to other parts of the body) Background Melanoma is the most dangerous common skin cancer. Early diagnosis offers the best chance of cure. People affected by early stage melanoma represent about 70% to 80% of all those with melanoma and can be treated by surgical removal of the original tumour (known as the primary tumour). However, when a primary melanoma is detected at a later stage, there is a risk of disease spreading to the nearest lymph nodes (glands that are part of the body's immune system) and distant sites, such as the lungs, liver, bone and brain. In this case, systemic chemotherapy (giving drugs that kill cells throughout the body) and biochemotherapy (chemotherapy combined with substances that can improve the immune response, known as immunostimulating cytokines, such as interleukin‐2 and interferon‐alpha) have been the main treatments for over three decades. However, only few people experience spontaneous (i.e. not resulting from therapy) regression of the primary tumour. Over the past few years, new classes of drugs have been used with promising results. We aimed to look at how new systemic treatments compare with older therapies, as well as with each other, in terms of survival, acceptability, tumour response, and quality of life. We assessed these outcomes in people with metastatic melanoma (AJCC TNM stage IV). Review question We aimed to assess the effects of systemic treatments for people with metastatic cutaneous melanoma (melanoma of skin tissue). We searched for relevant trials up to October 2017 and included 122 studies. We summarised the results of melanoma treatments (delivered systemically), such as conventional chemotherapy, biochemotherapy, as well as newer drug classes, such as immune checkpoint inhibitors (anti‐CTLA4 and anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies, which increase the anti‐tumour activity of the immune system), small‐molecule targeted drugs (BRAF inhibitors, which are used only for melanomas containing specific BRAF gene mutations that promote tumour progression, and MEK inhibitors, which work on the same molecular pathway), and anti‐angiogenic drugs (which reduce blood supply to cancer cells). We compared these treatments with conventional chemotherapy. Study characteristics All 122 studies were randomised controlled trials that enrolled participants with metastatic cutaneous melanoma and compared different systemic treatments (28,561 participants). Study participants were adults of either sex, with a mean age of 57.5 years. There were 29 studies that included people whose cancer had spread to the brain, which is important because the detection and treatment of brain metastases often present unique challenges. Most treatments were compared with chemotherapy, and all studies were set in hospitals. Frequently, the pharmaceutical company who produced a tested drug also sponsored the study in which it was assessed, especially in the case of new classes of drugs, such as immune checkpoint inhibitors and small‐molecule targeted drugs. Key results Compared to conventional chemotherapy, several treatments can improve the progression‐free survival of people with metastatic melanoma. These include biochemotherapy (high‐quality evidence), anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies plus chemotherapy (moderate‐quality evidence), anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies (moderate‐quality evidence), BRAF inhibitors (high‐quality evidence), MEK inhibitors (moderate‐quality evidence), and anti‐angiogenic drugs (moderate‐quality evidence). However, no difference was found for use of a combination of several chemotherapy agents (polychemotherapy) (high‐quality evidence). Moreover, the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors (anti‐PD1 plus anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies) performed better than anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies alone (high‐quality evidence), but anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies performed better than anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies (high‐quality evidence). The combination of small‐molecule inhibitors (BRAF plus MEK inhibitors) lead to better results than BRAF inhibitors alone (moderate‐quality evidence), for people with melanoma that has a BRAF gene change . Anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies improved patients' overall survival compared with either standard chemotherapy (high‐quality evidence) or anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies (high‐quality evidence). Compared to chemotherapy alone, both BRAF inhibitors (high‐quality evidence), and anti‐angiogenic agents combined with chemotherapy (moderate‐quality evidence) also prolong overall survival, but anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies plus chemotherapy (low‐quality evidence), MEK inhibitors (low‐quality evidence), combined multiple chemotherapeutic agents (polychemotherapy) (high‐quality evidence), or biochemotherapy (high‐quality evidence) did not lead to significantly improved overall survival. WE also found that the combination of small‐molecule inhibitors performed better than BRAF inhibitors alone (high‐quality evidence). No data on overall survival were available for anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies alone compared with the combination of anti‐CTLA4 plus anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies. In terms of toxicity (defined as occurrence of high‐grade side effects), biochemotherapy (high‐quality evidence), anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies (moderate‐quality evidence), polychemotherapy (moderate‐quality evidence), and MEK inhibitors (moderate‐quality evidence) were associated with worse toxicity compared to chemotherapy. In contrast, anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies appear to be better tolerated than chemotherapy alone. Anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies also appeared to be better tolerated than anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies. However, evidence quality supporting these findings was assessed as low. Furthermore, the frequency of side effects did not differ significantly between anti‐PD1 plus anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies versus anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies alone (low‐quality evidence), anti‐angiogenic drugs combined with chemotherapy versus chemotherapy (low‐quality evidence), BRAF inhibitors versus chemotherapy (low‐quality evidence), and BRAF plus MEK inhibitors versus BRAF inhibitors alone (moderate‐quality evidence). We also conducted an analysis that compared treatments that had not been directly compared in a study. This is known as a network meta‐analysis. For the outcome of progression‐free survival, looking at only the best evidence available, we found the following results (please note that because the highest quality level was moderate, the following results can only be deemed probable): • both combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors and combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs were favoured compared to chemotherapy; • both BRAF inhibitors and combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs were favoured compared to anti‐CTLA4 monoclonal antibodies; • biochemotherapy led to less favourable results than BRAF inhibitors; • the combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs was favoured compared to anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies; • both biochemotherapy and MEK inhibitors led to less favourable results than the combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs; and • biochemotherapy led to less favourable results than the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors For the outcome of toxicity, looking at only the best evidence available, we found the following results (again, evidence quality was no higher than moderate): • combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors led to less favourable results than chemotherapy; • combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors led to less favourable results than BRAF inhibitors; • the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors led to less favourable results than anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies; and • biochemotherapy was favoured compared to the combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors. Our results suggest that the combination of small‐molecule targeted drugs (BRAF plus MEK inhibitors) is the most effective treatment strategy, for people with melanoma that has a BRAF gene change, at least in terms of progression‐free survival; however, this combination therapy is burdened by a higher rate of severe toxicity compared to effects observed among people treated with anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies, which can be used in all melanoma types, and rank highest in terms of tolerability. These results need long‐term analysis from randomised trials to be confirmed, with special attention to effects on patients' overall survival. Quality of the evidence GRADE findings showed that most evidence was high‐ to moderate‐quality for three (overall survival, progression‐free survival and tumour response) out of four outcomes (toxicity). Evidence quality was reduced due to small numbers of participants in some comparisons, differences between the studies, and poor reporting of trials.
Topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers for treating seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Seasonal/perennial allergic conjunctivitis is the most common allergic conjunctivitis, usually with acute manifestations when a person is exposed to allergens and with typical signs and symptoms including itching, redness, and tearing. The clinical signs and symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis are mediated by the release of histamine by mast cells. Histamine antagonists (also called antihistamines) inhibit the action of histamine by blocking histamine H1 receptors, antagonising the vasoconstrictor, and to a lesser extent, the vasodilator effects of histamine. Mast cell stabilisers inhibit degranulation and consequently the release of histamine by interrupting the normal chain of intracellular signals.    Topical treatments include eye drops with antihistamines, mast cell stabilisers, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, combinations of the previous treatments, and corticosteroids. Standard treatment is based on topical antihistamines alone or topical mast cell stabilisers alone or a combination of treatments. There is clinical uncertainty about the relative efficacy and safety of topical treatment. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, for use in treating seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2014, Issue 7), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process and Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Ovid OLDMEDLINE (January 1946 to July 2014), EMBASE (January 1980 to July 2014), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 17 July 2014. We also searched the reference lists of review articles and relevant trial reports for details of further relevant publications. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing topical antihistamine and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, with placebo, no treatment or to any other antihistamine or mast cell stabiliser, or both, that examined people with seasonal or perennial allergic conjunctivitis, or both. The primary outcome was any participant‐reported evaluation (by questionnaire) of severity of four main ocular symptoms: itching, irritation, watering eye (tearing), and photophobia (dislike of light), both separately and, if possible, by an overall symptom score. We considered any follow‐up time between one week and one year. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Disagreements were resolved by discussion among review authors and the involvement of a third review author. We followed standard methodological approaches used by Cochrane. Main results We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one RCT: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine, levocabastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, combination of levocabastine and pemirolast potassium. The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo (nine studies). We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short‐term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. Meta‐analysis was only possible in one comparison (olopatadine versus ketotifen). There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical antihistamine and mast cell stabilisers treatment. Authors' conclusions It seems that all reported topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long‐term data on their efficacy. Direct comparisons of different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers need to be interpreted with caution. Overall, topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated. We observed a large variability in outcomes reported. Poor quality of reporting challenged the synthesis of evidence. Plain language summary Topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers for treating seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis Review question   Are treatments with eye drops of antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, effective and safe in people with seasonal and allergic conjunctivitis? The main outcome measure was eye symptoms reported by participants, including eye itching, irritation (burning sensation), watering eyes (tearing), and photophobia (dislike of light). We found 30 trials. Background   Conjunctivitis refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva, which is the thin tissue that covers the sclera (white part of the eye). Seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis is the most common type of allergic conjunctivitis. Although this condition does not cause sight loss, it can cause intense itching and eye watering. Eye drops with antihistamines or mast cell stabilisers, or both are commonly used. Study characteristics   The evidence is current to July 2014. Among the 30 studies reviewed there were 17 different comparisons, including 4344 participants ranging in age between 4 and 85 years. The duration of treatment ranged from one to eight weeks. Ten out of 30 studies were funded by the drug manufacturer (8 totally and 2 partially funded); 20 studies did not report any source of funding. There was inconsistency in the way the effect of treatment was measured and reported. Overall risk of bias was low. Key results   Topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, are safe and effective for reducing symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis. We found insufficient evidence to discern which topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers are the most effective.
Neoadjuvant treatment for stage III and IV cutaneous melanoma; Abstract - Background Cutaneous melanoma is amongst the most aggressive of all skin cancers. Neoadjuvant treatment is a form of induction therapy, given to shrink a cancerous tumour prior to the main treatment (usually surgery). The purpose is to improve survival and surgical outcomes. This review systematically appraises the literature investigating the use of neoadjuvant treatment for stage III and IV cutaneous melanoma. Objectives To assess the effects of neoadjuvant treatment in adults with stage III or stage IV melanoma according to the seventh edition American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) staging system. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 10 August 2021 inclusive: Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS and four trials registers, together with reference checking and contact with study authors to identify additional studies. We also handsearched proceedings from specific conferences from 2016 to 2020 inclusive. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with stage III and IV melanoma, comparing neoadjuvant treatment strategies (using targeted treatments, immunotherapies, radiotherapy, topical treatments or chemotherapy) with any of these agents or current standard of care (SOC), were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Primary outcomes were overall survival (OS) and adverse effects (AEs). Secondary outcomes included time to recurrence (TTR), quality of life (QOL), and overall response rate (ORR). We used GRADE to evaluate the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included eight RCTs involving 402 participants. Studies enrolled adults, mostly with stage III melanoma, investigated immunotherapies, chemotherapy, or targeted treatments, and compared these with surgical excision with or without adjuvant treatment. Duration of follow‐up and therapeutic regimens varied, which, combined with heterogeneity in the population and definitions of the endpoints, precluded meta‐analysis of all identified studies. We performed a meta‐analysis including three studies. We are very uncertain if neoadjuvant treatment increases OS when compared to no neoadjuvant treatment (hazard ratio (HR) 0.43, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.15 to 1.21; 2 studies, 171 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Neoadjuvant treatment may increase the rate of AEs, but the evidence is very uncertain (26% versus 16%, risk ratio (RR) 1.58, 95% CI 0.97 to 2.55; 2 studies, 162 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We are very uncertain if neoadjuvant treatment increases TTR (HR 0.51, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.17; 2 studies, 171 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Studies did not report ORR as a comparative outcome or measure QOL data. We are very uncertain whether neoadjuvant targeted treatment with dabrafenib and trametinib increases OS (HR 0.28, 95% CI 0.03 to 2.25; 1 study, 21 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) or TTR (HR 0.02, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.22; 1 study, 21 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) when compared to surgery. The study did not report comparative rates of AEs and overall response, and did not measure QOL. We are very uncertain if neoadjuvant immunotherapy with talimogene laherparepvec increases OS when compared to no neoadjuvant treatment (HR 0.49, 95% CI 0.15 to 1.64; 1 study, 150 participants, very low‐certainty evidence). It may have a higher rate of AEs, but the evidence is very uncertain (16.5% versus 5.8%, RR 2.84, 95% CI 0.96 to 8.37; 1 study, 142 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We are very uncertain if it increases TTR (HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.79; 1 study, 150 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). The study did not report comparative ORRs or measure QOL. OS was not reported for neoadjuvant immunotherapy (combined ipilimumab and nivolumab) when compared to the combination of ipilimumab and nivolumab as adjuvant treatment. There may be little or no difference in the rate of AEs between these treatments (9%, RR 1.0, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.34; 1 study, 20 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The study did not report comparative ORRs or measure TTR and QOL. Neoadjuvant immunotherapy (combined ipilimumab and nivolumab) likely results in little to no difference in OS when compared to neoadjuvant nivolumab monotherapy (P = 0.18; 1 study, 23 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). It may increase the rate of AEs, but the certainty of this evidence is very low (72.8% versus 8.3%, RR 8.73, 95% CI 1.29 to 59; 1 study, 23 participants); this trial was halted early due to observation of disease progression preventing surgical resection in the monotherapy arm and the high rate of treatment‐related AEs in the combination arm. Neoadjuvant combination treatment may lead to higher ORR, but the evidence is very uncertain (72.8% versus 25%, RR 2.91, 95% CI 1.02 to 8.27; 1 study, 23 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). It likely results in little to no difference in TTR (P = 0.19; 1 study, 23 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The study did not measure QOL. OS was not reported for neoadjuvant immunotherapy (combined ipilimumab and nivolumab) when compared to neoadjuvant sequential immunotherapy (ipilimumab then nivolumab). Only Grade 3 to 4 immune‐related AEs were reported; fewer were reported with combination treatment, and the sequential treatment arm closed early due to a high incidence of severe AEs. The neoadjuvant combination likely results in a higher ORR compared to sequential neoadjuvant treatment (60.1% versus 42.3%, RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.87 to 2.32; 1 study, 86 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The study did not measure TTR and QOL. No data were reported on OS, AEs, TTR, or QOL for the comparison of neoadjuvant interferon (HDI) plus chemotherapy versus neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Neoadjuvant HDI plus chemotherapy may have little to no effect on ORR, but the evidence is very uncertain (33% versus 22%, RR 1.75, 95% CI 0.62 to 4.95; 1 study, 36 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions We are uncertain if neoadjuvant treatment increases OS or TTR compared with no neoadjuvant treatment, and it may be associated with a slightly higher rate of AEs. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of neoadjuvant treatment in clinical practice. Priorities for research include the development of a core outcome set for neoadjuvant trials that are adequately powered, with validation of pathological and radiological responses as intermediate endpoints, to investigate the relative benefits of neoadjuvant treatment compared with adjuvant treatment with immunotherapies or targeted therapies. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of neoadjuvant treatment (drug treatment prior to surgery to remove a tumour) for melanoma, a type of skin cancer? What did we want to find out? Cutaneous melanoma is a very aggressive form of skin cancer. It is generally fatal if detected at an advanced stage. Earlier treatment may allow for surgical removal of the tumour and an improved chance of long‐term survival. Neoadjuvant treatment is drug treatment administered before surgery, to reduce the tumour size so that it is easier to remove, to reduce complications of surgery, and to reduce the risk of spread of the disease. New drug types, immunotherapies and targeted treatments, have been developed which may be effective for neoadjuvant use. We wanted to find out if neoadjuvant treatment of stage III or IV melanoma helps people live longer, and to compare adverse (unwanted) effects with neoadjuvant treatment and routine care. What did we do? We searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials that compared certain types of treatments for melanoma skin cancer. The types of treatment included are: ‐ targeted treatments ‐ such as dabrafenib and trametinib; ‐ immunotherapies ‐ such as ipilimumab and nivolumab; ‐ chemotherapy ‐ such as dacarbazine and temozolomide; ‐ topical treatments ‐ such as imiquimod; ‐ radiotherapy. We considered both single‐drug and combination‐drug treatments. We described and compared the results from these studies, taking into account the differences between the studies. What did we find? We identified eight randomised controlled trials that included 402 adults. The majority of people had stage III melanoma and were treated in hospital. Most studies used immunotherapies or targeted treatments, and compared these with surgery, with or without adjuvant treatment (treatment given after surgery to remove the tumour, to reduce the risk of the tumour coming back). No studies considered the impact of treatment on quality of life, and most studies did not compare tumour response rates after different treatments. We are uncertain whether neoadjuvant treatment helps people live longer when compared with no neoadjuvant treatment. It may lead to more adverse events, and we are uncertain if it increases the time until the tumour comes back. We are uncertain whether neoadjuvant targeted treatment with dabrafenib and trametinib helps people live longer, compared with no neoadjuvant treatment, or if it can increase the time until the tumour comes back. The study did not compare safety outcomes with each treatment. We are uncertain if neoadjuvant immunotherapy with talimogene laherparepvec (T‐VEC) helps people live longer when compared with no neoadjuvant treatment. It may lead to more adverse events. We are uncertain if it increases the time until the tumour comes back. No data were reported on whether neoadjuvant immunotherapy with combined ipilimumab and nivolumab helps people live longer, when compared with adjuvant (treatment given only after surgery) combined ipilimumab and nivolumab. There may be little or no difference in the rate of adverse events. No data were reported on whether neoadjuvant immunotherapy with combined ipilimumab and nivolumab increases the time until the tumour comes back. Neoadjuvant combination of ipilimumab and nivolumab likely results in little or no difference in how long people live, when compared with neoadjuvant nivolumab. It may increase the rate of adverse events, but our confidence in the evidence is very low. It is worth noting that this trial was stopped early as patients in the neoadjuvant nivolumab arm may not be able to receive surgery due to disease progression and also because of a high rate of treatment‐related adverse events in the combination treatment arm. Combination treatment may lead to higher tumour response rates, but our confidence in the evidence is very low. The time until the tumour comes back may not be different. No data were available on whether neoadjuvant immunotherapy with combined ipilimumab and nivolumab helps people live longer, when compared with neoadjuvant sequential treatment with ipilimumab and nivolumab. It likely results in fewer adverse events compared to sequential treatment, and may result in higher tumour response rates. The sequential treatment arm of the trial stopped recruiting patients due to a high incidence of severe AEs. Data on the time taken for the tumour to return were not collected. No data were reported on whether neoadjuvant high‐dose interferon plus chemotherapy, when compared to neoadjuvant chemotherapy, can help people live longer, increase the time taken for the tumour to reoccur, reduce adverse events, or impact quality of life. It may have little to no effect on tumour response rates. What does this mean? We are uncertain if neoadjuvant treatment of stage III or IV melanoma will help people to live longer, or to have more time before the disease recurs. We are also uncertain if the benefits of neoadjuvant treatment outweigh the risks of adverse events. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to August 2021.
Cytoreductive nephrectomy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Abstract - Background Nephrectomy is the surgical removal of all or part of a kidney. When the aim of nephrectomy is to reduce tumor burden in people with established metastatic disease, the procedure is called cytoreductive nephrectomy (CN). CN is typically combined with systemic anticancer therapy (SACT). SACT can be initiated before or immediately after the operation or deferred until radiological signs of disease progression. The benefits and harms of CN are controversial. Objectives To assess the effects of cytoreductive nephrectomy combined with systemic anticancer therapy versus systemic anticancer therapy alone or watchful waiting in newly diagnosed metastatic renal cell carcinoma. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search in the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, two trial registries, and other gray literature sources up to 1 March 2024. We applied no restrictions on publication language or status. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated SACT and CN versus SACT alone or watchful waiting. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies and extracted data. Primary outcomes were time to death from any cause and quality of life. Secondary outcomes were time to disease progression, treatment response, treatment‐related mortality, discontinuation due to adverse events, and serious adverse events. We performed statistical analyses using a random‐effects model. We rated the certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results Our search identified 10 records of four unique RCTs that informed two comparisons. In this abstract, we focus on the results for the two primary outcomes. Cytoreductive nephrectomy plus systemic anticancer therapy versus systemic anticancer therapy alone Three RCTs informed this comparison. Due to the considerable heterogeneity when pooling across these studies, we decided to present the results of the prespecified subgroup analysis by type of systemic agent. Cytoreductive nephrectomy plus interferon immunotherapy versus interferon immunotherapy alone CN plus interferon immunotherapy compared with interferon immunotherapy alone probably increases time to death from any cause (hazard ratio [HR] 0.68, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.51 to 0.89; I²= 0%; 2 studies, 326 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Assuming 820 all‐cause deaths at two years' follow‐up per 1000 people who receive interferon immunotherapy alone, the effect estimate corresponds to 132 fewer all‐cause deaths (237 fewer to 37 fewer) per 1000 people who receive CN plus interferon immunotherapy. We found no evidence to assess quality of life. Cytoreductive nephrectomy plus tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy versus tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy alone We are very uncertain about the effect of CN plus tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy compared with TKI therapy alone on time to death from any cause (HR 1.11, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.37; 1 study, 450 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Assuming 574 all‐cause deaths at two years' follow‐up per 1000 people who receive TKI therapy alone, the effect estimate corresponds to 38 more all‐cause deaths (38 fewer to 115 more) per 1000 people who receive CN plus TKI therapy. We found no evidence to assess quality of life. Immediate cytoreductive nephrectomy versus deferred cytoreductive nephrectomy One study evaluated CN followed by TKI therapy (immediate CN) versus three cycles of TKI therapy followed by CN (deferred CN). Immediate CN compared with deferred CN may decrease time to death from any cause (HR 1.63, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.53; 1 study, 99 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Assuming 620 all‐cause deaths at two years' follow‐up per 1000 people who receive deferred CN, the effect estimate corresponds to 173 more all‐cause deaths (18 more to 294 more) per 1000 people who receive immediate CN. We found no evidence to assess quality of life. Authors' conclusions CN plus SACT in the form of interferon immunotherapy versus SACT in the form of interferon immunotherapy alone probably increases time to death from any cause. However, we are very uncertain about the effect of CN plus SACT in the form of TKI therapy versus SACT in the form of TKI therapy alone on time to death from any cause. Immediate CN versus deferred CN may decrease time to death from any cause. We found no quality of life data for any of these three comparisons. We also found no evidence to inform any other comparisons, in particular those involving newer immunotherapy agents (programmed death receptor 1 [PD‐1]/programmed death ligand 1 [PD‐L1] immune checkpoint inhibitors), which have become the backbone of SACT for metastatic renal cell carcinoma. There is an urgent need for RCTs that explore the role of CN in the context of contemporary forms of systemic immunotherapy. Plain language summary Effects of kidney removal in combination with medicine in people with kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the body Key messages •  People who have kidney removal surgery after receiving interferon immunotherapy (medicine that helps the immune system fight cancer) probably live longer than those who receive interferon immunotherapy without kidney removal surgery.  •  People who have immediate kidney removal surgery then receive tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy (medicine that identifies and attacks specific types of cancer cells) may live shorter than those who receive tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy before kidney removal surgery.  •  The quality of the included studies is limited, so we have little confidence in most of our findings. What is metastatic renal cell carcinoma? Renal cell carcinoma is a kind of cancer that starts in the kidneys. Metastatic means that the cancer has spread from the kidneys to other parts of the body. What is cytoreductive nephrectomy? Cytoreductive nephrectomy is a surgery to remove one of the kidneys that has cancer. 'Cyto' means cell, 'reductive' means to reduce, and 'nephrectomy' is a term for taking out a kidney. The aim of this surgery is to help get rid of some of the cancer cells and make other treatments more effective. What did we want to find out? Our review question was 'How effective is kidney removal in combination with medicines for people with kidney cancer that has already spread to other parts of the body (outside the kidney) compared with only medicines?' We were mainly interested in the effect of treatment on how long people lived and their quality of life. What did we do? We included only studies that allocated people to one of the treatment groups (cytoreductive nephrectomy plus medicine or medicine alone) at random. Most studies examined the effects of treatment on how long people lived. What did we find? We found four studies that answered our review question. People included in these studies had metastatic kidney cancer that could not be removed completely by surgery, but they were eligible for cytoreductive nephrectomy. We reported the evidence that is most important to doctors and patients. We found that people who have cytoreductive nephrectomy after receiving interferon immunotherapy (medicine that helps the immune system fight cancer) probably live longer than people who receive interferon immunotherapy without cytoreductive nephrectomy. We are very uncertain about the effect of cytoreductive nephrectomy plus tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy (medicine that identifies and attacks specific types of cancer cells) compared with TKI therapy alone on survival. Lastly, immediate surgery followed by TKI therapy compared with delayed surgery after TKI therapy may worsen survival. We found no information on quality of life for any of these three comparisons. We found no studies of surgery combined with newer immunotherapy medicines (called programmed death receptor 1/programmed death ligand 1 immune checkpoint inhibitors), which are now the main medicines used to treat people with metastatic renal cell carcinoma. What are the limitations of the evidence? We have little confidence in the evidence because the people in the studies were aware of which treatment they were getting, and because some results suggested cytoreductive nephrectomy could be either beneficial or harmful. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current to 1 March 2024.
First‐line therapy for adults with advanced renal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Since the approval of tyrosine kinase inhibitors, angiogenesis inhibitors and immune checkpoint inhibitors, the treatment landscape for advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) has changed fundamentally. Today, combined therapies from different drug categories have a firm place in a complex first‐line therapy. Due to the large number of drugs available, it is necessary to identify the most effective therapies, whilst considering their side effects and impact on quality of life (QoL). Objectives To evaluate and compare the benefits and harms of first‐line therapies for adults with advanced RCC, and to produce a clinically relevant ranking of therapies. Secondary objectives were to maintain the currency of the evidence by conducting continuous update searches, using a living systematic review approach, and to incorporate data from clinical study reports (CSRs). Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, conference proceedings and relevant trial registries up until 9 February 2022. We searched several data platforms to identify CSRs. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating at least one targeted therapy or immunotherapy for first‐line treatment of adults with advanced RCC. We excluded trials evaluating only interleukin‐2 versus interferon‐alpha as well as trials with an adjuvant treatment setting. We also excluded trials with adults who received prior systemic anticancer therapy if more than 10% of participants were previously treated, or if data for untreated participants were not separately extractable. Data collection and analysis All necessary review steps (i.e. screening and study selection, data extraction, risk of bias and certainty assessments) were conducted independently by at least two review authors. Our outcomes were overall survival (OS), QoL, serious adverse events (SAEs), progression‐free survival (PFS), adverse events (AEs), the number of participants who discontinued study treatment due to an AE, and the time to initiation of first subsequent therapy. Where possible, analyses were conducted for the different risk groups (favourable, intermediate, poor) according to the International Metastatic Renal‐Cell Carcinoma Database Consortium Score (IMDC) or the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC) criteria. Our main comparator was sunitinib (SUN). A hazard ratio (HR) or risk ratio (RR) lower than 1.0 is in favour of the experimental arm. Main results We included 36 RCTs and 15,177 participants (11,061 males and 4116 females). Risk of bias was predominantly judged as being 'high' or 'some concerns' across most trials and outcomes. This was mainly due to a lack of information about the randomisation process, the blinding of outcome assessors, and methods for outcome measurements and analyses. Additionally, study protocols and statistical analysis plans were rarely available. Here we present the results for our primary outcomes OS, QoL, and SAEs, and for all risk groups combined for contemporary treatments: pembrolizumab + axitinib (PEM+AXI), avelumab + axitinib (AVE+AXI), nivolumab + cabozantinib (NIV+CAB), lenvatinib + pembrolizumab (LEN+PEM), nivolumab + ipilimumab (NIV+IPI), CAB, and pazopanib (PAZ). Results per risk group and results for our secondary outcomes are reported in the summary of findings tables and in the full text of this review. The evidence on other treatments and comparisons can also be found in the full text. Overall survival (OS) Across risk groups, PEM+AXI (HR 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 1.07, moderate certainty) and NIV+IPI (HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.00, moderate certainty) probably improve OS, compared to SUN, respectively. LEN+PEM may improve OS (HR 0.66, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.03, low certainty), compared to SUN. There is probably little or no difference in OS between PAZ and SUN (HR 0.91, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.32, moderate certainty), and we are uncertain whether CAB improves OS when compared to SUN (HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.43 to 1.64, very low certainty). The median survival is 28 months when treated with SUN. Survival may improve to 43 months with LEN+PEM, and probably improves to: 41 months with NIV+IPI, 39 months with PEM+AXI, and 31 months with PAZ. We are uncertain whether survival improves to 34 months with CAB. Comparison data were not available for AVE+AXI and NIV+CAB. Quality of life (QoL) One RCT measured QoL using FACIT‐F (score range 0 to 52; higher scores mean better QoL) and reported that the mean post‐score was 9.00 points higher (9.86 lower to 27.86 higher, very low certainty) with PAZ than with SUN. Comparison data were not available for PEM+AXI, AVE+AXI, NIV+CAB, LEN+PEM, NIV+IPI, and CAB. Serious adverse events (SAEs) Across risk groups, PEM+AXI probably increases slightly the risk for SAEs (RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.85, moderate certainty) compared to SUN. LEN+PEM (RR 1.52, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.19, moderate certainty) and NIV+IPI (RR 1.40, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.97, moderate certainty) probably increase the risk for SAEs, compared to SUN, respectively. There is probably little or no difference in the risk for SAEs between PAZ and SUN (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.31, moderate certainty). We are uncertain whether CAB reduces or increases the risk for SAEs (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.43, very low certainty) when compared to SUN. People have a mean risk of 40% for experiencing SAEs when treated with SUN. The risk increases probably to: 61% with LEN+PEM, 57% with NIV+IPI, and 52% with PEM+AXI. It probably remains at 40% with PAZ. We are uncertain whether the risk reduces to 37% with CAB. Comparison data were not available for AVE+AXI and NIV+CAB. Authors' conclusions Findings concerning the main treatments of interest comes from direct evidence of one trial only, thus results should be interpreted with caution. More trials are needed where these interventions and combinations are compared head‐to‐head, rather than just to SUN. Moreover, assessing the effect of immunotherapies and targeted therapies on different subgroups is essential and studies should focus on assessing and reporting relevant subgroup data. The evidence in this review mostly applies to advanced clear cell RCC. Plain language summary Initial treatment for adults with advanced kidney cancer (renal cell carcinoma) Abbreviations • renal cell carcinoma (RCC) • avelumab (AVE) • axitinib (AXI) • cabozantinib (CAB) • ipilimumab (IPI) • lenvatinib (LEN)) • nivolumab (NIV) • pazopanib (PAZ) • pembrolizumab (PEM) • sunitinib (SUN) Key messages • When making treatment decisions, it is important to think about whether drugs lengthen life, and whether they decrease or increase harmful side effects. • The findings in this review apply mostly to advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) with a clear cell component. What is advanced RCC, and how is it treated? RCC is a type of kidney cancer. It is more common in older people and in men than in women. This is because age (≥60 years) and male sex put people at higher risk of getting it. Other risk factors include body weight, smoking, a history of kidney stones and high blood pressure. More than half of people with RCC discover they have it from routine health check‐ups, because many do not have symptoms in the early stages. When symptoms appear, they can impact people's quality of life and day‐to‐day activities. Before 2005, drugs for treatment of advanced RCC were few and treatments caused many side effects. Now, there are new types of drugs: immunotherapy (use people’s own immune system to find and destroy cancer cells), or targeted therapy (interferes with molecules that are responsible for helping cancer cells to grow, divide, and spread). Combinations of these drugs are used for therapy. With these drugs, people may live longer, with a good quality of life and fewer or milder side effects. These drugs are evaluated in clinical studies with people with RCC. What did we want to find out? We wanted to use the most up‐to‐date information from clinical studies to measure the benefits and harms of different treatments for people with advanced RCC. We also wanted to learn if the drugs worked better for some people than others.  What did we do? We searched for studies that explored different drugs that are immunotherapies or targeted therapies. We examined these in adults (≥18 years) with advanced RCC who receive their first therapy. We compared these drugs to the drug SUN, which is a widely used targeted drug and a commonly used comparator drug in studies. We used a standardised process to assess the quality of the findings and our certainty in them. We rated our certainty in the findings based on factors such as study methods, the number of participants in them, and the precision of study results.  What did we find? We found 36 studies with 4116 women and 11,061 men, around 60 years of age, with advanced RCC. Most people had ≥2 metastatic sites. We found 22 drugs and 17 combinations of drugs that were measured in the studies. We also performed analyses for different risk groups of advanced RCC. We present and discuss our results for the different risk groups, drugs and combinations in the main text of this review, plus further outcomes. Below we present our main results for our primary outcomes, when all risk groups are combined. We focus on selected drugs (and combinations) (PEM+AXI, AVE+AXI, NIV+CAB, LEN+PEM, NIV+IPI, CAB alone, PAZ alone) that are currently recommended in international guidelines for the treatment of advanced RCC. We report their impact on survival, quality of life and serious side effects. How long do people live? People live an average of 28 months when treated with SUN. In comparison, people may live an average of 43 months with LEN+PEM, probably 41 months with NIV+IPI, probably 39 months with PEM+AXI, and probably 31 months with PAZ alone. We are uncertain whether people live an average of 34 months with CAB alone. We do not have information for AVE+AXI and NIV+CAB. How do people rate their quality of life? People who receive PAZ alone reported a higher level of quality of life than people who receive SUN, but we are uncertain about the findings. We do not have information for PEM+AXI, AVE+AXI, NIV+CAB, LEN+PEM, NIV+IPI or CAB alone.  What is people's risk for serious side effects? People who receive SUN have an average risk of 40% for experiencing serious side effects. In comparison, the average risk is probably: 61% with LEN+PEM, 57% with NIV+IPI, 52% with PEM+AXI, and 40% with PAZ. We are uncertain whether the risk is on average 37% with CAB alone. We do not have information for AVE+AXI and NIV+CAB. What are the limitations of the evidence? More studies are needed where these new drugs (and combinations) are not only compared to SUN alone, but also to each other. We lack information on the comparative benefits and harms of these drugs in different people, e.g. when comparing men with women, or different histology types of RCC (e.g. clear cell type, papillary type, sarcomatoid type). How up to date is this evidence? We conducted our last search for studies in February 2022 and incorporated the most recent study results into this review.
Tocilizumab for thyroid eye disease; Abstract - Background Thyroid eye disease (TED) is an autoimmune disorder that constitutes a major clinical and therapeutic challenge. Current treatment options for moderate‐to‐severe TED include immunotherapy, orbital radiotherapy and decompression surgery. Limited drugs of proven efficacy are available for the treatment of people with TED. Given the role in the pathogenesis of TED of interleukin (IL)‐6 expression in adipocytes, fibroblasts and macrophages, the proposed theory is that inhibition of IL‐6 by tocilizumab may be an effective treatment in TED by directly reducing the inflammatory response. In addition, there is an unmet need for a new treatment that can modify the natural course of the disease and reduce the incidence of late complications that can occur as a result of fibrosis following inflammation. Objectives To investigate the efficacy and harms of tocilizumab for the treatment of people with TED. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2018, Issue 6); MEDLINE Ovid; Embase Ovid; LILACS BIREME; OpenGrey; the ISRCTN registry; ClinicalTrials.gov; the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and the EU Clinical Trials Register. The date of the search was 31 July 2018. Selection criteria We searched for trials of tocilizumab administered by intravenous infusion using any dosage regimen, compared with placebo or intravenous glucocorticoid therapy for people with TED. Data collection and analysis We planned to use standard methods recommended by Cochrane. The primary outcome was change in TED score (as defined by investigators). Secondary outcomes included measurement of the following parameters: change in proptosis, change in extraocular motility, change in palpebral aperture measurements, number of relapses, development of optic neuropathy and change in quality of life score. We planned to measure these outcomes at three months (range two to six months) and 12 months (range six to 18 months) post‐treatment. Adverse outcomes included any adverse effects identified in the trials at any time point. Main results No studies met the inclusion criteria of this review. We found one randomised, placebo‐controlled, double masked study (NCT01297699). This study plans to evaluate the efficacy and harms of tocilizumab administration in people with moderate‐to‐severe or sight‐threatening graves' ophthalmopathy (GO), that had not responded adequately to treatment with intravenous corticosteroid pulses. It was completed in December 2015 and will be assessed for inclusion in the review when data become available. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence from randomised controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and harms of tocilizumab for the treatment of people with TED. Plain language summary Tocilizumab for thyroid eye disease What was the aim of this review? The aim of this review was to find out if tocilizumab is helpful for the treatment of thyroid eye disease (TED). Cochrane researchers searched for studies to answer this question and found no relevant studies. Key messages At present, there is no evidence from well‐designed studies to show that tocilizumab works, and has no side effects, for people with TED. What was studied in this review? TED is a common condition. TED is an autoimmune disease which means that a person's own immune system attacks and damages the eye and eye socket (orbit). Current treatments for TED include glucocorticosteroids, radiation and surgery. These treatments may have significant undesirable side effects. Tocilizumab is a drug that suppresses the immune system. It is used to treat other autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis. Tocilizumab has been used to treat people with TED and there are reports that it works. What are the main results of the review? The Cochrane researchers found no completed studies that met the standard to be included in this review. How up‐to‐date is this review? The Cochrane researchers searched for studies published up to 31 July 2018.
Single or combined immune checkpoint inhibitors compared to first‐line platinum‐based chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) targeting the PD‐1/PD‐L1 axis have changed the first‐line treatment of people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Single‐agent pembrolizumab (a PD‐1 inhibitor) is currently the standard of care as monotherapy in patients with PD‐L1 expression ≥ 50%, either alone or in combination with chemotherapy when PD‐L1 expression is less than 50%. Atezolizumab (PD‐L1 inhibitor) has also been approved in combination with chemotherapy and bevacizumab (an anti‐angiogenic antibody) in first‐line NSCLC regardless of PD‐L1 expression. The combination of first‐line PD‐1/PD‐L1 inhibitors with anti‐CTLA‐4 antibodies has also been shown to improve survival compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC, particularly in people with high tumour mutational burden (TMB). The association of ipilimumab (an anti CTLA4) and nivolumab (PD‐1 inhibitor) has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in all patients with PD‐L1 expression ≥1%. Although these antibodies are currently used in clinical practice, some questions remain unanswered, such as the best‐treatment strategy, the role of different biomarkers for treatment selection and the effectiveness of immunotherapy according to specific clinical characteristics. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and safety of first‐line immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), as monotherapy or in combination, compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy, with or without bevacizumab for people with advanced NSCLC, according to the level of PD‐L1 expression. Search methods We performed an electronic search of the main databases (Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, Embase) from inception until 31 December 2020 and conferences meetings from 2015 onwards. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting on the efficacy or safety of first‐line ICI treatment for adults with advanced NSCLC who had not previously received any anticancer treatment. We included trials comparing single‐ or double‐ICI treatment to standard first‐line therapy (platinum‐based chemotherapy +/‐ bevacizumab). All data come from ‘international multicentre studies involving adults, age 18 or over, with histologically‐confirmed stage IV NSCLC. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed the search results and a fourth review author resolved any disagreements. Primary outcomes were overall survival (OS) and progression‐free survival (PFS); secondary outcomes were overall objective response rate (ORR) by RECIST v 1.1, grade 3 to 5 treatment‐related adverse events (AEs) (CTCAE v 5.0) and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL). We performed meta‐analyses where appropriate using the random‐effects model for hazard ratios (HRs) or risk ratios (RRs), with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs), and used the I² statistic to investigate heterogeneity. Main results Main results We identified 15 trials for inclusion, seven completed and eight ongoing trials. We obtained data for 5893 participants from seven trials comparing first‐line single‐ (six trials) or double‐ (two trials) agent ICI with platinum‐based chemotherapy, one trial comparing both first‐line single‐ and double‐agent ICsI with platinum‐based chemotherapy. All trials were at low risk of selection and detection bias, some were classified at high risk of performance, attrition or other source of bias. The overall certainty of evidence according to GRADE ranged from moderate‐to‐low because of risk of bias, inconsistency, or imprecision. The majority of the included trials reported their outcomes by PD‐L1 expressions, with PD‐L1 ≥ 50 being considered the most clinically useful cut‐off level for decision makers. Also, iIn order to avoid overlaps between various PDL‐1 expressions we prioritised the review outcomes according to PD‐L1 ≥ 50. Single‐agent ICI  In the PD‐L1 expression ≥ 50% group single‐agent ICI probably improved OS compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy (hazard ratio (HR) 0.68, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.60 to 0.76, 6 RCTs, 2111 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). In this group, single‐agent ICI also may improve PFS (HR: 0.68, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.88, 5 RCTs, 1886 participants, low‐certainty evidence) and ORR (risk ratio (RR):1.40, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.75, 4 RCTs, 1672 participants, low‐certainty evidence). HRQoL data were available for only one study including only people with PD‐L1 expression ≥ 50%, which suggested that single‐agent ICI may improve HRQoL at 15 weeks compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy (RR: 1.51, 95% CI 1.08 to 2.10, 1 RCT, 297 participants, low‐certainty evidence). In the included studies, treatment‐related AEs were not reported according to PD‐L1 expression levels. Grade 3‐4 AEs may be less frequent with single‐agent ICI compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy (RR: 0.41, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.50, I² = 62%, 5 RCTs, 3346 participants, low‐certainty evidence). More information about efficacy of single‐agent ICI compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy according to the level of PD‐L1 expression and to TMB status or specific clinical characteristics is available in the full text. Double‐agent ICI   Double‐ICI treatment probably prolonged OS compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy in people with PD‐L1 expression ≥50% (HR: 0.72, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.89 2 RCTs, 612 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). Trials did not report data on HRQoL, PFS and ORR according to PD‐L1 groups. Treatment related AEs were not reported according to PD‐L1 expression levels. The frequency of grade 3‐4 AEs may not differ between double‐ICI treatment and platinum‐based chemotherapy (RR: 0.78, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.09, I² = 81%, 2 RCTs, 1869 participants, low‐certainty evidence). More information about efficacy of double‐agent ICI according to the level of PD‐L1 expression and to TMB status is available in the full text. Authors' conclusions Authors' conclusions The evidence in this review suggests that single‐agent ICI in people with NSCLC and PD‐L1 ≥50% probably leads to a higher overall survival rate and may lead to a higher progression‐free survival and overall response rate when compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy and may also lead to a lower rate of adverse events and higher HRQoL. Combined ICI in people with NSCLC and PD‐L1 ≥50% also probably leads to a higher overall survival rate when compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy, but its effect on progression‐free survival, overall response rate and HRQoL is unknown due to a lack of data. The rate of adverse events may not differ between groups. This review used to be a living review. It is transitioned out of living mode because current research is exploring ICI in association with chemotherapy or other immunotherapeutic drugs versus ICI as single agent rather than platinum based chemotherapy. Plain language summary Immunotherapy versus chemotherapy for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer who have not been not previously been treated Review question Is immunotherapy more effective and less toxic than chemotherapy for people diagnosed with non‐small cell lung cancer (a subtype of lung cancer) who have not previously been treated and who are not suitable for curative treatment? Background Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths and non‐small cell lung cancer represent more than 85% of all lung cancer cases. Curative surgery and radiotherapy are not treatment options when the disease is at an advanced stage and until recently these people were offered chemotherapy. Since 2016, immunotherapies (antibodies able to stimulate the immune system against cancer cells) have been shown to improve survival for these patients. Side effects of immunotherapies are mainly inflammation of the tissues caused by the activation of the immune system against different organs, while chemotherapy usually causes a reduction in the white blood cells and red blood cells, hair loss, nausea and vomiting. In this Cochrane Review, we tried to find out how effective and safe immunotherapies (given alone or as combinations) are compared to standard chemotherapy for people with non‐small cell lung cancer who are not suitable for possibly curative treatment. Study characteristics We searched the main databases and records of conference meetings up to 31st December 2020. We included seven studies (5893 participants) comparing immunotherapies (antibodies that interact with specific proteins called immune checkpoints) with chemotherapy for people with non‐small cell lung cancer not previously treated. Key results We reported the results by PD‐L1 levels (a protein produced by the tumour or immune cells and bound by immune checkpoint inhibitors) In people with more than 50% of tumour/immune cells expressing PD‐L1 protein, single immunotherapy might improve survival with fewer side effects. In addition, treatment with combined immunotherapies may improve survival in both people with high expression of PD‐L1 protein.The rate of toxic effects may be the same for people treated with combined immunotherapies or chemotherapy. Certainty of evidence Overall, the certainty of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. Conclusions For people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer with a high expression of PD‐L1 protein, immunotherapies alone or combinations of immunotherapies prolonged life compared to chemotherapy. The frequency of side effects may be lower with the use of immunotherapies alone compared to chemotherapy. The frequency of side effects may not differ between combinations of immunotherapies and chemotherapy.
Pembrolizumab monotherapy versus chemotherapy for treatment of advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy. A Cochrane Rapid Review; Abstract - Background The use of systemic immunotherapy targets is emerging as an important treatment option for metastatic urothelial carcinoma, particularly for patients who cannot tolerate or who fail cisplatin‐based chemotherapy. One such target is the inhibition of the checkpoint protein programmed cell death‐1 (PD‐1) receptor and its ligand (PD‐L1) by monoclonal antibodies. Objectives To assess the effects of pembrolizumab monotherapy versus chemotherapy for treatment of advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Search methods We performed a Cochrane Rapid Review, limiting our search to published studies in the English language. We searched databases of the medical literature, including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and MEDLINE, as well as trial registries including ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP). Our search extended from January 2000 to June 2018. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials except cross‐over trials and cluster randomised trials. We excluded all other study designs. Participants included had locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma of the bladder, with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy (synonymous with second‐/third‐/fourth‐line therapy). This review focused on pembrolizumab (synonyms: MK‐3475, lambrolizumab, Keytruda). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently classified and abstracted data from the included study. The certainty of evidence was rated according to the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Main results We identified one randomised controlled trial that included 542 participants, which compared the use of pembrolizumab monotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Results were reported after a median follow‐up of 14.1 months (range 9.9 to 22.1 months). Primary outcomes Pembrolizumab probably reduces the risk of death from any cause (hazard ratio (HR) 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 0.90; moderate certainty evidence). This corresponds to 115 fewer deaths (191 fewer to 38 fewer) per 1000 participants with pembrolizumab at 12 months. We downgraded the certainty of evidence one level for imprecision. Pembrolizumab may slightly improve quality of life (change from baseline to week 15 assessed with the Core Quality of Life Questionnaire; higher value reflects better quality of life; scale 0 to 100) with a mean difference (MD) of 9.05, 95% CI 4.61 to 13.50; low certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of evidence two levels for study limitations and imprecision. Secondary outcomes Pembrolizumab may have little or no effect on disease progression (HR 0.98, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.19; low certainty evidence). This corresponds to three fewer patients (42 fewer to 24 more) whose disease progressed per 1000 participants at 12 months. We downgraded the certainty of evidence two levels for study limitations and imprecision. Pembrolizumab probably improves treatment response (based on complete or partial radiologic response) with a risk ratio (RR) of 1.85, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.77; moderate certainty evidence). This corresponds to 97 more respondents (27 more to 202 more) per 1000 participants with pembrolizumab. We downgraded the certainty of evidence one level for imprecision. Pembrolizumab may have little or no effect on treatment‐related mortality (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.24 to 3.79; low certainty evidence). This corresponds to one fewer (12 fewer to 44 more) treatment‐related deaths per 1000 participants with pembrolizumab. We downgraded the certainty of evidence two levels for study limitations and imprecision. Pembrolizumab may have little or no effect on discontinuations due to adverse events (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.10). This corresponds to 54 fewer discontinuations per 1000 participants (95% CI 79 fewer to 7 more). We downgraded the certainty of evidence for study limitations and imprecision. Pembrolizumab may reduce serious adverse events (RR 0.83, 95 CI 0.72 to 0.97; low certainty evidence). This corresponds to 107 fewer serious averse events per 1000 participants (95% CI 19 fewer to 176 fewer). We downgraded two levels for study limitations and imprecision. Authors' conclusions The use of pembrolizumab in men with advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy probably improves overall survival when compared with chemotherapy alone. At 12 months follow‐up about 70% of those in the chemotherapy group had died, compared with 59% of those treated with pembrolizumab. We are very uncertain about the effects of pembolizumab on quality of life. Pembolizumab may also improve treatment response rates, and reduce the risk of serious adverse events, but may make little or no difference to discontinuations of treatment due to adverse events. These conclusions are based on a single trial that was sponsored by the producer of pembrolizumab. Plain language summary Pembrolizumab versus chemotherapy for treating advanced bladder cancer after recurrence/progression following platinum‐based chemotherapy Review question How does pembrolizumab (a newer medicine that works through the body's immune system) compare to chemotherapy in patients with cancer of the inner lining of the urinary system, called urothelial cancer, that has either come back or worsened after treatment? Background Medications that target the body's immune system have been used for a long time to treat urothelial cancer. When the cancer has spread to other organs outside the urinary tract, patients are often treated with chemotherapy using medicines called cisplatin or carboplatin (platinum‐containing chemotherapy). However, often the cancer comes back or becomes worse despite treatment. This review considers the evidence for pembrolizumab, which is a member of a new class of medications that work through the immune sytem, and compares it to chemotherapy. Study characteristics We considered only randomised controlled trials in this Cochrane Rapid Review, as they offer the most reliable results. This review is current to 20 June 2018. Key results We found only one randomised study for our question. Participants included in this trial had metastatic (cancer that has spread to other parts of the body) or advanced cancer that could not be removed by surgery, that had come back or worsened with other chemotherapy. We found that pembrolizumab probably improves overall survival a little (evidence of moderate certainty). It may improve quality of life slightly (low certainty evidence). Pembrolizumab may have little or not effect on the time for the cancer to worsen or advance (low certainty evidence). It probably improves treatment response as seen on X‐ray scans such as computer tomography (moderate certainty of evidence). Pembrolizumab may have little or no effect on deaths resulting from the treatment itself (low certainty evidence) but may result in fewer patients stopping treatment due to unwanted side effects (low certainty evidence). It may also cause less serious side effects. These conclusions are based on a single trial paid for by the company that makes pembrolizumab. Certainty of evidence The certainty of evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
Immune checkpoint inhibitors plus platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab for first‐line treatment of older people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background Lung cancer is a cancer of the elderly, with a median age at diagnosis of 71. More than one‐third of people diagnosed with lung cancer are over 75 years old. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are special antibodies that target a pathway in the immune system called the programmed cell death 1/programmed cell death‐ligand 1 (PD‐1/PD‐L1) pathway. These antibodies help the immune system fight cancer cells by blocking signals that cancer cells use to avoid being attacked by the immune system. ICIs have changed the treatment of people with lung cancer. In particular, for people with previously‐untreated advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), current first‐line treatment now comprises ICIs plus platinum‐based chemotherapy, rather than platinum‐based chemotherapy alone, regardless of their PD‐L1 expression status. However, as people age, their immune system changes, becoming less effective in its T cell responses. This raises questions about how well ICIs work in older adults. Objectives To assess the effects of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in combination with platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy (with or without bevacizumab) in treatment‐naïve adults aged 65 years and older with advanced NSCLC. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Lung Cancer Group Trial Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, two other trial registers, and the websites of drug regulators. The latest search date was 23 August 2023. We also checked references and searched abstracts from the meetings of seven cancer organisations from 2019 to August 2023. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that reported on the efficacy and safety of adding ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone for people 65 years and older who had not previously been treated. All data emanated from international multicentre studies involving adults with histologically‐confirmed advanced NSCLC who had not received any previous systemic anticancer therapy for their advanced disease. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were overall survival and treatment‐related adverse events (grade 3 or higher). Our secondary outcomes were progression‐free survival, objective response rate, time to response, duration of response, and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL). Main results We included 17 primary studies, with a total of 4276 participants, in the review synthesis. We identified nine ongoing studies, and listed one study as 'awaiting classification'. Twelve of the 17 studies included people older than 75 years, accounting for 9% to 13% of their participants. We rated some studies as having 'some concerns' for risk of bias arising from the randomisation process, deviations from the intended interventions, or measurement of the outcome. The overall GRADE rating for the certainty of the evidence ranged from moderate to low because of the risk of bias, imprecision, or inconsistency. People aged 65 years and older The addition of ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy probably increased overall survival compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone (hazard ratio (HR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.88; 8 studies, 2093 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Only one study reported data for treatment‐related adverse events (grade 3 or higher). The frequency of treatment‐related adverse events may not differ between the two treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.09, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.32; 1 study, 127 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The addition of ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy probably improves progression‐free survival (HR 0.61, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.68; 7 studies, 1885 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). People aged 65 to 75 years, inclusive The addition of ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy probably improved overall survival compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone (HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.87; 6 studies, 1406 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Only one study reported data for treatment‐related adverse events (grade 3 or higher). The frequency of treatment‐related adverse events probably increased in people treated with ICIs plus platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to those treated with platinum‐based chemotherapy alone (RR 1.47, 95% CI 1.02 to 2.13; 1 study, 97 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The addition of ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy probably improved progression‐free survival (HR 0.64, 95% CI 0.57 to 0.73; 8 studies, 1466 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). People aged 75 years and older There may be no difference in overall survival in people treated with ICIs combined with platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone (HR 0.90, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.16; 4 studies, 297 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No data on treatment‐related adverse events were available in this age group. The effect of combination ICI and platinum‐based chemotherapy on progression‐free survival is uncertain (HR 0.83, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.36; 3 studies, 226 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Only three studies assessed the objective response rate. For time to response, duration of response, and health‐related quality of life, we do not have any evidence yet. Authors' conclusions Compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone, adding ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy probably leads to higher overall survival and progression‐free survival, without an increase in treatment‐related adverse events (grade 3 or higher), in people 65 years and older with advanced NSCLC. These data are based on results from studies dominated by participants between 65 and 75 years old. However, the analysis also suggests that the improvements reported in overall survival and progression‐free survival may not be seen in people older than 75 years. Plain language summary Is immunotherapy plus chemotherapy better than chemotherapy alone for older people with non‐small cell lung cancer? Key messages • For people 65 years and older with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have not previously been treated for cancer, adding immunotherapy to chemotherapy prolongs life and extends the time before their cancer progresses. This finding comes from studies that mainly included people between 65 and 75 years old. • We did not find these same beneficial effects of adding immunotherapy to chemotherapy in people over 75 years old. What is advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)? NSCLC is one of two main types of lung cancer. About 80% to 85% of lung cancer cases are NSCLC. It mainly affects older people: diagnosis occurs at an average age of 71. NSCLC is usually detected when it is at the metastatic, or advanced, stage, which means cancer has spread beyond the original affected lung. At this stage, it can't be cured, but treatment can help to control it, and improve symptoms and quality of life. How is NSCLC treated? Treatment options vary, depending on the cancer stage, tumour characteristics, and other factors. Chemotherapy – powerful chemicals that kill cancer cells – has been the mainstay of lung cancer treatment. Immunotherapies are newer treatments that can help the immune system fight cancer. They have had positive results when combined with chemotherapy for people with advanced lung cancer. However, as people age, their immune system changes, becoming less effective at fighting cancer. This is called immunosenescence. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if, in this context of immunosenescence, immunotherapies are effective for people 65 years and older with advanced NSCLC, and what are the effects of intensifying chemotherapy‐based treatment with the addition of immunotherapy. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated the effect of giving chemotherapy plus immunotherapy versus chemotherapy alone to people 65 years and older with advanced NSCLC who had not previously had cancer treatment. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 17 studies with a total of 4276 people eligible for inclusion in this review. The studies compared immunotherapy plus chemotherapy to chemotherapy alone for people 65 years and older with previously untreated advanced NSCLC. Twelve of 17 studies included people older than 75 years, but this age group represented only 9% to 13% of all participants in the studies. • For people 65 years and older, adding immunotherapy to chemotherapy prolonged life and extended the time before cancer progression, compared to chemotherapy alone. Both treatments had the same rate of toxic effects. Most of the people included in these studies were between 65 and 75 years old. • For people 75 years and older, adding immunotherapy to chemotherapy may not prolong life or extend the time before cancer progression compared to chemotherapy alone. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence varied from moderate to very low, and was reduced because of concerns about how some of the studies were conducted. Only one study assessed some of the outcomes we were interested in. None of the studies assessed people's health‐related quality of life. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current to 23 August 2023.
Treatments for alopecia areata: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disease leading to nonscarring hair loss on the scalp or body. There are different treatments including immunosuppressants, hair growth stimulants, and contact immunotherapy. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of the treatments for alopecia areata (AA), alopecia totalis (AT), and alopecia universalis (AU) in children and adults. Search methods The Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO ICTRP were searched up to July 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated classical immunosuppressants, biologics, small molecule inhibitors, contact immunotherapy, hair growth stimulants, and other therapies in paediatric and adult populations with AA. Data collection and analysis We used the standard procedures expected by Cochrane including assessment of risks of bias using RoB2 and the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. The primary outcomes were short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% (between 12 and 26 weeks of follow‐up), and incidence of serious adverse events. The secondary outcomes were long‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% (greater than 26 weeks of follow‐up) and health‐related quality of life. We could not perform a network meta‐analysis as very few trials compared the same treatments. We presented direct comparisons and made a narrative description of the findings. Main results We included 63 studies that tested 47 different treatments in 4817 randomised participants. All trials used a parallel‐group design except one that used a cross‐over design. The mean sample size was 78 participants. All trials recruited outpatients from dermatology clinics. Participants were between 2 and 74 years old. The trials included patients with AA (n = 25), AT (n = 1), AU (n = 1), mixed cases (n = 31), and unclear types of alopecia (n = 4). Thirty‐three out of 63 studies (52.3%) reported the proportion of participants achieving short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% (between 12 and 26 weeks). Forty‐seven studies (74.6%) reported serious adverse events and only one study (1.5%) reported health‐related quality of life. Five studies (7.9%) reported the proportion of participants with long‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% (greater than 26 weeks). Amongst the variety of interventions found, we prioritised some groups of interventions for their relevance to clinical practice: systemic therapies (classical immunosuppressants, biologics, and small molecule inhibitors), and local therapies (intralesional corticosteroids, topical small molecule inhibitors, contact immunotherapy, hair growth stimulants and cryotherapy). Considering only the prioritised interventions, 14 studies from 12 comparisons reported short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% and 22 studies from 10 comparisons reported serious adverse events (18 reported zero events and 4 reported at least one). One study (1 comparison) reported quality of life, and two studies (1 comparison) reported long‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75%. For the main outcome of short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75%, the evidence is very uncertain about the effect of oral prednisolone or cyclosporine versus placebo (RR 4.68, 95% CI 0.57 to 38.27; 79 participants; 2 studies; very low‐certainty evidence), intralesional betamethasone or triamcinolone versus placebo (RR 13.84, 95% CI 0.87 to 219.76; 231 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence), oral ruxolitinib versus oral tofacitinib (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.52; 80 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence), diphencyprone or squaric acid dibutil ester versus placebo (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.71; 99 participants; 1 study; very‐low‐certainty evidence), diphencyprone or squaric acid dibutyl ester versus topical minoxidil (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.71; 99 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence), diphencyprone plus topical minoxidil versus diphencyprone (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.13 to 3.44; 30 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence), topical minoxidil 1% and 2% versus placebo (RR 2.31, 95% CI 1.34 to 3.96; 202 participants; 2 studies; very low‐certainty evidence) and cryotherapy versus fractional CO2 laser (RR 0.31, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.86; 80 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). The evidence suggests oral betamethasone may increase short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% compared to prednisolone or azathioprine (RR 1.67, 95% CI 0.96 to 2.88; 80 participants; 2 studies; low‐certainty evidence). There may be little to no difference between subcutaneous dupilumab and placebo in short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% (RR 3.59, 95% CI 0.19 to 66.22; 60 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) as well as between topical ruxolitinib and placebo (RR 5.00, 95% CI 0.25 to 100.89; 78 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). However, baricitinib results in an increase in short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% when compared to placebo (RR 7.54, 95% CI 3.90 to 14.58; 1200 participants; 2 studies; high‐certainty evidence). For the incidence of serious adverse events, the evidence is very uncertain about the effect of topical ruxolitinib versus placebo (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.94; 78 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). Baricitinib and apremilast may result in little to no difference in the incidence of serious adverse events versus placebo (RR 1.47, 95% CI 0.60 to 3.60; 1224 participants; 3 studies; low‐certainty evidence). The same result is observed for subcutaneous dupilumab compared to placebo (RR 1.54, 95% CI 0.07 to 36.11; 60 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). For health‐related quality of life, the evidence is very uncertain about the effect of oral cyclosporine compared to placebo (MD 0.01, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.07; very low‐certainty evidence). Baricitinib results in an increase in long‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% compared to placebo (RR 8.49, 95% CI 4.70 to 15.34; 1200 participants; 2 studies; high‐certainty evidence). Regarding the risk of bias, the most relevant issues were the lack of details about randomisation and allocation concealment, the limited efforts to keep patients and assessors unaware of the assigned intervention, and losses to follow‐up. Authors' conclusions We found that treatment with baricitinib results in an increase in short‐ and long‐term hair regrowth compared to placebo. Although we found inconclusive results for the risk of serious adverse effects with baricitinib, the reported small incidence of serious adverse events in the baricitinib arm should be balanced with the expected benefits. We also found that the impact of other treatments on hair regrowth is very uncertain. Evidence for health‐related quality of life is still scant. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of different treatments for alopecia areata (hair loss)? Key messages ‐There are multiple treatment options for alopecia areata as systemic therapies such as immunosuppressants and local treatments such as hair growth stimulants, but it is unclear how helpful they are in producing new hair growth in the affected area. ‐Only one oral immunosuppressant treatment, baricitinib, showed an increment in hair regrowth. ‐Therapies appear to be safe and serious side effects are rare. ‐More good‐quality studies are required to evaluate the therapies that appear to be useful. What is alopecia areata? Alopecia areata is a common condition characterised by localised or diffuse hair loss on the scalp or around the body. Almost half of the patients have new hair growth without treatment, but a considerable number of them still require specific treatment. How is alopecia areata treated? Most patients get better spontaneously and, in some cases, the doctor and patient may choose to wait for new hair to grow. However, spontaneous growth is rare in severe cases. For patients who need medication, there are multiple treatments, including topical therapies, oral treatments, and localised corticosteroid injections. Why did we do this Cochrane Review? Due to the broad landscape of treatments for alopecia areata, we wanted to know the potential benefits and harms of the available treatments and to see if some of them work better than others. What did we do? We searched for studies that tested therapies to treat alopecia areata (AA), alopecia totalis (AT) and alopecia universalis (AU). The therapies we searched for included medicines administered orally or subcutaneously with systemic effects (that affect the body as a whole) such as immunosuppressants, and local treatments (that affect the skin surface) such as hair growth stimulants or cryotherapy. These treatments were compared with a placebo (a 'dummy' treatment that does not contain any drug) or with another medicine. We assessed the effect of the treatments on significant hair regrowth (equal or greater than 75% and measured from 12 to 26 weeks after starting the treatment or beyond 26 weeks), on well‐being (quality of life), and if they are likely to cause serious adverse events (unwanted or harmful effects). We also summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and number of participants. How up‐to‐date is this review? We included evidence up to July 2022. What did we find? We found 63 studies that tested 47 different therapies in 4817 people with AA, AT or AU (participants were between 2 and 74 years old). Within the 12 comparisons (one comparison means one treatment compared to another) considered more relevant to clinical practice, short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% (from 12 to 26 weeks of follow‐up) was evaluated in 14 studies and long‐term regrowth ≥ 75% (after 26 weeks of follow‐up) was evaluated in two studies. Only one study assessed well‐being (quality of life) and 22 studies assessed serious adverse events (although only four of them reported at least one serious adverse event). What are the main results of our review? Baricitinib (an immunosuppressant medicine taken by mouth) compared to placebo increases hair regrowth ≥ 75% (both short and long‐term) and we are confident with these results. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of topical hair growth stimulants (minoxidil) on short‐term hair regrowth ≥ 75% compared to placebo as the results largely varied from study to study. It is unclear if other treatments compared to placebo or to other medicines have an effect on hair regrowth, and we are not confident of the evidence because the results from the studies varied widely, and involved small numbers of people. Some studies did not clearly report how they were conducted, or whether the people taking part knew what they had received which could have affected the study's results. Further research is likely to change our results. Four studies that assessed the immunosuppressant drugs dupilumab (administered subcutaneously), baricitinib, and topical ruxolitinib reported 30 serious adverse events (23 in the treatment group and 7 in the placebo group) in a total of 1332 participants. In all cases, the authors did not establish a direct relationship between serious adverse events and therapies. There were no deaths, serious infections, or cancer cases. Based on the available evidence, those treatments may have little to no effect on serious adverse events. It is unclear if oral cyclosporine (an immunosuppressant drug) has an effect on the quality of life. Limitations of the evidence Our confidence in the evidence is only high for one comparison (baricitinib compared to placebo) and, for the remaining identified evidence, our confidence is generally low since most of the therapies have been evaluated in studies with weaknesses in their design, with few patients, and that have not been replicated to evaluate the consistency of the results.
Anthracycline‐containing regimens for treatment of follicular lymphoma in adults; Abstract - Background Anthracycline‐containing regimens (ACR) are the most prevalent regimens in the management of patients with advanced follicular lymphoma (FL). However, there is no proof that they are superior to non‐anthracycline‐containing regimens (non‐ACR). Objectives To compare the efficacy of ACRs to other chemotherapy regimens, in the treatment of FL. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2013, Issue 3), MEDLINE (January 1966 to April 2013), smaller databases, relevant conference proceedings (2004 to 2012) and the National Medical Library (April 2013). Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ACR with non‐ACR for adult patients with FL. We excluded trials in which immunotherapy, radiotherapy alone or stem‐cell transplantation were used in one arm alone. Our primary outcome was overall survival (OS). Secondary outcomes included disease control, as measured by progression‐free survival (PFS) or remission duration (RD). Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed the quality of trials and extracted data. We contacted study authors for additional information. We analyzed trials separately according to resemblance of the chemotherapeutic regimens in study arms, other than the addition of anthracyclines ('same' versus 'different' chemotherapy). Hazard ratios (HR) and risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated and pooled using the fixed‐effect model. Main results Eight RCTs, conducted between 1974 and 2011, and involving 2636 patients were included in this meta‐analysis. All trials included therapy‐naive patients. Rituximab was used in one trial only. Follow‐up was between three and five years in most trials (range three to 18 years). All trials were published in peer‐reviewed journals. Five trials compared similar chemotherapeutic regimens, except for the anthracycline. In three studies reporting overall survival specifically in FL patients, there was no statistically significant difference between ACR and non‐ACR arms (HR 0.99; 95% CI 0.77 to 1.29; I 2  = 0%). ACR significantly improved disease control (HR 0.65; 95% CI 0.52 to 0.81; four trials). Progression or relapse at three years were reduced (RR 0.73; 95% CI 0.63 to 0.85). Anthracyclines did not significantly increase rates of complete response (RR 1.05; 95% CI 0.94 to 1.18) or overall response (RR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00 to 1.12), but heterogeneity was substantial. Overall, ACR were more often associated with cytopenias, but not with serious infections or death related to chemotherapy. Cardiotoxicity, albeit rare, was associated with anthracycline use (RR 4.55; 95% CI 0.92 to 22.49; four trials). Three trials added anthracycline to one arm of two different regimens. None showed benefit to ACR regarding OS, yet there was a trend in favor of anthracyclines for disease control. Results were heterogeneous. We judged the overall quality of these trials as moderate as all are unblinded, some are outdated and are not uniform in outcome definitions. Authors' conclusions The use of anthracyclines in patients with FL has no demonstrable benefit on overall survival, although it may have been mitigated by the more intense regimens given in the control arms of three of five trials. ACR improved disease control, as measured by PFS and RD with an increased risk for side effects, notably cardiotoxicity. The current evidence on the added value of ACR in the management of FL is limited. Further studies involving immunotherapy during induction and maintenance may change conclusion. Plain language summary Anthracyclines in the treatment of follicular lymphoma (FL) in adults FL is the most common indolent non‐Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL). It is a slowly progressive disease, with a risk of transformation to a more aggressive lymphoma. Advanced disease (stage III and IV) has been considered incurable. However, in recent years, the use of combination therapy and treatment with the monoclonal anti‐CD20 antibody rituximab, have prolonged survival and decreased transformation rate, and is now considered standard of care in FL patients. One of the most common chemotherapies used in the treatment of FL is the combination of rituximab with cyclophosphamide, vincristine, adriamycin, prednisone (R‐CHOP), which contains an anthracycline (adriamycin). Other anthracycline‐containing regimens (ACR) have also been used to treat FL patients. However, there is no proof that ACRs are better than non‐anthracycline‐containing regimens (non‐ACRs), and there are no standard guidelines for the initial treatment of advanced FL. Importantly, anthracyclines have serious side effects, notably a decrease in blood counts and potential damage to the heart, depending on the dose. The aim of this systematic review and meta‐analysis was to examine if there is a benefit in the use of anthracyclines for patients with FL. We looked at overall survival (OS); measures of disease control; response rates; and side effects. We found eight randomized controlled trials, of which five compared similar chemotherapy regimens in both trial arms, except for the anthracycline. Even among these five trials, three included more intense chemotherapy in the control arm. Most trials were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. Only one of them included rituximab as part of the chemotherapy regimen. Almost all patients were treatment‐naive with advanced disease. Follow‐up ranged between three and five years in most trials. The main results from this set of trials are. 1. There is no evidence that OS is prolonged with the use of anthracyclines, although it may have been hampered by the more intense regimens given in the control arms of three of five trials. 2. Anthracyclines improved disease control. Concordantly, less patients progressed or relapsed within three years of treatment with ACR. 3. There is no statistically significant difference in complete or overall response rates. 4. Qualitatively, more side effects were reported with ACR, myelotoxicity and cardiotoxicity included. This evidence is limited, mainly due to disparities in regimens between control and study arms, but also since most included trials were conducted over one to two decades ago, and only one employed rituximab. Importantly, results from this study were in agreement with pooled‐outcomes from trials of the pre‐rituximab era. It is essential to find the optimal chemotherapeutic regimen in conjunction with rituximab and other novel agents, and understand the role of anthracyclines in this combination, especially with current methods that are able to reduce their toxicity. With longer follow‐up periods we may better understand whether improved disease control will eventually translate to an increase in survival.
Management of people with early‐ or very early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma; Abstract - Background Hepatocellular carcinoma (primary liver cancer) is classified in many ways. The Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer (BCLC) group staging classifies the cancer based on patient's life expectancy. People with very early‐ or early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma have single tumour or three tumours of maximum diameter of 3 cm or less, Child‐Pugh status A to B, and performance status 0 (fully functional). Management of hepatocellular carcinoma is uncertain. Objectives To assess the comparative benefits and harms of different interventions used in the treatment of early or very early hepatocellular carcinoma through a network meta‐analysis and to generate rankings of the available interventions according to their safety and efficacy. However, it was not possible to assess whether the potential effect modifiers were similar across different comparisons. Therefore, we did not perform the network meta‐analysis and instead assessed the benefits and harms of different interventions versus each other or versus sham or no intervention using standard Cochrane methodology. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Science Citation Index Expanded, and trials registers to September 2016 to identify randomised clinical trials (RCTs) on hepatocellular carcinoma. Selection criteria We included only RCTs, irrespective of language, blinding, or publication status, in participants with very early‐ or early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma, irrespective of the presence of cirrhosis, portal hypertension, aetiology of hepatocellular carcinoma, size and number of the tumours, and future remnant liver volume. We excluded trials including participants who were previously liver transplanted. We considered interventions compared with each other, sham, or no intervention. Data collection and analysis We calculated the odds ratio, mean difference, rate ratio, or hazard ratio with 95% confidence intervals using both fixed‐effect and random‐effects models based on available‐participant analysis with Review Manager 5. We assessed the risk of bias according to Cochrane, controlled risk of random errors with Trial Sequential Analysis using Stata, and the quality of the evidence using GRADE. Main results Eighteen trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. Four trials (593 participants; 574 participants included for one or more analyses) compared surgery versus radiofrequency ablation in people with early hepatocellular carcinoma, eligible to undergo surgery. Fourteen trials (2533 participants; 2494 participants included for various analyses) compared different non‐surgical interventions in people with early hepatocellular carcinoma, not eligible to undergo surgery. Overall, the quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes for both comparisons. Surgery versus radiofrequency ablation The majority of participants had cirrhotic livers, and the hepatocellular carcinoma was of viral aetiology. The trials did not report the participants' portal hypertension status or whether they received adjuvant antiviral treatment or adjuvant immunotherapy. The average follow‐up ranged from 29 months to 42 months (3 trials). There was no evidence of a difference in all‐cause mortality at maximal follow‐up for surgery versus radiofrequency ablation (hazard ratio 0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.60 to 1.08; 574 participants; 4 trials; I 2  = 68). Cancer‐related mortality was lower in the surgery group (20/115 (17.4%)) than in the radiofrequency ablation group (43/115 (37.4%)) (odds ratio 0.35, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.65; 230 participants; 1 trial). Serious adverse events (number of participants) was higher in the surgery group (14/60 (23.3%)) than in the radiofrequency ablation group (1/60 (1.7%)) (odds ratio 17.96, 95% CI 2.28 to 141.60; 120 participants; 1 trial). The number of serious adverse events was higher in the surgery group (adjusted rate 11.3 events per 100 participants) than in the radiofrequency ablation group (3/186 (1.6 events per 100 participants)) (rate ratio 7.02, 95% CI 2.29 to 21.46; 391 participants; 2 trials; I 2  = 0%). None of the trials reported health‐related quality of life. One trial was funded by a party with vested interests; three trials were funded by parties without any vested. Non‐surgical interventions The majority of participants had cirrhotic livers, and the hepatocellular carcinoma was of viral aetiology. Most trials did not report the portal hypertension status of the participants, and none of the trials reported whether the participants received adjuvant antiviral treatment or adjuvant immunotherapy. The average follow‐up ranged from 6 months to 37 months (11 trials). Trial participants, who were not eligible for surgery, were treated with radiofrequency ablation, laser ablation, microwave ablation, percutaneous acetic acid injection, percutaneous alcohol injection, a combination of radiofrequency ablation with systemic chemotherapy, a combination of radiofrequency ablation with percutaneous alcohol injection, a combination of transarterial chemoembolisation with percutaneous alcohol injection, or a combination of transarterial chemoembolisation with radiofrequency ablation. The mortality at maximal follow‐up was higher in the percutaneous acetic acid injection (hazard ratio 1.77, 95% CI 1.12 to 2.79; 125 participants; 1 trial) and percutaneous alcohol injection (hazard ratio 1.49, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.88; 882 participants; 5 trials; I 2  = 57%) groups compared with the radiofrequency ablation group. There was no evidence of a difference in all‐cause mortality at maximal follow‐up for any of the other comparisons. The proportion of people with cancer‐related mortality at maximal follow‐up was higher in the percutaneous alcohol injection group (adjusted proportion 16.8%) compared with the radiofrequency ablation group (20/232 (8.6%)) (odds ratio 2.18, 95% CI 1.22 to 3.89; 458 participants; 3 trials; I 2  = 0%). There was no evidence of a difference in any of the comparisons that reported serious adverse events (number of participants or number of events). None of the trials reported health‐related quality of life. Five trials were funded by parties without any vested interest; the source of funding was not available in the remaining trials. Authors' conclusions The evidence was of low or very low quality. There was no evidence of a difference in all‐cause mortality at maximal follow‐up between surgery and radiofrequency ablation in people eligible for surgery. All‐cause mortality at maximal follow‐up was higher with percutaneous acetic acid injection and percutaneous alcohol injection than with radiofrequency ablation in people not eligible for surgery. There was no evidence of a difference in all‐cause mortality at maximal follow‐up for the other comparisons. High‐quality RCTs designed to assess clinically important differences in all‐cause mortality and health‐related quality of life, and having an adequate follow‐up period (approximately five years) are needed. Plain language summary Treatment of very early‐ or early‐stage primary liver cancer (hepatocellular carcinoma) Background Hepatocellular carcinoma (primary liver cancer) arises from the liver cells and is distinct from cancer arising from other parts of the body and spreading to the liver. The Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer (BCLC) group staging classifies cancer based on patient's life expectancy. It is broadly based on the size of the cancer, number of cancers in the liver, how well the liver functions, and whether one's activities are affected by the cancer. People with very early‐ or early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma have single cancer or multiple small cancers confined to the liver, have good liver function, and no restriction of activities. There is significant uncertainty in the management of early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma. Therefore, we searched literature databases for randomised clinical trials (RCTs) on the topic until September 2016. We excluded trials in which participants had previously undergone liver transplantation. Apart from using standard Cochrane methods, which allow comparison of only two treatments at a time, we planned to use advanced methods described in full in the review. Study characteristics of included trials Four trials (593 participants; 574 participants included for one or more analyses) compared surgery (removal of part of the liver containing cancer) versus radiofrequency ablation (cancer destruction using heat generated by electric current) in people with early hepatocellular carcinoma, eligible to undergo surgery; and 14 trials (2533 participants; 2494 participants included for various analyses) compared different non‐surgical interventions in people with early hepatocellular carcinoma, not eligible to undergo surgery. Key results Surgery versus radiofrequency ablation The majority of participants had cirrhotic livers, and the hepatocellular carcinoma was of viral cause. The trials did not report the participants' portal hypertension status or whether they received adjuvant antiviral treatment or adjuvant immunotherapy. Three trials reported average follow‐up (range 29 months to 42 months). One trial was funded by a party with vested interests; three trials were funded by parties without any vested.. In people eligible for surgery, there was no evidence of a difference in death between radiofrequency ablation and surgery; although there were fewer deaths due to cancer in the surgery group. There were more serious complications in the the surgery group than in the radiofrequency ablation group. None of the trials reported health‐related quality of life. Non‐surgical interventions The majority of participants had cirrhotic livers, and the hepatocellular carcinoma was of viral cause. Most trials did not report the portal hypertension status of the participants, and none reported whether the participants received adjuvant antiviral treatment or adjuvant immunotherapy. Eleven trials reported average follow‐up (range 6 months to 37 months). Trial participants, who were not eligible for surgery, were treated with radiofrequency ablation, laser ablation (cancer destruction using laser), microwave ablation (cancer destruction using microwaves), percutaneous acetic acid injection (cancer destruction using vinegar), percutaneous alcohol injection (cancer destruction using alcohol), a combination of radiofrequency ablation with systemic chemotherapy, a combination of radiofrequency ablation with percutaneous alcohol injection, a combination of transarterial chemoembolisation (blocking the artery supplying the cancer with beads containing chemotherapy drugs) with percutaneous alcohol injection, or a combination of transarterial chemoembolisation with radiofrequency ablation. Five trials were funded by parties without any vested interest; the source of funding was not available in the remaining trials. In people not eligible for surgery, the percentage of people who died during the follow‐up period was higher in the percutaneous acetic acid injection and percutaneous alcohol injection groups than in the radiofrequency ablation group. There was no evidence of any difference in the percentage of people who died between any of the remaining comparisons. The percentage of people who died because of cancer was also higher in the percutaneous alcohol injection group than in the radiofrequency ablation group. There was no evidence of any difference in the percentage of people who died because of cancer between any of the remaining comparisons. None of the trials reported health‐related quality of life at any time point. Quality of evidence The overall quality of evidence was low or very low because of the way trials were conducted. Therefore, the conclusions made could overestimate the benefits or underestimate the harms of a given treatment. Further high‐quality RCTs are needed.
Therapeutic vaccines for advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background New strategies in immunotherapy with specific antigens that trigger an anti‐tumour immune response in people with lung cancer open the possibility of developing therapeutic vaccines aimed at boosting the adaptive immune response against cancer cells. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of different types of therapeutic vaccines for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Wanfang Data, and China Journal Net (CNKI) up to 22 August 2023. Selection criteria We included parallel‐group, randomised controlled trials evaluating a therapeutic cancer vaccine, alone or in combination with other treatments, in adults (> 18 years) with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), whatever the line of treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were overall survival, progression‐free survival, and serious adverse events; secondary outcomes were three‐ and five‐year survival rates and health‐related quality of life. Main results We included 10 studies with 2177 participants. The outcome analyses included only 2045 participants (1401 men and 644 women). The certainty of the evidence varied by vaccine and outcome, and ranged from moderate to very low. We report only the results for primary outcomes here. TG4010 The addition of the vector‐based vaccine, TG4010, to chemotherapy, compared with chemotherapy alone in first‐line treatment, may result in little to no difference in overall survival (hazard ratio (HR) 0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.65 to 1.05; 2 studies, 370 participants; low‐certainty evidence). It may increase progression‐free survival slightly (HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.55 to 0.99; 1 study, 222 participants; low‐certainty evidence). It may result in little to no difference in the proportion of participants with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event, but the evidence is very uncertain (risk ratio (RR) 0.70, 95% CI 0.23 to 2.19; 2 studies, 362 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Epidermal growth factor vaccine Epidermal growth factor vaccine, compared to best supportive care as switch maintenance treatment after first‐line chemotherapy, may result in little to no difference in overall survival (HR 0.82, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.02; 1 study, 378 participants; low‐certainty evidence), and in the proportion of participants with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event (RR 1.32, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.98; 2 studies, 458 participants; low‐certainty evidence). hTERT (vx‐001) The hTERT (vx‐001) vaccine compared to placebo as maintenance treatment after first‐line chemotherapy may result in little to no difference in overall survival (HR 0.97, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.34; 1 study, 190 participants). Racotumomab Racotumomab compared to placebo as a switch maintenance treatment post‐chemotherapy was assessed in one study with 176 participants. It may increase overall survival (HR 0.63, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.87). It may make little to no difference in progression‐free survival (HR 0.73, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.00) and in the proportion of people with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.15 to 7.18). Racotumomab versus docetaxel as switch maintenance therapy post‐chemotherapy was assessed in one study with 145 participants. The study did not report hazard rates on overall survival or progression‐free survival time, but the difference in median survival times was very small – less than one month. Racotumomab may result in little to no difference in the proportion of people with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event compared with docetaxel (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.44 to 1.83). Personalised peptide vaccine Personalised peptide vaccine plus docetaxel compared to docetaxel plus placebo post‐chemotherapy treatment may result in little to no difference in overall survival (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.52) and progression‐free survival (HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.43 to 1.42). OSE2101 The OSE2101 vaccine compared with chemotherapy, after chemotherapy or immunotherapy, was assessed in one study with 219 participants. It may result in little to no difference in overall survival (HR 0.86, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.19). It may result in a small difference in the proportion of people with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.91 to 0.99). SRL172 The SRL172 vaccine of killed  Mycobacterium vaccae , added to chemotherapy, compared to chemotherapy alone, may result in no difference in overall survival, and may increase the proportion of people with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event (RR 2.07, 95% CI 1.76 to 2.43; 351 participants). Authors' conclusions Adding a vaccine resulted in no differences in overall survival, except for racotumomab, which showed some improvement compared to placebo, but the difference in median survival time was very small (1.4 months) and the study only included 176 participants. Regarding progression‐free survival, we observed no differences between the compared treatments, except for TG4010, which may increase progression‐free survival slightly. There were no differences between the compared treatments in serious treatment‐related adverse events, except for SRL172 (killed  Mycobacterium vaccae ) added to chemotherapy, which was associated with an increase in the proportion of participants with at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event, and OSE2101, which may decrease slightly the proportion of people having at least one serious treatment‐related adverse event. These conclusions should be interpreted cautiously, as the very low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence prevents drawing solid conclusions: many vaccines were evaluated in a single study with small numbers of participants and events. Plain language summary Do cancer vaccines help people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer? Key messages ‐ The vaccines evaluated in this review do not improve peoples' survival, or progression‐free survival, or do so to a negligible extent. ‐ Unwanted effects of the vaccines are not frequent. What is lung cancer? Lung cancer is one of the most common cancers worldwide. Non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer, accounting for around 87% of lung cancers. Non‐small cell lung cancer is often diagnosed when it is at an advanced stage, which is associated with high death rates and a short life expectancy. How is non‐small cell lung cancer treated? Most of these cancers are treated first with chemotherapy – that is, medicine consisting of powerful chemicals to kill fast‐growing cancer cells. New therapies to improve survival rates for people with NSCLC are focused on treatment with immunotherapy after chemotherapy. Cancer vaccines are a type of immunotherapy. Unlike vaccines to protect us from disease, cancer vaccines are for people who already have cancer. Therapeutic cancer vaccines aim to stimulate the immune system to recognise and destroy cancer cells. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out whether vaccines lengthen people's survival time and time without disease progression, and whether they are associated with any unwanted effects. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at therapeutic cancer vaccines alone or in combination with chemotherapy compared with supportive care, no treatment, or placebo (inactive or 'dummy' medicine) in people with advanced NSCLC. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 10 studies that involved 2177 participants with advanced NSCLC. The biggest study involved 419 people and the smallest study 50. Seven different types of vaccines were evaluated. Three vaccines were evaluated in 2 studies each: TG4010 vector‐based vaccine; epidermal growth factor vaccine; and racotumomab. The remaining 4 vaccines were each evaluated in a single study. Main results ‐ None of the vaccines increased participants' survival time, except racotumomab, which may improve it slightly compared to placebo. The median survival time for those in the racotumomab vaccine group was 8.2 months, compared to 6.8 months in the group that did not receive the vaccine. (The median is the middle value of a set of numbers.) ‐ None of the vaccines improved progression‐free survival time, except TG4010, which may increase it slightly. The median progression‐free survival time for people in the TG4010 vaccine group was 5.9 months, compared to 5.1 months in the non‐vaccine group. ‐ The 7 different vaccines tested largely appear to be safe: there were no differences between the people given vaccines and those not given vaccines in terms of serious adverse (unwanted) events. However, 1 vaccine (SLR172) added to chemotherapy increased the proportion of people having at least 1 serious adverse event. A different vaccine (OSE2101) may result in a slight decrease in the proportion of people having at least 1 serious adverse event. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence varied from moderate to very low for the different vaccines and outcomes assessed, mainly because the studies were small and there were not enough studies to be sure of the results. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current to August 2023.
Targeted therapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Abstract - Background Several comparative randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have been performed including combinations of tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) and immune checkpoint inhibitors since the publication of a Cochrane Review on targeted therapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) in 2008. This review represents an update of that original review. Objectives To assess the effects of targeted therapies for clear cell mRCC in patients naïve to systemic therapy. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search with no restrictions on language or publication status. The date of the latest search was 18 June 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials, recruiting patients with clear cell mRCC naïve to previous systemic treatment. The index intervention was any TKI‐based targeted therapy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the included studies and extracted data for the primary outcomes: progression‐free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and serious adverse events (SAEs); and the secondary outcomes: health‐related quality of life (QoL), response rate and minor adverse events (AEs). We performed statistical analyses using a random‐effects model and rated the certainty of evidence according to the GRADE approach. Main results We included 18 RCTs reporting on 11,590 participants randomised across 18 comparisons. This abstract focuses on the primary outcomes of select comparisons. 1. Pazopanib versus sunitinib Pazopanib may result in little to no difference in PFS as compared to sunitinib (hazard ratio (HR) 1.05, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.90 to 1.23; 1 study, 1110 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 420 per 1000 in this trial at 12 months, this corresponds to 18 fewer participants experiencing PFS (95% CI 76 fewer to 38 more) per 1000 participants. Pazopanib may result in little to no difference in OS compared to sunitinib (HR 0.92, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.06; 1 study, 1110 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 550 per 1000 in this trial at 12 months, this corresponds to 27 more OSs (95% CI 19 fewer to 70 more) per 1000 participants. Pazopanib may result in little to no difference in SAEs as compared to sunitinib (risk ratio (RR) 1.01, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.09; 1 study, 1102 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 734 per 1000 in this trial, this corresponds to 7 more participants experiencing SAEs (95% CI 44 fewer to 66 more) per 1000 participants. 2. Sunitinib versus avelumab and axitinib Sunitinib probably reduces PFS as compared to avelumab plus axitinib (HR 1.45, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.80; 1 study, 886 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 550 per 1000 in this trial at 12 months, this corresponds to 130 fewer participants experiencing PFS (95% CI 209 fewer to 53 fewer) per 1000 participants. Sunitinib may result in little to no difference in OS (HR 1.28, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.79; 1 study, 886 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 890 per 1000 in this trial at 12 months, this would result in 29 fewer OSs (95% CI 78 fewer to 8 more) per 1000 participants. Sunitinib may result in little to no difference in SAEs (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.10; 1 study, 873 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 705 per 1000 in this trial, this corresponds to 7 more SAEs (95% CI 49 fewer to 71 more) per 1000 participants.  3. Sunitinib versus pembrolizumab and axitinib Sunitinib probably reduces PFS as compared to pembrolizumab plus axitinib (HR 1.45, 95% CI 1.19 to 1.76; 1 study, 861 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 590 per 1000 in this trial at 12 months, this corresponds to 125 fewer participants experiencing PFS (95% CI 195 fewer to 56 fewer) per 1000 participants. Sunitinib probably reduces OS (HR 1.90, 95% CI 1.36 to 2.65; 1 study, 861 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 880 per 1000 in this trial at 12 months, this would result in 96 fewer OSs (95% CI 167 fewer to 40 fewer) per 1000 participants. Sunitinib may reduce SAEs as compared to pembrolizumab plus axitinib (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.02; 1 study, 854 participants; low‐certainty evidence) although the CI includes the possibility of no effect. Based on the control event risk of 604 per 1000 in this trial, this corresponds to 60 fewer SAEs (95% CI 115 fewer to 12 more) per 1000 participants.  4. Sunitinib versus nivolumab and ipilimumab Sunitinib may reduce PFS as compared to nivolumab plus ipilimumab (HR 1.30, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.52; 1 study, 847 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 280 per 1000 in this trial at 30 months' follow‐up, this corresponds to 89 fewer PFSs (95% CI 136 fewer to 37 fewer) per 1000 participants. Sunitinib reduces OS (HR 1.52, 95% CI 1.23 to 1.89; 1 study, 847 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk 600 per 1000 in this trial at 30 months, this would result in 140 fewer OSs (95% CI 219 fewer to 67 fewer) per 1000 participants. Sunitinib probably increases SAEs (RR 1.37, 95% CI 1.22 to 1.53; 1 study, 1082 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Based on the control event risk of 457 per 1000 in this trial, this corresponds to 169 more SAEs (95% CI 101 more to 242 more) per 1000 participants. Authors' conclusions Based on the low to high certainty of evidence, several combinations of immune checkpoint inhibitors appear to be superior to single‐agent targeted therapy in terms of PFS and OS, and with a favourable AE profile. Some single‐agent targeted therapies demonstrated a similar or improved oncological outcome compared to others; minor differences were observed for AE within this group. The certainty of evidence was variable ranging from high to very low and all comparisons were based on single trials. Plain language summary Targeted drug treatment for kidney cancer which has spread Review question How effective is targeted drug treatment for patients with kidney cancer which has spread compared with other targeted drug treatments? Background Kidney cancer which has spread was treated over the last decade with a group of drugs called targeted therapy which act specifically on molecular pathways. However, the last few years have seen the emergence of a promising, newer group of drugs called immune checkpoint inhibitors which exploit the immune system (hence called immunotherapy). Some of these drugs are currently used in combinations. This review assesses how effective targeted therapies are in comparison with different targeted therapies, immune checkpoint inhibitors or different combinations of these drugs. Study characteristics We included only studies in which chance determined whether people got a targeted drug or other targeted drug, and which were reported in medical literature up to 18 June 2020. Most of the studies examined the effects on kidney cancer growth (called progression), survival (life expectancy) and serious unwanted effects. Key results We found 18 studies that answered our review question. Participants included in these trials had metastatic (cancer that has spread to other parts of the body) or advanced cancer that could not be removed by surgery. We reported up‐to‐date comparisons that are most important to doctors and participants. 1. Pazopanib versus sunitinib (targeted therapy versus targeted therapy) Pazopanib may make little to no difference in progression, survival, and serious unwanted effects compared to sunitinib. 2. Sunitinib versus avelumab and axitinib (targeted agent versus immunotherapy + targeted agent) Sunitinib probably results in more progression but may make little to no difference on death and serious unwanted effects compared to avelumab and axitinib. 3. Sunitinib versus pembrolizumab and axitinib (targeted agent versus immunotherapy + targeted agent) Sunitinib probably results in more progression and death but may slightly reduce serious unwanted effects compared to pembrolizumab and axitinib. 4. Sunitinib versus nivolumab and ipilimumab (targeted therapy versus combinations of immunotherapy) Sunitinib may result in more progression and serious unwanted effects compared to nivolumab and ipilimumab. Sunitinib results in more deaths compared to combinations. Certainty of the evidence The certainty of the evidence for most outcomes was low to high, meaning that there is some uncertainty regarding the findings. Nevertheless, there is sufficient data for us to make definitive conclusions regarding how these drugs should be used in the management of patients with kidney cancer which has spread.
Oral anticoagulation in people with cancer who have no therapeutic or prophylactic indication for anticoagulation; Abstract - Background Oral anticoagulants may improve the survival of people with cancer through an antithrombotic effect, yet increase the risk of bleeding. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of oral anticoagulants in ambulatory people with cancer undergoing chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy, or radiotherapy (either alone or in combination), with no standard therapeutic or prophylactic indication for anticoagulation. Search methods We conducted comprehensive searches on 14 June 2021, following the original electronic searches performed in February 2016 (last major search). We electronically searched the following databases: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase. In addition, we handsearched conference proceedings, checked references of included studies, and searched for ongoing studies. As part of the living systematic review approach, we are running continual searches and will incorporate new evidence rapidly after it is identified. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the benefits and harms of vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) or direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) in ambulatory people with cancer (i.e., not hospital inpatients during the time of their participation in trials) These people are typically undergoing systemic anticancer therapy, possibly including chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy, or radiotherapy, but otherwise have no standard therapeutic or prophylactic indication for anticoagulation. Data collection and analysis Using a standardised form, two review authors independently extracted data on study design, participants, intervention outcomes of interest, and risk of bias. Outcomes of interest included all‐cause mortality, pulmonary embolism, symptomatic deep vein thrombosis (DVT), major bleeding, minor bleeding and health‐related quality of life. We assessed the certainty of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results Of 12,620 identified citations, 10 RCTs fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The oral anticoagulant was a vitamin K antagonist (VKA) in six of these RCTs, and a direct oral anticoagulant (DOAC) in the remaining four RCTs (three studies used apixaban; one used rivaroxaban). The comparator was either placebo or no prophylaxis. Compared to no prophylaxis, vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) probably reduce mortality at six months slightly (risk ratio (RR) 0.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.77 to 1.13; risk difference (RD) 22 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 72 fewer to 41 more; moderate‐certainty evidence), and probably reduce mortality at 12 months slightly (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.03; RD 29 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 75 fewer to 17 more; moderate‐certainty evidence). One study assessed the effect of a VKA compared to no prophylaxis on thrombosis; the evidence was very uncertain about the effect of VKA compared to no VKA on pulmonary embolism and symptomatic DVT (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.58; RD 0 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 6 fewer to 98 more; very low‐certainty evidence; RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.42; RD 35 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 37 fewer to 16 more; very low‐certainty evidence, respectively). Also, VKAs probably increase major and minor bleeding at 12 months (RR 2.93, 95% CI 1.86 to 4.62; RD 107 more per 1000, 95% CI 48 more to 201 more; moderate‐certainty evidence for major bleeding, and RR 3.14, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.32; RD 167 more per 1000, 95% CI 66 more to 337 more; moderate‐certainty evidence for minor bleeding). Compared to no prophylaxis, at three to six months, direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) probably reduce mortality slightly (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.38, RD 11 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 67 fewer to 70 more; moderate‐certainty evidence), probably reduce the risk of pulmonary embolism slightly compared to no prophylaxis (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.24 to 0.98; RD 24 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 35 fewer to 1 fewer; moderate‐certainty evidence), probably reduce symptomatic DVT slightly (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.30 to 1.15; RD 21 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 35 fewer to 8 more; moderate‐certainty evidence), probably do not increase major bleeding (RR 1.65, 95% CI 0.72 to 3.80; RD 9 more per 1000, 95% CI 4 fewer to 40 more; moderate‐certainty evidence), and may increase minor bleeding (RR 3.58, 95% CI 0.55 to 23.44; RD 55 more per 1000, 95% CI 10 fewer to 482 more; low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions In ambulatory people with cancer undergoing chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy, or radiotherapy (either alone or in combination), the current evidence on VKA thromboprophylaxis suggests that the harm of major bleeding might outweigh the benefit of reduction in venous thromboembolism. With DOACs, the benefit of reduction in venous thromboembolic events outweighs the risk of major bleeding. Editorial note: this is a living systematic review. Living systematic reviews offer a new approach to review updating in which the review is continually updated, incorporating relevant new evidence, as it becomes available. Please refer to the 'What's new' section in the  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews for the current status of this review. Plain language summary Are oral blood thinners safe and effective for people being treated for cancer? Key messages ‐ It is reasonable to give direct oral anticoagulants (a type of blood thinning medicine) to people being treated for cancer, especially if they have an increased risk of blood clots, because the benefit of reduction in blood clots appears to outweigh the risk of major bleeding. ‐ For a different type of blood thinner, vitamin K antagonists (warfarin), the risk of major bleeding might outweigh the benefit of a reduction in formation of blood clots in the legs and lungs. ‐ More research is needed on the effects of blood thinners in people with different types and stages of cancers. What are blood thinners Blood thinners are medicines that help prevent blood from clotting. People at a high risk of getting blood clots can take blood thinners to reduce their chances of developing serious conditions such as heart attacks and strokes. Why might blood‐thinning treatment be helpful for people with cancer? People with cancer undergoing systemic treatment (any medication that travels through your body in the bloodstream to find, damage or destroy cancer cells, including chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy and target therapy) are at increased risk of blood clots. While blood thinners can decrease the risk of getting blood clots, they can also increase the risk of serious and fatal bleeding. Therefore, it is important to understand the benefits and harms of using blood thinners in these people to allow them and their doctors to make informed decisions. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if giving preventative, oral (by mouth) blood thinners was better than no preventative treatment for people being treated for cancer. We focused on people with cancer who were not admitted to hospital for their cancer treatment. We were interested in the effects of blood thinners on: ‐ death; ‐ formation of blood clots in veins (venous thromboembolism). Venous thromboembolism includes deep vein thrombosis (DVT) where a clot lodges in the lower leg, thigh or pelvis, and pulmonary embolism where a clot lodges in the lungs; ‐ major and minor bleeding. What did we do? We searched for studies that examined the benefits and harms of blood thinners for people being treated for cancer who otherwise had no signs, symptoms or conditions that suggested blood thinning was definitely needed. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 10 studies that involved 2934 people with cancer. The biggest study had 841 people and the smallest had 24 people. The studies used two types of blood thinner: ‐ the vitamin K antagonist, warfarin; or ‐ direct [ER1] oral anticoagulants (specifically, apixaban and rivaroxaban). Main results Compared to no preventative treatment, warfarin, the vitamin K antagonist medicine: ‐ probably reduces death at 6 months and at 12 months slightly (22 and 29 fewer deaths, respectively, per 1000 people); ‐ may have little to no effect on formation of blood clots, but we are very uncertain about the results; ‐ probably increases major bleeding and minor bleeding at 12 months (107 more major bleeds and 167 more minor bleeds per 1000 people). Compared to no preventative treatment, direct oral anticoagulant medicines: ‐ probably reduce death at 3 to 6 months slightly (11 fewer deaths per 1000 people); ‐ probably reduce blood clots in the lungs and legs slightly (24 fewer in the lungs and 19 fewer in the legs per 1000 people); ‐ probably do not increase major bleeding (9 more major bleeds per 1000 people); ‐ may increase minor bleeding (55 more minor bleeds per 1000 people). This suggests that : with a vitamin K antagonist, the risk of major bleeding might outweigh the benefit of any reduction in the risk of blood clots in the legs and lungs; with direct oral anticoagulants, the benefit of reduction in the risk of blood clots in the legs and lungs outweighs the risk of major bleeding. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are moderately confident in the evidence for death, major bleeding and minor bleeding. In eight of the studies, the methods used may have affected the results. We are not confident in the evidence for blood clots in people who were given vitamin K antagonist medicine because the evidence came from one study only. This study gave the medicine in a fixed rather than variable dose, which is not current best practice. How up to date is this evidence? This review updates our previous review. The evidence is up to date to June 2021. Editorial note: this is a living systematic review. Living systematic reviews offer a new approach to review updating in which the review is continually updated, incorporating relevant new evidence as it becomes available. Please refer to the 'What's new' section on the  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews  for the current status of this review.
Intravesical Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin in Ta and T1 bladder cancer; Abstract - Background Intravesical therapy with Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) aims to reduce the incidence of tumour recurrence following transurethral resection (TUR) for patients with superficial bladder cancer. Objectives The objective of this review was to compare the incidence of tumour recurrence after the standard therapy of transurethral resection versus transurethral resection plus intravesical Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (March 2000), Medline (February, 2000), EMBASE (February, 2000), Cancerlit (February, 2000), Healthstar (February, 2000), Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effectiveness (February, 2000) and the Bath Information Data Service. The Proceedings of the American Society Clinical Oncology was hand searched (1996 to 1999). Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised trials of transurethral resection alone versus transurethral resection plus intravesical Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin. Patients with Ta and T1 bladder cancer of medium or high risk of tumour recurrence, were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Four reviewers assessed trial quality and two abstracted the data independently. The Peto odds ratios and log hazard ratios were determined to compare the number of patients with disease recurrence at 12 months and the rate of recurrence, respectively. Main results Six randomised trials were included involving 585 eligible patients. There were significantly fewer patients with disease recurrence at 12 months in the BCG plus TUR group compared to those that received TUR alone (odds ratio 0.30, CI 0.21 to 0.43). The overall log hazard ratio for recurrence (‐0.83, variance 0.02) indicated a significant benefit of BCG treatment in reducing tumour recurrence. Toxicities associated with BCG consisted mainly of cystitis (67%), haematuria (23%), fever (25%) and urinary frequency (71%). No BCG‐induced deaths were reported. Authors' conclusions In patients with medium/high risk Ta or T1 bladder cancer, immunotherapy with intravesical BCG following TUR appears to provide a significant advantage over TUR alone in delaying tumour recurrence. Plain language summary Local treatment with Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin following surgery for superficial bladder cancer reduces the risk of the cancer returning. Worldwide, bladder cancer is common in both men and women. In most cases, the cancer occurs in the superficial layers of the bladder and can be surgically removed. However, in many people the cancer returns. Drugs placed directly into the bladder tissue following surgery are therefore often used to try to prevent the cancer recurring. Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) is a live attenuated bacterium used for immunization against tuberculosis, and is safe and effective for that purpose; it has also been licensed by the US FDA and other national regulatory agencies for use in superficial bladder‐cancer treatment. The review found that BCG treatment was effective in preventing cancer recurrence following surgery. Further studies into making treatment more effective are needed.
Parenteral anticoagulation in ambulatory patients with cancer; Abstract - Background Anticoagulation may improve survival in patients with cancer through a speculated anti‐tumour effect, in addition to the antithrombotic effect, although may increase the risk of bleeding. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of parenteral anticoagulants in ambulatory patients with cancer who, typically, are undergoing chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, immunotherapy or radiotherapy, but otherwise have no standard therapeutic or prophylactic indication for anticoagulation. Search methods A comprehensive search included (1) a major electronic search (February 2016) of the following databases: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2016, Issue 1), MEDLINE (1946 to February 2016; accessed via OVID) and Embase (1980 to February 2016; accessed via OVID); (2) handsearching of conference proceedings; (3) checking of references of included studies; (4) use of the 'related citation' feature in PubMed and (5) a search for ongoing studies in trial registries. As part of the living systematic review approach, we are running searches continually and we will incorporate new evidence rapidly after it is identified. This update of the systematic review is based on the findings of a literature search conducted on 14 August 2017. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the benefits and harms of parenteral anticoagulation in ambulatory patients with cancer. Typically, these patients are undergoing chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, immunotherapy or radiotherapy, but otherwise have no standard therapeutic or prophylactic indication for anticoagulation. Data collection and analysis Using a standardized form we extracted data in duplicate on study design, participants, interventions outcomes of interest, and risk of bias. Outcomes of interested included all‐cause mortality, symptomatic venous thromboembolism (VTE), symptomatic deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism (PE), major bleeding, minor bleeding, and quality of life. We assessed the certainty of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach (GRADE handbook [GRADE handbook]). Main results Of 6947 identified citations, 19 RCTs fulfilled the eligibility criteria. These trials enrolled 9650 participants. Trial registries' searches identified nine registered but unpublished trials, two of which were labeled as 'ongoing trials'. In all included RCTs, the intervention consisted of heparin (either unfractionated heparin or low molecular weight heparin). Overall, heparin appears to have no effect on mortality at 12 months (risk ratio (RR) 0.98; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.93 to 1.03; risk difference (RD) 10 fewer per 1000; 95% CI 35 fewer to 15 more; moderate certainty of evidence) and mortality at 24 months (RR 0.99; 95% CI 0.96 to 1.01; RD 8 fewer per 1000; 95% CI 31 fewer to 8 more; moderate certainty of evidence). Heparin therapy reduces the risk of symptomatic VTE (RR 0.56; 95% CI 0.47 to 0.68; RD 30 fewer per 1000; 95% CI 36 fewer to 22 fewer; high certainty of evidence), while it increases in the risks of major bleeding (RR 1.30; 95% 0.94 to 1.79; RD 4 more per 1000; 95% CI 1 fewer to 11 more; moderate certainty of evidence) and minor bleeding (RR 1.70; 95% 1.13 to 2.55; RD 17 more per 1000; 95% CI 3 more to 37 more; high certainty of evidence). Results failed to confirm or to exclude a beneficial or detrimental effect of heparin on thrombocytopenia (RR 0.69; 95% CI 0.37 to 1.27; RD 33 fewer per 1000; 95% CI 66 fewer to 28 more; moderate certainty of evidence); quality of life (moderate certainty of evidence). Authors' conclusions Heparin appears to have no effect on mortality at 12 months and 24 months. It reduces symptomatic VTE and likely increases major and minor bleeding. Future research should further investigate the survival benefit of different types of anticoagulants in patients with different types and stages of cancer. The decision for a patient with cancer to start heparin therapy should balance the benefits and downsides, and should integrate the patient's values and preferences. Editorial note:This is a living systematic review. Living systematic reviews offer a new approach to review updating in which the review is continually updated, incorporating relevant new evidence, as it becomes available. Please refer to the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews for the current status of this review. Plain language summary Injectable blood thinners (anticoagulants) in patients with cancer Background  Research evidence suggests that blood thinners may improve the survival of patients with cancer, by preventing life‐threatening blood clots and might also have a direct anticancer effect. However, blood thinners can also increase the risk of bleeding, which can be serious and reduce survival. It is therefore important to understand the pros and cons of treatment to allow patients and their doctors to be aware of the balance of risks and benefits. Study characteristics  We searched the scientific literature for studies of anticoagulants in people with cancer. The evidence is current to 14 August 2017. We included 19 eligible trials. Key results  We selected 19 trials including 9650 participants with cancer. Most trials included participants with various types of cancer, especially small cell lung cancer, non‐small cell lung cancer, and pancreatic cancer. All studies were conducted in the outpatient setting. The results suggest that the effect of injectable blood thinners on survival is uncertain, but if anything of small size. Also the results suggest that injectable blood thinners reduce the risk of blood clots by about half and possibly increase the risk of major bleeding and minor bleeding by 4 more per 1000 and 17 more per 1000, respectively. The effect on quality of life is uncertain. Certainty of evidence  We judged the certainty of evidence to be high for symptomatic VTE and minor bleeding, and moderate for mortality, major bleeding and quality of life. Editorial note: This is a living systematic review. Living systematic reviews offer a new approach to review updating in which the review is continually updated, incorporating relevant new evidence, as it becomes available. Please refer to the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews for the current status of this review.
Daclizumab for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Monoclonal antibodies such as daclizumab could be a possible alternative immunotherapy to interferon beta treatment in people with multiple sclerosis (MS). It blocks the interleukin‐2 receptor alpha subunit (CD25), and seems to be beneficial to patients with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) in clinical and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures of outcomes. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2010, and previously updated in 2012. Objectives To assess the safety of daclizumab and its efficacy to prevent clinical worsening in patients with RRMS. Search methods The Trials Search Co‐ordinator searched the Cochrane Multiple Sclerosis and Rare Diseases of the Central Nervous System Group Specialised Register (17 May 2013). We handsearched the references quoted in the identified trials and reports (May 2013) from the most important neurological associations and MS societies. We contacted researchers participating in trials on daclizumab. Selection criteria All randomised controlled clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating daclizumab, alone or combined with other treatments versus placebo, or any other treatment for patients with RRMS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed references retrieved for possible inclusion, extracted eligible data, cross‐checked the data for accuracy and assessed the methodological quality. We resolved any disagreements by consensus among review authors. Main results We included two trials with 851 patients that evaluated the efficacy and safety of daclizumab versus placebo for RRMS. We judged them to be at low risk of bias. Due to different time point evaluations and available data on primary studies, we were unable to undertake a meta‐analysis. At 24 weeks, the median change was 0 (range ‐2 to 3) in the interferon beta and placebo group, 0 (‐2 to 4) in the interferon beta and low‐dose daclizumab group and 0 (‐2 to 2) in the interferon beta and high‐dose daclizumab group in 230 participants. The proportion of patients who had new clinical relapses were the following: 16 patients (21%) in the interferon beta and high‐dose daclizumab group, 19 (24%) in the interferon beta and low‐dose daclizumab group and 19 (25%) in the interferon beta and placebo group had relapses (P value = 0.87). At 52 weeks, the changes in Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) from baseline was 0.09 ± 0.71 in placebo group, ‐0.08 ± 0.52 in low‐dose daclizumab group and 0.05 ± 0.61 in high‐dose daclizumab group in 621 participants. There was a significant difference between placebo and low‐dose daclizumab groups (P value = 0.01), but no significant difference between placebo and high‐dose daclizumab groups (P value = 0.49). The proportion of patients with new relapsing MS was significantly reduced in both daclizumab groups (19% in low‐dose daclizumab group, 20% in high‐dose daclizumab group) compared with placebo group (36%) (P value < 0.0001 and P value = 0.00032, respectively). There was no increased number of patients in any adverse events (risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 1.07) or serious adverse events in daclizumab groups compared with placebo (RR 1.15, 95% CI 0.29 to 4.54). Infections were the most frequent adverse events in treated participants and were resolved with standard therapies. One trial was still ongoing. Authors' conclusions There was insufficient evidence to determine whether daclizumab was more effective than placebo in patients affected by RRMS in terms of clinical and MRI measures of outcomes. Daclizumab appeared to be relatively well tolerated. Infections were the most frequent adverse events, and were resolved with standard therapies. Plain language summary Daclizumab, an antibody, as possible alternative therapy to interferon beta in people with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis Background Monoclonal antibodies such as daclizumab could be a possible alternative immunotherapy to interferon beta treatment in people with multiple sclerosis. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2010, and previously updated in 2012. In this review, we aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of daclizumab, alone or combined to other treatments for the improvement in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Study characteristics To test the efficacy we measured the disability changes and the proportion of patients who had new relapses, while to test the safety we took into account the number of patients who exhibited any type of adverse events. We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment group) comparing daclizumab, alone or with other treatments versus placebo (a pretend treatment). Patients were aged 18 to 65 years with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Evidence is current to May 2013. Key results We found two studies (funded by Facet Biotech/Biogen Idec and Biogen Idec/AbbVie Biotherapeutics Inc), which met our inclusion criteria, with 851 patients, both male and female, aged 18 to 65 years. The results did not provide sufficient evidence on the effectiveness of daclizumab, and further studies are needed. One study is still ongoing. Daclizumab was generally well‐tolerated, the most frequent adverse events being infections, which were all resolved with standard therapies. In order to have more clear results, the length of follow‐up (where the patients are observed and monitored following treatment) needs to be longer. Quality of the evidence We considered both studies to be of high quality.
Immunomodulators and immunosuppressants for multiple sclerosis: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Different therapeutic strategies are available for treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS) including immunosuppressants, immunomodulators, and monoclonal antibodies. Their relative effectiveness in the prevention of relapse or disability progression is unclear due to the limited number of direct comparison trials. A summary of the results, including both direct and indirect comparisons of treatment effects, may help to clarify the above uncertainty. Objectives To estimate the relative efficacy and acceptability of interferon ß‐1b (IFNß‐1b) (Betaseron), interferon ß‐1a (IFNß‐1a) (Rebif and Avonex), glatiramer acetate, natalizumab, mitoxantrone, methotrexate, cyclophosphamide, azathioprine, intravenous immunoglobulins, and long‐term corticosteroids versus placebo or another active agent in participants with MS and to provide a ranking of the treatments according to their effectiveness and risk‐benefit balance. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, the Cochrane MS Group Trials Register, and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) reports. The most recent search was run in February 2012. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that studied one of the 11 treatments for use in adults with MS and that reported our pre‐speciﬁed efficacy outcomes were considered for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Identifying search results and data extraction were performed independently by two authors. Data synthesis was performed by pairwise meta‐analysis and network meta‐analysis that was performed within a Bayesian framework. The body of evidence for outcomes within the pairwise meta‐analysis was assessed according to GRADE, as very low, low, moderate, or high quality. Main results Forty‐four trials were included in this review, in which 17,401 participants had been randomised. Twenty‐three trials included relapsing‐remitting MS (RRMS) (9096 participants, 52%), 18 trials included progressive MS (7726, 44%), and three trials included both RRMS and progressive MS (579, 3%). The majority of the included trials were short‐term studies, with the median duration being 24 months. The results originated mostly from 33 trials on IFNß, glatiramer acetate, and natalizumab that overall contributed outcome data for 9881 participants (66%). From the pairwise meta‐analysis, there was high quality evidence that natalizumab and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) were effective against recurrence of relapses in RRMS during the first 24 months of treatment compared to placebo (odds ratio (OR) 0.32, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.24 to 0.43; OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.71, respectively); they were more effective than IFNß‐1a (Avonex) (OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.36; OR 0.19, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.60, respectively). IFNß‐1b (Betaseron) and mitoxantrone probably decreased the odds of the participants with RRMS having clinical relapses compared to placebo (OR 0.55, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.99; OR 0.15, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.54, respectively) but the quality of evidence for these treatments was graded as moderate. From the network meta‐analysis, the most effective drug appeared to be natalizumab (median OR versus placebo 0.29, 95% credible intervals (CrI) 0.17 to 0.51), followed by IFNß‐1a (Rebif) (median OR versus placebo 0.44, 95% CrI 0.24 to 0.70), mitoxantrone (median OR versus placebo 0.43, 95% CrI 0.20 to 0.87), glatiramer acetate (median OR versus placebo 0.48, 95% CrI 0.38 to 0.75), IFNß‐1b (Betaseron) (median OR versus placebo 0.48, 95% CrI 0.29 to 0.78). However, our confidence was moderate for direct comparison of mitoxantrone and IFNB‐1b vs placebo and very low for direct comparison of glatiramer vs placebo. The relapse outcome for RRMS at three years’ follow‐up was not reported by any of the included trials. Disability progression was based on surrogate markers in the majority of included studies and was unavailable for RRMS beyond two to three years. The pairwise meta‐analysis suggested, with moderate quality evidence, that natalizumab and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) probably decreased the odds of the participants with RRMS having disability progression at two years' follow‐up, with an absolute reduction of 14% and 10%, respectively, compared to placebo. Natalizumab and IFNß‐1b (Betaseron) were significantly more effective (OR 0.62, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.78; OR 0.35, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.70, respectively) than IFNß‐1a (Avonex) in reducing the number of the participants with RRMS who had progression at two years' follow‐up, and confidence in this result was graded as moderate. From the network meta‐analyses, mitoxantrone appeared to be the most effective agent in decreasing the odds of the participants with RRMS having progression at two years' follow‐up, but our confidence was very low for direct comparison of mitoxantrone vs placebo. Both pairwise and network meta‐analysis revealed that none of the individual agents included in this review were effective in preventing disability progression over two or three years in patients with progressive MS. There was not a dose‐effect relationship for any of the included treatments with the exception of mitoxantrone. Authors' conclusions Our review should provide some guidance to clinicians and patients. On the basis of high quality evidence, natalizumab and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) are superior to all other treatments for preventing clinical relapses in RRMS in the short‐term (24 months) compared to placebo. Moderate quality evidence supports a protective effect of natalizumab and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) against disability progression in RRMS in the short‐term compared to placebo. These treatments are associated with long‐term serious adverse events and their benefit‐risk balance might be unfavourable. IFNß‐1b (Betaseron) and mitoxantrone probably decreased the odds of the participants with RRMS having relapses, compared with placebo (moderate quality of evidence). The benefit‐risk balance with azathioprine is uncertain, however this agent might be effective in decreasing the odds of the participants with RRMS having relapses and disability progression over 24 to 36 months, compared with placebo. The lack of convincing efficacy data shows that IFNß‐1a (Avonex), intravenous immunoglobulins, cyclophosphamide and long‐term steroids have an unfavourable benefit‐risk balance in RRMS. None of the included treatments are effective in decreasing disability progression in patients with progressive MS. It is important to consider that the clinical effects of all these treatments beyond two years are uncertain, a relevant point for a disease of 30 to 40 years duration. Direct head‐to‐head comparison(s) between natalizumab and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) or between azathioprine and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) should be top priority on the research agenda and follow‐up of the trial cohorts should be mandatory. Plain language summary Comparative efficacy and risk‐benefit balance of modulator and suppressant drugs of the immune system in people with multiple sclerosis (MS) Several immunotherapies have been used to treat MS, but their relative effectiveness is unclear due to the limited number of direct comparison studies. The authors of this review tried to assess the efficacy and the extent of adverse events of immunotherapies commonly used in people with MS. Eleven agents were studied, interferon ß‐1b (IFNß‐1b) (Betaseron), IFNß‐1a (Rebif and Avonex), glatiramer acetate, natalizumab, mitoxantrone, methotrexate, cyclophosphamide, azathioprine, immunoglobulins, and long‐term corticosteroids. Forty‐four studies up to 2010 have been included in this review, comprising a total of 17,401 adults suffered from the relapsing‐remitting (RRMS) and the progressive types (PrMS) of MS. The treatments were short‐term, the median duration being 24 months. The results show that: ‐ there is high quality evidence that both natalizumab and IFNß‐1a (Rebif) can reduce relapses and disability progression compared to placebo; and they are also more effective than IFNß‐1a (Avonex) in people with RRMS. Natalizumab can induce progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, especially with more than two years of treatment; ‐ IFNß‐1b (Betaseron), glatiramer acetate, and mitoxantrone may also prevent relapse and disability progression in people with RRMS. These treatments are associated with possible medium and long‐term side effects, and the risk‐benefit balance might be unfavourable; ‐ IFNß‐1a (Avonex), intravenous immunoglobulins, cyclophosphamide, and long‐term corticosteroids have an unfavourable risk‐benefit balance for people with RRMS; ‐ there are insufficient high quality data to clarify whether there is a favourable risk‐benefit balance using azathioprine; ‐ nine drugs (IFNß‐1b (Betaseron), IFNß‐1a (Avonex and Rebif), glatiramer acetate, mitoxantrone, methotrexate, cyclophosphamide, intravenous immunoglobulins, and long‐term corticosteroids) were also studied in people with PrMS. Few studies were of high quality and no drug was shown to be effective in preventing disability progression in people with PrMS. It is important to consider that the efficacy and the risk‐benefit of all these treatments beyond two years are uncertain, and this is a very relevant point for a lifetime disease such as MS. Thus, studies on the long‐term efficacy and safety of immunotherapies for MS are urgently needed. It is also worth considering that more than 70% of the included studies were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies. This could have affected the results of this review.
Palliative cytoreductive surgery versus other palliative treatments in patients with unresectable liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours; Abstract - Background Neuroendocrine tumours are tumours of cells which possess secretory granules and originate from the neuroectoderm. While liver resection is generally advocated in patients with resectable liver alone metastases, the management of patients with liver metastases, which cannot be completely resected, is controversial. Objectives To determine if cytoreductive surgery is better than other palliative treatments in patients with liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours, which cannot be completely resected. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials  ( CENTRAL ) in  The Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  Science Citation Index Expanded , and  LILACS  until July 2008 for identifying the randomised trials. Selection criteria Only randomised clinical trials (irrespective of language, blinding, or publication status) comparing liver resection (alone or in combination with radiofrequency ablation or cryoablation) versus other palliative treatments (chemotherapy or hormone‐therapy or immunotherapy) or no treatment in patients with liver metastases from neuroendocrine tumours, which cannot be completely resected, were considered for the review. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently identified trials for inclusion. Main results We were unable to identify any randomised clinical trial suitable for inclusion in this review. Authors' conclusions The literature provides no evidence from randomised clinical trials in order to assess the role of cytoreductive surgery in non‐resectable liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours. High‐quality randomised clinical trials may become feasible to perform if their conduct and study design is thoroughly considered in all their practical and methodological aspects. Pilot randomised clinical trials, which can guide the study design of definitive randomised clinical trials, are necessary. Plain language summary No evidence for optimal management of patients with unresectable liver spread originating from intestinal hormone cells Liver metastases (liver spread) from gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumours (cancer of intestinal hormone cells which originate from the embryonic nerve cells or the embryonic outer coat) are generally treated with surgery if a complete removal is deemed possible. This is associated with a long‐term survival. However, more than four‐fifths of patients with liver metastases from neuroendocrine tumours cannot undergo resection of all metastatic disease. The treatment of such patients is controversial. Palliative removal of the liver spread (ie, leaving behind a part of the cancerous liver spread) or destroying a significant portion of the cancerous liver spread using radiofrequency waves (collectively called cytoreductive surgeries) are some of the options offering symptomatic relief and possible prolongation of survival. This Cochrane review attempted to answer the question of whether palliative cytoreductive surgery is better than other palliative treatments, but no randomised clinical trials were found, addressing this issue. High‐quality randomised clinical trials may become feasible to perform if their conduct and study design is thoroughly considered in all their practical and methodological aspects. Pilot randomised clinical trials, which can guide the study design of definitive randomised clinical trials, are necessary.
Liver resection versus other treatments for neuroendocrine tumours in patients with resectable liver metastases; Abstract - Background Neuroendocrine tumours are tumours of cells, which possess secretory granules and originate from the neuroectoderm. While liver resection is generally advocated in patients with resectable liver metastases, recent studies have shown good survival in patients with disseminated neuroendocrine tumours who underwent thermal ablation using radiofrequency. Objectives To determine the benefits and harms of liver resection versus other treatments in patients with resectable liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL)  in  The Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  Science Citation Index Expanded  and  LILACS  until July 2008 for identifying the randomised trials. Selection criteria We considered only randomised clinical trials (irrespective of language, blinding, or publication status) comparing liver resection (alone or in combination with radiofrequency ablation or cryoablation) versus other interventions (chemotherapy, hormonotherapy, or immunotherapy) and those comparing liver resection and thermal ablation (radiofrequency ablation or cryoablation) in patients with resectable liver metastases from neuroendocrine tumours for the review. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently identified trials for inclusion. Main results We were unable to identify any randomised clinical trial suitable for inclusion in this review. We were also unable to identify any quasi‐randomised studies, cohort studies, or case‐control studies that could inform meaningfully. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence from randomised clinical trials comparing liver resection versus other treatments in patients with resectable liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours. Liver resection appears to be the main stay curative treatment for neuroendocrine liver metastases based on non‐randomised studies. Further randomised clinical trials comparing liver resection alone or in combination with chemoembolisation or radionuclide therapy are needed. Further randomised clinical trials comparing surgical resection and radiofrequency ablation in selected patients may also be appropriate. Plain language summary No evidence from randomised clinical trial for optimal management of resectable liver spread originating from intestinal hormone cells Liver spread from hormone‐producing cancer of intestinal hormone cells is generally treated by liver resection surgery (removing the affected parts of the liver) if it is possible to remove all the cancer deposits and is associated with good long‐term survival. However, recently, destroying the tumour using radiofrequency waves has been reported to show reasonably good survival in patients in whom it is not possible to remove the liver spread by surgery. This Cochrane review attempted to answer the question whether surgical resection of the liver tumours is better than other forms of treatment in patients with removable liver spread. We could not find any randomised clinical trials addressing the issue. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised clinical trials comparing liver resection versus other treatments in patients with resectable liver spread originating from intestinal hormone cells. Evidence from retrospective studies has shown prolonged survival after surgery for such patients. There has also been some suggestion that combining treatments such as surgery and chemotherapy or radioactive tracer treatment results in better survival than surgery alone. Therapies such as radiofrequency ablation (heat destruction of the tumours using radiofrequency waves) have been recently evaluated as curative treatment and may be useful in patients with small tumours (smaller than 5 cm in size). However, long‐term follow‐up data from radiofrequency ablation is not available. Liver resection appears to be the main stay curative treatment for neuroendocrine liver metastases based on non‐randomised studies. Further randomised clinical trials comparing liver resection alone or in combination with chemoembolisation or radionuclide therapy are needed. Further randomised clinical trials comparing liver resection and radiofrequency ablation in selected patients may also be appropriate.
Therapeutic interventions for Burkitt lymphoma in children; Abstract - Background Burkitt lymphoma (BL) is an important cancer found mostly in children but uncertainty remains as to the most effective form of management. In endemic areas, late‐stage presentation as a result of delayed access to treatment compounds the situation. Objectives To assess the evidence for chemotherapy, surgery, radiotherapy and immunotherapy in the treatment of children with endemic BL. Search methods We updated and re‐ran the searches in the following electronic databases from the time of the first publication; the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (CENTRAL) (Issue 1, 2011); MEDLINE (January 2011); EMBASE (January 2011); and the clinical trials registry (up to January 2011) to identify relevant trials. In addition, we also updated the search of the US clinical trials register for on‐going and completed trials up to January 2011. We also updated the search terms and used the Cochrane filter for identifying randomised trials in MEDLINE. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of any duration. We included studies conducted in children with a confirmed diagnosis of BL. We did not restrict studies by geographical location or by language of publication. We considered any therapeutic intervention. The primary outcome was overall survival. Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed studies for relevance. We assessed studies that met the entry criteria for study quality. We independently extracted data and entered the data into Review Manager (RevMan). In this update, two review authors independently assessed citations from the updated search and reviewed abstracts for relevance. Main results We included one new study in this update. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment groups. Less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce similar effects with less adverse event profiles. Authors' conclusions This review notes a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions. Plain language summary Therapeutic interventions for Burkitt lymphoma in children Burkitt lymphoma is an important cancer, particularly in children. It is a fast growing tumour but also very sensitive to chemotherapy. It presents a challenge in endemic areas due to late presentation and an often incomplete complement of drugs available for treatment. Different regimens are in use for treatment with varied success rates. This review aims to evaluate these treatments to assess their effectiveness especially for later stages. The review identified 13 trials involving 1824 participants. However, data presentable for the review were only available in 10 trials with 732 participants. The data were difficult to collate because of the quality of the study methods and the reporting of the results; outcome measures differed between trials and they were mainly small‐sized trials. No significant differences in overall survival were seen between studies aimed at inducing remission. Adverse events reported were mostly due to infections and reductions in blood cell counts. The more recent studies were focused on using less intensive treatment regimens as they could provide similar responses with lower risk of adverse effects.
Pharmacological treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome and Landau‐Kleffner Syndrome; Abstract - Background Continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome (CSWS) and Landau‐Kleffner syndrome (LKS) are two epileptic encephalopathies that present with neurocognitive regression, aphasia, and clinical seizures, typically presenting in children around five years of age. The pathophysiology of these conditions is not completely understood. Some studies suggest a common origin for both. No systematic reviews have assessed the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for these conditions. Objectives To assess the benefit and adverse effects of pharmacological interventions for the treatment of CSWS and LKS. Search methods On 8 September 2020, we searched the Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web) and MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to September 04, 2020). We applied no language restrictions. CRS Web includes randomised or quasi‐randomised, controlled trials from CENTRAL, PubMed, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, quasi‐randomised controlled trials, and cluster‐randomised trials comparing antiepileptic drugs alone, or with steroids or intravenous immunoglobulins, or both versus other antiepileptic drugs, or placebo, or no treatment, administered to children with CSWS and LKS. We planned to compare treatments for the two conditions separately. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies identified by the search strategy for inclusion. The primary outcomes considered in this review were neuropsychological‐neurolinguistic functions. Main results Our search strategy yielded 18 references. Two review authors independently assessed all references. We did not find any completed studies to include. We identified one ongoing trial, which was terminated because of lack of enrolment. Authors' conclusions There was no evidence from trials to support or refute the use of pharmacological treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome or Landau‐Kleffner syndrome. Well‐designed randomised controlled trials are needed to inform practice. Plain language summary Pharmacological treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome and Landau‐Kleffner syndrome What was studied in the review?  Continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome (CSWS) is characterised by a regression of mental function and clinical seizures, and usually shows up in children around five years old. Landau‐Kleffner syndrome usually shows up in children aged three to eight years, who have previously developed normally. It is characterised by an inability to understand or express language, resulting in decreased communication skills. Treatment may include different drugs (pharmacological treatment), such as antiepileptic drugs and immunotherapies. What is the aim of this review?  The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out the benefit and adverse effects of drug treatment for CSWS and for LKS. To answer this question, we searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups; these are considered the gold standard for trial design). Results  We did not find any relevant, completed studies. We identified one ongoing study, which was terminated because of lack of enrolment. Conclusions  There was no evidence to support or refute the use of drug treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome or Landau‐Kleffner syndrome. The evidence is current to September 2020.
Bendamustine for patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies including chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; Abstract - Background Indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies include follicular lymphoma, small lymphocytic lymphoma, mantle cell lymphoma, lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma and marginal zone lymphomas. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) is a lymphoid malignancy similar to small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) in its leukaemic phase. Indolent lymphoid malignancies including CLL are characterised by slow growth, a high initial response rate and a relapsing and progressive disease course. Advanced‐stage indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies are often incurable. If symptoms or progressive disease occur, chemotherapy plus rituximab is indicated. No chemotherapy regimen has been shown to improve overall survival compared to a different regimen. Bendamustine is efficacious in the treatment of patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies. A number of randomised controlled trials have examined the effect of bendamustine compared to other chemotherapy regimens in these patients. Improved disease control with no survival benefit is shown. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy of bendamustine therapy for patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies including CLL. Search methods We electronically searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 2), MEDLINE (1966 to May 2012), EMBASE (1974 to November 2011), LILACS (1982 to May 2012), databases of ongoing trials (accessed 30 April 2012) and relevant conference proceedings. We searched references of identified trials and contacted the first author of each included trial. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials that compared a bendamustine‐containing regimen to other chemotherapy with or without immunotherapy. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently appraised the quality of each trial and extracted data from included trials. We estimated and pooled hazard ratios (HR) and risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included five trials randomising 1343 adult patients in the systematic review. Allocation and blinding were unclear in three trials and adequate in two. Incomplete outcome data and selective reporting were adequate in all trials. Trials varied in the type of lymphoid malignancy, bendamustine regimen and the comparator regimen. In the three trials that included patients with follicular lymphoma, mantle cell lymphoma and other indolent lymphomas the comparator treatment was cyclophosphamide, a combination of cyclophosphamide, vincristine, doxorubicin and prednisone, and fludarabine. Two trials included only patients with CLL and compared bendamustine to chlorambucil, and to fludarabine. We did not conduct a meta‐analysis due to the clinical heterogeneity among trials. Bendamustine had no statistically significant effect on the overall survival of patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies in any of the included trials (trials of moderate quality). Progression‐free survival was statistically significantly improved with bendamustine treatment compared to other chemotherapy in three of the four trials that reported on it. One trial demonstrated a non statistically significant improvement of PFS. The risk of grade 3 or 4 adverse events was similar when bendamustine was compared to CHOP and fludarabine, and higher when compared to chlorambucil. Compared to chlorambucil quality of life was unaffected by bendamustine treatment (one trial, no meta‐analysis). Authors' conclusions As none of the currently available chemotherapeutic protocols for induction therapy in indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies confer a survival benefit and due to the improved progression‐free survival in each of the included trials, and a similar rate of grade 3 or 4 adverse events, bendamustine may be considered for the treatment of patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies. However, the unclear effect on survival and the higher rate of adverse events compared to chlorambucil in patients with CLL/SLL does not support the use of bendamustine for these patients. The effect of bendamustine combined with rituximab should be evaluated in randomised clinical trials with more homogenous populations and outcomes for specific subgroups of patients by type of lymphoma should be reported. Any future trial should evaluate the effect of bendamustine on quality of life. Plain language summary Bendamustine for patients with slow‐growing lymphoma Lymphoma is a cancer that originates from cells of the immune system in the lymph nodes, called lymphocytes. Slow‐growing (indolent) lymphoma is a group of lymphomas characterised by slow and continuous growth, a high initial response rate to treatment that target lymphoma cells (chemotherapy or rituximab), but a relapsing and progressive disease course. It includes follicular lymphoma, small lymphocytic lymphoma and chronic lymphocytic leukaemia, mantle cell lymphoma, lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma. With current therapy people with advanced‐stage indolent lymphoma will experience relapse of their disease. Bendamustine is a type of chemotherapy that can be given to people with indolent lymphoma. We conducted a review of the effect of bendamustine for people with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies. After searching for all relevant studies, we found five studies with 1343 people. Our findings are summarised below: In people with indolent B cell lymphoma: ‐ It is unclear whether bendamustine improves survival. ‐ Bendamustine may prevent or delay progression of lymphoma. ‐ Bendamustine may improve the response to treatment. ‐ Bendamustine probably causes more serious side effects than certain chemotherapeutic drugs (as the combination of adriamycin, cyclophosphamide, vincristine and prednisone; or as fludarabine) and the same or less than other types of chemotherapy (chlorambucil). ‐ Only one study assessed quality of life and this study did not report different results for both treatment groups. There were limitations to the review: the demographic characteristics of people that were involved in the studies, type of lymphoma, and the type of treatments that were given varied. Therefore it is difficult to draw clear conclusions.
Anti‐inflammatory treatment for carditis in acute rheumatic fever; Abstract - Background Rheumatic heart disease remains an important cause of acquired heart disease in developing countries. Although prevention of rheumatic fever and management of recurrences have been well established, optimal management of active rheumatic carditis remains unclear. This is an update of a review published in 2003, and previously updated in 2009 and 2012. Objectives To assess the effects, both harmful and beneficial, of anti‐inflammatory agents such as aspirin, corticosteroids and other drugs in preventing or reducing further valvular damage in patients with acute rheumatic fever. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (2013, Issue 9 of 12), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1948 to 2013 October Week 1), EMBASE (Ovid, 1980 to 2013 Week 41) and Latin American Caribbean Health Sciences Literature (LILACS) (1982 to 17 October 2013). We last searched Index Medicus (1950 to April 2001) in 2001. We checked reference lists of identified studies and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing anti‐inflammatory agents (e.g. aspirin, steroids, immunoglobulins, pentoxifylline) versus placebo or controls, or comparing any of the anti‐inflammatory agents versus one another, in adults and children with acute rheumatic fever diagnosed according to Jones, or modified Jones, criteria. The presence of cardiac disease one year after treatment was the major outcome criterion selected. Data collection and analysis Two review authors extracted data and assessed risk of bias using the methodology outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook of Systematic Reviews of Interventions . Standard methodological procedures as expected by The Cochrane Collaboration were used. Main results No new studies were included in this update. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people were selected for inclusion in the review. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Overall there were no observed significant differences in risk of cardiac disease at one year between corticosteroid‐treated and aspirin‐treated groups (six studies, 907 participants, risk ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.66 to 1.15). Similarly, use of prednisone (two studies, 212 participants, risk ratio 1.13, 95% confidence interval 0.52 to 2.45) compared with aspirin did not reduce the risk of heart disease after one year. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events. The three studies reporting on adverse events reported substantial adverse events. However, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. Authors' conclusions Little evidence of benefit was found when corticosteroids or intravenous immunoglobulins were used to reduce the risk of heart valve lesions in patients with acute rheumatic fever. The antiquity of most of the trials restricted adequate statistical analysis of the data and acceptable assessment of clinical outcomes by current standards. In addition, risk of bias was substantial, so results should be viewed with caution. New randomised controlled trials in patients with acute rheumatic fever are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroids such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and the effects of other new anti‐inflammatory agents. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes. Plain language summary Anti‐inflammatory treatment in the form of corticosteroids and immunotherapy to prevent heart damage resulting from rheumatic fever This is an update of a review published in 2003 and previously updated in 2009 and 2012. For this latest update, the search was rerun on 17 October 2013, and no new studies were found. Rheumatic fever is a late complication of a type of throat infection caused by streptococcal bacteria. It is an immune system disease that can lead to inflammatory disease of the heart (carditis), joints, brain and skin. Carditis can cause heart failure and death. Various anti‐inflammatory drugs have been used to treat carditis, including corticosteroids, aspirin and immunoglobulins (immune therapy using antibodies). No new trials were identified in this update. This review includes eight trials with 996 participants. Evidence shows little effect of corticosteroids over aspirin in preventing cardiac disease after one year (six studies, 907 participants, risk ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.66 to 1.15). Several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone were compared with aspirin before 1966, and prednisone and immunoglobulins were compared with placebo in studies from 1990 and 2001, respectively. Most studies did not report on adverse events, but those that did reported complications due to corticosteroids including weight gain, enlarged facial features and acne. Trials were generally old (six of the eight trials were conducted between 1955 and 1965), small and of poor quality and had high risk of bias. For this reason, results should be interpreted with caution.
Antihistamines used in addition to topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a very common chronic illness affecting 10% to 40% of children worldwide and its prevalence among children has significantly increased over the last two decades. Prevalence and severity are related to age, with children of school age most commonly affected. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and adverse event profile of antihistamines (oral or topical) used as an adjunct to topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); MEDLINE; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; mRCT and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 21 September 2009. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in children under the age of 18 with a history of allergic rhinitis, with or without allergic conjunctivitis or asthma, comparing topical nasal steroids with antihistamines to topical nasal steroids only. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Main results One study including 24 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. This study compared the administration of topical nasal steroids with oral antihistamines to topical nasal steroids only in children, but it did not provide sufficient data to address the clinical question of this review. Authors' conclusions In view of the lack of evidence for the benefit or lack of benefit of antihistamine add‐on therapy with topical nasal steroids for children with intermittent or persistent allergic rhinitis, it is important that clinicians are mindful of the adverse effects of antihistamines and the additional costs that may be incurred. Plain language summary Antihistamines as an addition to topical nasal steroids for allergic rhinitis in children Allergic rhinitis is a very common chronic illness affecting 10% to 40% of children worldwide. Seasonal allergic rhinitis (hay fever) is most common around springtime. The symptoms are mostly sneezing, a runny nose and watery eyes. We looked for trials that compared antihistamines (either oral or topical) in addition to a topical nasal steroid with a topical nasal steroid alone in children who had allergic rhinitis. We wanted to know whether adding antihistamines (oral or topical) in the therapy of children with allergic rhinitis who already use topical nasal steroids would have additional benefits for them. We found one trial that had been carried out in children comparing oral antihistamines in addition to topical nasal steroids with topical nasal steroids alone but it did not provide sufficient data to draw any conclusions. Most of the trials focused only on adults or included a small number of children. Unfortunately, the trials which included children along with adults did not report whether there were any differences in the effect of treatment or adverse effects in children in comparison with adults. We are therefore unable to draw a conclusion as to whether or not this combination therapy has beneficial effect in children with allergic rhinitis or whether the benefits are acceptable in terms of the adverse effects.
Cisplatin versus carboplatin in combination with third‐generation drugs for advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background Lung cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death in both sexes worldwide. Approximately 50% of those diagnosed with lung cancer will have locally advanced or metastatic disease and will be treated in a palliative setting. Platinum‐based combination chemotherapy has benefits in terms of survival and symptom control when compared with best supportive care. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of carboplatin‐based chemotherapy when compared with cisplatin‐based chemotherapy, both in combination with a third‐generation drug, in people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). To compare quality of life in people with advanced NSCLC receiving chemotherapy with cisplatin and carboplatin combined with a third‐generation drug. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 13 January 2019), MEDLINE (via PubMed) (1966 to 13 January 2019), and Embase (via Ovid) (1974 to 13 January 2019). In addition, we handsearched the proceedings of the American Society of Clinical Oncology Meetings (January 1990 to September 2018) and reference lists from relevant resources. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials (RCTs) comparing regimens with carboplatin or cisplatin combined with a third‐generation drug in people with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC. We accepted any regimen and number of cycles that included these drugs, since there is no widely accepted standard regimen. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the search results, and a third review author resolved any disagreements. The primary outcomes were overall survival and health‐related quality of life. The secondary outcomes were one‐year survival rate, objective response rate and toxicity. Main results In this updated review, we located one additional RCT, for a total of 11 included RCTs (5088 participants, 4046 of whom were available for meta‐analysis). There was no difference in overall survival (hazard ratio (HR) 0.99, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.82 to 1.20; 10 RCTs; 2515 participants; high‐quality evidence); one‐year survival rate (risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.08; I 2  = 17%; 4004 participants; all 11 RCTs; high‐quality evidence); or response rate (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.00; I 2  = 12%; all 11 RCTs; 4020 participants; high‐quality evidence). A subgroup analysis comparing carboplatin with different doses of cisplatin found an overall survival benefit in favour of carboplatin‐based regimens when compared to cisplatin at lower doses (40 to 80 mg/m 2 ) (HR 1.15, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.28; 6 RCTs; 2508 participants), although there was no overall survival benefit when carboplatin‐based chemotherapy was compared to cisplatin at higher doses (80 to 100 mg/m 2 ) (HR 0.93, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.04; I 2  = 0%; 4 RCTs; 1823 participants). Carboplatin caused more thrombocytopenia (RR 2.46, 95% CI 1.49 to 4.04; I 2  = 68%; 10 RCTs; 3670 participants) and was associated with more neurotoxicity (RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.91 to 2.23; I 2  = 0%, 5 RCTs; 1489 participants), although we believe this last finding is probably related to a confounding factor (higher dose of paclitaxel in the carboplatin‐containing treatment arm of a large study included in the analysis). There was no statistically significant difference in renal toxicity (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.45; I 2  = 3%; 3 RCTs; 1272 participants); alopecia (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.68; I 2  = 0%; 2 RCTs; 300 participants); anaemia (RR 1.37, 95% CI 0.79 to 2.38; I2 = 77%; 10 RCTs; 3857 participants); and neutropenia (RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.63; I 2  = 94%; 10 RCTs; 3857 participants) between cisplatin‐based chemotherapy and carboplatin‐based chemotherapy regimens. Two RCTs performed a health‐related quality of life analysis; however, as they used different methods of measurement we were unable to perform a meta‐analysis. One RCT reported comparative health‐related quality of life data between cisplatin and carboplatin‐containing arms but found no significant differences in global indices of quality of life, including global health status or functional scales. In this Cochrane review, we found that the quality of evidence was high for overall survival, one‐year survival rate and response rate but moderate quality evidence for the other outcomes measured. Authors' conclusions Advanced NSCL patients treated with carboplatin or cisplatin doublet with third‐generation chemotherapy drugs showed equivalent overall survival, one‐year survival, and response rate. Regarding adverse events, carboplatin caused more thrombocytopenia, and cisplatin caused more nausea/vomiting. Therefore, in this palliative therapeutic intent, the choice of the platin compound should take into account the expected toxicity profile, patient's comorbidities and preferences. Plain language summary Comparing carboplatin‐based chemotherapy with cisplatin‐based chemotherapy in the treatment of people with advanced lung cancer Review question Is carboplatin more effective and less toxic than cisplatin in the treatment of people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer? Background Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death, and more than a half of people found to have the cancer have incurable disease at diagnosis. Non‐small cell is the most common type of lung cancer, corresponding to approximately 85% of all lung cancer cases. Despite recent advances in targeted therapies and immunotherapy, platinum‐based chemotherapy remains a useful and accessible option with well‐established survival benefits for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer. Although treatment regimens including cisplatin or carboplatin plus another agent are widely used, they can be associated with undesirable side effects. The aim of this systematic review was to determine which of these two frequently used drugs was more effective and caused fewer side effects. Study characteristics We found 11 trials (including 4046 people) that compared cisplatin with carboplatin, both combined with another modern drug, called a third‐generation drug. Key results The drugs were equally effective at prolonging survival, but the toxicity profile was different. Carboplatin caused a greater decrease in the number of platelets (which control clotting) in the blood. Quality of evidence In this Cochrane review, we found that the quality of evidence was high for overall survival, one‐year survival rate and response rate but moderate quality evidence for the other outcomes measured.
alemtuzumab versus interferon beta 1a for relapsing‐remitting multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Alemtuzumab is a humanised monoclonal antibody that alters the circulating lymphocyte pool, causing prolonged lymphopenia, thus remoulding the immune repertoire that accompanies homeostatic lymphocyte reconstitution. It has been proved more effective than interferon (IFN) 1a for the treatment of relapsing‐remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). Objectives To compare the efficacy, tolerability and safety of alemtuzumab versus interferon beta 1a in the treatment of people with RRMS to prevent disease activity. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Multiple Sclerosis and Rare Diseases of the CNS Group Trials Register (1 February 2017) which, among other sources, contains records from CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, LILACS, PEDRO and the trial registry databases Clinical Trials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform for all prospectively registered and ongoing trials. Selection criteria All double‐blind, randomised, controlled trials comparing intravenous alemtuzumab (12 mg per day or 24 mg per day on five consecutive days during the first month and on three consecutive days at months 12, 24, 36) versus subcutaneous IFN beta 1a (Rebif), 22 μg or 44 μg three times per week, or IFN beta 1a (Avonex) by intramuscular injection 30 μg once a week, in people of any gender and age with RRMS. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included three trials involving 1694 participants. All trials compared alemtuzumab 12 mg per day or 24 mg per day versus IFN beta 1a for treating RRMS. In CAMMS223, participants received either subcutaneous IFN beta 1a 44 μg three times per week or annual intravenous cycles of alemtuzumab (at a dose of 12 mg per day or 24 mg per day) for 36 months. In CARE‐MS I and CARE‐MS II, participants received subcutaneous IFN beta 1a 44 μg three times per week or annual intravenous cycles of alemtuzumab 12 mg per day for 24 months. All three studies were at risk of performance bias and attrition bias, one study was 'unclear' risk in selection bias. Compared with interferon beta 1a, alemtuzumab given at a dose of 12 mg per day probably reduces the risk of relapse (risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.52 to 0.70, moderate quality evidence), may reduce the risk of worsening disability (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.79, low quality evidence) and the risk of developing new T2 lesions on magnetic resonance imaging (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.93, low quality evidence) after 24 and 36 months' follow‐up. Mean Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) scores may be similar between the treatment regimens (mean difference (MD) ‐0.35, 95% CI ‐0.73 to 0.03, low quality evidence). At a dose of 24 mg per day alemtuzumab may reduce relapse (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.62, low quality evidence), worsening disability (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.84, low quality evidence). The effects on EDSS scores when compared with interferon beta 1a at three years are uncertain due to the very low quality of evidence (MD ‐0.83, 95% CI ‐1.17 to ‐0.49). All three trials reported adverse events and serious adverse events. The risk of experiencing an adverse event in either alemtuzumab 12 mg or interferon groups may be similar (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.08, low quality evidence). The risk of serious adverse events is probably similar between treatments (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.29, moderate quality evidence). The risk of any adverse event may be similar between alemtuzumab 24 mg and interferon (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.08, low quality evidence). The risk of serious adverse events is probably similar between treatments (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.31, moderate quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Annual intravenous cycles of alemtuzumab at a dose of 12 mg per day probably reduces the proportion of participants who experience relapse, may reduce the proportion of participants who experience disability worsening and development of new T2 lesions on MRI over 2 to 3 years in comparison with subcutaneous IFN beta‐1a 44 μg three times per week. Annual intravenous cycles of alemtuzumab at a dose of 24 mg per day may reduce the proportion of participants who experience relapse and disability worsening over 3 years in comparison with subcutaneous IFN beta‐1a 44 μg three times per week. An average reduction of 0.8 EDSS units with alemtuzumab compared with interferon beta‐1a was observed at a dose of 24 mg per day in one study. The rates of adverse events were similarly high for both treatments. The most frequently reported adverse events for both treatments were infusion‐associated reactions, infections and autoimmune events. The use of alemtuzumab requires careful monitoring so that potentially serious adverse events can be treated early and effectively. Plain language summary Alemtuzumab, a humanised monoclonal antibody, as possible alternative therapy to interferon beta 1a in people with RRMS Background Multiple sclerosis is a progressive disease of the central nervous system where the person's own body destroys the coating that protects nerves. The disease may go into remission (where the symptoms reduce or stop) and then relapse (where the symptoms return). This is called relapsing‐remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). Medicines called monoclonal antibodies (such as alemtuzumab) could be a possible alternative immunotherapy (treatment to stimulate the immune system) to interferon beta treatment (one of the usual treatments) in people with RRMS. In this review, we aimed to compare the benefits, side effects and safety of alemtuzumab versus interferon beta 1a in the treatment of people with RRMS. Study characteristics We searched medical databases and found three studies involving 1694 participants (CAMMS223, CARE‐MS I and CARE‐MS II). CAMMS223 involved people with previously untreated, early RRMS. Participants received either subcutaneous (under the skin) interferon beta 1a (at a dose of 44 μg) three times per week or annual intravenous (into a vein) courses of alemtuzumab (at a dose of either 12 mg per day or 24 mg per day) for 36 months. CARE‐MS I enrolled adults aged 18 to 50 years with previously untreated RRMS. Participants received annual intravenous courses of alemtuzumab 12 mg per day or subcutaneous interferon beta 1a 44 μg three times per week for 24 months. CARE‐MS II enrolled adults aged 18 to 55 years with RRMS and at least one relapse while on interferon beta or glatiramer (another medicine that alters the immune response) treatment. Participants received subcutaneous interferon beta 1a 44 μg three times per week, annual intravenous courses of alemtuzumab 12 mg per day or annual intravenous courses of alemtuzumab 24 mg per day for 24 months. The evidence is current to 1 February 2017. Key results The review of trials found that, compared with subcutaneous interferon beta 1a three times per week, annual intravenous cycles of alemtuzumab probably reduces the proportion of participants who experience relapse, may reduce the proportion of participants who experience disability worsening and development of new T2 lesions on MRI. In one study, alemtuzumab 24 mg leads to slightly better EDSS scores when compared with interferon beta 1a. The rates of adverse events were similarly high for both treatments. The most frequently reported adverse events for both treatments were infusion‐associated reactions, infections and autoimmune events. The use of alemtuzumab requires careful monitoring so that potentially serious adverse events can be treated early and effectively. Quality of the evidence The quality of the body of evidence obtained for each outcome is mainly low except for the number of participants experiencing at least one relapse for which the quality of evidence was moderate.
Aerobic physical exercise for adult patients with haematological malignancies; Abstract - Background Although people with haematological malignancies have to endure long phases of therapy and immobility, which is known to diminish their physical performance level, the advice to rest and avoid intensive exercises is still common practice. This recommendation is partly due to the severe anaemia and thrombocytopenia from which many patients suffer. The inability to perform activities of daily living restricts them, diminishes their quality of life and can influence medical therapy. Objectives In this update of the original review (published in 2014) our main objective was to re‐evaluate the efficacy, safety and feasibility of aerobic physical exercise for adults suffering from haematological malignancies considering the current state of knowledge. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( t he Cochrane Library, 2018, Issue 7) and MEDLINE (1950 to July 2018) trials registries (ISRCTN, EU clinical trials register and clinicaltrials.gov) and conference proceedings. We did not apply any language restrictions. Two review authors independently screened search results, disagreements were solved by discussion. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing an aerobic physical exercise intervention, intending to improve the oxygen system, in addition to standard care with standard care only for adults suffering from haematological malignancies. We also included studies that evaluated aerobic exercise in addition to strength training. We excluded studies that investigated the effect of training programmes that were composed of yoga, tai chi chuan, qigong or similar types of exercise. We also excluded studies exploring the influence of strength training without additive aerobic exercise as well as studies assessing outcomes without any clinical impact. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened search results, extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. We used risk ratios (RRs) for adverse events, mortality and 100‐day survival, standardised mean differences (SMD) for quality of life (QoL), fatigue, and physical performance, and mean differences (MD) for anthropometric measurements. Main results In this update, nine trials could be added to the nine trials of the first version of the review, thus we included eighteen RCTs involving 1892 participants. Two of these studies (65 participants) did not provide data for our key outcomes (they analysed laboratory values only) and one study (40 patients) could not be included in the meta‐analyses, as results were presented as changes scores only and not as endpoint scores. One trial (17 patients) did not report standard errors and could also not be included in meta‐analyses. The overall potential risk of bias in the included trials is unclear, due to poor reporting. The majority of participants suffered from acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), acute myeloid leukaemia (AML), malignant lymphoma and multiple myeloma, and eight trials randomised people receiving stem cell transplantation. Mostly, the exercise intervention consisted of various walking intervention programmes with different duration and intensity levels. Our primary endpoint overall survival (OS) was only reported in one of these studies. The study authors found no evidence for a difference between both arms (RR = 0.67; P = 0.112). Six trials (one trial with four arms, analysed as two sub‐studies) reported numbers of deceased participants during the course of the study or during the first 100 to 180 days. For the outcome mortality, there is no evidence for a difference between participants exercising and those in the control group (RR 1.10; 95% CI 0.79 to 1.52; P = 0.59; 1172 participants, low‐certainty evidence). For the following outcomes, higher numbers indicate better outcomes, with 1 being the best result for the standardised mean differences. Eight studies analysed the influence of exercise intervention on QoL. It remains unclear, whether physical exercise improves QoL (SMD 0.11; 95% CI ‐0.03 to 0.24; 1259 participants, low‐certainty evidence). There is also no evidence for a difference for the subscales physical functioning (SMD 0.15; 95% CI ‐0.01 to 0.32; 8 trials, 1329 participants, low‐certainty evidence) and anxiety (SMD 0.03; 95% CI ‐0.30 to 0.36; 6 trials, 445 participants, very low‐certainty evidence). Depression might slightly be improved by exercising (SMD 0.19; 95% CI 0.0 to 0.38; 6 trials, 445 participants, low‐certainty evidence). There is moderate‐certainty evidence that exercise probably improves fatigue (SMD 0.31; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.48; 9 trials, 826 patients). Six trials (435 participants) investigated serious adverse events. We are very uncertain, whether additional exercise leads to more serious adverse events (RR 1.39; 95% CI 0.94 to 2.06), based on very low‐certainty evidence. In addition, we are aware of four ongoing trials. However, none of these trials stated, how many patients they will recruit and when the studies will be completed, thus, potential influence of these trials for the current analyses remains unclear. Authors' conclusions Eighteen, mostly small RCTs did not identify evidence for a difference in terms of mortality. Physical exercise added to standard care might improve fatigue and depression. Currently, there is inconclusive evidence regarding QoL, physical functioning, anxiety and SAEs . We need further trials with more participants and longer follow‐up periods to evaluate the effects of exercise intervention for people suffering from haematological malignancies. To enhance comparability of study data, development and implementation of core sets of measuring devices would be helpful. Plain language summary The role of aerobic physical exercise for adults with haematological malignancies What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out whether aerobic physical exercise can improve health, or play a supporting role for adult patients suffering from haematological malignancies. We collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 18 relevant studies, of whom 14 reported our pre‐defined patient‐relevant outcomes. Key messages Aerobic physical exercise probably has a positive effect on fatigue and depression of patients with haematological malignancies. Evidence related to mortality, quality of life, and serious adverse events is still unclear. What was studied in the review? Haematological malignancies are tumours of the blood‐forming system, such as lymphomas, leukaemias, myelomas, myelodysplastic syndromes and myeloproliferative diseases. These diseases represent approximately seven per cent of new cancer diagnoses worldwide. Treatment strategies include wait‐and‐watch approaches, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, immunotherapy and stem cell transplantation, as well as supportive care to prevent, control or treat complications and side effects.    Although these patients have to endure long phases of therapy and immobility, which has a negative effect on their physical performance level, it is still common practice to recommend rest and to avoid intensive exercise.    There are several studies and approaches that try to establish another strategy and to include physical exercise, especially aerobic physical exercise, into the treatment strategy of haematological malignancies. In detail, these exercise programmes consist of aerobic, resistance and flexibility components, partly home‐based. Some prefer it to be integrated in daily living. A common method is also the use of tools such as bicycle ergometers or stretch bands as well as walking exercises. Aerobic physical exercise might improve oxygen supply to muscles and tissues of the body. What are the main results of the review? The review authors of this review update identified nine new trials which could be added to the nine trials of the first version of this review. Of these 18 trials, 14 trials provided sufficient data to be meta‐analysed. Although six trials reported how many participants died during the study period or during the first 100 days, there is no evidence for differences in this outcome between the exercise group and the control group. Eight trials measured quality of life, physical functioning and anxiety and did not show any evidence for a difference between additional exercise and usual care. There might be a benefit for the exercise group in terms of fatigue and depression. The evidence for serious adverse events is based on very low certainty, therefore results are still uncertain. In addition, we are aware of four ongoing trials. However, none of these trials stated, how many patients they will recruit and when the studies will be terminated, thus, potential influence of these trials for the current analyses remains unclear. How up‐to‐date is the review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to July 2018.
Chemotherapy and radiotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer; Abstract - Background Pancreatic cancer (PC) is a highly lethal disease with few effective treatment options. Over the past few decades, many anti‐cancer therapies have been tested in the locally advanced and metastatic setting, with mixed results. This review attempts to synthesise all the randomised data available to help better inform patient and clinician decision‐making when dealing with this difficult disease. Objectives To assess the effect of chemotherapy, radiotherapy or both for first‐line treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer. Our primary outcome was overall survival, while secondary outcomes include progression‐free survival, grade 3/4 adverse events, therapy response and quality of life. Search methods We searched for published and unpublished studies in CENTRAL (searched 14 June 2017), Embase (1980 to 14 June 2017), MEDLINE (1946 to 14 June 2017) and CANCERLIT (1999 to 2002) databases. We also handsearched all relevant conference abstracts published up until 14 June 2017. Selection criteria All randomised studies assessing overall survival outcomes in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Chemotherapy and radiotherapy, alone or in combination, were the eligible treatments. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently analysed studies, and a third settled any disputes. We extracted data on overall survival (OS), progression‐free survival (PFS), response rates, adverse events (AEs) and quality of life (QoL), and we assessed risk of bias for each study. Main results We included 42 studies addressing chemotherapy in 9463 patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. We did not identify any eligible studies on radiotherapy. We did not find any benefit for chemotherapy over best supportive care. However, two identified studies did not have sufficient data to be included in the analysis, and many of the chemotherapy regimens studied were outdated. Compared to gemcitabine alone, participants receiving 5FU had worse OS (HR 1.69, 95% CI 1.26 to 2.27, moderate‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.92) and QoL. On the other hand, two studies showed FOLFIRINOX was better than gemcitabine for OS (HR 0.51 95% CI 0.43 to 0.60, moderate‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 0.46, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.57) and response rates (RR 3.38, 95% CI 2.01 to 5.65), but it increased the rate of side effects. The studies evaluating CO‐101, ZD9331 and exatecan did not show benefit or harm when compared with gemcitabine alone. Giving gemcitabine at a fixed dose rate improved OS (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.94, high‐quality evidence) but increased the rate of side effects when compared with bolus dosing. When comparing gemcitabine combinations to gemcitabine alone, gemcitabine plus platinum improved PFS (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.68 to 0.95) and response rates (RR 1.48, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.98) but not OS (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.08, low‐quality evidence). The rate of side effects increased. Gemcitabine plus fluoropyrimidine improved OS (HR 0.88, 95% CI 0.81 to 0.95), PFS (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.87) and response rates (RR 1.78, 95% CI 1.29 to 2.47, high‐quality evidence), but it also increased side effects. Gemcitabine plus topoisomerase inhibitor did not improve survival outcomes but did increase toxicity. One study demonstrated that gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel improved OS (HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.84, high‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.82) and response rates (RR 3.29, 95% CI 2.24 to 4.84) but increased side effects. Gemcitabine‐containing multi‐drug combinations (GEMOXEL or cisplatin/epirubicin/5FU/gemcitabine) improved OS (HR 0.55, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.79, low‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 0.43, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.62) and QOL. We did not find any survival advantages when comparing 5FU combinations to 5FU alone. Authors' conclusions Combination chemotherapy has recently overtaken the long‐standing gemcitabine as the standard of care. FOLFIRINOX and gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel are highly efficacious, but our analysis shows that other combination regimens also offer a benefit. Selection of the most appropriate chemotherapy for individual patients still remains difficult, with clinicopathological stratification remaining elusive. Biomarker development is essential to help rationalise treatment selection for patients. Plain language summary The effects of anti‐cancer therapies on advanced pancreatic cancer Review question This review aimed to answer the question, which therapies are the most effective for advanced pancreatic cancer? Background Pancreatic cancer (PC) is a serious, often fatal disease, and many people are not diagnosed until they have advanced tumours that cannot be removed with surgery. Symptoms include abdominal pain, weight loss, and yellowing of the skin and eyes. Up until recently, gemcitabine was the standard drug for treating advanced pancreatic cancer, but this gave people only a modest benefit. Study characteristics We looked for all studies in people with pancreatic cancer that could not be operated on (locally advanced) or that had already spread beyond the pancreas (metastatic). We found 42 clinical studies involving 9463 participants who were receiving their first therapy for PC. Our search is current to June 2017. The studies compared one therapy against either best supportive care (symptom management only) or another type of therapy. Studies had to evaluate overall survival (or time to death). The study could be testing either chemotherapy (drugs that kill or slow the growth of cancer cells) or radiotherapy (X‐ray treatment). We collected data on survival, tumour response rate, side effects and quality of life. The results of clinical studies addressing targeted/biological therapies, immunotherapies, second‐line therapies and local treatments for locally advanced disease will be reported in a separate Cochrane Review. Key results This review has shown that in advanced disease, combination chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan, oxaliplatin combination); GEMOXEL (gemcitabine, oxaliplatin and capecitabine); cisplatin/epirubicin/5FU/gemcitabine; gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel; and gemcitabine plus a fluoropyrimidine agent, provide a survival advantage over gemcitabine alone. These combinations do increase side effects. Gemcitabine given slowly using a fixed rate of infusion may be more effective than giving it in the standard way, which is quickly over 30 minutes. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence varied greatly amongst comparisons. The highest quality evidence was for gemcitabine versus fixed dose rate gemcitabine and some of the gemcitabine combinations (fluoropyrimidine, topoisomerase, and taxane). We judged the studies for quality using factors like how well they were conducted, how well they reported results and whether they used a placebo.
Nasal saline irrigations for the symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis; Reason for withdrawal from publication Review withdrawn from Issue 4, 2016. Review replaced by 'Saline irrigation for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Chong 2016). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Exercise interventions for adults with cancer receiving radiation therapy alone; Abstract - Background Radiation therapy (RT) is given to about half of all people with cancer. RT alone is used to treat various cancers at different stages. Although it is a local treatment, systemic symptoms may occur. Cancer‐ or treatment‐related side effects can lead to a reduction in physical activity, physical performance, and quality of life (QoL). The literature suggests that physical exercise can reduce the risk of various side effects of cancer and cancer treatments, cancer‐specific mortality, recurrence of cancer, and all‐cause mortality. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of exercise plus standard care compared with standard care alone in adults with cancer receiving RT alone. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Ovid), CINAHL, conference proceedings and trial registries up to 26 October 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled people who were receiving RT without adjuvant systemic treatment for any type or stage of cancer. We considered any type of exercise intervention, defined as a planned, structured, repetitive, objective‐oriented physical activity programme in addition to standard care. We excluded exercise interventions that involved physiotherapy alone, relaxation programmes, and multimodal approaches that combined exercise with other non‐standard interventions such as nutritional restriction. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology and the GRADE approach for assessing the certainty of the evidence. Our primary outcome was fatigue and the secondary outcomes were QoL, physical performance, psychosocial effects, overall survival, return to work, anthropometric measurements, and adverse events. Main results Database searching identified 5875 records, of which 430 were duplicates. We excluded 5324 records and the remaining 121 references were assessed for eligibility. We included three two‐arm RCTs with 130 participants. Cancer types were breast and prostate cancer. Both treatment groups received the same standard care, but the exercise groups also participated in supervised exercise programmes several times per week while undergoing RT. Exercise interventions included warm‐up, treadmill walking (in addition to cycling and stretching and strengthening exercises in one study), and cool‐down. In some analysed endpoints (fatigue, physical performance, QoL), there were baseline differences between exercise and control groups. We were unable to pool the results of the different studies owing to substantial clinical heterogeneity. All three studies measured fatigue. Our analyses, presented below, showed that exercise may reduce fatigue (positive SMD values signify less fatigue; low certainty). • Standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.27 to 1.64; 37 participants (fatigue measured with Brief Fatigue Inventory (BFI)) • SMD 2.42, 95% CI 1.71 to 3.13; 54 participants (fatigue measured with BFI) • SMD 1.44, 95% CI 0.46 to 2.42; 21 participants (fatigue measured with revised Piper Fatigue Scale) All three studies measured QoL, although one provided insufficient data for analysis. Our analyses, presented below, showed that exercise may have little or no effect on QoL (positive SMD values signify better QoL; low certainty). • SMD 0.40, 95% CI −0.26 to 1.05; 37 participants (QoL measured with Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy‐Prostate) • SMD 0.47, 95% CI −0.40 to 1.34; 21 participants (QoL measured with World Health Organization QoL questionnaire (WHOQOL‐BREF)) All three studies measured physical performance. Our analyses of two studies, presented below, showed that exercise may improve physical performance, but we are very unsure about the results (positive SMD values signify better physical performance; very low certainty) • SMD 1.25, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.97; 37 participants (shoulder mobility and pain measured on a visual analogue scale) • SMD⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠⁠ 3.13 (95% CI 2.32 to 3.95; 54 participants (physical performance measured with the six‐minute walk test) Our analyses of data from the third study showed that exercise may have little or no effect on physical performance measured with the stand‐and‐sit test, but we are very unsure about the results (SMD 0.00, 95% CI −0.86 to 0.86, positive SMD values signify better physical performance; 21 participants; very low certainty). Two studies measured psychosocial effects. Our analyses (presented below) showed that exercise may have little or no effect on psychosocial effects, but we are very unsure about the results (positive SMD values signify better psychosocial well‐being; very low certainty). • SMD 0.48, 95% CI −0.18 to 1.13; 37 participants (psychosocial effects measured on the WHOQOL‐BREF social subscale) • SMD 0.29, 95% CI −0.57 to 1.15; 21 participants (psychosocial effects measured with the Beck Depression Inventory) Two studies recorded adverse events related to the exercise programmes and reported no events. We estimated the certainty of the evidence as very low. No studies reported adverse events unrelated to exercise. No studies reported the other outcomes we intended to analyse (overall survival, anthropometric measurements, return to work). Authors' conclusions There is little evidence on the effects of exercise interventions in people with cancer who are receiving RT alone. While all included studies reported benefits for the exercise intervention groups in all assessed outcomes, our analyses did not consistently support this evidence. There was low‐certainty evidence that exercise improved fatigue in all three studies. Regarding physical performance, our analysis showed very low‐certainty evidence of a difference favouring exercise in two studies, and very low‐certainty evidence of no difference in one study. We found very low‐certainty evidence of little or no difference between the effects of exercise and no exercise on quality of life or psychosocial effects. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for possible outcome reporting bias, imprecision due to small sample sizes in a small number of studies, and indirectness of outcomes. In summary, exercise may have some beneficial outcomes in people with cancer who are receiving RT alone, but the evidence supporting this statement is of low certainty. There is a need for high‐quality research on this topic. Plain language summary Exercise interventions for adults with cancer who are receiving radiation therapy without additional cancer therapy What is radiation therapy? Radiation therapy (also called radiotherapy) is a treatment that delivers high doses of radiation to a specific part of the body to kill cancer cells. One in two people with cancer will undergo radiation therapy. Some people receive radiation therapy alone, while others receive radiation therapy combined with other cancer treatments that affect the whole body (chemotherapy, immunotherapy, or hormone therapy). The unwanted effects of radiation therapy usually affect the part of the body where the radiation is delivered, but there may also be symptoms that affect the whole body. These unwanted effects can lead to reduced physical activity, physical performance, and quality of life. There is evidence that people with cancer who perform exercise may be less likely to die from cancer or from other causes, may be less likely to have their cancer return, and may have fewer unwanted effects of cancer treatment.  What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if exercise could help to improve the following outcomes in people with cancer receiving radiation therapy alone. • Fatigue • Quality of life • Physical performance • Psychosocial effects (such as depression) • Overall survival • Return to work • Anthropometric measurements (such as weight) • Unwanted effects What did we do? We searched electronic medical literature databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled people with all types and stages of cancer who were receiving RT alone. Eligible RCTs randomly assigned some participants to receive any type of exercise intervention plus standard care and others to standard care alone. We excluded exercise interventions that involved physiotherapy alone, relaxation programmes, or combination programmes with exercise and, for example, dietary restrictions. We compared the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We included three studies that enrolled 130 people with breast or prostate cancer. The exercise groups participated in a supervised exercise programme three to five times per week for five to eight weeks. The exercise interventions included warm‐up, aerobic exercise, and cool‐down. We analysed the differences between the exercise groups and control groups in the outcome values after radiation therapy. We could not compare the differences between the groups in the change in outcome values from before to after radiotherapy because the studies did not provide enough information for this comparison. In some outcomes (fatigue, physical performance, quality of life), there were already differences between the exercise and control groups at the beginning of the studies. Exercise may improve fatigue and may have little or no effect on quality of life. Exercise may improve physical performance, but we are very uncertain about the results. Exercise may have little or no effect on psychosocial effects, but we are very uncertain about the results. Two studies reported no unwanted effects of exercise. No studies measured our other outcomes of interest.  Exercise programmes in people with cancer receiving RT alone may provide some benefits, but the evidence to support this is poor. Due to the lack of evidence, we could not detect and also not rule out clear differences in outcomes. What are the limitations of the evidence? We have little or very little confidence in the evidence because the results are based on a small number of studies that enrolled very few people, because the people in two studies knew which group they were in, and because the evidence focused on a specific population whereas the question we wanted to answer was broader. Further research is likely to change our results. How up to date is the evidence? The evidence is up to date to 26 October 2022.
Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin for relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer; Abstract - Background Cancer of ovarian, fallopian tube and peritoneal origin, referred to collectively as ovarian cancer, is the eighth most common cancer in women and is often diagnosed at an advanced stage. Women with relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) are less well and have a limited life expectancy, therefore maintaining quality of life with effective symptom control is an important aim of treatment. However, the unwanted effects of chemotherapy agents may be severe, and optimal treatment regimens are unclear. Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD), which contains a cytotoxic drug called doxorubicin hydrochloride, is one of several treatment modalities that may be considered for treatment of relapsed EOCs. This is an update of the original Cochrane Review which was published in Issue 7, 2013. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of PLD, with or without other anti‐cancer drugs, in women with relapsed high grade epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE (via Ovid) and Embase (via Ovid) from 1990 to January 2022. We also searched online registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings and reference lists of included studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated PLD in women diagnosed with relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data to a pre‐designed data collection form and assessed the risk of bias according to the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions  guidelines. Where possible, we pooled collected data in meta‐analyses. Main results This is an update of a previous review with 12 additional studies, so this updated review includes a total of 26 RCTs with 8277 participants that evaluated the effects of PLD alone or in combination with other drugs in recurrent EOC: seven in platinum‐sensitive disease (2872 participants); 11 in platinum‐resistant disease (3246 participants); and eight that recruited individuals regardless of platinum sensitivity status (2079 participants). The certainty of the evidence was assessed for the three most clinically relevant comparisons out of eight comparisons identified in the included RCTs. Recurrent platinum‐sensitive EOC PLD with conventional chemotherapy agent compared to alternative combination chemotherapy likely results in little to no difference in overall survival (OS) (hazard ratio (HR) 0.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.04; 5 studies, 2006 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) but likely increases progression‐free survival (PFS) (HR 0.81, 95% CI 0.74 to 0.89; 5 studies, 2006 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The combination may slightly improve quality of life at three months post‐randomisation, measured using European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire C30 (mean difference 4.80, 95% CI 0.92 to 8.68; 1 study, 608 participants; low‐certainty evidence), but this may not represent a clinically meaningful difference. PLD in combination with another chemotherapy agent compared to alternative combination chemotherapy likely results in little to no difference in the rate of overall severe adverse events (grade ≥ 3) (risk ratio (RR) 1.11, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.30; 2 studies, 834 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). PLD with chemotherapy likely increases anaemia (grade ≥ 3) (RR 1.37, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.85; 5 studies, 1961 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of PLD with conventional chemotherapy on hand‐foot syndrome (HFS)(grade ≥ 3) (RR 4.01, 95% CI 1.00 to 16.01; 2 studies, 1028 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) and neurological events (grade ≥ 3) (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.74; 4 studies, 1900 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Recurrent platinum‐resistant EOC PLD alone compared to another conventional chemotherapy likely results in little to no difference in OS (HR 0.96, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.19; 6 studies, 1995 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of PLD on PFS (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.04; 4 studies, 1803 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), overall severe adverse events (grade ≥ 3) (RR ranged from 0.61 to 0.97; 2 studies, 964 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), anaemia (grade ≥ 3) (RR ranged from 0.19 to 0.82; 5 studies, 1968 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), HFS (grade ≥ 3) (RR ranged from 15.19 to 109.15; 6 studies, 2184 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), and the rate of neurological events (grade ≥ 3)(RR ranged from 0.08 to 3.09; 3 studies, 1222 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). PLD with conventional chemotherapy compared to PLD alone likely results in little to no difference in OS (HR 0.92, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.21; 1 study, 242 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and it may result in little to no difference in PFS (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.22; 2 studies, 353 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The combination likely increases overall severe adverse events (grade ≥ 3) (RR 2.48, 95% CI 1.98 to 3.09; 1 study, 663 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and anaemia (grade ≥ 3) (RR 2.38, 95% CI 1.46 to 3.87; 2 studies, 785 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), but likely results in a large reduction in HFS (grade ≥ 3) (RR 0.24, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.40; 2 studies, 785 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). It may result in little to no difference in neurological events (grade ≥ 3) (RR 1.40, 95% CI 0.85 to 2.31; 1 study, 663 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions In platinum‐sensitive relapsed EOC, including PLD in a combination chemotherapy regimen probably makes little to no difference in OS compared to other combinations, but likely improves PFS. Choice of chemotherapy will therefore be guided by symptoms from previous chemotherapy and other patient considerations. Single‐agent PLD remains a useful agent for platinum‐resistant relapsed EOC and choice of agent at relapse will depend on patient factors, e.g. degree of bone marrow suppression or neurotoxicity from previous treatments. Adding another agent to PLD likely increases overall grade ≥ 3 adverse events with little to no improvement in survival outcomes. The limited evidence relating to PLD in combination with other agents in platinum‐resistant relapsed EOC does not indicate a benefit, but there is some evidence of increased side effects. Plain language summary What are the harms and benefits of using pegylated liposomal doxorubicin in women with recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer, alone or in combination with other drugs? What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review update was to summarise benefits and unwanted effects of using a coated form of a chemotherapy drug, pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD), for treatment of women with epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) that had progressed/returned after initial treatment. The review authors collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 26 studies, adding 12 studies to the original version of this review. Key messages Women whose EOC returned more than six months after finishing their last treatment who were treated with PLD alongside other chemotherapy survived for a similar length of time to women treated with alternative combinations. It may also take longer for their cancer to re‐grow than with alternative combinations. Quality of life may slightly improve with PLD treatment. Apart from anaemia, which was more common in women taking the PLD treatment, severe side effects were similar to those seen in women on alternative combinations. In women whose EOC returned within six months of finishing their last platinum treatment, PLD alongside other chemotherapy, versus alterative combination chemotherapy, probably works as well in terms of improving how long they live, but we are uncertain about other unwanted effects and benefits. PLD alongside other chemotherapy versus PLD alone likely makes little difference in how long women survive, and may make little difference in how long it takes for their cancer to re‐grow, but the combination likely increases overall severe unwanted effects and the risk of severe anaemia. What was studied in this review? The choice of chemotherapy in women with relapsed EOC is influenced by the duration of platinum‐free interval (length of time from the last platinum‐based chemotherapy to the time of disease progression). This is because a short 'platinum‐free interval' suggests that their disease will no longer respond to platinum‐based chemotherapy. Women who relapse within one month of receiving platinum therapy, or who progress on therapy have 'platinum‐refractory' disease; women who relapse between one and six months after platinum therapy have 'platinum‐resistant' disease; and women who relapse more than six months after platinum therapy have 'platinum‐sensitive' disease. Doxorubicin hydrochloride is an anti‐cancer drug that works by interfering with cancer cell DNA. However, it can have unwanted effects on the heart. Coating the drug within a protective shell allows it to reach higher concentrations in cancer cells whilst protecting the heart. This coated chemotherapy is called pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD). We wanted to determine how PLD could be used best in women with EOC that has returned, Most of these women will have a limited life expectancy, so consideration of quality of life is important in making treatment choices. One specific side effect of PLD is called hand‐foot syndrome (HFS). This is reddening, swelling, numbness and skin peeling of the palms of the hands and soles of the feet. What are the main results of the review? We added 12 studies to the previous review, so now include 26 studies with a total of 8277 women with recurrent EOC. Seven studies looked at platinum‐sensitive disease (2827 women); 11 platinum‐resistant disease (3246 women); and eight recruited women who had both platinum‐sensitivity and platinum resistant disease (2079 women). Recurrent platinum‐sensitive EOC We found five studies for women with platinum‐sensitive disease using PLD in combination with chemotherapy versus alternative combination chemotherapy. The PLD combination likely makes little difference in how long women survive (overall survival, OS), but likely increases the time to further relapse (progression‐free survival, PFS). There may be a slight improvement in quality of life. There may be little to no difference in the overall number of severe unwanted effects, although adding PLD causes more anaemia. We are uncertain about the effect of PLD with chemotherapy on other individual unwanted effects. Recurrent platinum‐resistant EOC We found six studies for women with platinum‐resistant disease using PLD alone compared to conventional chemotherapy. PLD alone likely makes little difference in OS. We are very uncertain about the effect on PFS, overall severe unwanted effects (i.e. those that require hospital treatment, e.g. blood transfusion), severe anaemia (grade ≥ 3), HFS, and the rate of severe unwanted effects on the nervous system (e.g. permanent numbness in fingers and toes). We found two studies that compared PLD alongside other chemotherapy combination with PLD alone. PLD in combination likely makes little difference in OS, and it may make little difference in PFS. The combination likely increases overall severe unwanted effects and anaemia. Combination treatment likely results in a large reduction in HFS, but may result in little difference in unwanted effects on the nervous system. Several studies compared PLD alone with new targeted agents or immunotherapy, but we are very uncertain about the benefit of adding these to PLD. How up to date is this review? We searched electronic databases and other resources for studies of PLD for relapsed EOC, and included 26 studies up to January 2022.
Maintenance therapy for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; Abstract - Background Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) is the most common lymphoproliferative disease in adults and currently remains incurable. As the progression‐free period shortens after each successive treatment, strategies such as maintenance therapy are needed to improve the degree and duration of response to previous therapies. Monoclonal antibodies, immunomodulatory agents, and targeted therapies are among the available options for maintenance therapy. People with CLL who achieve remission after previous therapy may choose to undergo medical observation or maintenance therapy to deepen the response. Even though there is widespread use of therapeutic maintenance agents, the benefits and harms of these treatments are still uncertain. Objectives To assess the effects and safety of maintenance therapy, including anti‐CD20 monoclonal antibody, immunomodulatory drug therapy, anti‐CD52 monoclonal antibody, Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor, and B‐cell lymphoma‐2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, for individuals with CLL. Search methods We conducted a comprehensive literature search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with no language or publication status restrictions. We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and three trials registers in January 2022 together with reference checking, citation searching, and contact with study authors to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included RCTs with prospective identification of participants. We excluded cluster‐randomised trials, cross‐over trial designs, and non‐randomised studies. We included studies comparing maintenance therapies with placebo/observation or head‐to‐head comparisons. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies using Cochrane's RoB 1 tool for RCTs. We rated the certainty of evidence for the following outcomes using the GRADE approach: overall survival (OS), health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), grade 3 and 4 adverse events (AEs), progression‐free survival (PFS), treatment‐related mortality (TRM), treatment discontinuation (TD), and all adverse events (AEs). Main results We identified 11 RCTs (2393 participants) that met the inclusion criteria, including seven trials comparing anti‐CD20 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) (rituximab or ofatumumab) with observation in 1679 participants; three trials comparing immunomodulatory drug (lenalidomide) with placebo/observation in 693 participants; and one trial comparing anti‐CD 52 mAbs (alemtuzumab) with observation in 21 participants. No comparisons of novel small molecular inhibitors were found. The median age of participants was 54.1 to 71.7 years; 59.5% were males. The type of previous induction treatment, severity of disease, and baseline stage varied among the studies. Five trials included early‐stage symptomatic patients, and three trials included advanced‐stage patients (Rai stage III/IV or Binet stage B/C). Six trials reported a frequent occurrence of cytogenic aberrations at baseline (69.7% to 80.1%). The median follow‐up duration was 12.4 to 73 months. The risk of selection bias in the included studies was unclear. We assessed overall risk of performance bias and detection bias as low risk for objective outcomes and high risk for subjective outcomes. Overall risk of attrition bias, reporting bias, and other bias was low. Anti‐CD20 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs): rituximab or ofatumumab maintenance versus observation Anti‐CD20 mAbs maintenance likely results in little to no difference in OS (hazard ratio (HR) 0.94, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.20; 1152 participants; 3 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence) and likely increases PFS significantly (HR 0.61, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.73; 1255 participants; 5 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence) compared to observation alone. Anti‐CD20 mAbs may result in: an increase in grade 3/4 AEs (rate ratio 1.34, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.71; 1284 participants; 5 studies; low‐certainty evidence); little to no difference in TRM (risk ratio 0.82, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.71; 1189 participants; 4 studies; low‐certainty evidence); a slight reduction to no difference in TD (risk ratio 0.93, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.20; 1321 participants; 6 studies; low‐certainty evidence); and an increase in all AEs (rate ratio 1.23, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.47; 1321 participants; 6 studies; low‐certainty evidence) compared to the observation group. One RCT reported that there may be no difference in HRQoL between the anti‐CD20 mAbs (ofatumumab) maintenance and the observation group (mean difference −1.70, 95% CI −8.59 to 5.19; 480 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). Immunomodulatory drug (IMiD): lenalidomide maintenance versus placebo/observation IMiD maintenance therapy likely results in little to no difference in OS (HR 0.91, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.35; 461 participants; 3 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence) and likely results in a large increase in PFS (HR 0.37, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.73; 461 participants; 3 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence) compared to placebo/observation. Regarding harms, IMiD maintenance therapy may result in an increase in grade 3/4 AEs (rate ratio 1.82, 95% CI 1.38 to 2.38; 400 participants; 2 studies; low‐certainty evidence) and may result in a slight increase in TRM (risk ratio 1.22, 95% CI 0.35 to 4.29; 458 participants; 3 studies; low‐certainty evidence) compared to placebo/observation. The evidence for the effect on TD compared to placebo is very uncertain (risk ratio 0.71, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.05; 400 participants; 2 studies; very low‐certainty evidence). IMiD maintenance therapy probably increases all AEs slightly (rate ratio 1.41, 95% CI 1.28 to 1.54; 458 participants; 3 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence) compared to placebo/observation. No studies assessed HRQoL. Anti‐CD52 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs): alemtuzumab maintenance versus observation Maintenance with alemtuzumab may have little to no effect on PFS, but the evidence is very uncertain (HR 0.55, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.95; 21 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). We did not identify any study reporting the outcomes OS, HRQoL, grade 3/4 AEs, TRM, TD, or all AEs. Authors' conclusions There is currently moderate‐ to very low‐certainty evidence available regarding the benefits and harms of maintenance therapy in people with CLL. Anti‐CD20 mAbs maintenance improved PFS, but also increased grade 3/4 AEs and all AEs. IMiD maintenance had a large effect on PFS, but also increased grade 3/4 AEs. However, none of the above‐mentioned maintenance interventions show differences in OS between the maintenance and control groups. The effects of alemtuzumab maintenance are uncertain, coupled with a warning for drug‐related infectious toxicity. We found no studies evaluating other novel maintenance interventions, such as B‐cell receptor inhibitors, B‐cell leukaemia‐2/lymphoma‐2 inhibitors, or obinutuzumab. Plain language summary Is maintenance therapy following previous treatment better than observation or placebo for treating chronic lymphocytic leukaemia in adults? What is the aim of this review? We aimed to determine whether the currently available maintenance treatments for disease control in adults with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) have an acceptable balance between benefits and harms following previous treatment. Key messages We found that maintenance therapy in adults with CLL after previous therapy probably has little to no effect on long‐term survival. We also found that maintenance therapy probably increases the disease control period, but is associated with an increase in drug‐related serious adverse events and all adverse events. What was studied in this review? CLL is a blood cancer that affects the lymphocytes, a group of white blood cells that help the body fight infection and disease. In the past 20 years, the control rate and survival of patients have significantly improved due to the use of chemotherapy plus immunotherapy, followed by the introduction of novel oral targeted therapy as the mainstream treatment for CLL. Despite these advancements, CLL patients may still develop disease that is resistant to treatment. Maintenance treatments aim to improve treatment response and extend survival, but may also increase the risk of adverse events. Available drugs for maintenance intervention include anti‐CD20 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), immunomodulatory drugs, and anti‐CD52 mAbs. These drugs carry risks of serious side effects due to prolonged administration. It remains unclear whether the benefits of maintenance treatments outweigh the risks, as they may not achieve a satisfactory balance between disease control and prolonged survival without increasing treatment‐related death or adverse events. CLL patients who achieve remission after the first phase of treatment must therefore weigh the benefits and risks of medical observation or maintenance therapy carefully. What did we want to find out? We wanted to know if maintenance therapy following previous treatment is effective in controlling disease for adults with CLL and if it causes any adverse effects. What did we do? We searched for studies that compared maintenance therapy with placebo (dummy treatment) or observation, or head‐to‐head comparisons of maintenance therapies. We compared and summarised the results and rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We identified 11 studies (2393 participants) for inclusion in the review. All studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which are the most reliable clinical studies as they randomly allocate people to receive treatment (intervention group) or no treatment (control group). We synthesised the evidence from 10 studies (2341 participants) to assess the benefits and harms of maintenance therapy for CLL when compared with control groups receiving observation or placebo (dummy treatment). Compared to observation, anti‐CD20 mAbs probably have little to no effect on overall survival (evidence from 3 studies with 1152 participants), but probably increase the time in which the disease is controlled (progression‐free survival) (evidence from 5 studies with 1255 participants). Compared to placebo/observation, IMiD probably has little to no effect on overall survival (evidence from 3 studies with 461 participants), but probably results in a large increase in progression‐free survival (evidence from 3 studies with 461 participants). Compared to observation, anti‐CD20 mAbs may result in increased serious side effects (evidence from 5 studies with 1284 participants), but may not affect the chance of dying from treatment (evidence from 4 studies with 1189 participants). Anti‐CD20 mAbs may slightly reduce the number of people who stopped treatment (evidence from 6 studies with 1321 participants), but may slightly increase the overall number of side effects (evidence from 6 studies with 1321 participants). Compared to placebo/observation, IMiD may result in increased serious side effects (evidence from 2 studies with 400 participants), and may slightly increase the number of people who died due to maintenance treatment (evidence from 3 studies with 458 participants). The evidence for the effect of IMiD on number of people who stopped treatment is very uncertain (evidence from 2 studies with 400 participants), but IMiD probably increases the overall number of side effects (evidence from 3 studies with 458 participants). There was insufficient evidence to determine whether anti‐CD20 mAbs maintenance therapy affected health‐related quality of life, and our confidence in the evidence is low (evidence from 1 study with 480 participants). No studies evaluated other new maintenance interventions, such as B‐cell receptor inhibitors, B‐cell leukaemia‐2/lymphoma‐2 inhibitors, or obinutuzumab. What are the limitations of the evidence? The overall certainty (confidence) of the evidence was mostly moderate to low due to issues within the trials such as the potential for bias, differences in baseline characteristics, and imprecise estimates of intervention effects. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence is current as of January 2022.
Antibiotics for acute rhinosinusitis in adults; Abstract - Background Acute rhinosinusitis is an acute infection of the nasal passages and paranasal sinuses that lasts less than four weeks. Diagnosis of acute rhinosinusitis is generally based on clinical signs and symptoms in ambulatory care settings. Technical investigations are not routinely performed, nor are they recommended in most countries. Some trials show a trend in favour of antibiotics, but the balance of benefit versus harm is unclear. We merged two Cochrane Reviews for this update, which comprised different approaches with overlapping populations, resulting in different conclusions. For this review update, we maintained the distinction between populations diagnosed by clinical signs and symptoms, or imaging. Objectives To assess the effects of antibiotics versus placebo or no treatment in adults with acute rhinosinusitis in ambulatory care settings. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2017, Issue 12), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (January 1950 to January 2018), Embase (January 1974 to January 2018), and two trials registers (January 2018). We also checked references from identified trials, systematic reviews, and relevant guidelines. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of antibiotics versus placebo or no treatment in people with rhinosinusitis‐like signs or symptoms or sinusitis confirmed by imaging. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data about cure and side effects and assessed the risk of bias. We contacted trial authors for additional information as required. Main results We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Without antibiotics, 46% of participants with rhinosinusitis, whether or not confirmed by radiography, were cured after 1 week and 64% after 14 days. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis (odds ratio (OR) 1.25, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02 to 1.54; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 19, 95% CI 10 to 205; I² = 0%; 8 trials; high‐quality evidence) and diagnosis confirmed by radiography (OR 1.57, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.39; NNTB 10, 95% CI 5 to 136; I² = 0%; 3 trials; moderate‐quality evidence). Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography (OR 4.89, 95% CI 1.75 to 13.72; NNTB 4, 95% CI 2 to 15; 1 trial; moderate‐quality evidence). Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics (OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13 to 2.22; NNTB 10, 95% CI 6 to 35; I² = 0%; 3 trials; high‐quality evidence). However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo or no treatment (OR 2.21, 95% CI 1.74 to 2.82; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 8, 95% CI 6 to 12; I² = 16%; 10 trials; high‐quality evidence). Five fewer people per 100 will experience clinical failure if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment (Peto OR 0.48, 95% CI 0.36 to 0.63; NNTH 19, 95% CI 15 to 27; I² = 21%; 12 trials; high‐quality evidence). A disease‐related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). Authors' conclusions The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically (low risk of bias, high‐quality evidence) or confirmed by imaging (low to unclear risk of bias, moderate‐quality evidence) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinosinusitis. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. Plain language summary Antibiotics for sinus infection of short duration in adults Review question Do antibiotics cure sinus infection faster than no antibiotics in adults? Background A sinus is a cavity situated in the head. Adults with short‐duration sinus infection experience stuffy nose and thick, yellow discharge from the nose. People with sinus infection can feel slime in the back of the throat, facial pain, pain when bending forward, and pain in the upper teeth or when chewing. A short‐duration sinus infection may be suspected following physical examination and questions about symptoms. Blood examination or images of the sinuses can support diagnosis, but are not routinely recommended in most countries. Short‐duration sinus infections are mostly caused by viruses. Nevertheless, physicians tend to prescribe antibiotics, which should only be used to treat bacterial infections. Taking antibiotics unnecessarily results in antibiotic resistance against bacterial infections. We investigated whether antibiotics cure adults with short‐duration sinus infection faster than a dummy drug (placebo) or no treatment. Search date 18 January 2018. Study characteristics We included 15 studies in which adults with short‐duration sinus infection, whether or not confirmed by imaging, randomly received antibiotics, or a dummy drug or no treatment, in ambulatory care settings. The studies included a total of 3057 adults whose average age was 36 years; about 60% were female. Participants were followed until they were cured. Trial duration ranged from 8 to 28 days. Study funding sources Seven studies received financial support from government or academic institutions; six received grants from the pharmaceutical industry; and five did not state sources of support. Key results Without antibiotics, almost half of all participants were cured after one week, and two out of three were cured after 14 days. Five (diagnosis based on symptoms described to a doctor) to 11 (diagnosis confirmed by x‐ray) more people per 100 were cured faster with antibiotics. A computed tomography (CT) scan could better predict who would benefit from antibiotics, but routine use would cause health problems related to radiation exposure. Ten more people per 100 were relieved faster of thick, yellow discharge from the nose with antibiotics compared to a dummy drug or no treatment. Thirteen more people per 100 experienced side effects (mostly concerning stomach or intestines) with antibiotics compared to a dummy drug or no treatment. Compared with people who initially started antibiotics, five more people per 100 in the dummy drug or no treatment group had to start antibiotics because their condition worsened. Serious complications (e.g. brain abscess) were rare. We found that antibiotics are not a first‐choice treatment for adults with short‐duration sinus infection. We found no evidence relating to adults with severe sinusitis or with reduced immunity, or to children. Quality of evidence We found high‐quality evidence when the diagnosis was based on symptoms described to a doctor. We downgraded evidence quality to moderate when diagnosis was confirmed by x‐ray or CT scan because the number of participants was small, which makes the estimates less reliable.
Saline irrigation for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of six looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and is characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Nasal saline irrigation is commonly used to improve patient symptoms. Objectives To evaluate the effects of saline irrigation in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 9); MEDLINE; EMBASE; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 30 October 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a follow‐up period of at least three months comparing saline delivered to the nose by any means (douche, irrigation, drops, spray or nebuliser) with (a) placebo, (b) no treatment or (c) other pharmacological interventions. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity and the commonest adverse event ‐ epistaxis. Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score and the adverse events of local irritation and discomfort. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included two RCTs (116 adult participants). One compared large‐volume (150 ml) hypertonic (2%) saline irrigation with usual treatment over a six‐month period; the other compared 5 ml nebulised saline twice a day with intranasal corticosteroids, treating participants for three months and evaluating them on completion of treatment and three months later. Large‐volume, hypertonic nasal saline  versus  usual care One trial included 76 adult participants (52 intervention, 24 control) with or without polyps. Disease‐specific HRQL  was reported using the Rhinosinusitis Disability Index (RSDI; 0 to 100, 100 = best quality of life). At the end of three months of treatment, patients in the saline group were better than those in the placebo group (mean difference (MD) 6.3 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 11.71) and at six months there was a greater effect (MD 13.5 points, 95% CI 9.63 to 17.37). We assessed the evidence to be of  low quality  for the three months follow‐up and  very low quality  for the six months follow‐up. Patient‐reported disease severity  was evaluated using a "single‐item sinus symptom severity assessment" but the range of scores is not stated, making it impossible for us to determine the meaning of the data presented. No  adverse effects  data were collected in the control group but 23% of participants in the saline group experienced side effects including epistaxis. General HRQL  was measured using SF‐12 (0 to 100, 100 = best quality of life). No difference was found after three months of treatment ( low quality  evidence) but at six months there was a small difference favouring the saline group, which may not be of clinical significance and has high uncertainty (MD 10.5 points, 95% CI 0.66 to 20.34) ( very low quality  evidence). Low‐volume, nebulised saline  versus  intranasal corticosteroids One trial included 40 adult participants with polyps. Our primary outcome of  disease‐specific HRQL  was not reported. At the end of treatment (three months) the patients who had intranasal corticosteroids had less severe  symptoms  (MD ‐13.50, 95% CI ‐14.44 to ‐12.56); this corresponds to a large effect size. We assessed the evidence to be of  very low quality . Authors' conclusions The two studies were very different in terms of included populations, interventions and comparisons and so it is therefore difficult to draw conclusions for practice. The evidence suggests that there is no benefit of a low‐volume (5 ml) nebulised saline spray over intranasal steroids. There is some benefit of daily, large‐volume (150 ml) saline irrigation with a hypertonic solution when compared with placebo, but the quality of the evidence is  low  for three months and  very low  for six months of treatment. Plain language summary Saline irrigation for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of nasal saline irrigation in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition that is defined as inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis experience at least two or more of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: blocked nose, discharge from their nose or runny nose, pain or pressure in their face and/or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people will also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Nasal irrigation (also know as nasal douche, wash or lavage) is a procedure that rinses the nasal cavity with isotonic or hypertonic saline (salt water) solutions. The patient instils saline into one nostril and allows it to drain out of the other nostril, bathing the nasal cavity. Saline nasal irrigation can be performed with low positive pressure from a spray, pump or squirt bottle, with a nebuliser or with gravity‐based pressure using a vessel with a nasal spout, such as a 'neti pot'. This therapy is available over the counter and is used as a standalone or add‐on treatment by many patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Study characteristics We included two randomised controlled trials with a total of 116 adult participants in this review. One compared large‐volume (150 ml) hypertonic saline irrigation with usual treatment over a six‐month period. The other compared 5 ml of nebulised saline twice a day with intranasal corticosteroids, treating participants for three months and evaluating them on completion of treatment and three months later. Both of these studies had important limitations in their methodology and we considered them to have a high risk of bias. Key results and quality of the evidence Large‐volume, hypertonic nasal saline versus usual care In the small trial of 76 participants our primary outcome of 'disease‐specific health‐related quality of life' was reported using a 0‐ to 100‐point scale. At the end of three months of treatment, patients in the saline group were better than those in the placebo group and at six months of treatment there was a greater effect. We assessed the evidence to be of low quality for the three months follow‐up and very low quality for the six months follow‐up. Patient‐reported disease severity was also evaluated but the trialists did not state the range of scores used, which made it impossible for us to determine the meaning of the data presented. No adverse effects data were collected in the control group but 23% of participants in the saline group experienced side effects including nosebleeds (epistaxis). General health‐related quality of life was also measured in this study. No difference was found after three months of treatment but at six months there was a small difference (although the result is uncertain). We assessed the evidence to be of low quality. Low‐volume, nebulised saline versus intranasal corticosteroids One small trial had 20 patients in each of the two arms being compared. Our primary outcome of disease‐specific health‐related quality of life was not reported. At the end of treatment (three months) there was an improvement in symptoms. Conclusions The two studies were very different in terms of included populations, interventions and comparisons and so it is therefore difficult to draw conclusions for practice. The evidence suggests that there was no benefit of a low‐volume (5 ml) nebulised saline spray over intranasal steroids, but there may be some benefit of daily, large‐volume (150 ml) saline irrigation with a hypertonic solution compared with placebo, although the quality of the evidence was low for three months and very low for six months of treatment.
Biologics for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This living systematic review is one of several Cochrane Reviews evaluating the medical management of patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common. It is characterised by inflammation of the nasal and sinus linings, nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. It occurs with or without nasal polyps.   'Biologics' are medicinal products produced by a biological process. Monoclonal antibodies are one type, already evaluated in other inflammatory conditions (e.g. asthma and atopic dermatitis). Objectives To assess the effects of biologics for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; CENTRAL (2020, Issue 9); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished studies. The date of the search was 28 September 2020. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at least three months follow‐up comparing biologics (monoclonal antibodies) against placebo/no treatment in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), disease severity and serious adverse events (SAEs). The secondary outcomes were avoidance of surgery, extent of disease (measured by endoscopic or computerised tomography (CT) score), generic HRQL and adverse effects (nasopharyngitis, including sore throat). We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 10 studies. Of 1262 adult participants, 1260 had severe chronic rhinosinusitis  with  nasal polyps; 43% to 100% of participants also had asthma. Three biologics, with different targets, were evaluated: dupilumab, mepolizumab and omalizumab. All of the studies were sponsored or supported by industry. For this update (2021) we have included two new studies, including 265 participants, which reported data relating to omalizumab. Anti‐IL‐4Rα mAb (dupilumab) versus placebo/no treatment (all receiving intranasal steroids) Three studies (784 participants) evaluated  dupilumab . Disease‐specific HRQL  was measured with the SNOT‐22 (a 22‐item questionnaire, with a score range of 0 to 110; minimal clinically important difference (MCID) 8.9 points). At 24 weeks, dupilumab results in a large reduction (improvement) in the SNOT‐22 score (mean difference (MD) ‐19.61, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐22.54 to ‐16.69; 3 studies; 784 participants; high certainty). At between 16 and 52 weeks of follow‐up, dupilumab probably results in a large reduction in  disease severity , as measured by a 0‐ to 10‐point visual analogue scale (VAS) (MD ‐3.00, 95% CI ‐3.47 to ‐2.53; 3 studies; 784 participants; moderate certainty). This is a global symptom score, including all aspects of chronic rhinosinusitis symptoms. At between 16 and 52 weeks of follow‐up, dupilumab may result in a reduction in  serious   adverse events  compared to placebo (5.9% versus 12.5%, risk ratio (RR) 0.47, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.76; 3 studies, 782 participants; low certainty). Anti‐IL‐5 mAb (mepolizumab) versus placebo/no treatment (all receiving intranasal steroids) Two studies (137 participants) evaluated  mepolizumab . Disease‐specific HRQL  was measured with the SNOT‐22. At 25 weeks, the SNOT‐22 score may be reduced (improved) in participants receiving mepolizumab (MD ‐13.26 points, 95% CI ‐22.08 to ‐4.44; 1 study; 105 participants; low certainty; MCID 8.9).  It is very uncertain whether there is a difference in  disease severity  at 25 weeks: on a 0‐ to 10‐point VAS, disease severity was ‐2.03 lower in those receiving mepolizumab (95% CI ‐3.65 to ‐0.41; 1 study; 72 participants; very low certainty) . It is very uncertain if there is a difference in the number of  serious adverse events  at between 25 and 40 weeks (1.4% versus 0%; RR 1.57, 95% CI 0.07 to 35.46; 2 studies; 135 participants, very low certainty). Anti‐IgE mAb (omalizumab) versus placebo/no treatment (all receiving intranasal steroids) Five studies (329 participants) evaluated  omalizumab . Disease‐specific HRQL  was measured with the SNOT‐22. At 24 weeks omalizumab probably results in a large reduction in SNOT‐22 score (MD ‐15.62, 95% CI ‐19.79 to ‐11.45; 2 studies; 265 participants; moderate certainty; MCID 8.9). We did not identify any evidence for overall  disease severity . It is very uncertain whether omalizumab affects the number of  serious adverse events , with follow‐up between 20 and 26 weeks (0.8% versus 2.5%, RR 0.32, 95% CI 0.05 to 2.00; 5 studies; 329 participants; very low certainty). Authors' conclusions Almost all of the participants in the included studies had nasal polyps (99.8%) and all were using topical nasal steroids for their chronic rhinosinusitis symptoms. In these patients, dupilumab improves disease‐specific HRQL compared to placebo. It probably also results in a reduction in disease severity, and may result in a reduction in the number of serious adverse events. Mepolizumab may improve disease‐specific HRQL. It is very uncertain if there is a difference in disease severity or the number of serious adverse events. Omalizumab probably improves disease‐specific HRQL compared to placebo. It is very uncertain if there is a difference in the number of serious adverse events. There was no evidence regarding the effect of omalizumab on disease severity (using global scores that address all symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis). Plain language summary Biologics for people with chronic rhinosinusitis What is the aim of this review? 'Biologics' is the name given to a type of drug that is increasingly being used to help people with diseases due to inflammation of body tissues. The aim of this review is to see if any of these drugs are effective in treating people with chronic rhinosinusitis. These patients have long‐term problems with inflammation of the nose and sinuses. This leads to them having blocked, stuffy, runny noses and pain in their cheeks. They often need to use long‐term steroid nasal sprays. Some patients with chronic rhinosinusitis also get polyps in their nose. These can make their symptoms worse. Key message One of the new biologics – called dupilumab – helps people with severe chronic rhinosinusitis who also have nasal polyps and are already taking a nasal steroid spray. It makes their symptoms better and does not seem to cause any severe side effects. Another similar drug – called mepolizumab – may do the same but we are less certain about that. A third drug ‐ omalizumab ‐ also seems to improve the symptoms of people who have severe chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. What was studied in the review? We looked for trials where patients with chronic rhinosinusitis had been given either one of the new biologic drugs or a placebo (dummy) treatment. They needed to have been treated for at least three months. We looked for studies that measured the effect of the drug on people's symptoms, their general health and any adverse effects.  What are the main results of the review? Almost all the people studied in the trials had  severe  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, and were taking nasal steroid sprays (so we can only draw conclusions about the effects of the drugs on people like this). We found 10 studies, looking at three different drugs. Most of the information we have comes from two big trials (with nearly 800 patients) looking at the effect of one drug – dupilumab. Effect of dupilumab After 24 weeks of treatment, people taking dupilumab have a better quality of life than those who do not. On average their symptoms are probably better too, and they do not have more severe side effects than those taking placebo. Effect of mepolizumab The effect of mepolizumab was studied in far fewer patients and so we are less certain about the results. We can say that this drug  may  have similar effects to dupilumab. Effect of omalizumab For this review update (2021) we have identified two extra studies that consider the use of omalizumab. After 24 weeks, people taking omalizumab had a better quality of life, with regard to their symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis, than those who did not take it. We did not find an increase in side effects for those taking the drug, but there are too few people studied to know this for certain. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this review is up‐to‐date to September 2020.
Oral H1 antihistamines as monotherapy for eczema; Abstract - Background Eczema is a common skin disease in many countries, and although the majority of cases of eczema occur before the age of five years and often resolve during childhood or adolescence, it can also persist into adulthood. Itch is the most important aspect of eczema, often impacting significantly on the quality of life of an affected individual. Objectives To assess the effects of oral antihistamines (H1 antagonists) as monotherapy in children and adults with eczema. Search methods We searched the following databases up to March 2012: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in  The Cochrane Library  (2012, Issue 3), MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), and LILACS (from 1982). We examined the reference lists of excluded studies in order to identify further references to relevant trials. We searched trials registers for ongoing and unpublished trials. We also handsearched the abstracts of the International Research Workshops on eczema, as well as the conference proceedings of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) and the European Academy of Allergology and Clinical Immunology (EAACI), from 2000 to 2011. Selection criteria We sought to include randomised controlled trials that assessed the effects and safety of oral H1 antihistamines as monotherapy in children and adults with eczema. We excluded studies that compared an antihistamine versus another antihistamine and had no placebo control arm. We also excluded topical antihistamines and oral H1 antihistamines as 'add‐on' therapy and studies using any concomitant therapy other than emollients or moisturisers, principally because some of these forms of concomitant therapy may be considered treatment modifiers in assessments of the effects of antihistamines on eczema. Data collection and analysis Our search retrieved 409 references to studies. Based on assessments of their titles, abstracts, or both, we excluded all except 36 of these studies. After evaluation of the full text of each report, we excluded a further 35 studies, and 1 study is awaiting classification pending a response from the trial investigators. Two review authors independently carried out study assessment. Main results No randomised controlled trials met our inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions There is currently no high‐level evidence to support or refute the efficacy or safety of oral H1 antihistamines used as monotherapy for eczema. Because most of the studies allowed the use of concomitant medications and involved multi‐therapeutic approaches, meaningful assessments of the individual effects of oral H1 antihistamines on eczema were not feasible. Although well‐designed randomised controlled trials excluding concomitant medications appear to be needed, consideration should be given to the potential ethical issues raised with the use of antihistamines as monotherapy for the management of eczema by withholding the use of rescue or additional therapies. A further systematic review of studies in which concomitant therapies were permitted might be of value in determining the potential benefits of oral H1 antihistamines as add‐on therapy. Plain language summary Effects of antihistamines on eczema Eczema is a common chronic disease. Itch is the most important symptom, and eczema is often accompanied by dry skin. Skin lesions include rash, redness, swelling of the skin, crusts, oozing, and sometimes also bleeding as a consequence of persistent scratching. Although the disease can resolve during childhood, it might also recur in or persist into adult life. The cause of eczema is considered to be a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Moisturisers, topical corticosteroids, and topical immunomodulators are the mainstay during treatment of eczema, while more severe cases might need UV light therapy or systemic immunosuppressants. Itch is very difficult to treat and leads to scratching, which leads to more inflammation of the skin, and often people with eczema end up in a vicious circle of itching and scratching. The role of histamine in itching associated with eczema is not fully elucidated, but oral H1 antihistamines have been used for many years in the treatment of eczema. These might have been used largely for their sedative action, with highly sedative antihistamines, e.g. chlorpheniramine and hydroxyzine. However, oral H1 antihistamines are widely used in the treatment of allergic disorders, such as urticaria, allergic rhinitis, and allergic conjunctivitis, but their efficacy in alleviating itch and eczema remains unclear. This systematic review sought evidence for the effects and safety of the use of oral antihistamines for eczema, to guide their use in clinical practice. No study matched our inclusion criteria. There is currently no evidence to support the efficacy or safety of the use of oral H1 antihistamines alone in the treatment of eczema. This does not mean that such antihistamines could not be useful as an add‐on therapy to the main treatments including topical steroids, which will be the topic of a further review.
Functional endoscopic balloon dilation of sinus ostia for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background Dilation of sinus ostia using a high‐pressure balloon has been introduced as a treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) refractory to medical treatment. The efficacy of this technology, however, has not been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of balloon sinus ostial dilation as a treatment for patients suffering with CRS refractory to medical treatment. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; CENTRAL; PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; ISRCTN and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 20 December 2010. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in patients of any age with rhinosinusitis lasting longer than 12 weeks who have failed a prolonged course of medical treatment. Studies compared either balloon sinus ostial dilation or a hybrid procedure (balloon dilation in conjunction with functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS)) versus conventional surgery (e.g. FESS) or a waiting list control. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Main results One study (34 patients) met our inclusion criteria although it was not yet a peer reviewed publication. The study randomised patients with chronic frontal sinusitis who had failed a prolonged course of medical treatment into two groups: balloon dilatation of the frontal recess (plus conventional FESS of other involved sinuses) versus conventional FESS (Draf type 1/2a procedures on the frontal sinuses). At 12 months follow up there was no statistically significant difference in radiological resolution of frontal sinuses between the two groups. The percentages of directly observed patent frontal recesses at 12 months were 75% in the balloon dilation group versus 63% in the FESS‐only group. The authors state that this was statistically significant but details of the analysis were not presented. Indeed the study as a whole suffers from a bias in the way its outcome measures were reported. No major complications were reported. Three patients in the FESS‐only group required further revision frontal sinus surgery compared to one in the balloon dilation group, although synechiae were more common in the latter. Authors' conclusions At present there is no convincing evidence supporting the use of endoscopic balloon sinus ostial dilation compared to conventional surgical modalities in the management of CRS refractory to medical treatment. With the escalating use of balloon sinuplasty, there is an urgent need for more randomised controlled trials to determine its efficacy over conventional surgical treatment modalities. Plain language summary Balloon dilation of sinus openings for chronic rhinosinusitis Chronic rhinosinusitis is one of the most common ailments in the world, affecting all age groups and causing significant suffering. First‐line management of this condition is medical, usually comprising a nasally applied steroid, supplemented with a combination of antihistamines, antibiotics and/or oral steroids. Surgical intervention usually becomes necessary if there is failure of a prolonged course of medical treatment. In adults, functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) has become established as the main surgical strategy in these circumstances. Recently a new technology, balloon dilation of sinus ostia (sinus opening), has been introduced. This is designed to open up the drainage pathways of the sinuses by the inflation of a high‐pressure balloon in the sinus opening. We sought evidence in the literature evaluating the effectiveness of balloon dilation of sinus ostia compared to conventional surgical methods in the surgical management of patients of all ages suffering with chronic rhinosinusitis. One unpublished trial met our inclusion criteria. This randomised 34 patients with chronic frontal sinusitis into two groups: in one group balloon dilation was used to open up the drainage pathways of the frontal sinuses; in the other group conventional endoscopic sinus surgery was used to do the same. For both groups all other sinuses were treated using conventional functional endoscopic sinus surgery. Balloon dilation did not show an improvement in the resolution of frontal sinusitis as demonstrated by imaging studies, however the technique was associated with an increased likelihood that someone observing a frontal sinus opening would find this open. However, it is not clear whether this was a statistically significant result. The study report appeared to be biased in the way it reported its outcome measures. At present, therefore, we cannot recommend the use of balloon dilation of sinus ostia over conventional surgical treatment modalities in this setting.
Topical and systemic antifungal therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review adds to a series of reviews looking at primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Antifungals have been suggested as a treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic and topical antifungal agents in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis, including those with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) and, if possible, AFRS exclusively. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register; Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 17 November 2017. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at least a two‐week follow‐up period comparing topical or systemic antifungals with (a) placebo, (b) no treatment, (c) other pharmacological interventions or (d) a different antifungal agent. We did not include post‐surgical antifungal use. Data collection and analysis We used the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity and the significant adverse effects of hepatic toxicity (systemic antifungals). Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score and the adverse effects of gastrointestinal disturbance (systemic antifungals) and epistaxis, headache or local discomfort (topical antifungals). We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included eight studies (490 adult participants). The presence of nasal polyps on examination was an inclusion criterion in three studies, an exclusion criterion in one study and the remaining studies included a mixed population. No studies specifically investigated the effect of antifungals in patients with AFRS. Topical antifungal treatment  versus  placebo or no intervention We included seven studies (437 participants) that used amphotericin B (six studies; 383 participants) and one that used fluconazole (54 participants). Different delivery methods, volumes and concentrations were used. Four studies reported  disease‐specific health‐related quality of life  using a range of instruments. We did not meta‐analyse the results due to differences in the instruments used, and measurement and reporting methods. At the end of treatment (one to six months) none of the studies reported statistically significant differences between the groups ( low‐quality evidence  ‐ we are uncertain about the result). Two studies reported  disease severity  using patient‐reported symptom scores. Meta‐analysis was not possible. At the end of treatment (8 to 13 weeks) one study showed no difference and the second found that patients in the placebo group had less severe symptoms ( very low‐quality evidence  ‐ we are very uncertain about the result). In terms of  adverse effects , topical antifungals may lead to more local irritation compared with placebo (risk ratio (RR) 2.29, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 8.62; 312 participants; 5 studies;  low‐quality evidence ) but little or no difference in epistaxis (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.14 to 6.63; 225 participants; 4 studies,  low‐quality evidence ) or headache (RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.60 to 2.63; 195 participants; 3 studies;  very low‐quality evidence ). None of the studies found a difference in  generic health‐related quality of life  (one study) or  endoscopic score  (five studies) between the treatment groups. Three studies investigated  CT scan ; two found no difference between the groups and one found a significant decrease in the mean percentage of air space occluded, favouring the antifungal group. Systemic antifungal treatment  versus  placebo or no treatment One study (53 participants) comparing terbinafine tablets against placebo reported that there may be little or no difference between the groups in  disease‐specific health‐related quality of life  or  disease severity score  (both  low‐quality evidence ). Systemic antifungals may lead to more hepatic toxicity events (RR 3.35, 95% CI 0.14 to 78.60) but fewer gastrointestinal disturbances (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.04 to 3.36), compared to placebo, although the evidence was of  low quality . This study did not find a difference in  CT scan  score between the groups.  Generic health‐related quality of life  and  endoscopic score  were not measured. Other comparisons We found no studies that compared antifungal agents against other treatments for chronic rhinosinusitis. Authors' conclusions Due to the very low quality of the evidence, it is uncertain whether or not the use of topical or systemic antifungals has an impact on patient outcomes in adults with chronic rhinosinusitis compared with placebo or no treatment. Studies including specific subgroups (i.e. AFRS) are lacking. Plain language summary Topical or systemic antifungal therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of antifungal treatment in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis including those with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS). Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition characterised by inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis have at least two of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: either a blocked nose and/or discharge from their nose (runny nose) and one of either pain/pressure in their face or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Some people with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps are allergic to airborne fungus and this can cause a specific type of condition called allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS). Fungal spores are commonly found in the nose as they are in the air we breathe. It is not clear if fungus plays a role in all cases of chronic rhinosinusitis but there is evidence that it may have a role in a subset of patients. Antifungal treatments work to kill fungal spores or to stop them growing. Antifungal treatments for chronic rhinosinusitis are used either topically (put into the nose) or taken systemically (by mouth). Study characteristics We included eight studies (490 adult participants). Seven studies (437 participants) investigated topical antifungals (nasal sprays or irrigations) and one study (53 participants) investigated systemic antifungals (tablets). All studies compared antifungals to placebo or no treatment. Most studies were well conducted and there was a mix of patients with chronic rhinosinusitis both with, and without, nasal polyps. Key results and quality of the evidence At the end of at least four weeks treatment, none of the studies found that patients using antifungals (topical or systemic) had a better quality of life or less severe symptoms than patients who used placebo or had no treatment. Not many participants in the studies reported having adverse effects. Topical antifungals may lead to more nasal irritation compared with placebo. It is uncertain if patients taking topical antifungals have more headaches or nosebleeds than with placebo. For systemic antifungals, it is uncertain if patients using antifungals have more problems with their liver (hepatic toxicity) than with placebo. Systemic antifungals may lead to fewer patients with gastrointestinal disturbances compared to placebo. We found no studies that compared antifungal treatment with other treatments for chronic rhinosinusitis. We assessed the quality of the evidence as either low (further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the result) or very low (any estimate of the result is very uncertain), as some of the results are only from one or two studies, which do not have a lot of participants. Moreover, the different studies reported outcomes using different measurement scales making it difficult to draw conclusions. Conclusions Due to the very low quality of the evidence, it is uncertain whether or not the use of topical or systemic antifungals has an impact on patient outcomes in adults with chronic rhinosinusitis compared with placebo or no treatment. More trials are needed to assess well‐defined patient populations (such as the AFRS subgroup) and to evaluate other antifungals that have not been assessed in randomised controlled trials.
Short‐course oral steroids as an adjunct therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of a suite of six Cochrane reviews looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition involving inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses. It is characterised by nasal blockage and nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Oral corticosteroids are used to control the inflammatory response and improve symptoms. Objectives To assess the effects of a short course of oral corticosteroids as an adjunct ('add‐on') therapy in people with chronic rhinosinusitis who are already on standard treatments. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 7); MEDLINE; EMBASE; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 11 August 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing a short course (up to 21 days) of oral corticosteroids to placebo or no treatment, where all patients were also receiving pharmacological treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity, and the adverse event of mood or behavioural disturbances. Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score, and the adverse events of insomnia, gastrointestinal disturbances and osteoporosis. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results Two trials with a total of 78 participants met the inclusion criteria. Both the populations and the 'standard' treatments differed in the two studies. Oral steroids as an adjunct to intranasal corticosteroids One trial in adults with nasal polyps included 30 participants. All participants used intranasal corticosteroids and were randomised to either short‐course oral steroids (oral methylprednisolone, 1 mg/kg and reduced progressively over a 21‐day treatment course) or no additional treatment. None of the primary outcome measures of interest in this review were reported by the study. There may have been an important reduction in the size of the polyps (measured by the nasal polyps score, a secondary outcome measure) in patients receiving oral steroids and intranasal corticosteroids, compared to intranasal corticosteroids alone (mean difference (MD) ‐0.46, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.87 to ‐0.05; 30 participants; scale 1 to 4) at the end of treatment (21 days). This corresponds to a large effect size, but we are very uncertain about this estimate as we judged the study to be at high risk of bias. Moreover, longer‐term data were not available and the other outcomes of interest were not reported. Oral steroids as an adjunct to antibiotics One trial in children (mean age of eight years) without nasal polyps included 48 participants. The trial compared oral corticosteroids (oral methylprednisolone, 1 mg/kg and reduced progressively over a 15‐day treatment course) with placebo in participants who also received a 30‐day course of antibiotics. This study addressed one of the primary outcome measures (disease severity) and one secondary outcome (CT score). For  disease severity  the four key symptoms used to define chronic rhinosinusitis in children (nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure, cough) were combined into one score. There was a greater improvement in symptom severity 30 days after the start of treatment in patients who received oral steroids and antibiotics compared with placebo and antibiotics (MD ‐7.10, 95% CI ‐9.59 to ‐4.61; 45 participants; scale 0 to 40). The observed mean difference corresponds to a large effect size. At the same time point there was a difference in CT scan score (MD ‐2.90, 95% CI ‐4.91 to ‐0.89; 45 participants; scale 0 to 24). We assessed the quality of the evidence to be  low . There were no data available for the longer term (three months). Authors' conclusions There might be an improvement in symptom severity, polyps size and condition of the sinuses when assessed using CT scans in patients taking oral corticosteroids when these are used as an adjunct therapy to antibiotics or intranasal corticosteroids, but the quality of the evidence supporting this is  low  or very low  (we are uncertain about the effect estimate; the true effect may be substantially different from the estimate of the effect). It is unclear whether the benefits of oral corticosteroids as an adjunct therapy are sustained beyond the short follow‐up period reported (up to 30 days), as no longer‐term data were available. There were no data in this review about the adverse effects associated with short courses of oral corticosteroids as an adjunct therapy. More research in this area, particularly research evaluating longer‐term outcomes and adverse effects, is required. Plain language summary Short‐term oral corticosteroids in addition to other treatments for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of adding a short course (typically up to 14 days) of corticosteroid given by mouth to people with chronic rhinosinusitis who were also receiving another type of treatment (such as corticosteroids delivered through the nose). Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition that is defined as inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis experience at least two or more of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: blocked nose, discharge from their nose or runny nose, pain or pressure in their face and/or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people will also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Short courses of oral corticosteroids are a widely used treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis. They work by controlling inflammation and when polyps are present they rapidly reduce the size of the polyps to improve symptoms. The adverse effects of corticosteroids can include insomnia, mood changes and gastrointestinal changes (such as stomach pain, heartburn, diarrhoea, constipation, nausea and vomiting). When given over the longer term, or through many repeated short courses, it is also possible to develop osteoporosis (fragile bones). Study characteristics This review includes evidence up to 11 August 2015. We included two randomised controlled trials with a total of 78 participants. One trial involved 30 adults with nasal polyps. Participants received either intranasal corticosteroids and oral corticosteroids or only intranasal corticosteroids. The only result reported of interest to this review was whether the size of the nasal polyps was reduced, when these treatments were completed (three weeks). One trial involved 48 children (mean age of eight years) with chronic rhinosinusitis but no nasal polyps. Participants received either antibiotics and oral corticosteroids or only antibiotics and a placebo (sugar pill). The oral corticosteroids and placebo were given for 15 days and the antibiotics were given for 30 days. The trial reported findings when the antibiotic treatment was completed (at one month). Key results At the end of a three‐week treatment course, people who took both intranasal corticosteroids and oral steroids may have had smaller nasal polyps than people who just received intranasal corticosteroids. The trial did not follow up people to determine whether the polyp size increased after the end of the trial. The trial did not provide information on adverse events or other outcomes important to patients, such as symptom severity or quality of life. Children who received both antibiotics and oral corticosteroids seemed to have a lower total symptom score and better computerised tomography (CT) scan score after treatment compared with children who received antibiotics and control treatment. The reporting of adverse effects in this trial was not very clear and so is difficult to tell if any participant experienced gastrointestinal disturbances, mood changes or difficulty in sleeping. Quality of the evidence We judged the quality of the evidence for oral steroids plus intranasal steroids for adults with nasal polyps to be very low (we are very uncertain about the estimate) as the evidence comes from one trial that has a low number of participants. The trial had a high risk of bias due to the way it was conducted. The trial did not report adverse events and did not report results after the end of treatment. We judged the quality of the evidence for oral steroids plus antibiotics for children to be low (further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the effect estimate and is likely to change the estimate) as the evidence comes from one small trial. The trial did not have a high risk of bias, but it only included children without nasal polyps, who might not have the same results as adults with nasal polyps. The trial did not report results after the end of treatment and the adverse effects of treatment were not well reported.
Short‐course oral steroids alone for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of a suite of six Cochrane reviews looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition involving inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses. It is characterised by nasal blockage and nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Oral corticosteroids are used to control the inflammatory response and improve symptoms. Objectives To assess the effects of oral corticosteroids compared with placebo/no intervention or other pharmacological interventions (intranasal corticosteroids, antibiotics, antifungals) for chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 7); MEDLINE; EMBASE; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 11 August 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing a short course (up to 21 days) of oral corticosteroids with placebo or no treatment or compared with other pharmacological interventions. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity, and the adverse event of mood or behavioural disturbances. Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score and the adverse events of insomnia, gastrointestinal disturbances and osteoporosis. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included eight RCTs (474 randomised participants), which compared oral corticosteroids with placebo or no intervention. All trials only recruited adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. All trials reported outcomes at two to three weeks, at the end of the short‐course oral steroid treatment period. Three trials additionally reported outcomes at three to six months. Two of these studies prescribed intranasal steroids to patients in both arms of the trial at the end of the oral steroid treatment period. Oral steroids  versus  placebo or no intervention Disease‐specific health‐related quality of life  was reported by one study. This study reported improved quality of life after treatment (two to three weeks) in the group receiving oral steroids compared with the group who received placebo (standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.92 to ‐0.56, 40 participants, modified RSOM‐31), which corresponds to a large effect size. We assessed the evidence to be  low quality  (we are uncertain about the effect estimate; the true effect may be substantially different from the estimate of the effect). Disease severity   as measured by patient‐reported symptom scores was reported by two studies, which allowed the four key symptoms used to define chronic rhinosinusitis (nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure, hyposmia) to be combined into one score. The results at the end of treatment (two to three weeks) showed an improvement in patients receiving oral steroids compared to placebo, both when presented as a mean final value (SMD ‐2.84, 95% CI ‐4.09 to ‐1.59, 22 participants) and as a change from baseline (SMD ‐2.28, 95% CI ‐2.76 to ‐1.80, 114 participants). These correspond to large effect sizes but we assessed the evidence to be  low quality. One study (114 participants) followed patients for 10 weeks after the two‐week treatment period. All patients in both arms received intranasal steroids at the end of the oral steroid treatment period. The results showed that the initial results after treatment were not sustained (SMD ‐0.22, 95% CI ‐0.59 to 0.15, 114 participants, percentage improvement from baseline). This corresponds to a small effect size and we assessed the evidence to be  low quality. There was an increase in  adverse events  in people receiving orals steroids compared with placebo for gastrointestinal disturbances (risk ratio (RR) 3.45, 95% CI 1.11 to 10.78; 187 participants; three studies) and insomnia (RR 3.63, 95% CI 1.10 to 11.95; 187 participants; three studies). There was no significant impact of oral steroids on mood disturbances at the dosage used in the included study (risk ratio (RR) 2.50, 95% CI 0.55 to 11.41; 40 participants; one study). We assessed the evidence to be  low quality  due to the lack of definitions of the adverse events and the small number of events or sample size, or both). Other comparisons No studies that compared short‐course oral steroids with other treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis met the inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions At the end of the treatment course (two to three weeks) there is an improvement in health‐related quality of life and symptom severity in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps taking oral corticosteroids compared with placebo or no treatment. The quality of the evidence supporting this finding is  low.  At three to six months after the end of the oral steroid treatment period, there is little or no improvement in health‐related quality of life or symptom severity for patients taking an initial course of oral steroids compared with placebo or no treatment. The data on the adverse effects associated with short courses of oral corticosteroids indicate that there may be an increase in insomnia and gastrointestinal disturbances but it is not clear whether there is an increase in mood disturbances. All of the adverse events results are based on  low quality  evidence. More research in this area, particularly research evaluating patients with chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps, longer‐term outcomes and adverse effects, is required. There is no evidence for oral steroids compared with other treatments. Plain language summary Short‐term oral corticosteroids compared with no treatment or other treatments for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of a short course (typically up to 21 days) of corticosteroid given by mouth to people with chronic rhinosinusitis compared with giving a placebo or no treatment, or another type of treatment. Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition that is defined as inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis experience at least two or more of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: blocked nose, discharge from their nose or runny nose, pain or pressure in their face and/or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people will also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Short courses of oral corticosteroids are a widely used treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis. They work by controlling the inflammatory response and when polyps are present they rapidly reduce the size of the polyps to improve symptoms. The adverse effects of corticosteroids can include insomnia, mood changes and gastrointestinal changes (such as stomach pain, heartburn, diarrhoea, constipation, nausea and vomiting). When given over the longer term, or through many repeated short courses, it is also possible to develop osteoporosis (fragile bones). Study characteristics This review includes evidence up to 11 August 2015. We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 474 participants. All of the patients were adults who had chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. All of the studies followed patients until the end of treatment (two to three weeks) and three studies (210 participants) followed up people for three to six months after the initial treatment had ended. Five of the eight reports mentioned how the trial was funded. None of the funding sources were pharmaceutical companies. Key results At the end of a two‐ or three‐week treatment course, people who took oral steroids may have had a better quality of life, less severe symptoms and smaller nasal polyps than people who had placebo or did not receive any treatment. After three to six months, there was little or no difference in quality of life, symptom severity or nasal polyps between the people who had oral steroids and the people who had placebo or no intervention. The people who took oral steroids may have had more gastrointestinal disturbances and insomnia than the people who had placebo or no intervention. It is not clear if the people who took oral steroids had more mood disturbances than the people who had placebo or no intervention. Quality of the evidence We judged the quality of the evidence for oral steroids plus intranasal steroids for adults with nasal polyps to be low (further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the effect estimate and is likely to change the estimate), as the some of the results are only from one or two studies, which do not have a lot of participants. Most of the trials do not have a high risk of bias, but only people with nasal polyps were included in the review.
Capsaicin for non‐allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background There are many forms of rhinitis. Patients are diagnosed with non‐allergic rhinitis when anatomic, infectious and allergic aetiologies have been excluded. The symptoms, including nasal congestion, blockage or obstruction, clear rhinorrhoea, sneezing and, less frequently, nasal itching, can range from mild to debilitating. It affects between 25% and 50% of patients with rhinitis. Several medications are widely used in the treatment of non‐allergic rhinitis, including oral and topical nasal antihistamines, intranasal and (rarely) systemic corticosteroids, and anticholinergics. Capsaicin, the active component of chili peppers, delivered intranasally, is considered a treatment option for non‐allergic rhinitis. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of capsaicin in the management of non‐allergic rhinitis compared with no therapy, placebo or other topical or systemic medications, or two or more of the above therapies in combination, or different capsaicin regimens. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 5); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 24 June 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in adult patients with non‐allergic rhinitis comparing intranasal capsaicin with no therapy, placebo or other topical or systemic medications, or their combinations. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results We included four studies (five publications) involving 302 participants with idiopathic non‐allergic rhinitis. All the included studies described patients with moderately severe, idiopathic non‐allergic rhinitis who were between the ages of 16 and 65. Studies had follow‐up periods ranging from four to 38 weeks. The overall risk of bias in the studies was either high or unclear (two studies had overall high risk of bias, while two others had low to unclear risk of bias). Using the GRADE system we assessed the evidence as being of low to moderate quality. A meta‐analysis was not possible, given lack of similarity of the reported outcomes. Two studies compared capsaicin with placebo. One study reported that capsaicin resulted in an improvement of overall nasal symptoms (a primary outcome) measured on a visual analogue scale (VAS) of 0 to 10. There was a mean difference (MD) of ‐3.34 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐5.24 to ‐1.44), MD ‐3.73 (95% CI ‐5.45 to ‐2.01) and MD ‐3.52 (95% CI ‐5.55 to ‐1.48) at two, 12 and 36 weeks post‐treatment, respectively. Another study reported that, compared to placebo, capsaicin (at 4 µg/puff) was more likely to produce overall symptom resolution (reduction in nasal blockage, sneezing/itching/coughing and nasal secretion measured with a daily record chart) at four weeks post‐treatment (a primary outcome). The risk ratio (RR) was 3.17 (95% CI 1.38 to 7.29). One study compared capsaicin to budesonide (an intranasal corticosteroid). This study found that patients treated with capsaicin had a better overall symptom score compared to those treated with budesonide (MD 2.50, 95% CI 1.06 to 3.94, VAS of 0 to 10). However, there were no differences in the individual symptom scores for headache, postnasal drip, rhinorrhoea, nasal blockage, sneezing and sore throat assessed during the last three days of a four‐week treatment. One study compared two different regimens of capsaicin administration: five treatments in one day versus five treatments given every two to three days during two weeks. Using daily record charts, the study reported significant improvement of individual symptom scores for rhinorrhoea in patients treated five times per day, however numerical data were not presented. There were no improvements in the other outcomes: rhinorrhoea, nasal obstruction, sneezing and overall nasal symptoms, measured on a VAS. Finally, one of these studies also compared three doses of capsaicin (to placebo). Patients treated with a 1 µg versus 4 µg per puff dose of capsaicin had a worse daily record chart overall symptom score resolution (RR 0.63, 95% CI 0.34 to 1.16). Only one study attempted to measure adverse effects (a primary outcome), however due to methodological issues with the assessment we are unable to draw any conclusions. We sought to include other secondary outcomes (e.g. quality of life measures, treatment dropouts, endoscopic scores, turbinate or mucosal size, cost of therapy), but none of these were measured or reported in the included studies. Authors' conclusions Capsaicin may be an option in the treatment of idiopathic non‐allergic rhinitis. It is given in the form of brief treatments, usually during the same day. It appears to have beneficial effects on overall nasal symptoms up to 36 weeks after treatment, based on a few, small studies (low‐quality evidence). Well‐conducted randomised controlled trials are required to further advance our understanding of the effectiveness of capsaicin in non‐allergic rhinitis, especially in patients with non‐allergic rhinitis of different types and severity, and using different methods of capsaicin application. Plain language summary Capsaicin for non‐allergic rhinitis Review question Is capsaicin applied into the nose (intranasal) effective in the management of non‐allergic rhinitis compared with no therapy, placebo or other topical or systemic medications? Background Rhinitis means inflammation of the nose. It affects 30% to 40% of the general population. There are many forms of rhinitis: rhinosinusitis (or simply sinusitis), allergic rhinitis and non‐allergic rhinitis. Non‐allergic rhinitis is diagnosed in patients who have negative tests for allergies and also do not have sinusitis. The symptoms include congestion of the nose, a blocked or obstructed sensation in the nose that causes difficulty breathing, clear nasal discharge (runny nose), sneezing and nasal itching. There are several subtypes of non‐allergic rhinitis: occupational (from exposure to chemicals), smoking, gustatory (related to eating food or drinking fluid), hormonal (from changes in hormone levels in the body), pregnancy, senile or elderly (mostly affecting the older population), medication‐induced (for example, from overuse of decongestant nasal sprays) and local allergic (local allergy in the nose, while skin or blood allergy tests are negative). The most common subtype of non‐allergic rhinitis is 'idiopathic' or 'vasomotor' rhinitis, which results from imbalance of the neural (nerve) system that manages the function of the nose. The mechanisms of many of these subtypes remain unknown. Non‐allergic rhinitis affects about 25% to 50% of patients with rhinitis and is therefore very common. Capsaicin is the active ingredient of chili peppers. It has medicinal properties and is used elsewhere in medicine, for example for neuralgias (nerve pain) and psoriasis (a skin disease). The side effects of using capsaicin in the nose include irritation, burning, sneezing and coughing, however there are no known long‐term side effects of capsaicin use. Capsaicin is given in the form of brief treatments, usually during the same day. It works by down‐regulating transient receptor potential vanilloid (TRPV) receptor expression on C‐sensory fibres. TRPV represents special ion channels involved in the sensations of pain, cold, hotness, tastes, pressure and vision. C fibres help to conduct some of these sensations. There is ongoing research into the effects of capsaicin on these mechanisms and its clinical uses. Study characteristics We included four studies involving 302 patients with idiopathic non‐allergic rhinitis. All the included studies described patients with moderately severe idiopathic non‐allergic rhinitis, who were between the ages of 16 and 65. The studies had a follow‐up ranging from four to 38 weeks after treatment. Key results Individually, the studies reported that the overall function of the nose in patients with non‐allergic rhinitis improved when treated with capsaicin compared to placebo. Capsaicin also seems to work better than another common type of nasal medication, budesonide (a steroid). The best knowledge that we have on capsaicin treatment supports giving it five times in one day, and to use doses of at least 4 micrograms in each puff. We could not combine the results together. The included studies did not have sufficient information to allow us to draw a conclusion about side effects. We also wanted to include other outcomes (e.g. quality of life measures, treatment dropouts, endoscopic scores, turbinate or mucosal size, cost of therapy), but none of these were measured or reported in the included studies. Quality of the evidence Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be of low to moderate quality. The evidence is up to date to June 2015. Conclusions Given that many other options do not work well in non‐allergic rhinitis, capsaicin is a reasonable option to try under physician supervision.
Antibiotics versus placebo for acute bacterial conjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Acute bacterial conjunctivitis is an infection of the conjunctiva and is one of the most common ocular disorders in primary care. Antibiotics are generally prescribed on the basis that they may speed recovery, reduce persistence, and prevent keratitis. However, many cases of acute bacterial conjunctivitis are self‐limited, resolving without antibiotic therapy. This Cochrane Review was first published in  The Cochrane Library  in 1999, then updated in 2006, 2012, and 2022. Objectives To assess the benefits and side effects of antibiotic therapy in the management of acute bacterial conjunctivitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) ( The Cochrane Library  2022, Issue 5), MEDLINE (January 1950 to May 2022), Embase (January 1980 to May 2022), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled-trials.com ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ), and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases in May 2022.   Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in which any form of antibiotic treatment, with or without steroid, had been compared with placebo/vehicle in the management of acute bacterial conjunctivitis. This included topical and systemic antibiotic treatments. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently reviewed the titles and abstracts of identified studies. We assessed the full text of all potentially relevant studies and determined the included RCTs, which were further assessed for risk of bias using Cochrane methodology. We performed data extraction in a standardized manner and conducted random‐effects meta‐analyses using RevMan Web. Main results We included 21 eligible RCTs, 10 of which were newly identified in this update. A total of 8805 participants were randomized. All treatments were topical in the form of drops or ointment. The trials were heterogeneous in terms of their eligibility criteria, the nature of the intervention (antibiotic drug class, which included fluoroquinolones [FQs] and non‐FQs; dosage frequency; duration of treatment), the outcomes assessed and the time points of assessment. We judged one trial to be of high risk of bias, four as low risk of bias, and the others as raising some concerns. Based on intention‐to‐treat (ITT) population, antibiotics likely improved clinical cure (resolution of clinical symptoms or signs) by 26% (RR 1.26, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.46; 5 trials, 1474 participants; moderate certainty) as compared with placebo. Subgroup analysis showed no differences by antibiotic class (P = 0.67) or treatment duration (P = 0.60). In the placebo group, 55.5% (408/735) of participants had spontaneous clinical resolution by days 4 to 9 versus 68.2% (504/739) of participants treated with an antibiotic. Based on modified ITT population, in which participants were analyzed after randomization on the basis of positive microbiological culture, antibiotics likely increased microbiological cure (RR 1.53, 95% CI 1.34 to 1.74; 10 trials, 2827 participants) compared with placebo at the end of therapy; there were no subgroup differences by drug class (P = 0.60). No study evaluated the cost‐effectiveness of antibiotic treatment. Patients receiving antibiotics had a lower risk of treatment incompletion than those in the placebo group (RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.78; 13 trials, 5573 participants; moderate certainty) and were 27% less likely to have persistent clinical infection (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.81; 19 trials, 5280 participants; moderate certainty). There was no evidence of serious systemic side effects reported in either the antibiotic or placebo group (very low certainty). When compared with placebo, FQs (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.90) but not non‐FQs (RR 4.05, 95% CI 1.36 to 12.00) may result in fewer participants with ocular side effects. However, the estimated effects were of very low certainty. Authors' conclusions The findings of this update suggest that the use of topical antibiotics is associated with a modestly improved chance of resolution in comparison to the use of placebo. Since no evidence of serious side effects was reported, use of antibiotics may therefore be considered to achieve better clinical and microbiologic efficacy than placebo. Increasing the proportion of participants with clinical cure or increasing the speed of recovery or both are important for individual return to work or school, allowing people to regain quality of life. Future studies may examine antiseptic treatments with topical antibiotics for reasons of cost and growing antibiotic resistance.   Plain language summary What are the benefits and harms of antibiotics for acute bacterial conjunctivitis? Key messages Topical antibiotics may improve signs and symptoms as well as bacterial clearance in participants with acute bacterial conjunctivitis. However, some antibiotics can cause unwanted effects on the eyes or eyelids; no evidence suggests that antibiotics cause unwanted effects in other parts of the body. What is acute bacterial conjunctivitis? Acute bacterial conjunctivitis is a condition in which the thin layer over the white areas and the inside lining of the eyelids of one or both eyes becomes red and inflamed from a bacterial infection. Acute bacterial conjunctivitis is usually contagious and hence children and working adults are advised to avoid going to school or work when affected. Fortunately, it resolves spontaneously in most cases. How is acute bacterial conjunctivitis treated? People with acute bacterial conjunctivitis are often given treatment at the site of the infection, usually as antibiotic eye drops or ointment, to speed recovery. However, the benefits of antibiotics have been questioned when considering they can cause irritation or allergic reaction in and around the eyes or surrounding skin.  What did we want to find out? We examined whether antibiotics alone or in combination with steroid, can improve signs and symptoms of conjunctivitis or help clear the associated bacteria. We also evaluated whether antibiotics would result in undesirable effects on the eyes. What did we do? We performed a systematic review by searching for studies that compared antibiotics in eyedrop, ointment, or tablet form with inactive controls. We summarized these study findings and reported the results together with our level of confidence in them based on how studies were conducted. What did we find? We found that antibiotics likely increase clinical cure and microbiological cure after a course of treatment in comparison with placebo. Antibiotic use also is associated with fewer participants stopping their treatment earlier than they are supposed to. However, for some individuals, non‐fluroquinolone but not fluoroquinolone antibiotics, may result in more unwanted effects on the eyes or eyelids than placebo though we were very uncertain about the relevant evidence. There was no evidence that antibiotics were associated with systemic side effects such as headache or altered sense of smell.  What are the limitations of the evidence? The current update focused on adults and children aged one month or older. Therefore, the evidence does not pertain to antibiotic treatment for neonatal conjunctivitis in neonates younger than one month old. We did not find studies that compared effects of the same antibiotics used in short versus long duration. Therefore, the current review was unable to suggest for or against the prescription duration for acute bacterial conjunctivitis. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The evidence is up‐to‐date as of April 2022.
Topical pharmacologic interventions versus placebo for epidemic keratoconjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Viruses cause about 80% of all cases of acute conjunctivitis. Human adenoviruses are believed to account for 65% to 90% of cases of viral conjunctivitis, or 20% to 75% of all causes of infectious keratoconjunctivitis worldwide. Epidemic keratoconjunctivitis (EKC) is a highly contagious subset of adenoviral conjunctivitis that has been associated with large outbreaks at military installations and at medical facilities. It is accompanied by severe conjunctival inflammation, watery discharge, and light sensitivity, and can lead to chronic complications such as corneal and conjunctival scarring with discomfort and poor quality of vision. Due to a lack of consensus on the efficacy of any pharmacotherapy to alter the clinical course of EKC, no standard of care exists, therefore many clinicians offer only supportive care. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of topical pharmacological therapies versus placebo, an active control, or no treatment for adults with EKC. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register; 2021, Issue 4); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences database (LILACS); ClinicalTrials.gov; and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), with no restrictions on language or year of publication. The date of the last search was 27 April 2021. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials in which antiseptic agents, virustatic agents, or topical immune‐modulating therapy was compared with placebo, an active control, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology. Main results We identified 10 studies conducted in Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa with a total of 892 participants who were treated for 7 days to 6 months and followed for 7 days up to 1.5 years. Study characteristics and risk of bias In most studies participants were predominantly men (range: 44% to 90%), with an age range from 9 to 82 years. Three studies reported information on trial registration, but we found no published study protocol. The majority of trials had small sample sizes, ranging from 18 to 90 participants enrolled per study; the only exception was a trial that enrolled 350 participants. We judged most studies to be at high or unclear risk of bias across risk of bias domains. Findings We included 10 studies of 892 EKC participants and estimated combined intervention effects in analyses stratified by steroid‐containing control treatment or artificial tears. Six trials contributed to the comparisons of topical interventions (povidone‐iodine [PVP‐I], trifluridine, ganciclovir, dexamethasone plus neomycin) with artificial tears (or saline). Very low certainty evidence from two trials comparing trifluridine or ganciclovir with artificial tears showed inconsistent effects on shortening the mean duration of cardinal symptoms or signs of EKC. Low certainty evidence based on two studies (409 participants) indicated that participants treated with PVP‐I alone more often experienced resolution of symptoms (risk ratio (RR) 1.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07 to 1.24) and signs (RR 3.19, 95% CI 2.29 to 4.45) during the first week of treatment compared with those treated with artificial tears. Very low certainty evidence from two studies (77 participants) suggested that PVP‐I or ganciclovir prevented the development of subepithelial infiltrates (SEI) when compared with artificial tears within 30 days of treatment (RR 0.24, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.56). Four studies compared topical interventions (tacrolimus, cyclosporin A [CsA], trifluridine, PVP‐I + dexamethasone) with topical steroids, and one trial compared fluorometholone (FML) plus polyvinyl alcohol iodine (PVA‐I) with FML plus levofloxacin. Evidence from one trial showed that more eyes receiving PVP‐I 1.0% plus dexamethasone 0.1% had symptoms resolved by day seven compared with those receiving dexamethasone alone (RR 9.00, 95% CI 1.23 to 66.05; 52 eyes). In two trials, fewer eyes treated with PVP‐I or PVA‐I plus steroid developed SEI within 15 days of treatment compared with steroid alone or steroid plus levofloxacin (RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.55; 69 eyes). One study found that CsA was no more effective than steroid for resolving SEI within four weeks of treatment (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.06; N = 88). The evidence from trials comparing topical interventions with steroids was overall of very low level certainty. Adverse effects Antiviral or antimicrobial agents plus steroid did not differ from artificial tears in terms of ocular discomfort upon instillation (RR 9.23, 95% CI 0.61 to 140.67; N = 19). CsA and tacrolimus eye drops were associated with more cases of severe ocular discomfort, and sometimes intolerance, when compared with steroids (RR 4.64, 95% CI 1.15 to 18.71; 2 studies; N = 141). Compared with steroids, tacrolimus did not increase the risk of elevated intraocular pressure (RR 0.07, 95% CI 0 to 1.13; 1 study; N = 80), while trifluridine conferred no additional risk compared to tear substitute (RR 5.50, 95% CI 0.31 to 96.49; 1 study; N = 97). Overall, bacterial superinfection was rare (one in 23 CsA users) and not associated with use of the intervention steroid (RR 3.63, 95% CI 0.15 to 84.98; N = 51). The evidence for all estimates was of low or very low certainty. Authors' conclusions The evidence for the seven specified outcomes was of low or very low certainty due to imprecision and high risk of bias. The evidence that antiviral agents shorten the duration of symptoms or signs when compared with artificial tears was inconclusive. Low certainty evidence suggests that PVP‐I alone resolves signs and symptoms by seven days relative to artificial tears. PVP‐I or PVA‐I, alone or with steroid, is associated with lower risks of SEI development than artificial tears or steroid (very low certainty evidence). The currently available evidence is insufficient to determine whether any of the evaluated interventions confers an advantage over steroids or artificial tears with respect to virus eradication or its spread to initially uninvolved fellow eyes. Future updates of this review should provide evidence of high‐level certainty from trials with larger sample sizes, enrollment of participants with similar durations of signs and symptoms, and validated methods to assess short‐ and long‐term outcomes. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of topical medications for treating epidemic keratoconjunctivitis? What is epidemic keratoconjunctivitis?  Epidemic keratoconjunctivitis is inflammation of conjunctiva, the membrane covering the sclera (white outer coating of the eye) and inside of the eyelids, usually caused by specific strains of a group of common viruses known as adenoviruses. The infection can spread easily within households, healthcare settings, and the community. In some individuals, the inflammation leads to scarring of the cornea ('infiltrates') and conjunctiva, which causes persistent discomfort and poor vision. How is it treated?  Treatment is usually supportive with cool compresses, artificial tears, and sometimes steroids.  What did we want to find out?   We wanted to know whether any existing topical medication can relieve symptoms or signs and prevent complications, and if these medications were well‐tolerated. What we did  We reviewed randomized controlled trials (a type of study where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) of children and adults with epidemic keratoconjunctivitis. We summarized the results of these studies and rated our confidence in the evidence according to study sizes and methods. What we found  We found 10 studies that involved 892 people with epidemic keratoconjunctivitis (9 to 82 years old); studies lasted from 7 days to 18 months. When compared with artificial tears, antiviral agents appeared to shorten the duration of symptoms or signs. Povidone‐iodine alone led to more disease recovery within the first seven days of treatment. We found no evidence that any treatment prevented corneal scars more often than artificial tears. The immunosuppressant cyclosporin A was no more effective than steroids in treating corneal scars. Cyclosporin A and tacrolimus eye drops often caused eye discomfort but did not increase people's intraocular pressure as compared to steroids. What are the limitations of the evidence?  Nearly all of the included studies had flawed study methods and were reported poorly. These weaknesses raised our concerns about the study findings and reduced our confidence in the overall evidence summarized in the review.  How up‐to‐date is the evidence?  The evidence is current to April 2021.
Medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis in cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Chronic rhinosinusitis frequently occurs in people with cystic fibrosis. Several medical interventions are available for treating chronic rhinosinusitis in people with cystic fibrosis; for example, different concentrations of nasal saline irrigations, topical or oral corticosteroids, antibiotics ‐ including nebulized antibiotics ‐ dornase alfa and modulators of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) (such as lumacaftor, ivacaftor or tezacaftor). However, the efficacy of these interventions is unclear. This is an update of a previously published review. Objectives The objective of this review is to compare the effects of different medical interventions in people diagnosed with cystic fibrosis and chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis Trials Register, compiled from electronic database searches and hand searching of journals and conference abstract books. Date of last search of trials register: 09 September 2021. We also searched ongoing trials databases, other medical databases and the reference lists of relevant articles and reviews. Date of latest additional searches: 22 November 2021. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized trials of different medical interventions compared to each other or to no intervention or to placebo. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials identified for potential inclusion in the review. We planned to conduct data collection and analysis in accordance with Cochrane methods and to independently rate the quality of the evidence for each outcome using the GRADE guidelines. Main results We identified no trials that met the pre‐defined inclusion criteria. The most recent searches identified 44 new references, none of which were eligible for inclusion in the current version of this review; 12 studies are listed as excluded and one as ongoing. Authors' conclusions We identified no eligible trials assessing the medical interventions in people with cystic fibrosis and chronic rhinosinusitis. High‐quality trials are needed which should assess the efficacy of different treatment options detailed above for managing chronic rhinosinusitis, preventing pulmonary exacerbations and improving quality of life in people with cystic fibrosis. Plain language summary Medical interventions for chronic inflammation of the nose and sinuses in cystic fibrosis Review question What are the effects of medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis on people with cystic fibrosis? Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is long‐term infection and inflammation of the nasal cavity and air‐filled spaces around the eyes and nose. Cystic fibrosis is a genetic condition that makes secretions in the body thick, and hence stagnant. When this occurs in and around the nose, it causes chronic rhinosinusitis. Better care of people with cystic fibrosis has led to them living longer, increasing the chance of developing chronic rhinosinusitis. Early and effective interventions with antibiotics, steroids, drugs that thin the mucus (e.g. dornase alfa) and drugs to improve how the cell membrane channel functions (CFTR modulators) can help to improve quality of life and prevent the development of lower airway disease. Currently, there are no guidelines based on trials to know how best to treat chronic rhinosinusitis in people with cystic fibrosis. Search date The evidence is current to: 09 September 2021. Study characteristics We found no trials in our search that met our inclusion criteria. We have listed 12 trials as excluded and one trial as ongoing in the current review. Key results Although chronic rhinosinusitis is common in people with cystic fibrosis, there is not enough evidence available on its management. This review highlights the need for well‐designed trials assessing which treatment is best for managing chronic rhinosinusitis, preventing lower airway disease and improving quality of life in people with cystic fibrosis.
Topical steroid for chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps; Reason for withdrawal from publication Review withdrawn from Issue 4, 2016. Replaced by new reviews 'Intranasal steroids versus placebo or no intervention for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Chong 2016a) and 'Different types of intranasal steroids for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Chong 2016b). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Functional endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 3, 2006. Rhinosinusitis is a well‐recognised clinical syndrome affecting patients of all ages and gender. Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) has now become a well‐established strategy, comprising several techniques, for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis refractory to medical treatment. Objectives The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of FESS as a treatment for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS; mRCT and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 18 November 2008. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials. Inclusion criteria were any of the following criteria singly or in combination: patients with chronic rhinosinusitis diagnosed by a health professional; patients with sinusitis symptoms for more than 12 weeks; endoscopic evidence of sinusitis or radiological evidence of sinusitis. Exclusion criteria were immune suppression; cystic fibrosis; Wegener's disease; previous sinus surgery or sinonasal malignancy. Data collection and analysis All studies meeting the inclusion criteria underwent validity assessment and the two authors extracted data independently. Comparisons were: FESS versus medical treatment;   FESS versus conventional sinus surgery;   FESS + medical treatment versus medical treatment;   FESS + medical treatment versus conventional sinus surgery + medical treatment. Main results We included three randomised controlled trials involving 212 participants. The evidence available does not demonstrate that FESS, as practised in the included trials, is superior to medical treatment with or without sinus irrigation in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. A middle meatal antrostomy fashioned by FESS was also not shown to be superior to an inferior meatal antrostomy formed by traditional sinus surgery techniques, although the small sample size in the study does not exclude a type II error. In one study there was a relapse rate of 2.4% in the FESS and sinus irrigation group compared to 5.6% in the sinus irrigation only group. The relapse rates were not mentioned in the other studies. There were no major complications, such as orbital injury or cerebrospinal fluid leak, reported in any of the included trials. Authors' conclusions FESS as currently practised is a safe surgical procedure. The limited evidence available suggests that FESS as practised in the included trials has not been demonstrated to confer additional benefit to that obtained by medical treatment (+/‐ sinus irrigation) in chronic rhinosinusitis. More randomised controlled trials comparing FESS with medical and other treatments, with long‐term follow up, are required. Plain language summary Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) for chronic rhinosinusitis Rhinosinusitis is a common and well‐recognised clinical syndrome affecting patients of all ages and gender. Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) is now a well‐established strategy, which comprises several techniques, for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis which has not responded to medical treatment. FESS is a set of minimally invasive surgical techniques which allow direct visual examination and opening of the sinuses. Three randomised controlled trials, involving 212 participants, met the inclusion criteria for this review. The evidence available does not demonstrate that FESS, as practised in the included trials, is superior to medical treatment with or without sinus irrigation in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. There were no major complications in any of the included trials and FESS appears to be a safe procedure. More randomised controlled trials comparing FESS with medical and other treatments, with long‐term follow up, are required.
Systemic and topical antibiotics for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of six looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and is characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Systemic and topical antibiotics are used with the aim of eliminating infection in the short term (and some to reduce inflammation in the long term), in order to normalise nasal mucus and improve symptoms. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic and topical antibiotics in people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register; CENTRAL (2015, Issue 8); MEDLINE; EMBASE; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 29 September 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a follow‐up period of at least three months comparing systemic or topical antibiotic treatment to (a) placebo or (b) no treatment or (c) other pharmacological interventions. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity and the commonest adverse event ‐ gastrointestinal disturbance. Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score and the adverse events of suspected allergic reaction (rash or skin irritation) and anaphylaxis or other very serious reactions. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included five RCTs (293 participants), all of which compared  systemic  antibiotics with placebo or another pharmacological intervention. The varying study characteristics made comparison difficult. Four studies recruited only adults and one only children. Three used macrolide, one tetracycline and one a cephalosporin‐type antibiotic. Three recruited only patients with chronic rhinosinusitis  without  nasal polyps, one recruited patients with chronic rhinosinusitis  with  nasal polyps and one had a mixed population. Three followed up patients for 10 to 12 weeks after treatment had finished. Systemic antibiotics  versus  placebo Three studies compared antibiotics with placebo (176 participants). One study (64 participants, without polyps) reported  disease‐specific HRQL  using the SNOT‐20 (0 to 5, 0 = best quality of life). At the end of treatment (three months) the SNOT‐20 score was lower in the group receiving macrolide antibiotics than the placebo group (mean difference (MD) ‐0.54 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.98 to ‐0.10), corresponding to a moderate effect size favouring antibiotics ( moderate quality  evidence). Three months after treatment, it is uncertain if there was a difference between groups. One study (33 participants, with polyps) provided information on  gastrointestinal disturbances  and suspected allergic reaction (rash or skin irritation) after a short course of tetracycline antibiotic compared with placebo. We are very uncertain if antibiotics were associated with an increase in gastrointestinal disturbances (risk ratio (RR) 1.36, 95% CI 0.22 to 8.50) or skin irritation (RR 6.67, 95% CI 0.34 to 128.86) ( very low quality  evidence) . Systemic antibiotics plus saline irrigation and intranasal corticosteroids  versus  placebo plus saline irrigation and intranasal corticosteroids One study (60 participants, some with and some without polyps) compared a three‐month course of macrolide antibiotic with placebo; all participants also used saline irrigation and 70% used intranasal corticosteroids.  Disease‐specific HRQL  was reported using SNOT‐22 (0 to 110, 0 = best quality of life). Data were difficult to interpret (highly skewed and baseline imbalances) and it is unclear if there was an important difference at any time point ( low quality  evidence). To assess  patient‐reported disease severity  participants rated the effect of treatment on a five‐point scale (‐2 for "desperately worse" to 2 for "cured") at the end of treatment (three months). For improvement in symptoms there was no difference between the antibiotics and placebo groups; the RR was 1.50 (95% CI 0.81 to 2.79;  very low quality  evidence), although there were also slightly more people who felt worse after treatment in the antibiotics group. There was no demonstrable difference in the rate of  gastrointestinal disturbances  between the groups (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.16 to 7.10).  General HRQL  was measured using the SF‐36. The authors stated that there was no difference between groups at the end of treatment (12 weeks) or two weeks later. Systemic antibiotics  versus  intranasal corticosteroids One study (43 participants, without polyps) compared a three‐month course of macrolide antibiotic with intranasal corticosteroids.  Patient‐reported disease severity  was assessed using a composite symptom score (0 to 40; 0 = no symptoms). It is very uncertain if there was a difference as patient‐reported disease severity was similar between groups (MD ‐0.32, 95% CI ‐2.11 to 1.47;  low quality  evidence). Systemic antibiotics  versus  oral corticosteroids One study (28 participants, with polyps) compared a short course of tetracycline antibiotic (unclear duration, ˜20 days) with a 20‐day course of oral corticosteroids. We were unable to extract data on any of the primary efficacy outcomes. It is uncertain if there was a difference in gastrointestinal disturbances  (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.16 to 6.14) or skin irritation (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.20 to 19.62) as the results for these outcomes were similar between groups ( very low quality  evidence) . Authors' conclusions We found very little evidence that systemic antibiotics are effective in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. We did find  moderate quality  evidence of a modest improvement in disease‐specific quality of life in adults with chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps receiving three months of a macrolide antibiotic. The size of improvement was moderate (0.5 points on a five‐point scale) and only seen at the end of the three‐month treatment; by three months later no difference was found. Despite a general understanding that antibiotics can be associated with adverse effects, including gastrointestinal disturbances, the results in this review were very uncertain because the studies were small and few events were reported. No RCTs of topical antibiotics met the inclusion criteria. More research in this area, particularly evaluating longer‐term outcomes and adverse effects, is required. Plain language summary Systemic and topical antibiotics for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of systemic (given by mouth) or topical (given by nose) antibiotics for people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition that is defined as inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients experience at least two or more of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: blocked nose, discharge from their nose or runny nose, pain or pressure in their face and/or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people will also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Study characteristics We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 293 participants. The studies were small (43 to 79 participants). Four recruited adults and the fifth children. Three studies only included people with chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps, one a mix of people with and without polyps and the remaining study only people with polyps. All used different types of oral antibiotics; none looked at topical antibiotics. The antibiotics were given to patients as either antimicrobial or anti‐inflammatory agents and for different lengths of time, although in all cases we were able to look at the outcomes after three months. Antibiotics were compared with placebo, with intranasal (in the nose) steroids or with oral steroids. One study used antibiotics as an additional treatment, on top of nasal saline irrigation and most people also took intranasal steroids in this study. Key results and quality of the evidence When compared to a placebo (three studies), there was moderate quality evidence in one study that there may be an improvement in disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL) with oral antibiotics in people with chronic rhinosinusitis (without polyps) at the end of treatment (three months), but it is unclear if HRQL was still improved three months later. There may have been an increase in gastrointestinal disturbances and suspected allergic reaction (rash or skin irritation) with antibiotics but we are very uncertain and the quality of the evidence is very low. Antibiotics were used alongside nasal saline irrigation and intranasal steroids (compared to placebo plus the same) in one study. It is not clear if there was an important difference in disease‐specific HRQL after treatment (three months) or at three months after treatment was completed (low quality evidence). There may have been more people in the antibiotics group who felt they had 'improved' at the end of treatment, but there were also people who had worse symptoms in both groups (very low quality evidence). It is very uncertain if there was a difference in gastrointestinal disturbances between groups. When compared with intranasal steroids in people with chronic rhinosinusitis (without polyps), it was very uncertain if there was a difference in disease severity (using a combined score for four different symptoms) between the antibiotics and intranasal steroids groups in one study (low quality evidence). No information was given about adverse events. The one study that compared antibiotics with oral steroids (in people with chronic rhinosinusitis with polyps) did not present any effectiveness results that we could use. It was uncertain if there was any difference in gastrointestinal disturbances or skin irritation in the antibiotics group (very low quality evidence). There were no reports of any serious adverse effects in any of the studies. Conclusions We found very little evidence that oral antibiotics are effective in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. We did find moderate quality evidence of a modest improvement in disease‐specific quality of life in adults with chronic rhinosinusitis without polyps receiving three months of a macrolide antibiotic. The size of the improvement was moderate (0.5 points on a five‐point scale) and only seen at the end of the three‐month treatment; by three months later no difference was found. Despite a general understanding that antibiotics can be associated with adverse effects, including gastrointestinal disturbances, the results in this review were very uncertain because the studies were small and few events were reported. More research in this area, particularly evaluating longer‐term outcomes and adverse effects, is required.
Surgical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps; Abstract - Background Surgical treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps is an established treatment for medically resistant nasal polyp disease. Whether a nasal polypectomy with additional sinus dissection offers any advantage over an isolated nasal polypectomy has not been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of simple polyp surgery versus more extensive surgical clearance in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2014, Issue 1); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 20 February 2014. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials in patients over 16 with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, who have failed a course of medical management and who have not previously undergone any previous surgical intervention for their nasal disease. Studies compared nasal polypectomy with more extensive sinus clearance in this patient cohort. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results We identified no trials which met our inclusion criteria. Six controlled trials (five randomised) met some but not all of the inclusion criteria and were therefore excluded from the review. Authors' conclusions We are unable to reach any conclusions as to whether isolated nasal polypectomy or more extensive sinus surgery is a superior surgical treatment modality for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. There is a need for high‐quality randomised controlled trials to assess whether additional sinus surgery confers any benefit when compared to nasal polypectomy performed in isolation. Plain language summary Surgical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps Background Benign nasal polyps are abnormal tissue growths inside the nasal passages and sinuses, often on both sides of the nose. They can cause a wide array of symptoms including blocked nose, poor sense of smell that can lead to a loss of taste, runny nose and nasal congestion. Sinuses are air‐filled cavities in the bones of the face, which are in continuity with the nasal passages. The first‐line treatment for nasal polyps is usually medical therapy in the form of steroids ‐ as sprays (topically) or by mouth (orally). In patients where this treatment has failed to relieve the symptoms, the polyps can be removed surgically. These surgical procedures are often not curative and patients may need to continue medical therapy or undergo further surgeries. A number of well‐established surgical techniques can be used to remove polyps. What has not been established is whether removing the nasal polyps and clearing out the sinuses offers any advantage in the control of the disease when compared to simply removing the polyps and leaving the sinuses unchanged. We sought evidence in the literature to establish whether there was any difference in patients who underwent nasal polyp removal alone versus those who had nasal polyps removed as well as opening up of the sinuses. Study characteristics No trials met our inclusion criteria. We did identify six controlled trials (five of which were randomised) in which some but not all of our inclusion criteria were met, but we had to exclude these studies from the review. Key results No trials met our inclusion criteria. Quality of evidence At present, we cannot comment on whether taking nasal polyps out alone or also opening up the sinuses at the same time is a better treatment for patients with this disease. There is a need for high‐quality randomised controlled trials to answer this question. This evidence is current to February 2014.
Antibiotics for persistent nasal discharge (rhinosinusitis) in children; Reason for withdrawal from publication This review was withdrawn from The Cochrane Library, Issue 3, 2007. The authors agreed that they could no longer work towards completing the review, due to other work demands. The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Systemic antibiotics for chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps in adults; Reason for withdrawal from publication Review withdrawn from Issue 4, 2016. Review replaced by 'Systemic and topical antibiotics for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Head 2016). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Systemic interventions for severe atopic and vernal keratoconjunctivitis in children and young people up to the age of 16 years; Abstract - Background Atopic keratoconjunctivitis (AKC) and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC) are severe and potentially sight‐threatening allergic eye diseases characterised by chronic inflammation of the ocular surface. Both topical and systemic treatments are used. This Cochrane Review focuses on systemic treatments. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic treatments (including corticosteroids, NSAIDS, immunomodulators, and monoclonal antibodies), alone or in combination, compared to placebo or other systemic or topical treatment, for severe AKC and VKC in children and young people up to the age of 16 years. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, the ISRCTN registry, ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP). There were no restrictions to language or year of publication. We last searched the electronic databases on 17 February 2020. Selection criteria We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved systemic treatments in children aged up to 16 years with a clinical diagnosis of AKC or VKC. We planned to include studies that evaluated a single systemic medication versus placebo, and studies that compared two or multiple active treatments. Data collection and analysis We used standard methods expected by Cochrane. Main results No trial met the inclusion criteria of this Cochrane Review. No RCTs have been carried out on this topic. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence from randomised controlled trials regarding the safety and efficacy of systemic treatments for VKC and AKC. Trials are required to test efficacy and safety of current and future treatments. Outcome measures need to be developed which can capture both objective clinical and patient‐reported aspects of the condition and treatments. Plain language summary What medicines, taken by mouth or given as an injection, work best to treat severe allergic eye disease in children and young people under 16 years old? What is allergic eye disease?   An immune response is how the body recognises and defends itself against substances that appear harmful, usually by producing specific blood proteins (antibodies) against them. An allergy is a reaction by the body's immune system to a particular substance (an allergen) that is usually harmless, such as grass or tree pollens in the air. Different allergens affect different tissues, and their effects can be mild or serious. In the eye, allergic reactions can cause conjunctivitis: the conjunctiva (the tissue covering the white of the eye and lining the inside of the eyelids) becomes swollen and sore. Severe allergic eye disease may also affect the cornea (the clear, front part of the eye), causing keratoconjunctivitis. Vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC) and atopic keratoconjunctivitis (AKC) are rare types of severe allergic eye disease. VKC usually develops in children and is more common in boys; AKC can affect children and adults. These conditions usually affect both eyes and make them red, itchy, sore, watery and sensitive to light. Both conditions can damage the cornea, which can affect eyesight and lead to blindness. Treatment is essential to save eyesight. Treatments for severe allergic eye disease   Both conditions are treated with medicines that try to block the allergic reaction and reduce swelling. Symptoms may get better with medicines given as eye drops, but if these don't work, other medicines may be taken by mouth or given as an injection (systemic medicines). Systemic medicines that are often used to treat severe allergic eye disease include ones that target or suppress the immune response, such as anti‑inflammatory medicines and antibodies. Why we did this Cochrane Review   We wanted to find out which systemic treatments work best for severe allergic eye disease in children and young people. What did we do?  We searched for studies that looked at systemic medicines to treat severe allergic eye disease in children and young people under 16 years of age. We wanted to find studies that compared a single medicine with a placebo (dummy) medicine, or studies that compared two or more medicines against each other. We looked for randomised controlled studies, in which the treatments people received were decided at random, because these studies usually give the most reliable evidence about the effects of a treatment. Search date:  We searched for evidence published up to 17 February 2020. What we found  We found no randomised controlled studies in children and young people with severe allergic eye disease treated by systemic medicines. Conclusions There is no evidence from randomised controlled studies about how well systemic medicines work for severe allergic eye disease in children and young people aged under 16 years. Research is needed to investigate how well systemic medicines work to treat severe allergic eye disease in children and young people, and to learn about any unwanted effects these medicines might cause.
Surgical versus medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps; Abstract - Background Nasal polyps cause nasal obstruction, discharge and reduction in or loss of sense of smell, but their aetiology is unknown. The management of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, aimed at improving these symptoms, includes both surgical and medical treatments, but there is no universally accepted management protocol. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of endonasal/endoscopic surgery versus medical treatment in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 20 February 2014. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of any surgical intervention (e.g. polypectomy, endoscopic sinus surgery) versus any medical treatment (e.g. intranasal and/or systemic steroids), including placebo, in adult patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by The Cochrane Collaboration. Meta‐analysis was not possible due to the heterogeneity of the studies and the selective (incomplete) outcome reporting by the studies. Main results Four studies (231 participants randomised) are included in the review. No studies were at low risk of bias. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, n = 109), (2) polypectomy versus systemic steroids (two studies, n = 87); (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high‐dose topical steroid (one study, n = 35). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies, the results were similar. Primary outcomes: symptom scores and quality of life scores There were no important differences between groups in either the patient‐reported disease‐specific symptom scores or the health‐related quality of life scores. Two studies (one comparing ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high‐dose topical steroid, the other ESS versus systemic steroids) failed to find a difference in generic health‐related quality of life scores. The quality of this evidence is  low  or  very low . Endoscopic scores and other secondary outcomes Two studies reported endoscopic scores. One study (ESS versus systemic steroids) reported a large, significant effect size in the surgical group, with a mean difference (MD) in score of ‐1.5 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.78 to ‐1.22, n = 95) on a scale of 0 to 3 (0 = no polyposis, 3 = severe polyposis). In the other study (ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high‐dose topical steroid) no difference was found between the groups (MD 2.3%, 95% CI ‐17.4% to 12.8%, n = 34). None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. Authors' conclusions The evidence relating to the effectiveness of different types of surgery versus medical treatment for adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps is of very low quality. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient‐reported symptom scores and quality of life measurements. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service usage, is justified. Plain language summary Surgical versus medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps Background Nasal polyps are common, benign swellings of the lining of the nose. In some people they may cause no symptoms, but in others they may lead to nasal obstruction, congestion, facial pressure and anosmia (loss of sense of smell). The incidence of symptomatic nasal polyps increases with age and they are more common in men than in women. The cause of nasal polyps is not fully understood but they may be a result of chronic (long‐term) inflammation of the lining of the nose (termed 'chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps'). Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps can be treated medically, for example with drugs such as topical (intranasal) steroid sprays, or with surgery (for example, nasal polypectomy with or without endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS)). However, it is unclear what is the most effective management strategy. Study characteristics Four randomised controlled trials, involving a total of 231 patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, are included in this review. The number of patients in each study ranged from 34 to 109. The studies took place in ENT departments in several European countries. All patients were adults and most of the studies enrolled more men than women. In all studies the patients were randomly assigned to either surgery or medical treatment (such as antibiotics or steroid tablets or injections) in addition to topical steroids given as nasal sprays or drops. Both the type of surgery performed and the medical treatments used varied widely between the studies, and did not allow all of the studies to be looked at together. Rather, we considered the treatment groups in the four studies as three separate pairs of comparisons instead of simply 'surgical' versus 'medical' treatments. Key results The main outcome measures were patient‐reported disease‐specific symptom scores and health‐related quality of life scores, as well as generic health‐related quality of life scores. There were no important differences between groups in either the patient‐reported disease‐specific symptom scores or the health‐related quality of life scores. Two studies (one comparing ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high‐dose topical steroid, the other ESS versus systemic steroids) did not find a difference in general health‐related quality of life scores. Two studies reported changes in polyp size (when looked at with an endoscope) using a score. One study (ESS versus systemic steroids) reported a significantly better score in the surgery group than in the steroids group at 12 months. In the other study (ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high‐dose topical steroid) no difference was found between the groups. There were no reported differences between the different medical and surgical treatment groups in any study for any other objective (clinician‐based) measurements. Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but nosebleeds (epistaxis) were the most commonly described complication with both medical and surgical treatment; severe complications were reported rarely in either group. Conclusion The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient‐reported symptom scores and quality of life measurements. One positive finding (polyps size scores) from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. There is not enough evidence to draw firm conclusions regarding the most appropriate treatment for this condition. Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps has significant implications for quality of life and the use of healthcare services. Further research to investigate this problem is justified. Quality of the evidence Overall, we found this evidence to be of low or very low quality. We have low confidence in the estimates of these studies; further research will very likely change these estimates. There were serious limitations in how the studies were carried out or reported (or both), and the number of participants involved was small. In addition, some of the treatment regimens used in the trials are no longer current standards of therapy for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. This evidence is up to date to 20 February 2014.
Different types of intranasal steroids for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of six looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and is characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Topical (intranasal) corticosteroids are used with the aim of reducing inflammation in the sinonasal mucosa in order to improve patient symptoms. Objectives To assess the effects of different types of intranasal steroids in people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 7); MEDLINE; EMBASE; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 11 August 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a follow‐up period of at least three months comparing first‐generation intranasal corticosteroids (e.g. beclomethasone dipropionate, triamcinolone acetonide, flunisolide, budesonide) with second‐generation intranasal corticosteroids (e.g. ciclesonide, fluticasone furoate, fluticasone propionate, mometasone furoate, betamethasone sodium phosphate), or sprays versus drops, or low‐dose versus high‐dose intranasal corticosteroids. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity and the commonest adverse event ‐ epistaxis (nosebleed). Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score and the adverse event of local irritation. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included nine RCTs (911 participants), including four different comparisons. None of the studies evaluated our first primary outcome measure, disease‐specific HRQL. Fluticasone propionate  versus  beclomethasone dipropionate We identified two small studies (56 participants with polyps) that evaluated  disease severity  and looked at the primary adverse effect:  epistaxis  , but no other outcomes. We cannot report any numerical data but the study authors reported no difference between the two steroids. The evidence was of  very low quality . Fluticasone propionate  versus  mometasone furoate We identified only one study (100 participants with polyps) that evaluated  disease severity  (nasal symptoms scores), which reported no difference (no numerical data available). The evidence was of  very low quality . High‐dose  versus  low‐dose steroids We included five studies (663 participants with nasal polyps), three using mometasone furoate (400 µg versus 200 µg in adults and older children, 200 µg versus 100 µg in younger children) and two using fluticasone propionate drops (800 µg versus 400 µg). We found  low quality  evidence relating to  disease severity  and nasal polyps size, with results from the high‐dose and low‐dose groups being similar. Although all studies reported more improvement in polyp score in the high‐dose group, the significance of this is unclear due to the small size of the improvements. The primary adverse effect,  epistaxis  , was more common when higher doses were used (risk ratio (RR) 2.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.20 to 3.54, 637 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). Most of the studies that contributed data to this outcome used a broad definition of epistaxis, which ranged from frank bleeding to bloody nasal discharge to flecks of blood in the mucus. Aqueous nasal spray  versus  aerosol spray We identified only one poorly reported study (unclear number of participants for comparison of interest, 91 between three treatment arms), in which there were significant baseline differences between the participants in the two groups. We were unable to draw meaningful conclusions from the data. Authors' conclusions We found insufficient evidence to suggest that one type of intranasal steroid is more effective than another in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis, nor that the effectiveness of a spray differs from an aerosol. We identified no studies that compared drops with spray. It is unclear if higher doses result in better symptom improvements ( low quality evidence ), but there was  moderate quality  evidence of an increased risk of epistaxis as an adverse effect of treatment when higher doses were used. This included all levels of severity of epistaxis and it is likely that the proportion of events that required patients to discontinue usage is low due to the low numbers of withdrawals attributed to it. If epistaxis is limited to streaks of blood in the mucus it may be tolerated by the patient and it may be safe to continue treatment. However, it may be a factor that affects compliance. There is insufficient evidence to suggest that the different types of corticosteroid molecule or spray versus aerosol have different effects. Lower doses have similar effectiveness but fewer side effects. Clearly more research in this area is needed, with specific attention given to trial design, disease‐specific health‐related quality of life outcomes and evaluation of longer‐term outcomes and adverse effects. Plain language summary Different types of intranasal steroids for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of different types of intranasal (in the nose) steroids given to people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition that is defined as inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis experience at least two or more of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: blocked nose, discharge from their nose or runny nose, pain or pressure in their face and/or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people will also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Topical (intranasal) corticosteroids are used with the aim of reducing inflammation in order to improve patient symptoms. Study characteristics We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 910 participants in this review. The studies varied in size: some were small, with as few as 20 patients, while others included over 200 participants. Most studies recruited adult patients, but one study only included children. In the majority of the adult studies, most participants were male (72% to 79%). In all of the studies the participants had chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The studies either compared different types of steroids (three studies), high‐dose versus low‐dose steroids (five studies), twice daily versus once daily steroids, or different delivery methods (aqueous nasal spray versus aerosol ‐ one study). All of the studies had a placebo group. Key results and quality of the evidence Different steroids: fluticasone propionate versus beclomethasone dipropionate Two small studies (56 participants, unclear risk of bias) evaluated disease severity and looked at the primary adverse effect, epistaxis (nosebleed), but no other outcomes. No difference was found between the two steroids but we assessed the evidence to be of  very low quality . Different steroids: fluticasone propionate versus mometasone furoate One study (100 participants, unclear risk of bias) found no difference in disease severity (nasal symptoms scores). We assessed this evidence to be of  very low quality . High‐dose versus low‐dose steroids We found five studies (663 participants, low or unclear risk of bias) that compared high‐dose and low‐dose steroids, three using mometasone furoate (400 µg versus 200 µg in adults and older children, 200 µg versus 100 µg in younger children), and two using fluticasone propionate drops (800 µg versus 400 µg). Effectiveness (disease severity and nasal polyps size) was similar between the high‐dose and low‐dose groups ( low quality evidence ). Although all studies reported more improvement in polyp score in the high‐dose group, the significance of this is unclear because the improvements seen were small. The primary adverse effect, epistaxis, was more common when higher doses were used (moderate quality evidence). Different delivery methods: aqueous nasal spray versus aerosol spray We identified only one poorly reported study with a high risk of bias. It was unclear how many participants there were: 91 were recruited into three arms. There had also been significant differences between the participants in the two groups when they started the study. We were unable to draw any meaningful conclusions from this study. Conclusions We found no evidence that one type of intranasal steroid is more effective than another in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis, nor that higher doses are better than lower, nor that the effectiveness of a spray differs from an aerosol. We found no studies that compared nasal drops with spray. We did find moderate quality evidence of an increased risk of epistaxis (nosebleed) as an adverse effect of treatment when higher doses were used. More research in this area is clearly needed. In the future studies should be well designed: they should measure chronic rhinosinusitis‐specific health‐related quality of life and adverse effects as outcomes, and look at what happens to patients taking intranasal steroids in the longer term.
Intranasal steroids versus placebo or no intervention for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of six looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and is characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. The use of topical (intranasal) corticosteroids has been widely advocated for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis given the belief that inflammation is a major component of this condition. Objectives To assess the effects of intranasal corticosteroids in people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 8); MEDLINE; EMBASE; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 11 August 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a follow‐up period of at least three months comparing intranasal corticosteroids (e.g. beclomethasone dipropionate, triamcinolone acetonide, flunisolide, budesonide) against placebo or no treatment in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), patient‐reported disease severity and the commonest adverse event ‐ epistaxis. Secondary outcomes included general HRQL, endoscopic nasal polyp score, computerised tomography (CT) scan score and the adverse events of local irritation or other systemic adverse events. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included 18 RCTs with a total of 2738 participants. Fourteen studies had participants with nasal polyps and four studies had participants without nasal polyps. Only one study was conducted in children. Intranasal corticosteroids  versus  placebo or no intervention Only one study (20 adult participants without polyps) measured our primary outcome  disease‐specific HRQL  using the Rhinosinusitis Outcome Measures‐31 (RSOM‐31). They reported no significant difference (numerical data not available) ( very low quality  evidence). Our second primary outcome,  disease severity  , was measured using the Chronic Sinusitis Survey in a second study (134 participants without polyps), which found no important difference (mean difference (MD) 2.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐5.02 to 10.70; scale 0 to 100). Another study (chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps) reported an increased chance of improvement in the intranasal corticosteroids group (RR 2.78, 95% CI 1.76 to 4.40; 109 participants). The quality of the evidence was  low . Six studies provided data on at least two of the individual symptoms  used in the EPOS 2012 criteria to define chronic rhinosinusitis (nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea, loss of sense of smell and facial pain/pressure). When all four symptoms in the EPOS criteria were available on a scale of 0 to 3 (higher = more severe symptoms), the average MD in change from baseline was ‐0.26 (95% CI ‐0.37 to ‐0.15; 243 participants; two studies;  low quality  evidence). Although there were more studies and participants when only nasal blockage and rhinorrhoea were considered (MD ‐0.31, 95% CI ‐0.38 to ‐0.24; 1702 participants; six studies), the MD was almost identical to when loss of sense of smell was also considered (1345 participants, four studies;  moderate quality  evidence). When considering the results for the individual symptoms, benefit was shown in the intranasal corticosteroids group. The effect size was larger for nasal blockage (MD ‐0.40, 95% CI ‐0.52 to ‐0.29; 1702 participants; six studies) than for rhinorrhoea (MD ‐0.25, 95% CI ‐0.33 to ‐0.17; 1702 participants; six studies) or loss of sense of smell (MD ‐0.19, 95% CI ‐0.28 to ‐0.11; 1345 participants; four studies). There was heterogeneity in the analysis for facial pain/pressure (MD ‐0.27, 95% CI ‐0.56 to 0.02; 243 participants; two studies). The quality of the evidence was  moderate  for nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea and loss of sense of smell, but  low  for facial pain/pressure. There was an increased risk of  epistaxis  with intranasal corticosteroids (risk ratio (RR) 2.74, 95% CI 1.88 to 4.00; 2508 participants; 13 studies;  high quality  evidence). Considering our secondary outcome, general HRQL, one study (134 participants without polyps) measured this using the SF‐36 and reported a statistically significant benefit only on the general health subscale. The quality of the evidence was  very low . It is unclear whether there is a difference in the risk of local irritation (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.64; 2124 participants; 11 studies) ( low quality  evidence). None of the studies treated or followed up patients long enough to provide meaningful data on the risk of osteoporosis or stunted growth (children). Other comparisons We identified no other studies that compared intranasal corticosteroids  plus  co‐intervention A  versus  placebo  plus  co‐intervention A. Authors' conclusions Most of the evidence available was from studies in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. There is little information about quality of life ( very low quality  evidence). For disease severity, there seems to be improvement for all symptoms ( low quality  evidence), a moderate‐sized benefit for nasal blockage and a small benefit for rhinorrhoea ( moderate quality  evidence). The risk of epistaxis is increased ( high quality  evidence), but these data included all levels of severity; small streaks of blood may not be a major concern for patients. It is unclear whether there is a difference in the risk of local irritation ( low quality  evidence) . Plain language summary Intranasal steroids versus placebo or no intervention for chronic rhinosinusitis Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of intranasal (in the nose) steroids given to people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Background Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition that is defined as inflammation of the nose and paranasal sinuses (a group of air‐filled spaces behind the nose, eyes and cheeks). Patients with chronic rhinosinusitis experience at least two or more of the following symptoms for at least 12 weeks: blocked nose, discharge from their nose or runny nose (rhinorrhoea), pain or pressure in their face and/or a reduced sense of smell (hyposmia). Some people will also have nasal polyps, which are grape‐like swellings of the normal nasal lining inside the nasal passage and sinuses. Topical (intranasal) corticosteroids are used with the aim of reducing inflammation in order to improve patient symptoms. Study characteristics We included 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2738 participants in this review. Most studies were relatively small, with as few as 9 or 10 patients per intervention arm. The largest study had 748 patients in total. Most were conducted in tertiary referral centres in northern Europe, the US and Canada. Fourteen studies only included participants with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps and four studies had participants without nasal polyps. Only one study was conducted in children. The studies looked at a range of types, doses and methods of administration (e.g. spray, drops) of intranasal corticosteroids. Key results and quality of the evidence One study (20 participants) reported no statistically significant difference in disease‐specific health‐related quality of life. Another measured general health‐related quality of life and reported a statistically significant benefit only on a subscale for general health. Both studies recruited participants with chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps. The quality of the evidence was  very low  (we have very little confidence in the effect estimate: the true effect is likely to be substantially different from the estimate of effect). Disease severity was measured in one study (chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps, 134 participants), which found no important difference. Another study (chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps) reported an increased chance of improvement in the intranasal corticosteroids group. The quality of the evidence was  low  (our confidence in the effect estimate is limited: the true effect may be substantially different from the estimate of the effect). When each type of symptom was measured separately (nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea, loss of sense of smell, facial pain/pressure), benefit was shown in the intranasal corticosteroids group. The quality of the evidence was  moderate  for nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea and loss of sense of smell, but  low  for facial pain/pressure (moderate quality evidence means we are moderately confident in the effect estimate: the true effect is likely to be close to the estimate of the effect, but there is a possibility that it is substantially different). There was an increased risk of nosebleeds (epistaxis) with intranasal corticosteroids ( high quality  evidence). However, it was unclear whether there was a difference in the risk of local (nose or throat) irritation ( low quality  evidence). None of the studies treated or followed up patients long enough to provide meaningful data on the risk of osteoporosis (fragile bones) or stunted growth (in children). Conclusions Most of the evidence available was from studies in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. There is little information about quality of life and the quality of this evidence is  very low . For disease severity, there seems to be improvement for all symptoms ( low quality  evidence), a moderate‐sized benefit for nasal blockage and a small benefit for rhinorrhoea ( moderate quality  evidence). The risk of nosebleeds is increased ( high quality  evidence), but this included all levels of severity; for some patients small streaks of blood may not be a major concern. It is unclear whether there is a difference in the risk of local irritation ( low quality  evidence) .
Steroid‐eluting sinus stents for improving symptoms in chronic rhinosinusitis patients undergoing functional endoscopic sinus surgery; Abstract - Background Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) has become a well‐established approach for treating patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) refractory to medical management. However, the surgical outcome may be compromised by postoperative inflammation, polyposis and adhesions, which often require subsequent intervention. Bioabsorbable, steroid‐eluting sinus stents are inserted into the nose, sinuses or both following surgery to prevent stenosis of the sinus openings during the postoperative healing period. The slow release of corticosteroid aims to decrease mucosal oedema and expedite wound healing. Whether a steroid‐eluting stent offers any beneficial effects in terms of improving sinonasal symptoms has not been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the safety and efficacy of steroid‐eluting sinus stent placement in CRS patients after FESS. Search methods The Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group (CENTDG) Trials Search Co‐ordinator searched the CENTDG Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 4); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; Clinicaltrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 14 May 2015. Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing steroid‐eluting sinus stents with non‐steroid‐eluting sinus stents, nasal packing or no treatment in adult CRS patients undergoing FESS. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results We identified no RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. Among the 159 records retrieved using our search strategy, 21 trials had the potential to be included given that they had tested sinus stents, spacers and packing materials for patients with CRS undergoing FESS. However, we excluded these trials from the review because they met some but not all of the inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions We are unable to provide evidence to establish whether steroid‐eluting sinus stents have potential advantages and disadvantages for patients with CRS undergoing FESS. Future, high‐quality RCTs are needed to assess whether or not steroid‐eluting sinus stents confer any beneficial effects, over those of surgery alone, when compared to non‐steroid sinus stents. Plain language summary Steroid‐eluting sinus stents for improving symptoms in chronic rhinosinusitis patients undergoing functional endoscopic sinus surgery Background Chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the nasal and paranasal sinus mucosa. Although the cause of CRS remains unclear, multiple factors are likely to contribute to its development. CRS is treated with medical therapy (topical or oral steroids) and surgery. While medical treatments offer relief for most patients with CRS, functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) is commonly performed. However, the surgical outcome of FESS can be compromised by postoperative inflammation, polyposis (formation of polyps) and adhesions of the nasal mucous lining, which often require subsequent interventions. Postoperative treatments are therefore required to achieve optimal long‐term results. Steroid‐eluting sinus stents are devices that are inserted into the nose, sinuses or both, and gradually release a steroid after FESS. They are used to prevent stenosis (narrowing) of the sinus openings and provide anti‐inflammatory benefits during the postoperative healing period. However, it is unknown whether steroid‐eluting sinus stents offer any beneficial effect in improving nasal symptoms of patients with CRS. Study characteristics We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that studied the effects of steroid‐eluting sinus stents compared to non‐steroid‐eluting sinus stents, nasal packing or no treatment in adult patients with CRS who underwent FESS. From the 159 records we retrieved using our search strategy, we identified 21 trials that could potentially be included as they used sinus stents for patients undergoing FESS. However, we had to exclude these trials from the review because they met some but not all of the inclusion criteria. We therefore identified no trials that could be included in the review. Key results No trials met our inclusion criteria. Quality of evidence We are unable to conclude whether or not steroid‐eluting sinus stents offer more beneficial effects, over those of surgery alone, than non‐steroid‐eluting sinus stents, nasal packing or no treatment in patients with CRS undergoing FESS. High‐quality RCTs are needed to answer this question. This review is current to May 2015.
Topical and systemic antifungal therapy for the symptomatic treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis; Reason for withdrawal from publication This review has been withdrawn from Issue 9, 2018 onwards because it has been superseded by the new review 'Topical and systemic antifungal therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis' (DOI:  10.1002/14651858.CD012453.pub2 ). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Antibiotics for preventing complications in children with measles; Abstract - Background Measles is the leading killer among vaccine‐preventable diseases; it is responsible for an estimated 44% of the 1.7 million vaccine‐preventable deaths among children annually. Objectives To assess the effects of antibiotics given to children with measles to prevent complications and reduce pneumonia, other morbidities and mortality. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 4, MEDLINE (1966 to May week 4, 2013) and EMBASE (1980 to May 2013). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing antibiotics with placebo or no treatment, to prevent complications in children with measles. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Main results Seven trials with 1263 children were included. The methodological quality of most studies was poor. Only two studies were randomized, double‐blind trials. There was variation in antibiotics used, their doses, schedule and evaluation of outcome. Pooled study data showed that the incidence of pneumonia was lower in the treatment group compared to the control group. However, the difference was not statistically significant. Of the 654 children who received antibiotics, 27 (4.1%) developed pneumonia; while out of 609 children in the control group, 59 (9.6%) developed pneumonia (odds ratio (OR) 0.35; 95% confidence interval (0.12 to 1.01). The one trial that showed an increase in the rate of pneumonia with antibiotics was conducted in 1942 and compared oral sulfathiazole with symptomatic treatment. If the results of this trial are removed from the meta‐analysis, there is a statistically significant reduction in the incidence of pneumonia in children receiving antibiotics (OR 0.26; 95% CI 0.12 to 0.60). The incidence of other complications was significantly lower in children receiving antibiotics: purulent otitis media (OR 0.34; 95% CI 0.16 to 0.73) and tonsillitis (OR 0.08; 95% CI 0.01 to 0.72). There was no difference in the incidence of conjunctivitis (OR 0.39; 95% CI 0.15 to 1.0), diarrhea (OR 0.53; 95% CI 0.23 to 1.22) or croup (OR 0.16; 95% CI 0.01 to 4.06). No major adverse effects attributable to antibiotics were reported. Authors' conclusions The studies reviewed were of poor quality and used older antibiotics. This review suggests a beneficial effect of antibiotics in preventing complications such as pneumonia, purulent otitis media and tonsillitis in children with measles. On the basis of this review, it is not possible to recommend definitive guidelines on the type of antibiotic, duration or the day of initiation. There is a need for more evidence from high‐quality RCTs to answer these questions. Plain language summary Antibiotics for preventing complications in children with measles Measles is an infectious disease caused by a virus. There is an effective vaccine which can prevent measles, nevertheless 30 to 40 million people worldwide still develop measles annually. Each year measles causes more than half a million deaths and is responsible for an estimated 44% of the 1.7 million vaccine‐preventable deaths among children. Measles is associated with complications such as pneumonia, ear infections, throat infections, diarrhea and conjunctivitis. Currently, the administration of two doses of vitamin A is recommended for the prevention of these complications in children below two years of age. Another method to prevent post‐measles complications is to give antibiotics to children. The objective of this review was to assess the effects of antibiotics given to children with measles to reduce pneumonia, other morbidities and mortality. This review contains search results from May 2013 and included seven controlled clinical trials (1263 children), showed that children with measles who were given antibiotics had a lower incidence of pneumonia, ear infections and tonsillitis. However, there were no benefits for conjunctivitis or gastroenteritis. No major side effects attributable to administration of the study drugs were observed. As many of the studies were performed five decades ago with weak methodology using old antibiotics, there is a need for randomized controlled trials using newer antibiotics.
Antiviral agents for infectious mononucleosis (glandular fever); Abstract - Background Infectious mononucleosis (IM) is a clinical syndrome, usually caused by the Epstein Barr virus (EPV), characterised by lymphadenopathy, fever and sore throat. Most cases of symptomatic IM occur in older teenagers or young adults. Usually IM is a benign self‐limiting illness and requires only symptomatic treatment. However, occasionally the disease course can be complicated or prolonged and lead to decreased productivity in terms of school or work. Antiviral medications have been used to treat IM, but the use of antivirals for IM is controversial. They may be effective by preventing viral replication which helps to keep the virus inactive. However, there are no guidelines for antivirals in IM. Objectives To assess the effects of antiviral therapy for infectious mononucleosis (IM). Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, Issue 3, March 2016), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections (ARI) Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1946 to 15 April 2016), Embase (1974 to 15 April 2016), CINAHL (1981 to 15 April 2016), LILACS (1982 to 15 April 2016) and Web of Science (1955 to 15 April 2016). We searched the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform and ClinicalTrials.gov for completed and ongoing trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing antivirals versus placebo or no treatment in IM. We included trials of immunocompetent participants of any age or sex with clinical and laboratory‐confirmed diagnosis of IM, who had symptoms for up to 14 days. Our primary outcomes were time to clinical recovery and adverse events and side effects of medication. Secondary outcomes included duration of abnormal clinical examination, complications, viral shedding, health‐related quality of life, days missing from school or work and economic outcomes. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, assessed the included studies' risk of bias and extracted data using a customised data extraction sheet. We used the GRADE criteria to rate the quality of the evidence. We pooled heterogeneous data where possible, and presented the results narratively where we could not statistically combine data. Main results We included seven RCTs with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovir. Follow‐up varied from 20 days to six months. The diagnosis of IM was based on clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters. The risk of bias for all included studies was either unclear or high risk of bias. The quality of evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI ‐8.04 to ‐1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six‐month follow‐up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. There was a mean reduction in 'duration of lymphadenopathy' of nine days (95% CI ‐11.75 to ‐6.14, two studies, 61 participants) in favour of the treatment group. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference between antiviral treatment and control groups. Authors' conclusions The effectiveness of antiviral agents (acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovir) in acute IM is uncertain. The quality of the evidence is very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. Although two of the 12 outcomes have results that favour treatment over control, the quality of the evidence of these results is very low and may not be clinically meaningful. Alongside the lack of evidence of effectiveness, decision makers need to consider the potential adverse events and possible associated costs, and antiviral resistance. Further research in this area is warranted. Plain language summary Antiviral medication for the treatment of infectious mononucleosis (glandular fever) Review question We investigated the benefits and side effects of antiviral treatment for people with glandular fever compared with fake treatment or standard care. Background Glandular fever is usually caused by the Epstein Barr virus. Although not generally serious, it can lead to significant time off school or work due to intense tiredness. Rarely, it can lead to potentially life‐threatening complications. Treating people with complications is costly both in terms of healthcare costs and lost productivity. Reducing complications would benefit patient care, so it is important to identify effective treatments for people with glandular fever. Antiviral medications are expensive, may cause side effects and can lead to antiviral resistance. Good justification is needed to ensure best outcomes when antivirals are used. There is no agreement about whether antivirals are effective for treating people with glandular fever. Search date April 2016. Study characteristics We included seven studies that involved a total of 333 people; two were conducted in Europe and five in the USA. Three studies took place in hospitals, one each in a student health centre and a children's clinic, but the setting was unclear in two studies. Three different antiviral drugs were studied: acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyclovir, as well as dosage, comparison treatment (fake or no treatment), and how long people were treated and followed up. Study funding One study did not report study funding, but the other six studies appeared to have some industry support. None declared conflicts of interest, but one included two authors from a drug company. Key results We wanted to investigate several outcomes: time to recovery; medication side effects; duration of: fever, sore throat, swollen lymph nodes, enlarged spleen and liver; development of glandular fever complications; how long it took to eliminate the virus from the throat; health‐related quality of life; days off school or work; and economic outcomes. We found improvements in participants who received antiviral for two outcomes. There was an improvement of five days in time taken to recover among people who received antiviral treatment, but this result was not very precise, and the way it was measured was not clearly defined. Other studies show that glandular fever symptoms can take a month or more to get better, and tiredness may occur in about one in every 10 of patients six months later. This improvement may be of limited clinical significance. Most studies that examined adverse effects did not find any differences between people who received antivirals and those who did not. Time taken to resolve lymph node swelling improved to nine days when antivirals were used. However, studies that reported on this, measured lymph node swelling in different ways so we cannot be sure about the accuracy of the result. Quality of the evidence Evidence quality was rated as very low for all results, which means that we cannot know the exact effect of using antivirals for glandular fever. Better studies are needed so we can draw firm conclusions.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in infancy for the prevention of allergy; Abstract - Background Early dietary intakes may influence the development of allergic disease. It is important to determine if dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) given as supplements or added to infant formula prevent the development of allergy. Objectives To determine the effect of higher PUFA intake during infancy to prevent allergic disease. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review group to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 9), MEDLINE (1966 to 14 September 2015), EMBASE (1980 to 14 September 2015) and CINAHL (1982 to 14 September 2015). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials that compared the use of a PUFA with no PUFA in infants for the prevention of allergy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials, assessed trial quality and extracted data from the included studies. We used fixed‐effect analyses. The treatment effects were expressed as risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. Main results The search found 17 studies that assessed the effect of higher versus lower intake of PUFAs on allergic outcomes in infants. Only nine studies enrolling 2704 infants reported allergy outcomes that could be used in meta‐analyses. Of these, there were methodological concerns for eight. In infants up to two years of age, meta‐analyses found no difference in incidence of all allergy (1 study, 323 infants; RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.26; risk difference (RD) ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.12 to 0.09; heterogeneity not applicable), asthma (3 studies, 1162 infants; RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.35, I 2  = 0%; RD 0.01, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.05, I 2  = 0%), dermatitis/eczema (7 studies, 1906 infants; RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.06, I 2  = 0%; RD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.02, I 2  = 0%) or food allergy (3 studies, 915 infants; RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.19, I 2  = 63%; RD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.02, I 2  = 74%). There was a reduction in allergic rhinitis (2 studies, 594 infants; RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.96, I 2  = 6%; RD ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.08 to ‐0.00, I 2  = 54%; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 25, 95% CI 13 to ∞). In children aged two to five years, meta‐analysis found no difference in incidence of all allergic disease (2 studies, 154 infants; RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.02, I 2  = 43%; RD ‐0.16, 95% CI ‐0.31 to ‐0.00, I 2  = 63%; NNTB 6, 95% CI 3 to ∞), asthma (1 study, 89 infants; RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.20 to 1.02; RD ‐0.20, 95% CI ‐0.37 to ‐0.02; heterogeneity not applicable; NNTB 5, 95% CI 3 to 50), dermatitis/eczema (2 studies, 154 infants; RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.34 to 1.24, I 2  = 0%; RD ‐0.09 95% CI ‐0.22 to 0.04, I 2  = 24%) or food allergy (1 study, 65 infants; RR 2.27, 95% CI 0.25 to 20.68; RD 0.05, 95% CI ‐0.07 to 0.16; heterogeneity not applicable). In children aged two to five years, meta‐analysis found no difference in prevalence of all allergic disease (2 studies, 633 infants; RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.19, I 2  = 36%; RD ‐0.01, 95% CI ‐0.08 to 0.07, I 2  = 0%), asthma (2 studies, 635 infants; RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.53, I 2  = 0%; RD 0.02, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.09, I 2  = 0%), dermatitis/eczema (2 studies, 635 infants; RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.09, I 2  = 0%; RD ‐0.04 95% CI ‐0.11 to 0.02, I 2  = 0%), allergic rhinitis (2 studies, 635 infants; RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.25, I 2  = 0%; RD 0.01, 95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.08, I 2  = 0%) or food allergy (1 study, 119 infants; RR 0.27, 95% CI 0.06 to 1.19; RD ‐0.10, 95% CI ‐0.20 to ‐0.00; heterogeneity not applicable; NNTB 10, 95% CI 5 to ∞). Authors' conclusions There is no evidence that PUFA supplementation in infancy has an effect on infant or childhood allergy, asthma, dermatitis/eczema or food allergy. However, the quality of evidence was very low. There was insufficient evidence to determine an effect on allergic rhinitis. Plain language summary Polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in infancy for the prevention of allergy Review question In infants, does supplementation of the diet with oil high in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) result in a decreased risk of developing allergies such as asthma, dermatitis/eczema, hay fever (called allergic rhinitis) and food allergy in infancy and childhood? Background Allergy is responsible for a substantial health burden in infants, children and adults. Early dietary intakes may influence the development of allergic disease. Dietary PUFAs, such as fish oil, have a role in inflammatory conditions. It is important to determine if dietary PUFAs given as supplements or added to infant formula have the potential to prevent the development of allergy. PUFAs may be given to the breastfeeding mother, to the infant as a supplement (contents of a capsule) or added to infant formula. Study characteristics This review found 100 studies that assessed the effect of higher versus lower intake of PUFAs in infants through searches of medical databases up to September 2015. However, only nine of these studies enrolling 2704 infants reported allergy outcomes (measures). Of these nine studies, we considered only one to be high quality. Five studies reported all allergy as an outcome measure; four studies reported asthma; all nine studies reported dermatitis/eczema; two studies reported allergic rhinitis and four studies reported food allergy. Key results PUFA supplementation in infancy did not affect the risk of infant (aged up to two years of age) or childhood (aged up to 10 years of age) allergy, asthma, dermatitis/eczema and food allergy. There was a reduction in the risk of allergic rhinitis during infancy, however, there was no effect on the risk of childhood allergic rhinitis. There is insufficient evidence to determine an effect on allergic rhinitis. Quality of evidence We graded the evidence for no effect on infant incidence, childhood incidence and childhood prevalence of all allergy as very low; the reduction in infant incidence of allergic rhinitis as very low; and the evidence for no effect on infant incidence, childhood incidence and childhood prevalence of all other allergic outcomes as very low to low. Further high quality studies are needed before we can determine an effect of higher PUFA intake in infants on the risk of allergic disease.
Topical steroids for nasal polyps; Reason for withdrawal from publication Review withdrawn from Issue 4, 2016. Replaced by new reviews 'Intranasal steroids versus placebo or no intervention for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Chong 2016a) and 'Different types of intranasal steroids for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Chong 2016b). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Interventions for preventing ophthalmia neonatorum; Abstract - Background Ophthalmia neonatorum is an infection of the eyes in newborns that can lead to blindness, particularly if the infection is caused by  Neisseria gonorrhoeae.  Antiseptic or antibiotic medication is dispensed into the eyes of newborns, or dispensed systemically, soon after delivery to prevent neonatal conjunctivitis and potential vision impairment. Objectives 1. To determine if any type of systemic or topical eye medication is better than placebo or no prophylaxis in preventing ophthalmia neonatorum. 2. To determine if any one systemic or topical eye medication is better than any other medication in preventing ophthalmia neonatorum. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, and three trials registers, date of last search 4 October 2019. We also searched references of included studies and contacted pharmaceutical companies.  Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials of any topical, systemic, or combination medical interventions used to prevent ophthalmia neonatorum in newborns compared with placebo, no prophylaxis, or with each other. Data collection and analysis We used standard methods expected by Cochrane. Outcomes were: blindness or any adverse visual outcome at 12 months, conjunctivitis at 1 month (gonococcal (GC), chlamydial (CC), bacterial (BC), any aetiology (ACAE), or unknown aetiology (CUE)), and adverse effects.  Main results We included 30 trials with a total of 79,198 neonates. Eighteen studies were conducted in high‐income settings (the USA, Europe, Israel, Canada), and 12 were conducted in low‐ and middle‐income settings (Africa, Iran, China, Indonesia, Mexico). Fifteen of the 30 studies were quasi‐randomised. We judged every study to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Ten studies included a comparison arm with no prophylaxis. There were 14 different prophylactic regimens and 12 different medications in the 30 included studies. Any prophylaxis compared to no prophylaxis  Unless otherwise indicated, the following evidence comes from studies assessing one or more of the following interventions: tetracycline 1%, erythromycin 0.5%, povidone‐iodine 2.5%, silver nitrate 1%. None of the studies reported data on the primary outcomes: blindness or any adverse visual outcome at any time point. There was only very low‐certainty evidence on the risk of GC with prophylaxis (4/5340 newborns) compared to no prophylaxis (5/2889) at one month (risk ratio (RR) 0.79, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.24 to 2.65, 3 studies). Low‐certainty evidence suggested there may be little or no difference in effect on CC (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.61, 4874 newborns, 2 studies) and BC (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.37 to 1.93, 3685 newborns, 2 studies). Moderate‐certainty evidence suggested a probable reduction in risk of ACAE at one month (RR 0.65, 95% 0.54 to 0.78, 9666 newborns, 8 studies assessing tetracycline 1%, erythromycin 0.5%, povidone‐iodine 2.5%, silver nitrate 1%, colostrum, bacitracin‐phenacaine ointment). There was only very low‐certainty evidence on CUE  (RR 1.75, 95% CI 0.37 to 8.28, 330 newborns, 1 study). Very low‐certainty evidence on adverse effects suggested no increased nasolacrimal duct obstruction (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.28, 404 newborns, 1 study of erythromycin 0.5% and silver nitrate 1%) and no increased keratitis (single study of 40 newborns assessing silver nitrate 1% with no events).    Any prophylaxis compared to another prophylaxis Overall, evidence comparing different interventions did not suggest any consistently superior intervention. However, most of this evidence was of low‐certainty and was extremely limited. Authors' conclusions There are no data on whether prophylaxis for ophthalmia neonatorum prevents serious outcomes such as blindness or any adverse visual outcome. Moderate‐certainty evidence suggests that the use of prophylaxis may lead to a reduction in the incidence of ACAE in newborns but the evidence for effect on GC, CC or BC was less certain. Comparison of individual interventions did not suggest any consistently superior intervention, but data were limited. A trial comparing tetracycline, povidone‐iodine (single administration), and chloramphenicol for GC and CC could potentially provide the community with an effective, universally applicable prophylaxis against ophthalmia neonatorum.  Plain language summary Medication to prevent infection of the eye in newborns What was the aim of the review?  The aim of this Cochrane Review was to determine if any medication is better than placebo or no preventive action in preventing ophthalmia neonatorum. Cochrane Review authors collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 30 studies.  Key messages  There are no data on whether prophylaxis for ophthalmia neonatorum prevents serious outcomes such as blindness or visual impairment. Moderate‐certainty evidence suggests that the use of prophylaxis may lead to a reduction in the incidence of any conjunctivitis of any cause in newborns but the evidence for effect on gonococcal or chlamydial conjunctivitis was of low to very‐low certainty. Comparison of individual interventions did not suggest any consistently superior intervention, but data were limited. What was studied in the review?  Ophthalmia neonatorum, also known as neonatal conjunctivitis, is an infection of the eye surface that affects newborn babies within the first month of life. It is usually caused by infection (bacterial or viral) picked up during birth. If left untreated, it can lead to blindness. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends the following treatments to prevent ophthalmia neonatorum: • tetracycline hydrochloride 1% eye ointment; • erythromycin 0.5% eye ointment; • povidone‐iodine 2.5% solution (water‐based); • silver nitrate 1% solution; • chloramphenicol 1% eye ointment. Cochrane Review authors considered these treatments and others to prevent the development of conjunctivitis in newborns. They assessed the two main types of conjunctivitis separately ‐ gonococcal conjunctivitis (caused by  Neisseria gonorrhoeae ) and chlamydial conjunctivitis (caused by  Chlamydia trachomatis )  ‐  as well as conjunctivitis due to any bacteria (including  Neisseria gonorrhoeae  and  Chlamydia trachomatis ), conjunctivitis due to any cause or conjunctivitis of unknown cause.  What are the main results of the review?  Cochrane Review authors identified 30 studies with a total of 79,198 newborns. Eighteen studies took place in high‐income settings (the USA, Europe, Israel, Canada), and 12 were conducted in low‐ and middle‐income settings (Africa, Iran, China, Indonesia, Mexico). The main preventive medications evaluated in the included studies were: tetracycline 1%, erythromycin 0.5%, povidone‐iodine 2.5%, and silver nitrate 1%. Newborns given preventive medication are likely to have a lower chance of conjunctivitis within one month of birth compared with newborns not given preventive medication (moderate‐certainty evidence). The evidence for specific causes of conjunctivitis (gonococcal, chlamydial) was less certain as these occurred less frequently in the included studies. None of the studies collected data on blindness or adverse vision outcomes. How up‐to‐date is the review?  Cochrane Review authors searched for studies published up to 4 October 2019.
Intranasal corticosteroids for non‐allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Non‐allergic rhinitis is defined as dysfunction and non‐infectious inflammation of the nasal mucosa that is caused by provoking agents other than allergens or microbes. It is common, with an estimated prevalence of around 10% to 20%. Patients experience symptoms of nasal obstruction, anterior rhinorrhoea/post‐nasal drip and sneezing. Several subgroups of non‐allergic rhinitis can be distinguished, depending on the trigger responsible for symptoms; these include occupation, cigarette smoke, hormones, medication, food and age. On a cellular molecular level different disease mechanisms can also be identified. People with non‐allergic rhinitis often lack an effective treatment as a result of poor understanding and lack of recognition of the underlying disease mechanism. Intranasal corticosteroids are one of the most common types of medication prescribed in patients with rhinitis or rhinosinusitis symptoms, including those with non‐allergic rhinitis. However, it is unclear whether intranasal corticosteroids are truly effective in these patients. Objectives To assess the effects of intranasal corticosteroids in the management of non‐allergic rhinitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2019, Issue 7); PubMed; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 1 July 2019. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing intranasal corticosteroids, delivered by any means and in any volume, with (a) placebo/no intervention or (b) other active treatments in adults and children (aged ≥ 12 years). Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. The primary outcomes were patient‐reported disease severity and a  significant adverse effect ‐ epistaxis. Secondary outcomes were (disease‐specific) health‐related quality of life, objective measurements of airflow and other adverse events. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 34 studies (4452 participants); however, only 13 studies provided data for our main comparison, intranasal corticosteroids versus placebo. The participants were mainly defined as patients with perennial rhinitis symptoms and negative allergy tests. No distinction between different pheno‐ and endotypes could be made, although a few studies only included a specific phenotype such as pregnancy rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, rhinitis medicamentosa or senile rhinitis. Most studies were conducted in a secondary or tertiary healthcare setting. No studies reported outcomes beyond three months follow‐up. Intranasal corticosteroid dosage in the review ranged from 50 µg to 2000 µg daily. Intranasal corticosteroids versus placebo Thirteen studies (2045 participants) provided data for this comparison. These studies used different scoring systems for patient‐reported disease severity, so we pooled the data in each analysis using the standardised mean difference (SMD). Intranasal corticosteroid treatment may improve patient‐reported disease severity as measured by total nasal symptom score compared with placebo at up to four weeks (SMD ‐0.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.15 to ‐0.33; 4 studies; 131 participants; I 2  = 22%) (low‐certainty evidence). However, between four weeks and three months the evidence is very uncertain (SMD ‐0.24, 95% CI ‐0.67 to 0.20; 3 studies; 85 participants; I 2  = 0%) (very low‐certainty evidence). Intranasal corticosteroid treatment may slightly improve patient‐reported disease severity as measured by total nasal symptom score change from baseline when compared with placebo at up to four weeks (SMD ‐0.15, 95% CI ‐0.25 to ‐0.05; 4 studies; 1465 participants; I 2  = 35%) (low‐certainty evidence) . All four studies evaluating the risk of epistaxis showed that there is probably a higher risk in the intranasal corticosteroids group (65 per 1000) compared to placebo (31 per 1000) (risk ratio (RR) 2.10, 95% CI 1.24 to 3.57; 4 studies; 1174 participants; I 2  = 0%) (moderate‐certainty evidence). The absolute risk difference (RD) was 0.04 with a number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) of 25 (95% CI 16.7 to 100). Only one study reported numerical data for quality of life. It did report a higher quality of life score in the intranasal corticosteroids group (152.3 versus 145.6; SF‐12v2 range 0 to 800); however, this disappeared at longer‐term follow‐up (148.4 versus 145.6) (low‐certainty evidence). Only two studies provided data for the outcome objective measurements of airflow. These data could not be pooled because they used different methods of outcome measurement. Neither found a significant difference between the intranasal corticosteroids and placebo group (rhinomanometry SMD ‐0.46, 95% CI ‐1.06 to 0.14; 44 participants; peak expiratory flow rate SMD 0.78, 95% CI ‐0.47 to 2.03; 11 participants) (very low‐certainty evidence). Intranasal corticosteroids probably resulted in little or no difference in the risk of other adverse events compared to placebo (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.12; 3 studies; 1130 participants; I 2  = 0%) (moderate‐certainty evidence) . Intranasal corticosteroids versus other treatments Only one or a few studies assessed each of the other comparisons (intranasal corticosteroids versus saline irrigation, intranasal antihistamine, capsaicin, cromoglycate sodium, ipratropium bromide, intranasal corticosteroids combined with intranasal antihistamine, intranasal corticosteroids combined with intranasal antihistamine and intranasal corticosteroids with saline compared to saline alone). It is therefore uncertain whether there are differences between intranasal corticosteroids and other active treatments for any of the outcomes reported. Authors' conclusions Overall, the certainty of the evidence for most outcomes in this review was low or very low. It is unclear whether intranasal corticosteroids reduce patient‐reported disease severity in non‐allergic rhinitis patients compared with placebo when measured at up to three months. However, intranasal corticosteroids probably have a higher risk of the adverse effect epistaxis. There are very few studies comparing intranasal corticosteroids to other treatment modalities making it difficult to draw conclusions. Plain language summary Intranasal corticosteroids for non‐allergic rhinitis Review question We wanted to find out whether intranasal corticosteroids (steroids applied into the nose) are effective for the treatment of rhinitis that is not caused by allergy. Background Non‐allergic rhinitis is a chronic disease of the nose, which is not caused by infection or allergies. People with non‐allergic rhinitis experience symptoms that affect their quality of life, such as nasal obstruction, runny nose and sneezing. Non‐allergic rhinitis patients can be divided into different subgroups who have different underlying causes for their disease. The underlying causes of non‐allergic rhinitis are not fully understood, therefore treatment is often unsuccessful in these patients. Topical (intranasal) corticosteroids are used with the aim of reducing inflammation. They are the most commonly prescribed drug in other chronic diseases of the nose and sinuses, such as allergic rhinitis and chronic rhinosinusitis. Intranasal corticosteroid treatment can be delivered with sprays or drops and for different time periods. Study characteristics We included 34 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4452 participants in this review. Most of the studies were relatively small, although the largest study had 983 patients in total. All of the patients were either adults or adolescents (aged between 12 and 18 years old) with non‐allergic rhinitis. The studies looked at a range of types, doses and methods of administration (e.g. spray, drops) of intranasal corticosteroids. Nine studies were sponsored by the pharmaceutical industry or had commercial sponsors. One study was funded by the government. In several studies, the pharmaceutical industry or commercial sponsor may have provided medications, but the funding role was unclear. Funding was not reported in eight studies. Key results Intranasal corticosteroids compared with placebo It is uncertain whether intranasal corticosteroids reduce patient‐reported disease severity in non‐allergic rhinitis patients compared with placebo when measured at up to three months. They may improve patient‐reported disease severity compared with placebo at up to four weeks, however this evidence is of low certainty. Treatment with intranasal corticosteroids probably increases the risk of epistaxis (nosebleed) but there is no difference in the risk of other adverse effects. It is not possible to tell from this review whether there is a difference between the different concentrations, delivery methods or treatment plans of intranasal corticosteroids. There are no good‐quality studies assessing changes in quality of life with intranasal corticosteroids. Intranasal corticosteroids compared with other treatments There is not enough evidence to know whether intranasal corticosteroid treatment is better, worse or the same as using other treatment strategies such as saline irrigation, intranasal antihistamines, capsaicin or ipratropium bromide for non‐allergic rhinitis. Certainty of the evidence Overall, the evidence for intranasal corticosteroids compared with placebo for most outcomes was either low‐certainty (our confidence in the effect estimate is low) or very low‐certainty (our confidence in the effect estimate is very low). This was because most studies were very small and used different methods to measure the same outcome. This evidence is up to date to July 2019.
Steroids for symptom control in infectious mononucleosis; Abstract - Background Infectious mononucleosis, also known as glandular fever or the kissing disease, is a benign lymphoproliferative disorder. It is a viral infection caused by the Epstein‐Barr virus (EBV), a ubiquitous herpes virus that is found in all human societies and cultures. Epidemiological studies show that over 95% of adults worldwide have been infected with EBV. Most cases of symptomatic infectious mononucleosis occur between the ages of 15 and 24 years. It is transmitted through close contact with an EBV shedder, contact with infected saliva or, less commonly, through sexual contact, blood transfusions or by sharing utensils; however, transmission actually occurs less than 10% of the time. Precautions are not needed to prevent transmission because of the high percentage of seropositivity for EBV. Infectious mononucleosis is self‐limiting and typically lasts for two to three weeks. Nevertheless, symptoms can last for weeks and occasionally months. Symptoms include fever, lymphadenopathy, pharyngitis, hepatosplenomegaly and fatigue. Symptom relief and rest are commonly recommended treatments. Steroids have been used for their anti‐inflammatory effects, but there are no universal criteria for their use. Objectives The objectives of the review were to determine the efficacy and safety of steroid therapy versus placebo, usual care or different drug therapies for symptom control in infectious mononucleosis. Search methods For this 2015 update we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 7), which includes the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register; MEDLINE (January 1966 to August 2015) and EMBASE (January 1974 to August 2015). We also searched trials registries, however we did not identify any new relevant completed or ongoing trials for inclusion. We combined the MEDLINE search with the Cochrane search strategy for identifying randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We adapted the search terms when searching EMBASE. Selection criteria RCTs comparing the effectiveness of steroids with placebo, usual care ,  or other interventions for symptom control for people with documented infectious mononucleosis. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results For this 2015 update, we did not identify any new RCTs for inclusion. The previous version of the review included seven trials with a total of 362 participants. Four trials compared the effectiveness of a steroid to placebo for short‐term symptom control in glandular fever, one to aspirin, and two trials explored the effects of steroids in conjunction with an antiviral. Heterogeneity between trials prevented a combined analysis. Trials under‐reported methodological design features. Three trials did not adequately describe sequence generation for randomisation. Four trials provided adequate details of allocation concealment. All trials were double‐blind but four were not specific as to who was blinded. Loss to follow‐up was under‐reported in four trials, making it difficult to exclude attrition bias. The risk of selective reporting in the included trials was unclear. Across the trials, no benefit was found in 8/10 assessments of health improvement. Two trials found benefit of steroid therapy over placebo in reducing sore throat at 12 hours (eight‐day course odds ratio (OR) 21.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94 to 227.20; one‐dose OR 4.20, 95% CI 1.08 to 16.32), but the benefit was not maintained. In combination with an antiviral drug, participants in the steroid group had less pharyngeal discomfort between days two to four (OR 0.31, 95% CI 0.09 to 1.08) compared to placebo. Across the trials the effects on other common symptoms were less clear. Two trials set out to measure safety; they documented no major adverse effects. In two other trials adverse events were reported, including respiratory distress and acute onset of diabetes. However, the association of the events with the steroid is not definite. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to the efficacy of steroids for symptom control in infectious mononucleosis. There is a lack of research on the side effects and long‐term complications. Plain language summary Steroids for short‐term symptom control in infectious mononucleosis (glandular fever) Review question We reviewed evidence about the effect of steroids on symptom control in people with glandular fever (infectious mononucleosis) when compared to placebo or different medications. Background Glandular fever is caused by a virus. It spreads in saliva through kissing, coughing and sneezing. Symptoms vary in terms of how severe they are and for how long they persist. While young adults commonly suffer from severe symptoms, some people may have mild symptoms or none. Common symptoms include fever, sore throat, swollen lymph nodes and feeling tired.These symptoms usually last for two to three weeks, but can last for months. Symptom relief and rest are common treatments. Doctors commonly use prednisone, a steroid, to reduce the symptoms of sore throat or enlarged tonsils. However, there is no agreement on its use due to the possibility of little benefit and the chance of side effects. Study characteristics Our evidence is current to August 2015. We did not identify any new trials for the update of this review. The previous publication of this review included seven trials with 362 participants. Four trials compared the effect of a steroid to a placebo, one to aspirin, and two trials explored the effects of steroids in conjunction with an antiviral. The length of treatment varied between a single dose and a 12‐day course. The doses used also varied. The length of follow‐up varied from short periods (i.e. days or weeks) to longer periods (i.e. six months and 12 months). Key results Steroid treatment relieved sore throat in the short term (at 12 hours). The researchers noticed a benefit at two to four days when steroids were used in combination with an antiviral medication, but these findings are limited since researchers assessed them in one or two trials only. The findings on the effect of steroids alone or when used with an antiviral medication for other symptoms were less clear. We are unsure about adverse effects from using steroids. With the exception of two trials, most studies did not set out a prior plan to evaluate the occurrence of side effects, or other adverse events. None of the trials explored adverse effects in the longer term (over years). Quality of the evidence The quality of the included trials was generally poor. We cannot know the exact effect of using steroids for glandular fever.
Maternal dietary antigen avoidance during pregnancy or lactation, or both, for preventing or treating atopic disease in the child; Abstract - Background Some breastfed infants with atopic eczema benefit from elimination of cow milk, egg, or other antigens from their mother's diet. Maternal dietary antigens are also known to cross the placenta. Objectives To assess the effects of prescribing an antigen avoidance diet during pregnancy or lactation, or both, on maternal and infant nutrition and on the prevention or treatment of atopic disease in the child. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (6 July 2012). Selection criteria All randomized or quasi‐randomized comparisons of maternal dietary antigen avoidance prescribed to pregnant or lactating women. We excluded trials of multimodal interventions that included manipulation of the infant's diet other than breast milk or of non‐dietary aspects of the infant's environment. Data collection and analysis We extracted data from published reports, supplemented by additional information received from the trialists we contacted. Main results The evidence from five trials, involving 952 participants, does not suggest a protective effect of maternal dietary antigen avoidance during pregnancy on the incidence of atopic eczema during the first 18 months of life. Data on allergic rhinitis or conjunctivitis, or both, and urticaria are limited to a single trial each and are insufficient to draw meaningful inferences. Longer‐term atopic outcomes have not been reported. The restricted diet during pregnancy was associated with a slightly but statistically significantly lower mean gestational weight gain, a non‐significantly higher risk of preterm birth, and a non‐significant reduction in mean birthweight. The evidence from two trials, involving 523 participants, did not observe a significant protective effect of maternal antigen avoidance during lactation on the incidence of atopic eczema during the first 18 months or on positive skin‐prick tests to cow milk, egg, or peanut antigen at one, two, or seven years. One crossover trial involving 17 lactating mothers of infants with established atopic eczema found that maternal dietary antigen avoidance was associated with a non‐significant reduction in eczema severity. Authors' conclusions Prescription of an antigen avoidance diet to a high‐risk woman during pregnancy is unlikely to reduce substantially her child's risk of atopic diseases, and such a diet may adversely affect maternal or fetal nutrition, or both. Prescription of an antigen avoidance diet to a high‐risk woman during lactation may reduce her child's risk of developing atopic eczema, but better trials are needed. Dietary antigen avoidance by lactating mothers of infants with atopic eczema may reduce the severity of the eczema, but larger trials are needed. Plain language summary Maternal dietary antigen avoidance during pregnancy or lactation, or both, for preventing or treating atopic disease in the child Evidence is inadequate to advise women to avoid specific foods during pregnancy or breastfeeding to protect their children from allergic diseases like eczema and asthma. We included five trials, involving 952 participants. Trials of mothers' avoidance of milk, eggs, and other potentially 'antigenic' foods during pregnancy or breastfeeding, or both, provide inadequate evidence about whether such avoidance helps prevent atopic eczema or asthma in the child. Women who avoided eating these foods gained significantly less weight during pregnancy in the one trial reporting on this outcome, raising the possibility of adverse nutritional effects on the mother or fetus. Finally, one small trial reported an inconclusive response of breastfed infants with atopic eczema when their mothers avoided consumption of cow milk and egg.
House dust mite avoidance measures for perennial allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 4, 2001 and previously updated in 2003 and 2007. It is estimated that in developed countries approximately 30% of the general population suffer from one or more allergic disorders, of which allergic rhinitis is particularly common. Perennial rhinitis is most often due to allergy to the house dust mite. In such patients house dust mite avoidance is logical, but there is considerable uncertainty regarding the efficacy and effectiveness of interventions designed to reduce dust mite exposure. Objectives To assess the benefit (and harm) of measures designed to reduce house dust mite exposure in the management of house dust mite sensitive allergic rhinitis. Search methods Our search included the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials Register (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 4, 2009), MEDLINE and EMBASE. The date of the last search was 31 December 2009. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, with or without blinding, in which house dust mite control measures have been evaluated in comparison with placebo or other dust mite avoidance measures, in patients with clinician‐diagnosed allergic rhinitis and confirmed allergy to dust mite. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened titles and abstracts, graded methodological quality using the Cochrane approach and extracted data. Meta‐analysis was neither possible nor appropriate due to heterogeneity of the patient groups studied. Main results Nine trials involving 501 participants satisfied the inclusion criteria. Only two studies investigating the effectiveness of mite impermeable bedding covers were of good quality; the remaining seven studies were small and of poor quality. Two trials investigated the efficacy of acaricides, another two trials investigated the role of high‐efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters. One trial, using a factorial design, investigated the efficacy of both acaricide and house dust mite impermeable bedding covers in isolation and combination; the remaining four trials investigated the efficacy of bedroom environmental control programmes involving use of house dust mite impermeable bedding covers. Seven of the nine trials reported that, when compared with control, the interventions studied resulted in significant reductions in house dust mite load. Of the interventions studied to date, acaricides appear to be the most promising type of intervention, although the findings from these studies need to be interpreted with care because of their methodological limitations. House dust mite impermeable bedding as an isolated intervention is unlikely to offer clinical benefit. No serious adverse effects were reported from any of the interventions. Authors' conclusions Trials to date have on the whole been small and of poor methodological quality, making it difficult to offer any definitive recommendations on the role, if any, of house dust mite avoidance measures in the management of house dust mite sensitive perennial allergic rhinitis. The results of these studies suggest that use of acaricides and extensive bedroom‐based environmental control programmes may be of some benefit in reducing rhinitis symptoms and, if considered appropriate, these should be the interventions of choice. Isolated use of house dust mite impermeable bedding is unlikely to prove effective. Plain language summary House dust mite avoidance measures for perennial allergic rhinitis Perennial allergic rhinitis (all‐year hay fever like symptoms) is an allergic disorder which can be triggered by house dust mites and causes a congested, runny nose, nasal itching and sneezing. Avoiding the allergic triggers (such as house dust mites) should in theory help to reduce the symptoms of allergic rhinitis in sensitised individuals. There is limited evidence that measures to reduce the numbers of house dust mites might improve symptoms of allergic rhinitis, but more research is needed to clarify the effectiveness of acaricides (chemicals which kill mites) both as a single intervention and as part of a more multi‐faceted approach incorporating high efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters, allergy control bedding or both. Overall, this review of trials found that acaricides and extensive bedroom‐based environmental control programmes might reduce symptoms of allergic rhinitis for some people, but the evidence is not strong. More research is needed.
Infant formulas containing hydrolysed protein for prevention of allergic disease; Abstract - Background Infant formulas containing hydrolysed proteins have been widely advocated for preventing allergic disease in infants, in place of standard cow’s milk formula (CMF). However, it is unclear whether the clinical trial evidence supports this. Objectives To compare effects on allergic disease when infants are fed a hydrolysed formula versus CMF or human breast milk. If hydrolysed formulas are effective, to determine what type of hydrolysed formula is most effective, including extensively or partially hydrolysed formula (EHF/PHF). To determine whether infants at low or high risk of allergic disease, and whether infants receiving early short‐term (first few days after birth) or prolonged formula feeding benefit from hydrolysed formulas. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2017, Issue 11), MEDLINE (1948 to 3 November 2017), and Embase (1974 to 3 November 2017). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles and previous reviews for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria We searched for randomised and quasi‐randomised trials that compared use of a hydrolysed formula versus human milk or CMF. Outcomes with ≥ 80% follow‐up of participants from eligible trials were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials, assessed trial quality and extracted data from the included studies. Fixed‐effect analyses were performed. The treatment effects were expressed as risk ratio (RR) and risk difference (RD) with 95% confidence intervals and quality of evidence using the GRADE quality of evidence approach. The primary outcome was all allergic disease (including asthma, atopic dermatitis, allergic rhinitis and food allergy). Main results A total of 16 studies were included. Two studies assessed the effect of three to four days infant supplementation with an EHF while in hospital after birth versus pasteurised human milk feed. A single study enrolling 90 infants reported no difference in all allergic disease (RR 1.43, 95% CI 0.38 to 5.37) or any specific allergic disease up to childhood including cow's milk allergy (CMA) (RR 7.11, 95% CI 0.35 to 143.84). A single study reported no difference in infant CMA (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.46; participants = 3559). Quality of evidence was assessed as very low for all outcomes. No eligible trials compared prolonged hydrolysed formula versus human milk feeding. Two studies assessed the effect of three to four days infant supplementation with an EHF versus a CMF. A single study enrolling 90 infants reported no difference in all allergic disease (RR 1.37, 95% CI 0.33 to 5.71; participants = 77) or any specific allergic disease including CMA up to childhood. A single study reported a reduction in infant CMA of borderline significance (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.00; participants = 3473). Quality of evidence was assessed as very low for all outcomes. Twelve studies assessed the effect of prolonged infant feeding with a hydrolysed formula compared with a CMF. The data showed no difference in all allergic disease in infants (typical RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.01; participants = 2852; studies = 8) and children (typical RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.05; participants = 950; studies = 2), and no difference in any specific allergic disease including infant asthma (typical RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.04; participants = 318; studies = 4), eczema (typical RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.09; participants = 2896; studies = 9), rhinitis (typical RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.85; participants = 256; studies = 3), food allergy (typical RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.87 to 2.33; participants = 479; studies = 2), and CMA (RR 2.31, 95% CI 0.24 to 21.97; participants = 338; studies = 1). Quality of evidence was assessed as very low for all outcomes. Authors' conclusions We found no evidence to support short‐term or prolonged feeding with a hydrolysed formula compared with exclusive breast feeding for prevention of allergic disease. Very low‐quality evidence indicates that short‐term use of an EHF compared with a CMF may prevent infant CMA. Further trials are recommended before implementation of this practice. We found no evidence to support prolonged feeding with a hydrolysed formula compared with a CMF for prevention of allergic disease in infants unable to be exclusively breast fed. Plain language summary Formulas containing hydrolysed protein for prevention of allergic disease in infants Review question Does feeding infants with a formula containing hydrolysed protein result in decreased risk of developing allergic disease such as asthma, dermatitis/eczema, hay fever and food allergy during infancy and childhood? Background Allergic disease is responsible for a substantial health burden among infants, children and adults. Early dietary intake may influence the development of allergic disease. When babies are not exclusively breast fed, use of hydrolysed formula instead of ordinary cow's milk formula may reduce allergic disease among babies and children, although additional studies are needed to confirm this. Infant formulas have been designed to lower the chance of infants developing allergic disease. These include hydrolysed cow's milk and soy milk formulas. Hydrolysed formulas break down milk proteins into smaller, potentially less allergy‐producing proteins. Results This review of trials found no evidence to support feeding with a hydrolysed formula to prevent allergic disease in preference to exclusive breast feeding. This review also found that for infants who are unable to be exclusively breast fed, there is no evidence that prolonged infant feeding with a hydrolysed formula compared with a cow's milk is associated with any difference in allergic disease, asthma, eczema, rhinitis, food allergy or cow's milk formula at any time point. However, limited data in infants who are exclusively formula fed suggest that feeding with a hydrolysed formula instead of a cow's milk formula may reduce infant allergic disease. Concerns regarding quality of the evidence and consistency of the results indicate that continued study is needed. The evidence in this review comes from literature searches updated until November 2017. Conclusions We found no substantial evidence to support short‐term or prolonged feeding with a hydrolysed formula compared with a cow's milk formula for prevention of allergic disease in infants unable to be exclusively breast fed.
Environmental sanitary interventions for preventing active trachoma; Abstract - Background Trachoma is a major cause of avoidable blindness. It is responsible for about six million blind people worldwide, mostly in the poor communities of developing countries. One of the major strategies advocated for the control of the disease is the application of various environmental sanitary measures to such communities. Objectives To assess the evidence for the effectiveness of environmental sanitary measures on the prevalence of active trachoma in endemic areas. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 9), MEDLINE (January 1950 to September 2011), EMBASE (January 1980 to September 2011), Latin American and Caribbean Literature on Health Sciences (LILACS) (January 1982 to September 2011), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ) and ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ). There were no date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. The electronic databases were last searched on 23 September 2011. We checked the reference list of included trials and the Science Citation Index. We also contacted agencies, experts and researchers in trachoma control. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing any form of environmental hygiene measures with no measure. These hygiene measures included fly control, provision of water and health education. Participants in the trials were people normally resident in the trachoma endemic areas. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of the included trials. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Six trials met the inclusion criteria but we did not conduct meta‐analysis due to heterogeneity of the studies. Main results We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide spray to be effective in reducing trachoma. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced trachoma by 29.5% compared to no intervention; this was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of trachoma. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachoma. However, all the studies have some methodological concerns. Authors' conclusions There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in reducing trachoma, however, this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on latrine provision as a fly control measure have not demonstrated significant trachoma reduction. Health education had shown significant reduction of trachoma in one study but another study did not demonstrate similar findings. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of trachoma. Plain language summary Environmental sanitation measures to reduce trachoma transmission Trachoma is the commonest cause of preventable vision loss and is common in poor communities. Repeated bouts of conjunctivitis caused by chlamydia infection lead to scarring and turning in of the eyelid. The lashes rub the cornea causing opacification and blindness. Environmental sanitation is a package of measures aimed at eliminating factors that encourage proliferation of flies and the spread of the disease. Some of these interventions include provision of water and latrines as well insecticide spray to control flies and health education programmes to improve the personal and environmental hygienic practices of the people. We included six studies involving 12,294 participants of different ages and both sexes in this review. The trials were conducted in The Gambia, Mali, Tanzania, Niger and Ethiopia. Two studies looked at insecticide spray, one looked at insecticide spray and provision of latrines, one study looked at provision of latrines, and two studies looked at health education with one of them having health education combined with water supply. Prevalence of active trachoma, prevalence of  Chlamydia trachomatis  and fly count measures were the main outcomes assessed. Two studies conducted in the same area found insecticide spray effective in reducing active trachoma but one study in a different setting found the spray ineffective. A separate study found health education on personal and environmental hygiene to be effective in reducing active trachoma, however, another study found that a modest health education programme combined with a modest water supply was not effective in reducing active trachoma. One study on latrine provision found no impact on trachoma. However, more research is needed.
Topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a very common chronic illness affecting 10% to 40% of children worldwide. There has been a significant increase in prevalence among children over the last two decades and this increase has been accompanied by a parallel increase in comorbid illnesses such as asthma. Objectives To evaluate the therapeutic effectiveness and adverse event profiles of topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 3, 2005), MEDLINE (1950 onwards) and EMBASE (1974 onwards) on 5 th  September 2005. CINAHL,  m RCT(a meta‐database of controlled trials), NRR (the National Research Register), LILACS, MedCarib, KOREAMED, IndMed, Samed, Panteleimon, Zetoc, ISI Proceedings, the GlaxoSmithKline Clinical Trials Database and the websites of AstraZeneca, Schering Plough and Aventis were also searched. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing topical nasal steroid preparations against each other or placebo, prescribed for allergic rhinitis in children. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data from the included trials. The limited and variable quality of reported data precluded any pooling of results and only a descriptive summary is presented. Main results Three trials involving a total of 79 participants were included. All three trials, which compared topical nasal steroids against placebo for perennial rhinitis, provided some, albeit limited data, relevant to our primary outcomes; but in two of the trials the data analysis was flawed and in the third trial it was incomprehensible. None of the trials provided data relevant to our secondary outcomes. There were no adverse events reported from any of the interventions. Authors' conclusions The three included trials provided some weak and unreliable evidence for the effectiveness of Beconase® and flunisolide used topically intranasally for the treatment of intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children. The reduction of severity in symptoms as assessed by the trialists could not be confirmed with the data provided and decisions on the use of these medications should, until such time as more robust evidence is available, be guided by the physician's clinical experience and patients' individual circumstances and preferences. Plain language summary Topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children Allergic rhinitis is a very common chronic illness affecting 10% to 40% of children worldwide. There has been a significant increase in prevalence among children over the last two decades and this increase has been accompanied by a parallel increase in comorbid illnesses such as asthma. Symptoms include sneezing, itching, runny nose and nasal congestion. Allergic rhinitis may be defined as 'persistent' or 'intermittent'. These classifications loosely correspond to perennial (all year round) allergic rhinitis and seasonal allergic rhinitis ('hay fever'). There are a wide range of drug treatments available including topical and oral decongestants, topical and oral antihistamines, topical and systemic corticosteroids, leukotriene antagonists and a number of over the counter preparations. Topical steroids (nasal sprays) are often prescribed, and act directly on the nasal mucosa to reduce symptoms. The authors of the review identified a large number of randomised controlled trials, however many were excluded due to the use of 'rescue' (additional) medication, which may have confounded the results. The three included trials provided some weak and unreliable evidence for the effectiveness of Beconase® and flunisolide used topically in the nose for the treatment of intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children. The review authors concluded that until more research is available, decisions on the use of topical steroids should be guided by the physician's clinical experience and patients' individual circumstances and preferences.
Sinonasal debridement versus no debridement for the postoperative care of patients undergoing endoscopic sinus surgery; Abstract - Background Endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) is often recommended for symptomatic patients with recurrent acute or chronic rhinosinusitis who have failed conservative treatment. Postoperative care has been felt to be critical for both maintaining the surgical patency of the operated sinuses and improving patient symptoms. Debridement of the sinonasal cavities is one such postoperative care measure that has frequently been studied in the literature, often with conflicting conclusions. Objectives To assess the effects of postoperative sinonasal debridement versus no debridement following endoscopic sinus surgery. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, via the Cochrane Register of Studies); PubMed; EMBASE; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 21 May 2018. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing postoperative nasal debridement versus no debridement in adult patients with recurrent acute or chronic rhinosinusitis undergoing endoscopic sinus surgery. We included studies in which the patients acted as self‐controls (i.e. one side of the nose underwent debridement and the other side did not) only for the secondary endoscopy outcomes. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcome measures were: health‐related quality of life, disease severity (patient‐reported symptom scores) and significant adverse effects (bleeding requiring intervention, severe pain, iatrogenic injury). Secondary outcomes were: postoperative endoscopic appearance of the sinonasal surgical cavities (endoscopic scores), recorded use of postoperative medical treatment and rate of revision surgery. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included four studies (152 participants), with a follow‐up duration ranging from three months to 12 months. In two studies patients acted as self‐controls, i.e. one side of the nose underwent debridement and the other side did not ('split‐nose' studies). The risk of bias in all studies was high, mostly due to the inability to blind the patients to the debridement procedure. Primary outcomes Disease‐specific health‐related quality of life scores Only one study (58 participants) provided data for  disease‐specific health‐related quality of life . At six months follow‐up, lower disease‐specific health‐related quality of life scores, measured using the Sino‐Nasal Outcome Test‐22 (SNOT‐22, range 0 to 110), were noted in the debridement group but the difference was not statistically significant (9.7 in the debridement group versus 10.3 in the control group, P = 0.47) ( low‐quality evidence ). Disease severity (patient‐reported symptom score) Only one study (60 participants) provided data for  disease severity  measured by visual analogue scale (VAS) score. No significant differences in total symptom score were observed between groups postoperatively ( low‐quality evidence ). Significant adverse effects Significant adverse effects  related to the debridement procedure were not reported in any of the included studies, however it is not clear whether data regarding adverse effects were not collected or if none were indeed observed in any of the included studies. Secondary outcomes All four studies assessed the postoperative endoscopic appearance of the sinonasal cavities  using the Lund‐Kennedy score (range 0 to 10). A pooled analysis of endoscopic scores in the two non 'split‐nose' studies revealed better endoscopic scores in the debridement group, however this was not a statistically significant difference (mean difference ‐0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.35 to 0.72; I² = 0%; two studies; 118 participants) ( low‐quality evidence ). A sub‐analysis of the adhesion formation component of the endoscopic score was available for all four studies and revealed a significantly lower adhesion rate in the debridement group (risk ratio 0.43, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.68; I² = 29%; four studies; 152 participants). Analysis of the number needed to treat to benefit revealed that for every three patients undergoing debridement, the endoscopic score would be decreased by one point in one patient. For every five patients undergoing debridement adhesion formation would be prevented in one patient. Use of postoperative medical treatment  was reported in all studies, all of which recommended nasal douching. Steroids (systemic or nasal) were administered in two studies. However, the data were very limited and heterogeneous, therefore we could not analyse the impact of concomitant postoperative medical treatment. The  rate of revision surgery  was not reported in any of the included studies, however it is not clear whether these data were not recorded or if there were no revision surgeries in any of the included studies. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain about the effects of postoperative sinonasal debridement due to high risk of bias in the included studies and the low quality of the evidence. Sinonasal debridement may make little or no difference to disease‐specific health‐related quality of life or disease severity.  Low‐quality  evidence suggests that postoperative debridement is associated with a significantly lower risk of adhesions at three months follow‐up. Whether this has any impact on longer‐term outcomes is unknown. Plain language summary Debridement of the nasal and sinus cavities in the postoperative care of patients who have had endoscopic sinus surgery for rhinosinusitis Review question What are the benefits and harms of postoperative debridement of the nasal and sinus cavities in patients who have had endoscopic sinus surgery for rhinosinusitis? Background Endoscopic sinus surgery is often used for patients with recurrent acute or chronic rhinosinusitis when medical treatment has been unsuccessful. After surgery, several care measures have been suggested to help patients recover. One such measure is sinonasal debridement, which means removal of blood clots, crusts and secretions from the nasal and sinus cavities, a procedure that is usually performed under local anaesthesia. Study characteristics We included four studies with a total of 152 adult participants. These studies were conducted in several countries (Norway, the United Kingdom and Canada). All of them compared debridement to no debridement after endoscopic sinus surgery. The minimum follow‐up time in the studies ranged from 3 to 12 months. Only one study reported health‐related quality of life scores and only one reported disease severity scores. However, all four studies reported scores for the appearance of the sinonasal cavities viewed through an endoscope. Adverse effects of this procedure and rates of revision surgery were not reported in any of these studies. Key results Health‐related quality of life and disease severity scores were not significantly different between those patients who underwent debridement and those who did not. All four studies demonstrated better post‐surgical endoscopic appearance in the debridement group, although the size of improvement was not statistically significant. A lower rate of intranasal scarring was noted in the patient group that underwent debridement. Nonetheless, the overall evidence for all of these outcomes is of low quality. Quality of the evidence We identified several problems or potential problems in these studies. The most important was that in each study a different protocol was used for the number of debridement interventions performed per patient and the time interval between each such intervention. In addition, the numbers of patients in the study groups were relatively small. We therefore determined the overall quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. The evidence in this review is up to date to May 2018.
Maternal glucose administration for facilitating tests of fetal wellbeing; Abstract - Background Antenatal maternal glucose administration has been suggested to improve the efficiency of antepartum fetal heart rate testing. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the merits or adverse effects of antenatal maternal glucose administration in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (6 July 2012). Selection criteria All published and unpublished randomized controlled trials assessing the merits of antenatal maternal (oral or intravenous) glucose administration in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Data collection and analysis Both review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Authors of published and unpublished trials were contacted for further information. Main results A total of two trials, involving 708 participants, were included. Antenatal maternal glucose administration did not decrease the incidence of non‐reactive antenatal cardiotocography tests. Authors' conclusions Antenatal maternal glucose administration has not been shown to reduce non‐reactive cardiotocography. More trials are needed to further substantiate this and to determine not only the optimum dose, but also to evaluate the efficacy, predictive reliability, safety and perinatal outcome of glucose administration in conjunction with cardiotocography and also other tests of fetal wellbeing. Plain language summary Maternal glucose administration for facilitating tests of fetal wellbeing There is no evidence that antenatal maternal glucose administration make tests of fetal wellbeing more effective. Tests on unborn babies such as ultrasound and heart rate testing are carried out to check their wellbeing. As a baby's sleep periods can alter those results, various methods are used to wake the baby. Antenatal maternal glucose administration is one of the methods. The review of two trials, involving 708 participants, did not find this method to be effective. Research on antenatal maternal glucose administration should take into consideration that there have not been any benefits demonstrated as yet.
Digital contact tracing technologies in epidemics: a rapid review; Abstract - Background Reducing the transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS���CoV‐2) is a global priority. Contact tracing identifies people who were recently in contact with an infected individual, in order to isolate them and reduce further transmission. Digital technology could be implemented to augment and accelerate manual contact tracing. Digital tools for contact tracing may be grouped into three areas: 1) outbreak response; 2) proximity tracing; and 3) symptom tracking. We conducted a rapid review on the effectiveness of digital solutions to contact tracing during infectious disease outbreaks. Objectives To assess the benefits, harms, and acceptability of personal digital contact tracing solutions for identifying contacts of an identified positive case of an infectious disease. Search methods An information specialist searched the literature from 1 January 2000 to 5 May 2020 in CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. Additionally, we screened the Cochrane COVID‐19 Study Register. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐RCTs, quasi‐RCTs, cohort studies, cross‐sectional studies and modelling studies, in general populations. We preferentially included studies of contact tracing during infectious disease outbreaks (including COVID‐19, Ebola, tuberculosis, severe acute respiratory syndrome virus, and Middle East respiratory syndrome) as direct evidence, but considered comparative studies of contact tracing outside an outbreak as indirect evidence. The digital solutions varied but typically included software (or firmware) for users to install on their devices or to be uploaded to devices provided by governments or third parties. Control measures included traditional or manual contact tracing, self‐reported diaries and surveys, interviews, other standard methods for determining close contacts, and other technologies compared to digital solutions (e.g. electronic medical records). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened records and all potentially relevant full‐text publications. One review author extracted data for 50% of the included studies, another extracted data for the remaining 50%; the second review author checked all the extracted data. One review author assessed quality of included studies and a second checked the assessments. Our outcomes were identification of secondary cases and close contacts, time to complete contact tracing, acceptability and accessibility issues, privacy and safety concerns, and any other ethical issue identified. Though modelling studies will predict estimates of the effects of different contact tracing solutions on outcomes of interest, cohort studies provide empirically measured estimates of the effects of different contact tracing solutions on outcomes of interest. We used GRADE‐CERQual to describe certainty of evidence from qualitative data and GRADE for modelling and cohort studies. Main results We identified six cohort studies reporting quantitative data and six modelling studies reporting simulations of digital solutions for contact tracing. Two cohort studies also provided qualitative data. Three cohort studies looked at contact tracing during an outbreak, whilst three emulated an outbreak in non‐outbreak settings (schools). Of the six modelling studies, four evaluated digital solutions for contact tracing in simulated COVID‐19 scenarios, while two simulated close contacts in non‐specific outbreak settings. Modelling studies Two modelling studies provided low‐certainty evidence of a reduction in secondary cases using digital contact tracing (measured as average number of secondary cases per index case ‐ effective reproductive number ( R   eff )). One study estimated an 18% reduction in  R   eff  with digital contact tracing compared to self‐isolation alone, and a 35% reduction with manual contact‐tracing. Another found a reduction in  R   eff  for digital contact tracing compared to self‐isolation alone (26% reduction) and a reduction in  R   eff  for manual contact tracing compared to self‐isolation alone (53% reduction). However, the certainty of evidence was reduced by unclear specifications of their models, and assumptions about the effectiveness of manual contact tracing (assumed 95% to 100% of contacts traced), and the proportion of the population who would have the app (53%). Cohort studies Two cohort studies provided very low‐certainty evidence of a benefit of digital over manual contact tracing. During an Ebola outbreak, contact tracers using an app found twice as many close contacts per case on average than those using paper forms. Similarly, after a pertussis outbreak in a US hospital, researchers found that radio‐frequency identification identified 45 close contacts but searches of electronic medical records found 13. The certainty of evidence was reduced by concerns about imprecision, and serious risk of bias due to the inability of contact tracing study designs to identify the true number of close contacts. One cohort study provided very low‐certainty evidence that an app could reduce the time to complete a set of close contacts. The certainty of evidence for this outcome was affected by imprecision and serious risk of bias. Contact tracing teams reported that digital data entry and management systems were faster to use than paper systems and possibly less prone to data loss. Two studies from lower‐ or middle‐income countries, reported that contact tracing teams found digital systems simpler to use and generally preferred them over paper systems; they saved personnel time, reportedly improved accuracy with large data sets, and were easier to transport compared with paper forms. However, personnel faced increased costs and internet access problems with digital compared to paper systems. Devices in the cohort studies appeared to have privacy from contacts regarding the exposed or diagnosed users. However, there were risks of privacy breaches from snoopers if linkage attacks occurred, particularly for wearable devices. Authors' conclusions The effectiveness of digital solutions is largely unproven as there are very few published data in real‐world outbreak settings. Modelling studies provide low‐certainty evidence of a reduction in secondary cases if digital contact tracing is used together with other public health measures such as self‐isolation. Cohort studies provide very low‐certainty evidence that digital contact tracing may produce more reliable counts of contacts and reduce time to complete contact tracing. Digital solutions may have equity implications for at‐risk populations with poor internet access and poor access to digital technology. Stronger primary research on the effectiveness of contact tracing technologies is needed, including research into use of digital solutions in conjunction with manual systems, as digital solutions are unlikely to be used alone in real‐world settings. Future studies should consider access to and acceptability of digital solutions, and the resultant impact on equity. Studies should also make acceptability and uptake a primary research question, as privacy concerns can prevent uptake and effectiveness of these technologies. Plain language summary Are digital contact tracing technologies effective during infectious disease outbreaks? Why is this question important? The global COVID‐19 pandemic highlights the importance of accurate and timely contact tracing. Contact tracing tells people that they may have been near someone with ‐ or showing symptoms of ‐ an infectious disease, allowing them to self‐isolate and helping to stop the spread of infection. Traditionally, contact tracing begins with notification that someone has an infectious disease. They are asked to recall their contacts, going back two to three days before symptom onset. This is time‐consuming and may not always give a complete picture, so digital aids could help contact tracers. Digital contact tracing uses technology to track and trace contacts. Individuals download an app onto their smartphones and record location and symptom information, or their devices might use location‐finding technology, like Bluetooth or GPS (global positioning system). If the user is infected, the technology identifies close contacts and/or secondary infections (people to whom they passed the disease), and informs people whom they have been near. The technology identifies where the infection was passed on and its duration (the context). However, problems may occur where access to technology is limited, in low‐income settings or for elderly people, for example. Also, some people see it as an invasion of privacy and are suspicious of how their data will be used. We wanted to know whether digital contact tracing, compared to manual contact tracing, is effective in reducing the spread of infection, as measured by secondary infections, identifying close contacts, tracing a complete set of contacts, and identifying the context of infection. What did we do? We searched medical databases for studies that assessed digital contact tracing. We preferred studies set during infectious disease outbreaks, which assessed real people in real time, but we included studies in any setting and of any design. To answer our question quickly, we shortened some steps of the Cochrane review process, however, we are confident in our conclusions. What we found We found 12 relevant studies. Six assessed the effectiveness of digital contact tracing on specific groups (cohorts) of people: three during an outbreak (Ebola in Sierra Leone; tuberculosis in Botswana; and whooping cough (pertussis) in USA); and three replicated an outbreak in schools to assess systems for identifying close contacts of participants. The remaining six were modelling studies, which simulated digital contact tracing. Main results Digital contact tracing with self‐isolation probably reduces the number of secondary infections, but not as much as manual contact tracing with self‐isolation (2 modelling studies). Digital contact tracing found more close contacts in two outbreaks than manual (2 studies in USA and Sierra Leone). Devices in non‐outbreak settings can identify more close contacts than self‐reported diaries or surveys. An app may reduce the time to complete a set of close contacts (1 study). Digital systems were faster to use than paper systems for recording new contacts and monitoring known contacts, and possibly less prone to data loss. Problems with system access (2 studies) included patchy network coverage, lack of data, technical problems and higher staff training needs. Contact tracers' personal expenses increased (1 study) due to travel and recharging phone batteries. Devices all appeared to protect diagnosed users from contacts, snoopers and authorities but one app's users were members of public health agencies. Studies recorded stolen hardware (second‐hand mobile phones); reported that paper forms were "often lost", and that digital data were password protected (2 studies) and encrypted (1 study). We found no evidence on contextual information and acceptability. What this means It is unlikely that digital technologies would be the sole method of contact tracing during an outbreak; they would probably be used alongside manual methods. Unfortunately, the technology is largely unproven in real‐world outbreak settings and none of our included studies assessed digital plus manual contact tracing with digital contact tracing alone. Our included studies assessed different technologies and used different methods from each other, so we are uncertain about their evidence. Governments that implement digital contact tracing should ensure that at‐risk populations are not disadvantaged and take privacy concerns into account. This review is up to date to May 2020.
Fluoroquinolones for treating typhoid and paratyphoid fever (enteric fever); Abstract - Background Typhoid and paratyphoid are febrile illnesses, due to a bacterial infection, which remain common in many low‐ and middle‐income countries. The World Health Organization (WHO) currently recommends the fluoroquinolone antibiotics in areas with known resistance to the older first‐line antibiotics. Objectives To evaluate fluoroquinolone antibiotics for treating children and adults with enteric fever. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Infectious Disease Group Specialized Register (February 2011); Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), published in  The Cochrane Library  (2011, Issue 2); MEDLINE (1966 to February 2011); EMBASE (1974 to February 2011); and LILACS (1982 to February 2011). We also searched the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) in February 2011. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials examining fluoroquinolone antibiotics, in people with blood, stool or bone marrow culture‐confirmed enteric fever. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed the trial's methodological quality and extracted data. We calculated risk ratios (RR) for dichotomous data and mean difference for continuous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Comparative effectiveness has been interpreted in the context of; length of treatment, dose, year of study, known levels of antibiotic resistance, or proxy measures of resistance such as the failure rate in the comparator arm. Main results Twenty‐six studies, involving 3033 patients, are included in this review. Fluoroquinolones versus older antibiotics (chloramphenicol, co‐trimoxazole, amoxicillin and ampicillin) In one study from Pakistan in 2003‐04, high clinical failure rates were seen with both chloramphenicol and co‐trimoxazole, although resistance was not confirmed microbiologically. A seven‐day course of either ciprofloxacin or ofloxacin were found to be superior. Older studies of these comparisons failed to show a difference (six trials, 361 participants). In small studies conducted almost two decades ago, the fluoroquinolones were demonstrated to have fewer clinical failures than ampicillin and amoxicillin (two trials, 90 participants, RR 0.11, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.57). Fluoroquinolones versus current second‐line options (ceftriaxone, cefalexin, and azithromycin) The two studies comparing a seven day course of oral fluoroquinolones with three days of intravenous ceftriaxone were too small to detect important differences between antibiotics should they exist (two trials, 89 participants). In Pakistan in 2003‐04, no clinical or microbiological failures were seen with seven days of either ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin or cefixime (one trial, 139 participants). In Nepal in 2005, gatifloxacin reduced clinical failure and relapse compared to cefixime, despite a high prevalence of NaR in the study population (one trial, 158 participants, RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.31). Compared to a seven day course of azithromycin, a seven day course of ofloxacin had a higher rate of clinical failures in populations with both multi‐drug resistance (MDR) and nalidixic acid resistance (NaR) enteric fever in Vietnam in 1998‐2002 (two trials, 213 participants, RR 2.20, 95% CI 1.23 to 3.94). However, a more recent study from Vietnam in 2004‐05, detected no difference between gatifloxacin and azithromycin with both drugs performing well (one trial, 287 participants). Authors' conclusions Generally, fluoroquinolones performed well in treating typhoid, and maybe superior to alternatives in some settings. However, we were unable to draw firm general conclusions on comparative contemporary effectiveness given that resistance changes over time, and many studies were small. Policy makers and clinicians need to consider local resistance patterns in choosing a fluoroquinolone or alternative. There is some evidence that the newest fluoroquinolone, gatifloxacin, remains effective in some regions where resistance to older fluoroquinolones has developed. However, the different fluoroquinolones have not been compared directly in trials in these settings. 8 May 2019 No update planned Other An updated search (5 Sep, 2016) identified 4 studies for inclusion ('Studies awaiting classification’ section: Ali 2011; Arjyal 2016; Chandey 2012; Koirala 2013). In an external analysis for the WHO, inclusion of these 4 studies did not change the 2011 published version's results. The WHO used these results in 2017 (unpublished report for the WHO SAGE Typhoid Working Group, 2017). Plain language summary Fluoroquinolones for treating enteric fever Researchers in The Cochrane Collaboration conducted a review of the effect of fluoroquinolone antibiotics in people enteric fever. After searching for relevant studies, they identified 26 studies involving 3033 patients. Their findings are summarized below. What is enteric fever and how might fluoroquinolones work? Enteric fever is a common term for two similar clinical illnesses known individually as typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever. These are most common in low‐ and middle‐income countries where water and sanitation may be inadequate. Enteric fever typically causes fever and headache with diarrhoea, constipation, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting, or loss of appetite. In left untreated some people can develop serious complications and can be fatal. The fluoroquinolones are a large family of antibiotic drugs, which are commonly used for a variety of infectious diseases. In the past, enteric fever responded extremely well to fluoroquinolones, but drug resistance has become a major public health problem in many areas especially Asia. What the research says Effect of using fluoroquinolones: Generally, fluoroquinolones are effective in typhoid. Policy makers and clinicians will need to consider local antibiotic resistance when considering treatment options for enteric fever. One relatively new fluoroquinolone, gatifloxacin, seems to remain effective in some regions where resistance to older fluoroquinolones has developed.
Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation for facilitation of tests of fetal wellbeing; Abstract - Background Acoustic stimulation of the fetus has been suggested to improve the efficiency of antepartum fetal heart rate testing. Objectives To assess the advantages and disadvantages of the use of fetal vibroacoustic stimulation in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2013). Selection criteria All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials assessing the merits of the use of fetal vibroacoustic stimulation in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Data collection and analysis All review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Authors of published and unpublished trials were contacted for further information. Main results Altogether 12 trials with a total of 6822 participants were included. Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation reduced the incidence of non‐reactive antenatal cardiotocography test (nine trials; average risk ratio (RR) 0.62, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.48 to 0.81). Vibroacoustic stimulation compared with mock stimulation evoked significantly more fetal movements when used in conjunction with fetal heart rate testing (one trial, RR 0.23, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.29). Authors' conclusions Vibroacoustic stimulation offers benefits by decreasing the incidence of non‐reactive cardiotocography and reducing the testing time. Further randomised trials should be encouraged to determine not only the optimum intensity, frequency, duration and position of the vibroacoustic stimulation, but also to evaluate the efficacy, predictive reliability, safety and perinatal outcome of these stimuli with cardiotocography and other tests of fetal wellbeing. Plain language summary Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation for facilitation of tests of the wellbeing of the unborn baby Acoustic stimulation of unborn babies may make tests on their wellbeing more effective. Tests on unborn babies such as ultrasound, measuring the number of movements and the heart rate are carried out to check the baby’s wellbeing. As a baby's sleep periods can alter these results by making it non‐reactive, various methods are used to wake the baby so that it can respond to the stimulus. Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation uses a hand‐held electronic device placed just above the pregnant woman's abdomen. Brief sounds are sent through the mother’s abdomen to her baby. The vibroacoustic stimulation gives the opportunity to assess how the baby responds. Exposure of the baby to the vibroacoustic stimulation is generally considered safe but it can cause vigorous fetal movements and fetal distress.  This review of 12 randomised controlled trials involving 6822 mothers found that vibroacoustic stimulation improved the effectiveness of the baby's heart rate testing. However, the data on fetal distress and perinatal death were too few to draw any conclusions on safety. More research is needed to determine the optimal intensity, frequency, duration and position of the vibroacoustic stimulation and to evaluate the safety and perinatal outcomes when used with cardiotocography and other tests of fetal wellbeing.
Vaccines for preventing typhoid fever; Abstract - Background Typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever continue to be important causes of illness and death, particularly among children and adolescents in south‐central and southeast Asia. Two typhoid vaccines are widely available, Ty21a (oral) and Vi polysaccharide (parenteral). Newer typhoid conjugate vaccines are at varying stages of development and use. The World Health Organization has recently recommended a Vi tetanus toxoid (Vi‐TT) conjugate vaccine, Typbar‐TCV, as the preferred vaccine for all ages. Objectives To assess the effects of vaccines for preventing typhoid fever. Search methods In February 2018, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, and  m RCT. We also searched the reference lists of all included trials. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing typhoid fever vaccines with other typhoid fever vaccines or with an inactive agent (placebo or vaccine for a different disease) in adults and children. Human challenge studies were not eligible. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied inclusion criteria and extracted data, and assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. We computed vaccine efficacy per year of follow‐up and cumulative three‐year efficacy, stratifying for vaccine type and dose. The outcome addressed was typhoid fever, defined as isolation of  Salmonella enterica  serovar Typhi in blood. We calculated risk ratios (RRs) and efficacy (1 − RR as a percentage) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Main results In total, 18 RCTs contributed to the quantitative analysis in this review: 13 evaluated efficacy (Ty21a: 5 trials; Vi polysaccharide: 6 trials; Vi‐rEPA: 1 trial; Vi‐TT: 1 trial), and 9 reported on adverse events. All trials but one took place in typhoid‐endemic countries. There was no information on vaccination in adults aged over 55 years of age, pregnant women, or travellers. Only one trial included data on children under two years of age. Ty21a vaccine (oral vaccine, three doses) A three‐dose schedule of Ty21a vaccine probably prevents around half of typhoid cases during the first three years after vaccination (cumulative efficacy 2.5 to 3 years: 50%, 95% CI 35% to 61%, 4 trials, 235,239 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). These data include patients aged 3 to 44 years. Compared with placebo, this vaccine probably does not cause more vomiting, diarrhoea, nausea or abdominal pain (2 trials, 2066 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), headache, or rash (1 trial, 1190 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence); however, fever (2 trials, 2066 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) is probably more common following vaccination. Vi polysaccharide vaccine (injection, one dose) A single dose of Vi polysaccharide vaccine prevents around two‐thirds of typhoid cases in the first year after vaccination (year 1: 69%, 95% CI 63% to 74%; 3 trials, 99,979 participants; high‐certainty evidence). In year 2, trial results were more variable, with the vaccine probably preventing between 45% and 69% of typhoid cases (year 2: 59%, 95% CI 45% to 69%; 4 trials, 194,969 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). These data included participants aged 2 to 55 years of age.The three‐year cumulative efficacy of the vaccine may be around 55% (95% CI 30% to 70%; 11,384 participants, 1 trial; low‐certainty evidence). These data came from a single trial conducted in South Africa in the 1980s in participants aged 5 to 15 years. Compared with placebo, this vaccine probably did not increase the incidence of fever (3 trials, 132,261 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) or erythema (3 trials, 132,261 participants; low‐certainty evidence); however, swelling (3 trials, 1767 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and pain at the injection site (1 trial, 667 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) were more common in the vaccine group. Vi‐rEPA vaccine (two doses) Administration of two doses of the Vi‐rEPA vaccine probably prevents between 50% and 96% of typhoid cases during the first two years after vaccination (year 1: 94%, 95% CI 75% to 99%; year 2: 87%, 95% CI 56% to 96%, 1 trial, 12,008 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). These data came from a single trial with children two to five years of age conducted in Vietnam. Compared with placebo, both the first and the second dose of this vaccine increased the risk of fever (1 trial, 12,008 and 11,091 participants, low‐certainty evidence) and the second dose increase the incidence of swelling at the injection site (one trial, 11,091 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). Vi‐TT vaccine (two doses) We are uncertain of the efficacy of administration of two doses of Vi‐TT (PedaTyph) in typhoid cases in children during the first year after vaccination (year 1: 94%, 95% CI −1% to 100%, 1 trial, 1625 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). These data come from a single cluster‐randomized trial in children aged six months to 12 years and conducted in India. For single dose Vi‐TT (Typbar‐TCV), we found no efficacy trials evaluating the vaccine with natural exposure. There were no reported serious adverse effects in RCTs of any of the vaccines studied. Authors' conclusions The licensed Ty21a and Vi polysaccharide vaccines are efficacious in adults and children older than two years in endemic countries. The Vi‐rEPA vaccine is just as efficacious, although data is only available for children. The new Vi‐TT vaccine (PedaTyph) requires further evaluation to determine if it provides protection against typhoid fever. At the time of writing, there were only efficacy data from a human challenge setting in adults on the Vi‐TT vaccine (Tybar), which clearly justify the ongoing field trials to evaluate vaccine efficacy. 26 March 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search Updated review: all eligible published studies found in the last search (14 Feb, 2018) were included and three ongoing studies have been identified (see 'Characteristics of ongoing studies' section) Plain language summary Vaccines for preventing typhoid fever What was studied in this review? Typhoid fever is a bacterial infection found mainly among children and adolescents in southern and eastern Asia, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean. Typhoid fever spreads through contaminated food, drink, or water. It is usually characterized initially by fever, headache, and abdominal symptoms, although other non‐specific symptoms may be present. The infection also sometimes causes confusion or psychosis. In late stages of the infection, intestinal perforation or massive intestinal haemorrhage may occur. Treatment normally consists of antibiotics, but problems with drug‐resistant bacteria strains have been reported. Improved sanitation and food hygiene are important control measures. However, these are associated with socioeconomic progress that has been slow in most affected areas. Therefore vaccination is an effective way to try to prevent this disease. What are the main results? We found 18 relevant trials that evaluated four vaccines: 9 reported on vaccine effectiveness only, 4 reported on effectiveness and side effects, and 5 reported on side effects only (we could not analyse one additional trial on adverse events that met the inclusion criteria as it did not provide enough information). The two main vaccines currently licensed for use, Ty21a and Vi polysaccharide, were effective in reducing typhoid fever in adults and children over two years in endemic countries; adverse events such as nausea, vomiting, and fever were rare. Other vaccines, such as new, modified, conjugated Vi vaccines called Vi‐rEPA and Vi‐TT, are in development. These could be given to infants, which would be helpful as they are probably at higher risk for infection, although further evidence for these vaccines is still needed. How up‐to‐date is this review? We searched for studies published up to 14 February 2018.
G‐CSF and GM‐CSF for treating or preventing neonatal infections; Abstract - Background The colony stimulating factors (CSFs), granulocyte‐macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM‐CSF) and granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G‐CSF), are naturally occurring cytokines that stimulate the production and antibacterial function of neutrophils and monocytes. Two strategies have been adopted for exploring whether CSFs can provide clinical benefit for preterm infants. The first has investigated their use as a treatment to improve outcome in established systemic infection, especially when complicated by a low neutrophil count. The alternative strategy has been to use CSFs prophylactically, to prevent sepsis prospectively through stimulation of neutrophil production and bactericidal function. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of the haemopoietic colony stimulating factors (G‐CSF or GM‐CSF) in newborn infants, when used for:   a) treatment of suspected or proven systemic infection to reduce mortality, or   b) prophylaxis, to prevent systemic infection in infants at high risk of nosocomial infection.   To determine, in subgroup analysis, the influence of pre‐existing or high risk of neutropenia on the outcome of therapy. Search methods PubMed, EMBASE, MEDLINE and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library, Issue 2, 2003) were searched in April 2003 using the keywords: G‐CSF, GM‐CSF, infant newborn, with and without the limit Clinical Trial. In addition, reference lists of identified RCTs, meta‐analyses and personal files were searched. Selection criteria The criteria used to select studies for inclusion were:   Design: RCT.   Subjects: Newborn infants in intensive care.   Interventions: G‐CSF or GM‐CSF given as treatment in conjunction with antibiotics for suspected or microbiologically proven systemic infection. G‐CSF or GM‐CSF given as prophylaxis with the aim of reducing the incidence of systemic infection.   Outcomes: Treatment studies reporting all cause mortality. Prophylaxis studies reporting subsequent incidence of sepsis and / or mortality. Data collection and analysis Relative risks (RR) and risk differences (RD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) using the fixed effect model are reported. Number needed to treat (NNT) was calculated for the outcomes that showed a statistically significant reduction in RR. Main results Seven treatment studies of 257 infants with suspected systemic bacterial infection and three prophylaxis studies comprising 359 neonates are analysed.     Treatment studies: There is no evidence that the addition of G‐CSF or GM‐CSF to antibiotic therapy in preterm infants with suspected systemic infection reduces immediate all cause mortality. No significant survival advantage was seen at 14 days from the start of therapy [typical RR 0.71 (95% CI 0.38,1.33); typical RD ‐0.05 (95% CI ‐0.14, 0.04)]. However all seven of the treatment studies were small, the largest recruiting only 60 infants.   The subgroup analysis of 97 infants from three treatment studies who, in addition to systemic infection, had clinically significant neutropenia (< 1.7 x 10 9 /l) at trial entry, does show a significant reduction in mortality by day 14 [RR 0.34 (95% CI 0.12, 0.92); RD ‐0.18 (95% CI ‐0.33, ‐0.03); NNT 6 (95% CI 3‐33)]. Prophylaxis studies have not demonstrated a significant reduction in mortality in neonates receiving GM‐CSF [RR 0.59 (95% CI 0.24,1.44); RD ‐0.03 (95% CI ‐0.08,0.02)]. The identification of sepsis as the primary outcome of prophylaxis studies has been hampered by inadequately stringent definitions of systemic infection. However, data from one study suggest that prophylactic GM‐CSF may provide protection against infection when given to preterm infants who are neutropenic or at high risk of developing postnatal neutropenia. Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient evidence to support the introduction of either G‐CSF or GM‐CSF into neonatal practice, either as treatment of established systemic infection to reduce resulting mortality, or as prophylaxis to prevent systemic infection in high risk neonates. No toxicity of CSF use was reported in any study included in this review. The limited data suggesting that CSF treatment may reduce mortality when systemic infection is accompanied by severe neutropenia should be investigated further in adequately powered trials which recruit sufficient infants infected with organisms associated with a significant mortality risk. Plain language summary G‐CSF and GM‐CSF for treating or preventing neonatal infections Infants born before 32 weeks and infants that are small for their gestational age are at high risk of developing infections while in hospital. These infections can cause death, disability (including cerebral palsy) as a result of damage to nervous tissue as well as contributing to chronic lung disease. Infection‐related deaths have remained constant for two decades and antibiotic resistance is increasing, emphasising the need for new ways to prevent infection.     The haemopoietic colony stimulating factors (CSFs), granulocyte‐macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM‐CSF) and granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G‐CSF) are naturally occurring substances (cytokines) that can increase circulating white blood cells (neutrophils) and their ability to destroy bacteria. Common minor side effects are low grade fever and skeletal pain. The review authors identified seven treatment studies of 257 premature infants with suspected systemic bacterial infection. Adding G‐CSF or GM‐CSF to antibiotic therapy did not improve survival, overall. It may be, however, that infants who had clinically low neutrophils at the start of treatment did show some reduction in number of deaths by day 14 (taken from three studies). In three studies in which 359 low birthweight or premature neonates were treated preventatively (prophylaxis) no reduction in deaths was evident in those neonates receiving GM‐CSF. GM‐CSF was well tolerated with no adverse reactions in these small studies.
Maternal prenatal and/or postnatal n‐3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) supplementation for preventing allergies in early childhood; Abstract - Background Allergies have become more prevalent globally over the last 20 years. Dietary consumption of n‐3 (or omega 3) long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) has declined over the same period of time. This, together with the known role of n‐3 LCPUFA in inhibiting inflammation, has resulted in speculation that n‐3 LCPUFA may prevent allergy development. Dietary n‐3 fatty acids supplements may change the developing immune system of the newborn before allergic responses are established, particularly for those with a genetic predisposition to the production of the immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody. Individuals with IgE‐mediated allergies have both the signs and symptoms of the allergic disease and a positive skin prick test (SPT) to the allergen. Objectives To assess the effect of n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation in pregnant and/or breastfeeding women on allergy outcomes (food allergy, atopic dermatitis (eczema), allergic rhinitis (hay fever) and asthma/wheeze) in their children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group’s Trials Register (6 August 2014), PubMed (1966 to 01 August 2014), CINAHL via EBSCOhost (1984 to 01 August 2014), Scopus (1995 to 01 August 2014), Web of Knowledge (1864 to 01 August 2014) and  ClinicalTrials.gov  (01 August 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effect of n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation of pregnant and/or lactating women (compared with placebo or no treatment) on allergy outcomes of the infants or children. Trials using a cross‐over design and trials examining biochemical outcomes only were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed eligibility and trial quality and performed data extraction. Where the review authors were also investigators on trials selected, an independent reviewer assessed trial quality and performed data extraction. Main results Eight trials involving 3366 women and their 3175 children were included in the review. In these trials, women were supplemented with n‐3 LCPUFA during pregnancy (five trials), lactation (two trials) or both pregnancy and lactation (one trial). All trials randomly allocated women to either a n‐3 LCPUFA supplement or a control group. The risk of bias varied across the eight included trials in this review with only two trials with a low risk of selection, performance and attrition bias. N‐3 LCPUFA supplementation showed a clear reduction in the primary outcome of any allergy (medically diagnosed IgE mediated) in children aged 12 to 36 months (risk ratio (RR) 0.66, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.44 to 0.98; two RCTs; 823 children), but not beyond 36 months (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.20; one RCT, 706 children). For any allergy (medically diagnosed IgE mediated and/or parental report), no clear differences were seen in children either at 12 to 36 months (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.11; two RCTs, 823 children) or beyond 36 months of age (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.09; three RCTs, 1765 children). For the secondary outcomes of specific allergies there were no clear differences for food allergies at 12 to 36 months and beyond 36 months, but a clear reduction was seen for children in their first 12 months with n‐3 LCPUFA (both for medically diagnosed IgE mediated and medically diagnosed IgE mediated and/or parental report). There was a clear reduction in medically diagnosed IgE‐mediated eczema with n‐3 LCPUFA for children 12 to 36 months of age, but not at any other time point for both medically diagnosed IgE mediated and medically diagnosed IgE mediated and/or parental report. No clear differences for allergic rhinitis or asthma/wheeze were seen at any time point for both medically diagnosed IgE mediated, and medically diagnosed IgE mediated and/or parental report. There was a clear reduction in children's sensitisation to egg and sensitisation to any allergen between 12 to 36 months of age when mothers were supplemented with n‐3 LCPUFA. In terms of safety for the mother and child, n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy did not show increased risk of postpartum haemorrhage or early childhood infections. Authors' conclusions Overall, there is limited evidence to support maternal n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy and/or lactation for reducing allergic disease in children. Few differences in childhood allergic disease were seen between women who were supplemented with n‐3 LCPUFA and those who were not. Plain language summary Fish oil (n‐3 or omega‐3) for pregnant mothers or breastfeeding mothers to prevent allergies in their young children Fish and fish oil are the major sources of omega‐3 long chain fatty acids. Dietary marine omega‐3 fatty acid supplements during pregnancy may change the immune system of the newborn before allergic responses are established, particularly for those with a genetic predisposition to the production of the immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody. Individuals with IgE‐mediated allergies have both the signs and symptoms of the allergic disease and a positive skin prick test (SPT) to the allergen. Allergy is an important public health problem that places a burden on individuals, society and healthcare costs. Allergic diseases include food allergies, eczema (atopic dermatitis), asthma or wheeze and hay fever (allergic rhinitis). Many childhood allergies continue into adulthood. Pregnant women, especially those from Western countries, are not eating as much fish and allergic diseases have been increasing over the time that pregnant women have been eating less fish. The unborn baby gets nutrition from his or her mother and so the mother's diet is important. Supplementing women with omega‐3 fatty acids from marine origin may be important in preventing their children from developing allergies. In this review of randomised controlled studies, we evaluated the effects of adding marine omega‐3 fatty acids to women’s diets during pregnancy or lactation on allergic diseases in their children. We analysed eight trials that involved 3366 women and 3175 children. The women were randomly assigned to receive a marine omega‐3 supplement (as fish oil capsules, or added to foods) or no treatment during pregnancy (five trials), during breast feeding (two trials) or both pregnancy and breast feeding (one trial). Overall, the methodological quality of the trials varied, with only two trials being at low risk of bias. Overall, the results showed little effect of maternal marine omega‐3 supplementation during pregnancy and/or breast feeding for the reduction of allergic disease in the children. However there were reductions in some outcomes such as food allergy during the baby's first year and eczema with marine omega‐3 supplementation in women with a baby at high risk of allergy. Currently, there is not enough evidence to say that omega‐3 supplements from marine origin during pregnancy and/or breast feeding for mothers will reduce allergies in their children. In terms of safety for the mother and child, omega‐3 fatty acids supplementation from marine origin during pregnancy did not show increased risk of excessive bleeding after the baby was born (postpartum haemorrhage) or early childhood infections.
Interventions for atrophic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Atrophic rhinitis is a chronic nasal pathology characterised by the formation of thick dry crusts in a roomy nasal cavity, which has resulted from progressive atrophy of the nasal mucosa and underlying bone. The common symptoms may include foetor, ozaena, crusting/nasal obstruction, epistaxis, anosmia/cacosmia and secondary infection with maggot infestation. Its prevalence varies in different regions of the world and it is common in tropical countries. The condition is predominantly seen in young and middle‐aged adults, especially females, with a racial preference amongst Asians, Hispanics and African‐Americans. A wide variety of treatment modalities have been described in the literature, however the mainstay of treatment is conservative (for example, nasal irrigation and douches; nose drops (e.g. glucose‐glycerine, liquid paraffin); antibiotics and antimicrobials; vasodilators and prostheses). Surgical treatment aims to decrease the size of the nasal cavities, promote regeneration of normal mucosa, increase lubrication of dry nasal mucosa and improve the vascularity of the nasal cavities. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of interventions for atrophic rhinitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 28 March 2011. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) studying any treatment or combination of treatments in patients with atrophic rhinitis. We excluded studies with follow‐up of less than five months following treatment/intervention. Data collection and analysis Three review authors abstracted and assessed studies. We tabulated and then compared the responses of the review authors separately for the individual studies. Main results No studies met the inclusion criteria for the review. We identified one RCT comparing oral rifampicin plus nasal wash versus nasal submucosal placentrex injection plus nasal wash versus a control group (nasal wash) but had to exclude this study due to inadequate length of follow‐up. A further RCT comparing Young’s operation with nasal lubrication for primary atropic rhinitis is underway. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence from randomised controlled trials concerning the long‐term benefits or risks of different treatment modalities for atrophic rhinitis. Further high‐quality research into this chronic disease, with a longer follow‐up period, is therefore required to establish this conclusively.  Plain language summary Interventions for atrophic rhinitis Atrophic rhinitis is a chronic nasal condition with unknown cause. It is characterised by the formation of thick dry crusts in a roomy nasal cavity, which has resulted from progressive wasting away or decrease in size (atrophy) of the mucous nasal lining (mucosa) and underlying bone. The various symptoms include foetor (strong offensive smell), crusting/nasal obstruction, nosebleeds, anosmia (loss of smell) or cacosmia (hallucination of disagreeable odour), secondary infection, maggot infestation, nasal deformity, pharyngitis, otitis media and even, rarely, extension into the brain and its membranes. Atrophic rhinitis can be classed as primary or, where it is a consequence of another condition or event, secondary. Its prevalence varies in different regions of the world but it is common in tropical countries. A wide variety of treatments have been described in the literature, however treatment is usually conservative (for example, nasal irrigation and douches; nose drops (e.g. glucose‐glycerine, liquid paraffin); antibiotics and antimicrobials; vasodilators (drugs that cause dilation of blood vessels) and prostheses). Surgical treatment aims to decrease the size of the nasal cavities, promote regeneration of normal mucosa, increase lubrication of dry nasal mucosa and improve the vascularity (blood flow) of the nasal cavities. We searched systematically for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) studying any treatment or combination of treatments for atrophic rhinitis in patients with atrophic rhinitis. Despite a comprehensive search we found no RCTs which met our inclusion criteria, although a RCT comparing surgery (Young’s operation) with nasal lubrication for primary atropic rhinitis is underway. Further high‐quality research into this chronic disease, with a longer follow‐up period, is therefore required to conclusively establish the long‐term benefits or risks of different treatment modalities for atrophic rhinitis.
Ribavirin for treating Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever; Abstract - Background Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF) is a tick‐borne disease that occurs in parts of Asia, Europe and Africa. Since 2000 the infection has caused epidemics in Turkey, Iran, Russia, Uganda and Pakistan. Good‐quality general supportive medical care helps reduce mortality. There is uncertainty and controversy about treating CCHF with the antiviral drug ribavirin. Objectives To assess the effects of ribavirin for treating people with Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register; the Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); MEDLINE (PubMed); Embase (OVID); Science Citation Index‐Expanded, Social Sciences Citation index, conference proceedings (Web of Science); and CINAHL (EBSCOHost). We also searched the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov for trials in progress. We conducted all searches up to 16 October 2017. We also contacted experts in the field and obtained further studies from these sources. Selection criteria We evaluated studies assessing the use of ribavirin in people with suspected or confirmed Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever. We included randomised control trials (RCTs); non‐randomised studies (NRSs) that included more than 10 participants designed as cohort studies with comparators; and case‐control studies. Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed eligibility, risk of bias, and extracted data. For non‐randomized studies we used the ROBINS‐I tool to assess risk of bias. The main effects analysis included all studies where we judged the risk of bias to be low, moderate or high. We summarized dichotomous outcomes using risk ratios (RRs) and continuous outcomes using mean differences (MDs), and used meta‐analyses where appropriate. We carried out a subsidiary appraisal and analysis of studies with critical risk of bias for the primary outcome, as these are often cited to support using ribavirin. Main results For the main effects analysis, five studies met our inclusion criteria: one RCT with 136 participants and four non‐randomized studies with 612 participants. We excluded 18 non‐randomized studies with critical risk of bias, where none had attempted to control for confounding. We do not know if ribavirin reduces mortality (1 RCT; RR 1.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29 to 4.32; 136 participants; very low‐certainty evidence ;  3 non‐randomized studies; RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.28; 549 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We do not know if ribavirin reduces the length of stay in hospital (1 RCT: mean difference (MD) 0.70 days, 95% CI ‐0.39 to 1.79; 136 participants; and 1 non‐randomized study: MD ‐0.80, 95% CI ‐2.70 to 1.10; 50 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We do not know if it reduces the risk of patients needing platelet transfusions (1 RCT: RR 1.23, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.96; 136 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). For adverse effects (including haemolytic anaemia and a need to discontinue treatment), we do not know whether there is an increased risk with ribavirin in people with CCHF as data are insufficient. We do not know if adding ribavirin to early supportive care improves outcomes. One non‐randomized study assessed mortality in people receiving ribavirin and supportive care within four days or less from symptom onset compared to after four days since symptom onset: mortality was lower in the group receiving early supportive care and ribavirin, but it is not possible to distinguish between the effects of ribavirin and early supportive medical care alone. In the subsidiary analysis, 18 studies compared people receiving ribavirin with those not receiving ribavirin. All had a critical risk of bias due to confounding, reflected in the mortality point estimates favouring ribavirin. Authors' conclusions We do not know if ribavirin is effective for treating Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever. Non‐randomized studies are often cited as evidence of an effect, but the risk of bias in these studies is high. 2 April 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search Updated review: all eligible published studies found in the last search (16 Oct, 2017) were included Plain language summary Ribavirin for treating Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane review is to find out if ribavirin is an effective treatment for Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever. Cochrane researchers collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question. We found 23 studies. We include five studies in this review that helped answer the question. We analysed the other 18 studies to help describe the limitations of the evidence. Key messages There is insufficient reliable evidence to show whether ribavirin is effective in treating Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever. A randomised clinical trial could help answer this question. What was studied in the review? Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF) is an infection spread by tick bites. It has become more common in the last 15 years, particularly in Turkey and parts of Eastern Europe. CCHF can be life threatening. The most important way of caring for people who are seriously unwell with CCHF is to monitor them closely in hospital and give them any fluid or blood products they may need. Ribavirin is an antiviral drug that some doctors use to treat CCHF. It is widely available and is normally taken by mouth. There is debate over whether ribavirin is needed to treat CCHF; some argue that it is an effective treatment, or helps if given early, whilst others say that it has no effect, in terms of the risk of death, the length of time needed in hospital, and the extent of harm from the drug itself. Overall, the study designs did not take into account factors other than taking ribavirin that could result in better outcomes in the intervention group, including how ill the patient was when diagnosed, or when good supportive medical care was started. This made any association between ribavirin and lower mortality problematic. We found five studies that took into account important factors that could confound the risk of dying with whether or not a patient received ribavirin. These include how sick the study participants were, what other care they received, and how long after they became sick they received medical care. All included studies were conducted in Turkey and Iran, and compared people with CCHF who received ribavirin and supportive care to those who received supportive care alone. We looked at five different outcomes relating to ribavirin use in CCHF, and found that there is insufficient reliable evidence to determine whether ribavirin is effective. How up to date is the review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 16 October 2017.
Penicillin for secondary prevention of rheumatic fever; Abstract - Background People with a history of rheumatic fever are at high risk of recurrent attacks of rheumatic fever and developing rheumatic heart disease following a streptococcal throat infection. Giving penicillin to these people can prevent recurrent attacks of rheumatic fever and subsequent rheumatic heart disease. However, there is no agreement on the most effective method of giving penicillin. Objectives To assess the effects of penicillin compared to placebo and the effects of different penicillin regimens and formulations for preventing streptococcal infection and rheumatic fever recurrence. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 2, 2009), MEDLINE (1997 to June 2009), EMBASE (1998 to June 2009), LILACs (1980 to June 2009) and reference lists of articles. We contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised studies comparing (i) penicillin with control, (ii) oral with intramuscular penicillin (iii) 2‐ or 3‐weekly with 4‐weekly intramuscular penicillin in patients with previous rheumatic fever. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results Nine studies were included (n=3008). Data were not pooled because of heterogeneity. Overall, the methodological quality of included studies was poor. Three trials (n= 1301) compared penicillin with control. Only one of three studies showed that penicillin reduced rheumatic fever recurrence (RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.92) and streptococcal throat infection (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.97). Four trials (n=1098) compared intramuscular with oral penicillin and all showed that intramuscular penicillin reduced rheumatic fever recurrence and streptococcal throat infections compared to oral penicillin. One trial (n= 360) compared 2‐weekly with 4‐weekly intramuscular penicillin. Penicillin given every two‐weeks was better at reducing rheumatic fever recurrence (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.83) and streptococcal throat infections (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.85). One trial (n= 249) showed 3‐weekly intramuscular penicillin injections reduced streptococcal throat infections (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.92) compared to 4‐weekly intramuscular penicillin. Authors' conclusions Intramuscular penicillin seemed to be more effective than oral penicillin in preventing rheumatic fever recurrence and streptococcal throat infections. Two‐weekly or 3‐weekly injections appeared to be more effective than 4‐weekly injections. However, the evidence is based on poor quality of trials. Plain language summary Penicillin reduces the risk of streptococcal throat infections and attacks of rheumatic fever in people who have already had a bout of rheumatic fever Rheumatic fever is a rare complication of throat infection, that can damage the heart. People who have had rheumatic fever can suffer from it again following streptococcal throat infection if they do not receive regular penicillin. Penicillin for prevention can be given by injection or as tablets. Taking tablets is easier but might not work as well as injections. The review of trials compared different ways of giving penicillin. Penicillin seemed to work better as injections than as tablets. Injections given every two or three weeks worked better than when given every four weeks. However, more research is needed.
Oestrogen therapy for treating pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women; Abstract - Background Pelvic organ prolapse (POP) is the descent of a woman's uterus, bladder, or rectum into the vagina. It affects 50% of women over 50 years old who have given birth to at least one child, and recognised risk factors are older age, higher number of births, and higher body mass index. This review assesses the effects of oestrogen therapy, alone or in combination with other treatments, on POP in postmenopausal women. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of local and systemic oestrogen therapy in the management of pelvic organ prolapse symptoms in postmenopausal women, and to summarise the principal findings of relevant economic evaluations. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Specialised Register (up to 20 June 2022), which includes CENTRAL, MEDLINE, two trials registers, and handsearching of journals and conference proceedings. We also checked the reference lists of relevant articles for additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐RCTs, multi‐arm RCTs, and cross‐over RCTs that evaluated the effects of oestrogen therapy (alone or in combination with other treatments) versus placebo, no treatment, or other interventions in postmenopausal women with any grade of POP. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data from the included trials using prespecified outcome measures and a piloted extraction form. The same review authors independently assessed the risk of bias of eligible trials using Cochrane's risk of bias tool. Had data allowed, we would have created summary of findings tables for our main outcome measures and assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We identified 14 studies including a total of 1002 women. In general, studies were at high risk of bias in terms of blinding of participants and personnel, and there were also some concerns about selective reporting. Owing to insufficient data for the outcomes of interest, we were unable to perform our planned subgroup analyses (systemic versus topical oestrogen, parous versus nulliparous women, women with versus without a uterus). No studies assessed the effects of oestrogen therapy alone versus no treatment, placebo, pelvic floor muscle training, devices such as vaginal pessaries, or surgery. However, we did identify three studies that assessed oestrogen therapy in conjunction with vaginal pessaries versus vaginal pessaries alone and 11 studies that assessed oestrogen therapy in conjunction with surgery versus surgery alone. Authors' conclusions There was insufficient evidence from RCTs to draw any solid conclusions on the benefits or harms of oestrogen therapy for managing POP symptoms in postmenopausal women. Topical oestrogen in conjunction with pessaries was associated with fewer adverse vaginal events compared with pessaries alone, and topical oestrogen in conjunction with surgery was associated with reduced postoperative urinary tract infections compared with surgery alone; however, these findings should be interpreted with caution, as the studies that contributed data varied substantially in their design. There is a need for larger studies on the effectiveness and cost‐effectiveness of oestrogen therapy, used alone or in conjunction with pelvic floor muscle training, vaginal pessaries, or surgery, for the management of POP. These studies should measure outcomes in the medium and long term. Plain language summary Does oestrogen therapy help to treat pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women? Key messages • Although 14 studies met the inclusion criteria for this review, no studies addressed our comparisons of greatest interest, so we are uncertain about the effects of oestrogen therapy on pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women. • Further research is needed to assess the effects of oestrogen therapy, alone or in combination with other treatments, on pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women. What is pelvic organ prolapse? Pelvic organ prolapse is when a woman's uterus (womb), bladder, or rectum moves down from its normal position into the vagina. It is a common condition, affecting 50% of women over 50 years old who have had at least one child. Between 6% and 12% of women who have had a hysterectomy (surgical removal of the uterus) will experience pelvic organ prolapse. Women who are older, who have had more children, and who are overweight are more likely to have pelvic organ prolapse. Women with pelvic organ prolapse may have the feeling of "something coming down" into the vagina, or other symptoms that can negatively affect their quality of life and body image, such as discomfort during sex or urinary problems. What did we want to find out? Many clinicians prescribe oestrogen therapy (a type of hormonal therapy) to treat pelvic organ prolapse, sometimes in combination with other treatments such as a pessary (a device inserted into the vagina to provide support) or surgery. However, the benefits of this approach are unclear. We wanted to find out whether using oestrogen therapy, either alone or together with other treatments, could improve the symptoms of pelvic organ prolapse in women after their menopause. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated the effects of oestrogen therapy, either alone or in combination with other treatments such as pessaries or surgery, on postmenopausal women. We compared and summarised the results of these studies and rated our confidence in the results based on aspects such as methods and number of participants. What did we find? We found 14 studies involving a total of 1002 women. Ten studies recruited women with different severities of pelvic organ prolapse. There were differences across studies in terms of the location of pelvic organ prolapse, the number of children the women had had, whether the women had had a hysterectomy, and the type of oestrogen therapy being investigated. Main results Although we identified 14 eligible studies, no studies addressed our main comparisons of interest (oestrogen therapy alone compared with no treatment, compared with pelvic floor muscle exercises, compared with surgery, or compared with devices such as vaginal pessaries). Four studies evaluated oestrogen therapy alongside vaginal pessaries compared with vaginal pessaries alone, and 10 studies evaluated oestrogen therapy alongside surgery compared with surgery alone. What are the limitations of the evidence? The evidence is very uncertain because of concerns about the studies' methods. The women were often aware of the treatments they were receiving, which may have affected the results. Additionally, many studies included few women. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to 20 June 2022.
Saline nasal irrigation for acute upper respiratory tract infections; Abstract - Background Acute upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs), including the common cold and rhinosinusitis, are common afflictions that cause discomfort and debilitation and contribute significantly to workplace absenteeism. Treatment is generally by antipyretic and decongestant drugs and sometimes antibiotics, even though most infections are viral. Nasal irrigation with saline is often employed as an adjunct treatment for URTI symptoms despite a relative lack of evidence for benefit in this clinical setting. This review is an update of the Cochrane review by Kassel et al, which found that saline was probably effective in reducing the severity of some symptoms associated with acute URTIs. Objectives To assess the effects of saline nasal irrigation for treating the symptoms of acute URTIs. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 7), MEDLINE (1966 to July week 5, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to August 2014), CINAHL (1982 to August 2014), AMED (1985 to August 2014) and LILACS (1982 to August 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing topical nasal saline treatment to other interventions in adults and children with clinically diagnosed acute URTIs. Data collection and analysis Two review authors (DK, BM) independently assessed trial quality with the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool and extracted data. We analysed all data using the Cochrane Review Manager software. Due to the large variability of outcome measures only a small number of outcomes could be pooled for statistical analysis. Main results We identified five RCTs that randomised 544 children (three studies) and 205 adults (exclusively from two studies). They all compared saline irrigation to routine care or other nose sprays, rather than placebo. We included two new trials in this update, which did not contribute data of sufficient size or quality to materially change the original findings. Most trials were small and we judged them to be of low quality, contributing to an unclear risk of bias. Most outcome measures differed greatly between included studies and therefore could not be pooled. Most results showed no difference between nasal saline treatment and control. However, one larger trial, conducted with children, did show a significant reduction in nasal secretion score (mean difference (MD) ‐0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.48 to ‐0.14) and nasal breathing (obstruction) score (MD ‐0.33, 95% CI ‐0.47 to ‐0.19) in the saline group. However, a MD of ‐0.33 on a four‐point symptom scale may have minimal clinical significance. The trial also showed a significant reduction in the use of decongestant medication by the saline group. Minor nasal discomfort and/or irritation was the only side effect reported by a minority of participants. Authors' conclusions Nasal saline irrigation possibly has benefits for relieving the symptoms of acute URTIs. However, the included trials were generally too small and had a high risk of bias, reducing confidence in the evidence supporting this. Future trials should involve larger numbers of participants and report standardised and clinically meaningful outcome measures. Plain language summary Nasal saline irrigation for acute upper airway infection symptoms Review question   Does the addition of nasal saline spray or wash to usual care or placebo reduce the severity of symptoms or speed the recovery of adults and children with cold and flu symptoms that have been present for less than four weeks? Background   Acute upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) include colds, influenza and infections of the throat, nose or sinuses. They are usually self limiting viral infections, though sometimes symptoms may persist for many weeks beyond the clearance of the initial infection, with or without establishment of secondary bacterial infections. The aim of treatment is predominantly for relief of symptoms, though some treatments may have a role in reducing the duration of post‐viral symptoms, such as cough. Saline nose spray and larger volume nasal washes have become more popular as one of many treatment options for URTIs, and they have been shown to have some effectiveness for chronic sinusitis and following nasal surgery. However, little is known about their effectiveness in the treatment of acute URTI or which symptoms they may be effective for. Study characteristics We identified five studies, with a total of 749 participants enrolled and 565 participants providing data, which addressed the research question and met the inclusion criteria. They all compared saline irrigation with routine care or other nose sprays. These studies covered a wide range of ages, countries, sample sizes, dosing methods and frequency, and time since onset of URTI symptoms. They were also highly variable in their design and the symptoms that were measured. This is not surprising due to the lack of consistent measures of URTI symptoms and signs. This resulted in very few common outcome measures that could be combined across these five studies. The evidence is current to August 2014. Key results   The two additional studies included since the original systematic review have not contributed data of sufficient size or quality to materially change the original findings. Only the largest study, which studied 401 children aged 6 to 10 years, found significant reductions in a number of symptoms, including nasal secretions, sore throat, nasal breathing score and nasal obstruction, as well as reduced use of additional nasal decongestant medications. It also reported a significant improvement in the health status score. There was a reduction in the outcome of time to resolution of symptoms, which was reported in two trials on adult participants, but the difference was not clinically significant. Nasal saline is safe but may cause minor adverse effects, such as irritation or a burning sensation, particularly with products using higher flows or concentrations. Quality of the evidence   Most studies were small and had significant shortcomings in the design or implementation of the research. Further studies, preferably larger in size and using common outcome measures, are needed to establish the potential for the role of nasal saline irrigation in reducing the severity and duration of acute URTI symptoms, secondary infections and possibly antibiotic usage.
Probing for congenital nasolacrimal duct obstruction; Abstract - Background Congenital nasolacrimal duct obstruction (NLDO) is a common condition causing excessive tearing in the first year of life. Infants present with excessive tearing or mucoid discharge from the eyes due to blockage of the nasolacrimal duct system, which can result in maceration of the skin of the eyelids and local infections, such as conjunctivitis, that may require antibiotics. The incidence of nasolacrimal duct obstruction in early childhood ranges from 5% to 20% and often resolves without surgery. Treatment options for this condition are either conservative therapy, including observation (or deferred probing), massage of the lacrimal sac and antibiotics, or probing the nasolacrimal duct to open the membranous obstruction at the distal nasolacrimal duct. Probing may be performed without anesthesia in the office setting or under general anesthesia in the operating room. Probing may serve to resolve the symptoms by opening the membranous obstruction; however, it may not be successful if the obstruction is due to a bony protrusion of the inferior turbinate into the nasolacrimal duct or when the duct is edematous (swollen) due to infection such as dacryocystitis. Additionally, potential complications with probing include creation of a false passage and injury to the nasolacrimal duct, canaliculi and puncta, bleeding, laryngospasm, or aspiration. Objectives To assess the effects of probing for congenital nasolacrimal duct obstruction. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register (2016, Issue 8); MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to 30 August 2016); Embase.com (1947 to 30 August 2016); PubMed (1948 to 30 August 2016); LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences Literature Database; 1982 to 30 August 2016), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ), last searched 14 August 2014; ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ), searched 30 August 2016; and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ), searched 30 August 2016. We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared probing (office‐based or hospital‐based under general anesthesia) versus no (or deferred) probing or other interventions (observation alone, antibiotic drops only, or antibiotic drops plus massage of the nasolacrimal duct). We did not include studies that compared different probing techniques or probing compared with other surgical procedures. We included studies in children aged three weeks to four years who may have presented with tearing and conjunctivitis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for inclusion and independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias for the included studies. We analyzed data using Review Manager software and evaluated the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We identified two RCTs and no ongoing studies; one of the included RCTs was registered. The studies reported on 303 eyes of 242 participants who had unilateral or bilateral congenital nasolacrimal duct obstruction. For both included studies, the interventions compared were immediate office‐based probing to remove the duct obstruction versus deferred probing, if needed, after 6 months of observation or once the child reached a certain age. The primary outcome of the review, treatment success at 6 months, was reported partially in one study. Treatment success was not reported at this time point for all children in the immediate probing group; however, 77 of 117 (66%) eyes randomized to deferred probing had resolved without surgery 6 months after randomization and 40 (34%) eyes did not resolve without probing. For children who had unilateral NLDO, those randomized to immediate probing had treatment success more often than those who were randomized to deferred probing (RR 1.41, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.78; 163 children; moderate‐certainty evidence). Treatment success for all children was assessed in the study at age 18 months; as an ad hoc analysis in the included study, results were presented separately for children with unilateral and bilateral NLDO (RR 1.13, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.28 and RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.06, respectively; very low‐certainty evidence). In the other small study (26 eyes of 22 children), more eyes that received immediate probing were cured within one month after surgery compared with eyes that were randomized to deferred probing and analyzed at age 15 months (RR 2.56, 95% CI 1.16 to 5.64). We considered the evidence to be low‐certainty due to imprecision from the small study size and risk of bias concerns due to attrition bias. One study reported on the number of children that required reoperation; however, these data were reported only for immediate probing group. Nine percent of children with unilateral NLDO and 13% with bilateral NLDO required secondary procedures. One study reported cost‐effectiveness of immediate probing versus deferred probing. The mean cost of treatment for immediate probing was less than for deferred probing; however, there is uncertainty as to whether there is a true cost difference (mean difference USD ‐139, 95% CI USD −377 to 94; moderate‐certainty evidence). Reported complications of the treatment were not serious. One study reported that there were no complications for any surgery and no serious adverse events, while the other study reported that bleeding from the punctum occurred in 20% of all probings. Authors' conclusions The effects and costs of immediate versus deferred probing for NLDO are uncertain. Children who have unilateral NLDO may have better success from immediate office probing, though few children have participated in these trials, and investigators examined outcomes at disparate time points. Determining whether to perform the procedure and its optimal timing will require additional studies with greater power and larger, well‐run clinical trials to help our understanding of the comparison. Plain language summary Using a probe to clear a blockage in a child's tear duct What is the aim of this review?   Sometimes children are born with a blocked tear duct. The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out whether it is better to immediately clear this blocked tear duct, using a probe, or to wait to see if the blockage clears on it's own. Cochrane review authors collected and analyzed all relevant studies to answer this question and found two studies. Key messages   It is not clear whether immediate probing results in more treatment success than waiting for the blockage to clear on its own. In children with only one eye affected, immediate probing may be more beneficial than waiting. What was studied in this review?   In normal newborn eyes, the tear or nasolacrimal duct allows for drainage of tears. Some babies are born with a blockage in the nasolacrimal duct that creates excessive tearing. This condition is known as congenital nasolacrimal duct obstruction (NLDO). Although the condition often resolves on its own, children with NLDO have a greater chance of infections in the eye and eyelid. Treatment options for NLDO include regular observation to determine whether the condition resolves on its own, massaging the tear duct (the inner corner of the eye, by the nose), or probing, which involves inserting a probe into the duct to relieve the blockage. Probing is a minor procedure that can be performed with or without anesthesia. While probing may resolve symptoms of NLDO, there are potential complications. The aim of this review is to assess the safety and success of probing to treat congenital NLDO and see if it results in better treatment success than waiting to see if the blockage clears on its own. What are the main results of the review?   This review included two studies including 303 eyes in 242 children. Both studies compared immediate probing versus regular observation to see if the blockage resolved on its own. The first study looked at children with blockage in one or both eyes. In children with only one affected eye, immediate probing was more successful in treating NLDO at six months. In children with blockage in both eyes, it was unclear whether immediate probing was more effective than observation (and delayed probing if the blockage did not resolve on its own). The second study found that children who received probing immediately were cured by one to three months after the procedure more often than the children who had observation and waited to probe. This may indicate that immediate probing is a better option than waiting for babies with NLDO. This review included two studies that were conducted differently, so it's not definitive whether probing is more successful than waiting. There did not appear to be an inherent risk in using probing to treat NLDO, however the studies were small and may not have identified potentially rare side effects. The cost of probing might be less, but it depends on whether the baby needs antibiotics after treatment. More studies are needed to assess the comparative safety and effectiveness of probing as a treatment option for children with congenital NLDO. How up‐to‐date is this review?   Cochrane review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 30 August 2016.
Interventions for treating genital   Chlamydia trachomatis infection in pregnancy; Abstract - Background Genital  Chlamydia trachomatis  ( C.trachomatis ) infection may lead to pregnancy complications such as miscarriage, preterm labour, low birthweight, preterm rupture of membranes, increased perinatal mortality, postpartum endometritis, chlamydial conjunctivitis and  C.trachomatis  pneumonia.This review supersedes a previous review on this topic. Objectives To establish the most efficacious and best‐tolerated therapy for treatment of genital chlamydial infection in preventing maternal infection and adverse neonatal outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (26 June 2017) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) as well as studies published in abstract form assessing interventions for treating genital  C.trachomatis  infection in pregnancy. Cluster‐RCTs were also eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Quasi‐randomised trials and trials using cross‐over design are not eligible for inclusion in this review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, assessed trial quality and extracted the data using the agreed form. Data were checked for accuracy. Evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 15 trials (involving 1754 women) although our meta‐analyses were based on fewer numbers of studies/women. All of the included studies were undertaken in North America from 1982 to 2001. Two studies were low risk of bias in all domains, all other studies had varying risk of bias. Four other studies were excluded and one study is ongoing. Eight comparisons were included in this review; three compared antibiotic (erythromycin, clindamycin, amoxicillin) versus placebo; five compared an antibiotic versus another antibiotic (erythromycin, clindamycin, amoxicillin, azithromycin). No study reported different antibiotic regimens. Microbiological cure (primary outcome) Antibiotics versus placebo:  Erythromycin (average risk ratio (RR) 2.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.60 to 4.38; two trials, 495 women; I 2  = 68%;  moderate‐certainty evidence ), and clindamycin (RR 4.08, 95% CI 2.35 to 7.08; one trial, 85 women; low‐certainty evidence ) were associated with improved microbiological cure compared to a placebo control. In one very small trial comparing amoxicillin and placebo, the results were unclear, but the evidence was graded  very low  (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.59 to 6.79; 15 women). One antibiotic versus another antibiotic:  Amoxicillin made little or no difference in microbiological cure in comparison to erythromycin (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.01; four trials, 466 women;  high‐certainty evidence ), probably no difference compared to clindamycin (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.04; one trial, 101 women;  moderate‐quality evidence ), and evidence is  very low certainty  when compared to azithromycin so the effect is not certain (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.12; two trials, 144 women;  very low‐certainty evidence ). Azithromycin versus erythromycin (average RR 1.11, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.23; six trials, 374 women; I 2  = 53%;  moderate‐certainty evidenc e) probably have similar efficacy though results appear to favour azithromycin. Clindamycin versus erythromycin (RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.15; two trials, 173 women;  low‐certainty evidence ) may have similar numbers of women with a microbiological cure between groups. Evidence was downgraded for design limitations, inconsistency, and imprecision in effect estimates. Side effects of the treatment (maternal) (secondary outcome) Antibiotics versus placebo:  side effects including nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain, were reported in two studies (495 women) but there was no clear evidence whether erythromycin was associated with more side effects than placebo and a high level of heterogeneity (I 2  = 78%) was observed (average RR 2.93, 95% CI 0.36 to 23.76). There was no clear difference in the number of women experiencing side effects when clindamycin was compared to placebo in one small study (5/41 versus 1/44) (RR 6.35, 95% CI 0.38 to 107.45, 62 women). The side effects reported were mostly gastrointestinal and also included resolving skin rashes. One antibiotic versus another antibiotic:  There was no clear difference in incidence of side effects (including nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea and abdominal pain) when amoxicillin was compared to azithromycin based on data from one small study (36 women) (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.31). However, amoxicillin was associated with fewer side effects compared to erythromycin with data from four trials (513 women) (RR 0.31, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.46; I 2  = 27%). Side effects included nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal cramping, rash, and allergic reaction. Both azithromycin (RR 0.24, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.34; six trials, 374 women) and clindamycin (RR 0.44, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.87; two trials, 183 women) were associated with a lower incidence of side effects compared to erythromycin. These side effects included nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea and abdominal cramping. One small study (101 women) reported there was no clear difference in the number of women with side effects when amoxicillin was compared with clindamycin (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.14 to 2.26; 107 women). The side effects reported included rash and gastrointestinal complaints. Other secondary outcomes Single trials reported data on repeated infections, preterm birth, preterm rupture of membranes, perinatal mortality and low birthweight and found no clear differences between treatments. Many of this review's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included studies. Authors' conclusions Treatment with antibacterial agents achieves microbiological cure from  C.trachomatis  infection during pregnancy. There was no apparent difference between assessed agents (amoxicillin, erythromycin, clindamycin, azithromycin) in terms of efficacy (microbiological cure and repeat infection) and pregnancy complications (preterm birth, preterm rupture of membranes, low birthweight). Azithromycin and clindamycin appear to result in fewer side effects than erythromycin. All of the studies in this review were conducted in North America, which may limit the generalisability of the results. In addition, study populations may differ in low‐resource settings and these results are therefore only applicable to well‐resourced settings. Furthermore, the trials in this review mainly took place in the nineties and early 2000's and antibiotic resistance may have changed since then. Further well‐designed studies, with appropriate sample sizes and set in a variety of settings, are required to further evaluate interventions for treating  C.trachomatis  infection in pregnancy and determine which agents achieve the best microbiological cure with the least side effects. Such studies could report on the outcomes listed in this review. Plain language summary Treatment of genital  Chlamydia trachomatis  infection in pregnancy What is the issue? This review aimed to assess whether the treatment of chlamydial infection during pregnancy cured the infection and prevented complications to the women and babies without causing side effects. This new review supersedes an earlier review on this topic. Why is this important? Chlamydia trachomatis  is a bacterial infection which is sexually transmitted. It is more common in younger women. Women may have the infection without knowing it. In pregnant women, genital  Chlamydia trachomatis  can cause pregnancy complications such as preterm labour, preterm birth, premature rupture of the membranes, low birthweight of infants, and infection in the uterus after giving birth. Babies who acquire  Chlamydia trachomatis  during birth can develop infection of the lungs and the eyes. Finding an effective treatment with minimal side effects is extremely important considering the complications that can occur with untreated  Chlamydia trachomatis  infection in pregnancy. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence (June 2017) and included 15 studies in the review. The studies had a mixed risk of bias and were of limited quality, often with small numbers of participants. Three studies compared antibiotics (erythromycin, clindamycin, and amoxicillin) with placebo. The other studies compared different antibiotics with each other. All of the studies reported on curing chlamydia, based on the elimination of the bacteria, with an antibiotic. Erythromycin (moderate‐quality evidence from two studies, 495 women) and clindamycin (low‐quality evidence from one study, 85 women) appeared to be more effective than placebo. The quality of the evidence for amoxicillin versus placebo (one study 15 women) was very low so we cannot be certain of the results. When comparing different antibiotics with each other, no one antibiotic was substantially better than another at curing chlamydia in the studies that we examined: amoxicillin versus azithromycin (very low‐quality evidence from two studies, 144 women), amoxicillin versus erythromycin (high‐quality evidence from four studies, 466 women), azithromycin versus erythromycin (moderate‐quality evidence from six studies, 374 women), clindamycin versus erythromycin (low‐quality evidence from two studies, 173 women), amoxicillin versus clindamycin (moderate‐quality evidence from one study, 101 women). Only single trials assessed repeated infections, preterm birth, preterm rupture of membranes, perinatal mortality and low birthweight and found there were no clear differences between the different types of antibiotics examined. Side effects were more common with erythromycin (two studies, 495 women) and clindamycin (one study, 85 women) than with placebo. Amoxicillin resulted in fewer side effects than azithromycin (one study, 36 women) or erythromycin (four studies, 513 women), and azithromycin caused fewer side effects than erythromycin (six studies, 374 women). Amoxicillin and clindamycin produced a similar number of side effects in one study (107 women). What does this mean? Treatment of chlamydia infection with antibiotics appears to be effective during pregnancy. There is no clear difference between amoxicillin, erythromycin, clindamycin, azithromycin in curing the infection or preterm birth, preterm rupture of membranes, and low birthweight. Azithromycin and clindamycin appear to result in fewer side effects than erythromycin. The included studies were all carried out in North America. Chlamydia testing remains a problem in low‐resource settings because of its costs. We conclude that well‐designed studies of appropriate sample size, in different settings, are needed to further assess the effects of treatment of chlamydia infection in pregnancy. Resistance to the tested antibiotics could have changed since the studies included in this review were conducted. In particular, future research could report on the outcomes of focus in this review and target those antibiotics, such as amoxicillin and clindamycin, which may be effective in curing chlamydia with the least side effects.
Oral steroids for nasal polyps; Reason for withdrawal from publication Review withdrawn from Issue 4, 2016. Replaced by new reviews 'Short‐course oral steroids alone for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Head 2016a) and 'Short‐course oral steroids as an adjunct therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Head 2016b). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Probiotics for treatment of Clostridium difficile‐associated colitis in adults; Abstract - Background Probiotics are live microorganisms consisting of non‐pathogenic yeast and bacteria that are believed to restore the microbial balance of the gastrointestinal tract altered by infection with  Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) . Objectives To assess the efficacy of probiotics in the treatment of antibiotic associated  C. difficile  colitis. Search methods The databases MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Cochrane IBD/FBD Specialized Trials register were searched to locate all published reports from 1966 to 2007. Selection criteria Randomized, prospective studies using probiotics alone or in conjunction with conventional antibiotics for the treatment of documented  C. difficile  colitis were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Data extraction and analysis was done independently by two authors. Main results Four studies met the inclusion criteria and were included in the review. The four studies examined the use of probiotics in conjunction with conventional antibiotics (vancomycin or metronidazole) for the treatment of recurrence or an initial episode of  C. difficile  colitis in adults. The studies were small in size and had methodological problems. A statistically significant benefit for probiotics combined with antibiotics was found in one study. McFarland 1994 found that patients receiving  S. boulardii  were significantly less likely than patients receiving placebo to experience recurrence of  C. difficile  diarrhea (RR 0.59; 95% CI 0.35 to 0.98). No benefit of probiotics treatment was found in the other studies. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to recommend probiotic therapy as an adjunct to antibiotic therapy for  C. difficile  colitis. There is no evidence to support the use of probiotics alone in the treatment of  C. difficile  colitis. Plain language summary Probiotics for treatment of  Clostridium difficile ‐ associated colitis in adults Clostridium difficile (C. difficile)  is a bacterium that attaches itself to the gut wall and is responsible for causing severe diarrhea and sometimes death in patients who have undergone antibiotic therapy for unrelated diseases. Antibiotics tend to wipe out the "good" or protective bacteria in the gut which allows colonization with  C. difficile . Probiotics are bacteria and yeasts that resemble the protective bacteria of the gut and have been used in several studies to treat  C. difficile  infection. Unfortunately, these small studies do not provide enough evidence to support the use of probiotics for treating  C. difficile  infection.
Fetal manipulation for facilitating tests of fetal wellbeing; Abstract - Background Manual fetal manipulation has been suggested to improve the efficiency of antepartum fetal heart rate testing. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the merits or adverse effects of the use of manual fetal manipulation in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2013). Selection criteria All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials assessing the use of fetal manipulation versus mock stimulation, no stimulation or other types of stimulation, used in conjunction with cardiotocography or other tests of fetal wellbeing. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, assessed trial quality and extracted data. Data were checked for accuracy. We contacted authors of published and unpublished trials for further information. Main results We included four trials with a total of 1280 women with 2670 episodes of participation. No trial was at low risk of bias for all domains and only two trials were at low risk of bias for both selection and attrition bias. Fetal manual manipulation decreased the incidence of non‐reactive antenatal cardiotocography test compared to mock or no stimulation. However, this was not statistically significant (average risk ratio (RR) 0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02 to 6.20, I² = 96%; two trials, N = 2350). There was also no significant reduction in the mean testing time to achieve a reactive result (mean difference ‐2.29 minutes, 95% CI ‐9.61 minutes to 5.03 minutes, I² = 97%; two trials, N = 560). Comparing fetal manual manipulation with vibroacoustic stimulation, there was no significant difference in the incidence of non‐reactive cardiotocography or the need for contraction‐stress test. There were no data available on other outcomes such as perinatal mortality, fetal distress, maternal anxiety and gestation at delivery. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to support the use of manual fetal manipulation during cardiotocography or other tests of fetal wellbeing. More studies of manual fetal manipulation that utilises standardised protocol should be encouraged. Plain language summary Fetal manipulation for facilitating tests of fetal wellbeing There is some evidence that manual fetal manipulation of unborn babies make tests of their wellbeing more effective. Tests on unborn babies such as ultrasound and heart rate testing are carried out to check their wellbeing. As a baby's sleep periods can alter those results, various methods are used to wake the baby. Manual fetal manipulation is one of the methods. The review of trials suggests that this method could improve the efficiency of antepartum fetal heart rate testing. Research on manual fetal manipulation should take into consideration the different stimulation protocols.
Surgical approach to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease; Abstract - Background Currently, there are five major approaches to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease: abdominal hysterectomy (AH), vaginal hysterectomy (VH), laparoscopic hysterectomy (LH), robotic‐assisted hysterectomy (RH) and vaginal natural orifice hysterectomy (V‐NOTES). Within the LH category we further differentiate the laparoscopic‐assisted vaginal hysterectomy (LAVH) from the total laparoscopic hysterectomy (TLH) and single‐port laparoscopic hysterectomy (SP‐LH). Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of different surgical approaches to hysterectomy for women with benign gynaecological conditions. Search methods We searched the following databases (from their inception to December 2022): the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Specialised Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL and PsycINFO. We also searched the trial registries and relevant reference lists, and communicated with experts in the field for any additional trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which clinical outcomes were compared between one surgical approach to hysterectomy and another. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently selected trials, assessed risk of bias and performed data extraction. Our primary outcomes were return to normal activities, satisfaction and quality of life, intraoperative visceral injury and major long‐term complications (i.e. fistula, pelvic‐abdominal pain, urinary dysfunction, bowel dysfunction, pelvic floor condition and sexual dysfunction). Main results We included 63 studies with 6811 women. The evidence for most comparisons was of low or moderate certainty. The main limitations were poor reporting and imprecision. Vaginal hysterectomy (VH) versus abdominal hysterectomy (AH) (12 RCTs, 1046 women) Return to normal activities was probably faster in the VH group (mean difference (MD) ‐10.91 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐17.95 to ‐3.87; 4 RCTs, 274 women; I 2  = 67%; moderate‐certainty evidence). This suggests that if the return to normal activities after AH is assumed to be 42 days, then after VH it would be between 24 and 38 days. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for the other primary outcomes. Laparoscopic hysterectomy (LH) versus AH (28 RCTs, 3431 women) Return to normal activities may be sooner in the LH group (MD ‐13.01 days, 95% CI ‐16.47 to ‐9.56; 7 RCTs, 618 women; I 2  = 68%, low‐certainty evidence), but there may be more urinary tract injuries in the LH group (odds ratio (OR) 2.16, 95% CI 1.19 to 3.93; 18 RCTs, 2594 women; I 2  = 0%; moderate‐certainty evidence). This suggests that if the return to normal activities after abdominal hysterectomy is assumed to be 37 days, then after laparoscopic hysterectomy it would be between 22 and 25 days. It also suggests that if the rate of ureter injury during abdominal hysterectomy is assumed to be 0.2%, then during laparoscopic hysterectomy it would be between 0.2% and 2%. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for the other primary outcomes. LH versus VH (22 RCTs, 2135 women) We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for any of our primary outcomes. Both short‐ and long‐term complications were rare in both groups. Robotic‐assisted hysterectomy (RH) versus LH (three RCTs, 296 women) None of the studies reported satisfaction rates or quality of life. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for our other primary outcomes. Single‐port laparoscopic hysterectomy (SP‐LH) versus LH (seven RCTs, 621 women) None of the studies reported satisfaction rates, quality of life or major long‐term complications. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for rates of intraoperative visceral injury. Total laparoscopic hysterectomy (TLH) versus laparoscopic‐assisted vaginal hysterectomy (LAVH) (three RCTs, 233 women) None of the studies reported satisfaction rates or quality of life. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for rates of intraoperative visceral injury or major long‐term complications. Transvaginal natural orifice transluminal endoscopic surgery (V‐NOTES) versus LH (two RCTs, 96 women) We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for rates of bladder injury. Our other primary outcomes were not reported. Overall, adverse events were rare in the included studies. Authors' conclusions Among women undergoing hysterectomy for benign disease, VH appears to be superior to AH. When technically feasible, VH should be performed in preference to AH because it is associated with faster return to normal activities, fewer wound/abdominal wall infections and shorter hospital stay. Where VH is not possible, LH has advantages over AH including faster return to normal activities, shorter hospital stay, and decreased risk of wound/abdominal wall infection, febrile episodes or unspecified infection, and transfusion. These advantages must be balanced against the increased risk of ureteric injury and longer operative time. When compared to LH, VH was associated with no difference in time to return to normal activities but shorter operative time and shorter hospital stay. RH and V‐NOTES require further evaluation since there is a lack of evidence of any patient benefit over conventional LH. Overall, the evidence in this review has to be interpreted with caution as adverse event rates were low, resulting in low power for these comparisons. The surgical approach to hysterectomy should be discussed with the patient and decided in the light of the relative benefits and hazards. Surgical expertise is difficult to quantify and poorly reported in the available studies and this may influence outcomes in ways that cannot be accounted for in this review. In conclusion, when VH is not feasible, LH has multiple advantages over AH, but at the cost of more ureteric injuries. Evidence is limited for RH and V‐NOTES. Plain language summary Surgical approach to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological diseases Review question We evaluated which is the most effective and safe surgery for hysterectomy in women with benign gynaecological disease. Background Hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease, mostly abnormal uterine bleeding, prolapse or uterine fibroids, is one of the most frequent gynaecological procedures (30% of women by the age of 60; 590,000 procedures annually in the USA). It can be performed through several approaches. Abdominal hysterectomy involves removal of the uterus through an incision in the lower abdomen. Vaginal hysterectomy involves removal of the uterus via the vagina, without an abdominal incision. Laparoscopic hysterectomy involves 'keyhole surgery' through small incisions in the abdomen. The uterus may be removed vaginally or, after morcellation (cutting it up), through one of the small incisions. There are various types of laparoscopic hysterectomy, depending on the extent of the surgery performed laparoscopically compared to that performed vaginally. More recently, laparoscopic hysterectomy has been performed robotically. In robotic surgery, the operation is done by a robot, while the (human) surgeon steers the robot from a chair in the corner of the operating room. Even more recently, laparoscopic instruments have been used through incisions in the vagina to perform hysterectomy (vaginal natural orifice hysterectomy or V‐NOTES). It is important to be well‐informed about the relative benefits and harms of each approach to make the best informed choices for each woman needing hysterectomy for benign disease. Study characteristics We analysed 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). An RCT is a type of study in which the people being studied are randomly allocated one or other of the different treatments being investigated. This type of study is usually the best way to evaluate whether a treatment is truly effective, i.e. truly helps the patient. A systematic review systematically summarises the available RCTs on a subject. A total of 6811 women participated in the studies. The studies compared vaginal versus abdominal hysterectomy (12 trials, 1046 women), laparoscopic versus abdominal hysterectomy (28 trials, 3431 women), laparoscopic versus vaginal hysterectomy (22 trials, 2135 women), laparoscopic versus robot‐assisted hysterectomy (three trials, 296 women) and laparoscopic versus transvaginal natural orifice transluminal endoscopic surgery (two trials, 96 women). There were also studies included in which different types of laparoscopic hysterectomies were compared, including single‐port versus multi‐port (seven trials, 613 women) and total laparoscopic hysterectomy versus laparoscopic‐assisted vaginal hysterectomy (three trials, 233 women). The main outcomes were return to normal activities, satisfaction, quality of life and surgical complications. Key results We found that vaginal hysterectomy probably results in a quicker return to normal activities than abdominal hysterectomy. If the return to normal activities after abdominal hysterectomy is assumed to be 42 days, then after vaginal hysterectomy it would be between 24 and 38 days. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between the groups for the other main outcomes. However, non‐numerical data may suggest improved quality of life after vaginal hysterectomy compared to abdominal hysterectomy. Laparoscopic hysterectomy also probably results in a quicker return to normal activities than abdominal hysterectomy. Based on our findings, if the return to normal activities after abdominal hysterectomy is assumed to be 37 days, after laparoscopic hysterectomy it would be between 22 and 25 days. However, laparoscopic hysterectomies are likely associated with greater risk of damaging the ureter (tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder). If the rate of ureter injury during abdominal hysterectomy is assumed to be 0%, then during laparoscopic hysterectomy it would be between 0% and 2%. We are uncertain whether there is a difference between laparoscopic and vaginal hysterectomy, between laparoscopic and robot‐assisted hysterectomy, or between laparoscopic and natural orifice surgery for our main outcomes. Many studies did not include information about patient satisfaction or quality of life. We conclude that vaginal hysterectomy should be performed whenever possible. Where vaginal hysterectomy is not possible, the laparoscopic approach has advantages over abdominal hysterectomy but greater risk of ureter injury. These pros and cons should be incorporated in the decision‐making process with the patient. The evidence is current to December 2022. Certainty of the evidence We had low or moderate confidence in the evidence for most of the comparisons. The main limitations were poor reporting of study methods and the evidence being based on few cases of the condition/type of event.
Saline irrigation for allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a common condition affecting both adults and children. Patients experience symptoms of nasal obstruction, rhinorrhoea, sneezing and nasal itching, which may affect their quality of life. Nasal irrigation with saline (salty water), also known as nasal douching, washing or lavage, is a procedure that rinses the nasal cavity with isotonic or hypertonic saline solutions. It can be performed with low positive pressure from a spray, pump or squirt bottle, with a nebuliser or with gravity‐based pressure in which the person instils saline into one nostril and allows it to drain out of the other. Saline solutions are available over the counter and can be used alone or as an adjunct to other therapies. Objectives To evaluate the effects of nasal saline irrigation in people with allergic rhinitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register; CENTRAL; Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 23 November 2017. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing nasal saline irrigation, delivered by any means and with any volume, tonicity and alkalinity, with (a) no nasal saline irrigation or (b) other pharmacological treatments in adults and children with allergic rhinitis. We included studies comparing nasal saline versus no saline, where all participants also received pharmacological treatment (intranasal corticosteroids or oral antihistamines). Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcomes were patient‐reported disease severity and a common adverse effect ‐ epistaxis. Secondary outcomes were disease‐specific health‐related quality of life (HRQL), individual symptom scores, general HRQL, the adverse effects of local irritation or discomfort, ear symptoms (pain or pressure) and nasal endoscopy scores. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included 14 studies (747 participants). The studies included children (seven studies, 499 participants) and adults (seven studies, 248 participants). No studies reported outcomes beyond three months follow‐up. Saline volumes ranged from 'very low' to 'high' volume. Where stated, studies used either hypertonic or isotonic saline solution. Nasal saline  versus  no saline treatment All seven studies (112 adults; 332 children) evaluating this comparison used different scoring systems for  patient‐reported disease severity , so we pooled the data using the standardised mean difference (SMD). Saline irrigation may improve patient‐reported disease severity compared with no saline at up to four weeks (SMD ‐1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.84 to ‐0.81; 407 participants; 6 studies;  low quality ) and between four weeks and three months (SMD ‐1.44, 95% CI ‐2.39 to ‐0.48; 167 participants; 5 studies;  low quality ). Although the evidence was  low quality  the SMD values at both time points are considered large effect sizes. Subgroup analysis showed the improvement in both adults and children. Subgroup analyses for volume and tonicity were inconclusive due to heterogeneity. Two studies reported methods for recording adverse effects and five studies mentioned them. Two studies (240 children) reported no  adverse effects  (epistaxis or local discomfort) in either group and three only reported no adverse effects in the saline group. One study (48 children) reported  disease‐specific HRQL  using a modified RCQ‐36 scale. It was uncertain whether there was a difference between the groups at any of the specified time points ( very low quality ). No other secondary outcomes were reported. Nasal saline  versus  no saline with adjuvant use of intranasal steroids or oral antihistamines Three studies (40 adults; 79 children) compared saline with intranasal steroids versus intranasal steroids alone; one study (14 adults) compared saline with oral antihistamines versus oral antihistamines alone. It is uncertain if there is a difference in  patient‐reported disease severity  at up to four weeks (SMD ‐0.60, 95% CI ‐1.34 to 0.15; 32 participants; 2 studies;  very low quality ) or from four weeks to three months (SMD ‐0.32, 95% CI ‐0.85 to 0.21; 58 participants; 2 studies;  very low quality ). Although none of the studies reported methods for recording  adverse effects , three mentioned them: one study (40 adults; adjuvant intranasal steroids) reported no  adverse effects  (epistaxis or local discomfort) in either group; the other two only reported no adverse effects in the saline group. It is uncertain if saline irrigation in addition to pharmacological treatment improved  disease‐specific HRQL  at four weeks to three months, compared with pharmacological treatment alone (SMD ‐1.26, 95% CI ‐2.47 to ‐0.05; 54 participants; 2 studies;  very low quality ). No other secondary outcomes were reported. Nasal saline  versus  intranasal steroids It is uncertain if there was a difference in  patient‐reported disease severity  between nasal saline and intranasal steroids at up to four weeks (MD 1.06, 95% CI ‐1.65 to 3.77; 14 participants; 1 study), or between four weeks and three months (SMD 1.26, 95% CI ‐0.92 to 3.43; 97 participants; 3 studies), or in disease‐specific HRQL  between four weeks and three months (SMD 0.01, 95% CI ‐0.73 to 0.75; 83 participants; 2 studies). Only one study reported methods for recording  adverse effects  although three studies mentioned them. One (21 participants) reported two withdrawals due to adverse effects but did not describe these or state which group. Three studies reported no  adverse effects  (epistaxis or local discomfort) with saline, although one study reported that 27% of participants experienced local discomfort with steroid use. No other secondary outcomes were reported. Authors' conclusions Saline irrigation may reduce patient‐reported disease severity compared with no saline irrigation at up to three months in both adults and children with allergic rhinitis, with no reported adverse effects. No data were available for any outcomes beyond three months. The overall quality of evidence was  low  or  very low.  The included studies were generally small and used a range of different outcome measures to report disease severity scores, with unclear validation. This review did not include direct comparisons of saline types (e.g. different volume, tonicity). Since saline irrigation could provide a cheap, safe and acceptable alternative to intranasal steroids and antihistamines further high‐quality, adequately powered research in this area is warranted. Plain language summary Nasal saline for allergic rhinitis Background Allergic rhinitis is inflammation (swelling and/or irritation) of the inside of the nose caused by allergies. It is common in both children and adults. Allergic rhinitis can be intermittent (fewer than four days per week, or four weeks per year) or persistent (more than four days per week, or four weeks per year). The allergy can be caused by many different things but common allergens (things causing allergy) are: grass or tree pollen, mould, dust mites or animal dander (tiny flakes of skin). People with allergic rhinitis experience symptoms (nasal obstruction, runny nose, nasal itching and sneezing) that may affect their quality of life. Nasal saline irrigation (also known as nasal douche, wash or lavage) is a procedure that rinses the nasal cavity with saline (salt water) solutions. How saline works is not fully understood but it is probably through making the mucus (snot) thinner, making it easier to remove and also removing some of the allergens from the nose that cause irritation. Nasal saline irrigation can be performed with sprays, pumps or squirt bottles. Saline solutions can be isotonic (the same concentration of salt that is found in the body ‐ 0.9% NaCl) or hypertonic (more salty than found in the body ‐ more than 0.9% NaCl). Although saline irrigation is thought to be safe there have been reports of epistaxis (nosebleeds) and irritation or discomfort in the nose and ears. This therapy is available without prescription and can be used alone or as an add‐on to other pharmacological treatment for allergic rhinitis, such as intranasal (in the nose) steroids and oral antihistamines). Search date The evidence is up to date to November 2017. Study characteristics We found 14 studies with a total of 747 participants (260 adults; 487 children). The volume of saline used in the studies varied: five studies used 'very low' volumes (nasal sprays providing less than 5 mL saline per nostril per application), two studies used low‐volume (between 5 and 59 mL saline per nostril per application introduced with a syringe) and four studies used high‐volume solutions (more than 60 mL per nostril per application). Eight studies used hypertonic saline, five used isotonic saline and three studies did not provide this information. Two studies used two different types of saline solutions. Study funding sources Seven studies did not say how they were funded. The other seven were funded either by the investigators' department or research grants from regional or national government. No studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies. Key results Nasal saline irrigation compared with no saline irrigation Nasal saline irrigation may have benefits in both adults and children in relieving the symptoms of allergic rhinitis compared to no saline irrigation and it is unlikely to be associated with adverse effects. It is not possible to tell from this review whether there is a difference between the different volumes and concentrations of saline solution. Adding nasal saline irrigation onto 'pharmacological' allergic rhinitis treatment It is uncertain whether adding nasal saline irrigation to pharmacological treatment (intranasal steroids or oral antihistamines) helps to improve the symptoms of allergic rhinitis compared to using pharmacological treatments alone. The use of nasal saline irrigation is unlikely to be associated with adverse effects. Nasal saline irrigation compared to 'pharmacological' allergic rhinitis treatment There is not enough evidence to know whether nasal saline irrigation is better, worse or the same as using intranasal steroids. No studies reporting the outcomes we were interested in compared nasal saline irrigation with oral antihistamines. Quality of evidence The overall quality of evidence for nasal saline irrigation compared with no saline treatment was either low quality  (our confidence in the effect estimate is limited: the true effect may be substantially different from the estimate of the effect) or  very low quality  (we have very little confidence in the effect estimate: the true effect is likely to be substantially different from the estimate of effect). This was because the studies were mostly very small and used different methods to measure the same outcome. Since saline irrigation could provide a cheap, safe and acceptable alternative to intranasal steroids and antihistamines further high‐quality studies are needed.
Yellow fever vaccine for patients with HIV infection; Abstract - Background Yellow fever (YF) is an acute viral haemorrhagic disease prevalent in tropical Africa and Latin America. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that there are 200,000 cases of YF and 30,000 deaths worldwide annually. Treatment for YF is supportive, but a live attenuated virus vaccine is effective for preventing infection. WHO recommends immunisation for all individuals  >  9 months living in countries or areas at risk. However, the United States Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) advises that YF vaccine is contraindicated in individuals with HIV. Given the large populations of HIV‐infected individuals living in tropical areas where YF is endemic, YF vaccine may be an important intervention for preventing YF in immunocompromised populations. Objectives To assess the risk and benefits of YF immunisation for people infected with HIV. Search methods We used standard Cochrane methods to search electronic databases and conference proceedings with relevant search terms without limits to language. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and cohort studies of individuals with HIV infection who received YF vaccine (17DD or 17D‐204). Data collection and analysis Two authors screened abstracts of references identified by electronic or bibliographic searches according to inclusion and exclusion criteria as detailed in the protocol. We identified 199 references and examined 19 in detail for study eligibility. Data were abstracted independently using a standardised abstraction form. Main results Three cohort studies were included in the review. They examined 484 patients with HIV infection who received YF immunisation. Patients with HIV infection developed significantly lower concentrations of neutralising antibodies in the first year post immunisation compared to uninfected patients, though decay patterns were similar for recipients regardless of HIV infection. No study patient with HIV infection suffered serious adverse events as a result of YF vaccination. Authors' conclusions YF vaccination can produce protective levels of neutralising antibodies in HIV patients. Immunogenicity of YF vaccine is slightly less in HIV‐infected patients compared to HIV‐uninfected patients. No serious adverse events related to YF vaccine were observed in HIV‐infected study participants. At time of immunisation, higher CD4 cell counts and lower HIV RNA levels in patients with HIV infection seem to be key determinants for development of protective titres of neutralising antibodies. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was low to very low. YF vaccine may potentially be used safely in HIV‐infected patients, although our conclusions are limited by small numbers of patients who have been reported. To assure maximum effectiveness YF vaccine should be given to HIV‐infected patients after HIV replication has been suppressed. Plain language summary Yellow fever vaccine for patients with HIV infection In the United States of America, current guidelines do not recommend YF vaccine for individuals with HIV infection or AIDS; these recommendations, however, are targeted mostly at travellers to the parts of Latin America and Africa where YF occurs and who have the option of not going. For HIV‐infected patients living in these areas where exposure is inevitable, it is important to weigh the risks of vaccination against the risk of developing YF. There are no known medicines for YF, further highlighting the importance of vaccine. The purpose of this review was to assess the risks and benefits of YF vaccine for people living with HIV. We found three cohort studies that addressed this question. One study in children, from a time before effective widespread use of antiretroviral drugs, found that YF vaccine worked much less well in children with HIV than it did in those without HIV. Two studies in adults found that the immune response to yellow fever vaccine was slightly lower in HIV‐infected patients. No severe adverse events were observed in patients in these studies. However, because the numbers of people with HIV who have received YF vaccine is small, and serious side effects are uncommon in people without HIV infection, we are not positive about its safety. When it does need to be used, it should be given to people whose viral loads are low and CD4 counts are high.
Interventions for reducing inflammation in familial Mediterranean fever; Abstract - Background Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF), a hereditary auto‐inflammatory disease, mainly affects ethnic groups living in the Mediterranean region. Early studies reported colchicine may potentially prevent FMF attacks. For people who are colchicine‐resistant or intolerant, drugs such as anakinra, rilonacept, canakinumab, etanercept, infliximab or adalimumab might be beneficial. This is an update of the review last published in 2018. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of interventions for reducing inflammation in people with FMF. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and four Chinese databases on in August 2021. We searched clinical trials registries and references listed in relevant reports. The last search was 17 August 2021. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of people with FMF, comparing active interventions (including colchicine, anakinra, rilonacept, canakinumab, etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, thalidomide, tocilizumab, interferon‐α and ImmunoGuard (herbal dietary supplement)) with placebo or no treatment, or comparing active drugs to each other. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology. We assessed certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 10 RCTs with 312 participants (aged three to 53 years), including five parallel and five cross‐over designed studies. Six studies used oral colchicine, one used oral ImmunoGuard, and the remaining three used rilonacept, anakinra or canakinumab as a subcutaneous injection. The duration of each study arm ranged from one to eight months. There were inadequacies in the design of the four older colchicine studies and the two studies comparing a single to a divided dose of colchicine. However, the four studies of ImmunoGuard, rilonacept, anakinra and canakinumab were generally well‐designed.  We aimed to report on the number of participants experiencing an attack, the timing of attacks, the prevention of amyloid A amyloidosis, adverse drug reactions and the response of a number of biochemical markers from the acute phase of an attack; but no study reported on the prevention of amyloid A amyloidosis. Colchicine (oral) versus placebo After three months, colchicine 0.6 mg three times daily may reduce the number of people experiencing attacks (risk ratio (RR) 0.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05 to 0.95; 1 study, 10 participants; low‐certainty evidence). One study (20 participants) of colchicine 0.5 mg twice daily showed there may be no difference in the number of participants experiencing attacks at two months (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.49 to 1.23; low‐certainty evidence). There may be no differences in the duration of attacks (narrative summary; very low‐certainty evidence), or in the number of days between attacks: (narrative summary; very low‐certainty evidence). Regarding adverse drug reactions, one study reported loose stools and frequent bowel movements and a second reported diarrhea (narrative summary; both very low‐certainty evidence). There were no data on acute‐phase response. Rilonacept versus placebo There is probably no difference in the number of people experiencing attacks at three months (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.26; moderate‐certainty evidence).  There may be no differences in the duration of attacks (narrative summary; low‐certainty evidence) or in the number of days between attacks (narrative summary; low‐certainty evidence). Regarding adverse drug reactions, the rilonacept study reported there may be no differences in gastrointestinal symptoms, hypertension, headache, respiratory tract infections, injection site reactions and herpes, compared to placebo (narrative summary; low‐certainty evidence). The study narratively reported there may be no differences in acute‐phase response indicators after three months (low‐certainty evidence). ImmunoGuard versus placebo The ImmunoGuard study observed there are probably no differences in adverse effects (moderate‐certainty evidence) or in acute‐phase response indicators after one month of treatment (moderate‐certainty evidence). No data were reported for the number of people experiencing an attack, duration of attacks or days between attacks. Anakinra versus placebo A study of anakinra given to 25 colchicine‐resistant participants found there is probably no difference in the number of participants experiencing an attack at four months (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.07; moderate‐certainty evidence).  There were no data for duration of attacks or days between attacks. There are probably no differences between anakinra and placebo with regards to injection site reaction, headache, presyncope, dyspnea and itching (narrative summary; moderate‐certainty evidence). For acute‐phase response, anakinra probably reduced C‐reactive protein (CRP) after four months (narrative summary; moderate‐certainty evidence). Canakinumab versus placebo Canakinumab probably reduces the number of participants experiencing an attack at 16 weeks (RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.65; 1 study, 63 colchicine‐resistant participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There were no data for the duration of attacks or days between attacks. The included study reported the number of serious adverse events per 100 patient‐years was probably 42.7 with canakinumab versus 97.4 with placebo among people with colchicine‐resistant FMF (moderate‐certainty evidence). For acute‐phase response, canakinumab probably caused a higher proportion of participants to have a CRP level of 10 mg/L or less compared to placebo (68% with canakinumab versus 6% with placebo; 1 study, 63 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Colchicine single dose versus divided dose There is probably no difference in the duration of attacks at three months (MD −0.04 hours, 95% CI −10.91 to 10.83) or six months (MD 2.80 hours, 95% CI −5.39 to 10.99; moderate‐certainty evidence). There were no data for the number of participants experiencing an attack or days between attacks. There is probably no difference in adverse events (including anorexia, nausea, diarrhea, abdominal pain, vomiting and elevated liver enzymes) between groups (narrative summary; moderate‐certainty evidence). For acute‐phase response, there may be no evidence of a difference between groups (narrative summary; low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions There were limited RCTs assessing interventions for people with FMF. Based on the evidence, three times daily colchicine may reduce the number of people experiencing attacks, colchicine single dose and divided dose may not be different for children with FMF, canakinumab probably reduces the number of people experiencing attacks, and anakinra or canakinumab probably reduce CRP in colchicine‐resistant participants; however, only a few RCTs contributed data for analysis. Further RCTs examining active interventions, not only colchicine, are necessary before a comprehensive conclusion regarding the efficacy and safety of interventions for reducing inflammation in FMF can be drawn. Plain language summary Medicines for reducing inflammation in people with familial Mediterranean fever Review question Can treatments such as colchicine, anakinra, rilonacept, canakinumab, etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, thalidomide, tocilizumab, interferon‐α and ImmunoGuard (a herbal supplement)) reduce inflammation in people with familial Mediterranean fever (FMF)? Background FMF is a hereditary inflammatory disease, with symptoms of an attack often including fever over 38 °C, pain and inflammation of the membrane surrounding the chest cavity, the joints or the lungs. We wanted to discover whether these medicines were better for reducing inflammation for people with FMF than placebo (a dummy treatment containing no active medicine) or no treatment, and also to compare these medicines with each other. Search date The evidence is current to 17 August 2021. Study characteristics The review included 10 studies with 312 people with FMF aged between three and 53 years. Eight studies compared five medicines, colchicine, rilonacept, ImmunoGuard, anakinra and canakinumab, with placebo. Participants received one medicine or placebo at random over one to four months. The remaining two studies compared colchicine 1 mg per day once daily with colchicine two or three times daily in children for six to eight months. Key results We aimed to report on the number of participants experiencing an attack, the timing of attacks, prevention of amyloid A amyloidosis (which is a reaction to a chronic inflammatory disease or infection leading to a build‐up of an abnormal protein called amyloid in organs and tissues throughout the body stopping them working properly), and any side effects of treatment and the levels of a number of markers of inflammation during an attack. Not all studies reported these outcomes. Given the differences in treatments and study design, it was not possible to combine any of the results that we did obtain from these studies.  One study (15 participants) with oral colchicine 0.6 mg three times a day and another study (63 participants) with subcutaneous (under the skin) canakinumab 150 mg every four weeks for 16 weeks may help to reduce the numbers of people with attacks of FMF. However, oral colchicine 0.5 mg twice a day (20 participants), rilonacept (14 participants) or anakinra (25 participants) did not reduce the numbers of people with attacks. ImmunoGuard (24 participants) did not reduce levels of the markers of inflammation in the blood which are raised during the attack phase of FMF; these include the rate of fall of red blood cells when placed in a test tube, the white blood cell count and the presence of C‐reactive protein (a protein that is produced in the liver). Anakinra and canakinumab reduced C‐reactive protein levels. Colchicine taken once daily and two or three times daily might not result in different outcomes including the timing of attacks, sider effects of the medicine and acute‐phase response indicators. Quality of the evidence Four studies were well‐designed, while the others had some design problems that might have affected the results. Four studies did not report clearly how the people were assigned to each treatment group. Four studies did not report whether researchers, who assessed the study outcomes, knew which individuals were assigned to which treatment. Four studies did not clearly explain the reasons for people withdrawing from a study and one study had a high percentage of participants who did not complete study. We could not confirm whether each planned outcome was reported in five studies. Five studies did not report the severity of FMF in groups at the beginning of treatment. We judged the evidence for the reported outcomes to be of moderate to very low quality.
Rapid diagnostic tests for typhoid and paratyphoid (enteric) fever; Abstract - Background Differentiating both typhoid ( Salmonella  Typhi) and paratyphoid ( Salmonella  Paratyphi A) infection from other causes of fever in endemic areas is a diagnostic challenge. Although commercial point‐of‐care rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) for enteric fever are available as alternatives to the current reference standard test of blood or bone marrow culture, or to the widely used Widal Test, their diagnostic accuracy is unclear. If accurate, they could potentially replace blood culture as the World Health Organization (WHO)‐recommended main diagnostic test for enteric fever. Objectives To assess the diagnostic accuracy of commercially available rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) and prototypes for detecting  Salmonella  Typhi or Paratyphi A infection in symptomatic persons living in endemic areas. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, MEDLINE, Embase, Science Citation Index, IndMED, African Index Medicus, LILACS, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) up to 4 March 2016. We manually searched WHO reports, and papers from international conferences on  Salmonella  infections. We also contacted test manufacturers to identify studies. Selection criteria We included diagnostic accuracy studies of enteric fever RDTs in patients with fever or with symptoms suggestive of enteric fever living in endemic areas. We classified the reference standard used as either Grade 1 (result from a blood culture and a bone marrow culture) or Grade 2 (result from blood culture and blood polymerase chain reaction, or from blood culture alone). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted the test result data. We used a modified QUADAS‐2 extraction form to assess methodological quality. We performed a meta‐analysis when there were sufficient studies for the test and heterogeneity was reasonable. Main results Thirty‐seven studies met the inclusion criteria and included a total of 5080 participants (range 50 to 1732). Enteric fever prevalence rates in the study populations ranged from 1% to 75% (median prevalence 24%, interquartile range (IQR) 11% to 46%). The included studies evaluated 16 different RDTs, and 16 studies compared two or more different RDTs. Only three studies used the Grade 1 reference standard, and only 11 studies recruited unselected febrile patients. Most included studies were from Asia, with five studies from sub‐Saharan Africa. All of the RDTs were designed to detect  S. Typhi infection only. Most studies evaluated three RDTs and their variants: TUBEX in 14 studies; Typhidot (Typhidot, Typhidot‐M, and TyphiRapid‐Tr02) in 22 studies; and the Test‐It Typhoid immunochromatographic lateral flow assay, and its earlier prototypes (dipstick, latex agglutination) developed by the Royal Tropical Institute, Amsterdam (KIT) in nine studies. Meta‐analyses showed an average sensitivity of 78% (95% confidence interval (CI) 71% to 85%) and specificity of 87% (95% CI 82% to 91%) for TUBEX; and an average sensitivity of 69% (95% CI 59% to 78%) and specificity of 90% (95% CI 78% to 93%) for all Test‐It Typhoid and prototype tests (KIT). Across all forms of the Typhidot test, the average sensitivity was 84% (95% CI 73% to 91%) and specificity was 79% (95% CI 70% to 87%). When we based the analysis on the 13 studies of the Typhidot test that either reported indeterminate test results or where the test format means there are no indeterminate results, the average sensitivity was 78% (95% CI 65% to 87%) and specificity was 77% (95% CI 66% to 86%). We did not identify any difference in either sensitivity or specificity between TUBEX, Typhidot, and Test‐it Typhoid tests when based on comparison to the 13 Typhidot studies where indeterminate results are either reported or not applicable. If TUBEX and Test‐it Typhoid are compared to all Typhidot studies, the sensitivity of Typhidot was higher than Test‐it Typhoid (15% (95% CI 2% to 28%), but other comparisons did not show a difference at the 95% level of CIs. In a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients presenting with fever where 30% (300 patients) have enteric fever, on average Typhidot tests reporting indeterminate results or where tests do not produce indeterminate results will miss the diagnosis in 66 patients with enteric fever, TUBEX will miss 66, and Test‐It Typhoid and prototype (KIT) tests will miss 93. In the 700 people without enteric fever, the number of people incorrectly diagnosed with enteric fever would be 161 with Typhidot tests, 91 with TUBEX, and 70 with Test‐It Typhoid and prototype (KIT) tests. The CIs around these estimates were wide, with no difference in false positive results shown between tests. The quality of the data for each study was evaluated using a standardized checklist called QUADAS‐2. Overall, the certainty of the evidence in the studies that evaluated enteric fever RDTs was low. Authors' conclusions In 37 studies that evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of RDTs for enteric fever, few studies were at a low risk of bias. The three main RDT tests and variants had moderate diagnostic accuracy. There was no evidence of a difference between the average sensitivity and specificity of the three main RDT tests. More robust evaluations of alternative RDTs for enteric fever are needed. 2 April 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search All eligible published studies found in the last search (4 Mar, 2016) were included Plain language summary The accuracy of rapid diagnostic tests for detecting typhoid and paratyphoid (enteric) fever Cochrane researchers assessed the accuracy of commercially‐available rapid diagnostic tests and their prototypes (including TUBEX, Typhidot, Typhidot‐M, Test‐it Typhoid, and other tests) for detecting typhoid and paratyphoid (enteric) fever in people living in countries where the estimated number of individuals with the disease at any one time is greater than 10 per 100,000 population. If accurate, they could replace the current World Health Organization (WHO)‐recommended diagnostic test: culture (growing the bacteria that causes the infection from a patient’s blood or bone marrow). Background Typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever are infections caused by the bacteria  Salmonella  Typhi and  Salmonella  Paratyphi A respectively. The term ‘enteric fever’ is used to describe both infections. Enteric fever can be difficult to diagnose as the signs and symptoms are similar to those of other infectious diseases that cause fever such as malaria. The recommended test to confirm if a person has enteric fever is to grow the  Salmonella  from their blood. It takes at least 48 hours to give a result, so cannot help healthcare workers make a diagnosis the same day the blood culture is taken. Blood cultures may give a negative result even though a person has enteric fever. The test also requires a laboratory and trained staff, which are often unavailable in communities where enteric fever is common. Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) are designed to be easy to use, and to deliver a quick result without the need for a blood culture laboratory. The cost of an enteric fever RDT would be significantly less than a blood culture, and requires less training to perform. Study characteristics Cochrane researchers searched the available literature up to 4 March 2016 and included 37 studies. Most studies recruited participants from South Asia. Most participants were adults, with 22 studies including children. All of the RDTs evaluated detected  Salmonella  Typhi (typhoid fever) only. Quality of the evidence The Cochrane researchers evaluated the quality of the data for each study using a standardized checklist called QUADAS‐2. High quality studies that compared different types of RDT in the same patients were few in number. Two‐thirds of the included studies did not evaluate the RDTs in the context of patients who are typically tested for the disease. Many studies utilized a particular study design (a case control study) which risks overestimating RDT accuracy. In the studies evaluating the Typhidot RDT, it was often unclear how many test results were indeterminate, when the test cannot distinguish a current episode of infection from a previous disease episode. Overall, the certainty of the evidence in the studies that evaluated enteric fever RDTs was low. Key results Sensitivity indicates the percentage of patients with a positive test result who are correctly diagnosed with disease. Specificity indicates the percentage of patients who are correctly identified as not having disease. TUBEX showed an average sensitivity of 78% and specificity of 87%. Typhidot studies, grouped together to include Typhidot, Typhidot‐M, and TyphiRapid‐Tr02, showed an average sensitivity of 84% and specificity of 79%. When Typhidot studies with clear reporting of indeterminate results are considered, the average sensitivity and specificity of Typhidot was 78% and 77% respectively. Test‐It Typhoid and prototypes (KIT) showed an average sensitivity of 69% and specificity of 90%. Based on these results, in 1000 patients with fever where 30% (300 patients) have enteric fever, we would expect Typhidot tests reporting indeterminate results or where tests do not produce indeterminate results to, on average, miss the diagnosis (give a false negative result) in 66 patients with enteric fever, TUBEX to miss 66, and Test‐It Typhoid and prototypes (KIT) to miss 93. In the 700 people without enteric fever, the number of people incorrectly given a diagnosis of enteric fever (a false positive result) would be on average 161 with these Typhidot tests, 91 with TUBEX, and 70 with the Test‐It Typhoid and prototypes (KIT). These differences in the number of false negative and false positive results in patients from the different tests are not statistically important. The RDTs evaluated are not sufficiently accurate to replace blood culture as a diagnostic test for enteric fever.
Nutritional interventions for reducing morbidity and mortality in people with HIV; Abstract - Background Adequate nutrition is important for optimal immune and metabolic function. Dietary support may, therefore, improve clinical outcomes in HIV‐infected individuals by reducing the incidence of HIV‐associated complications and attenuating progression of HIV disease, improving quality of life and ultimately reducing disease‐related mortality. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of various macronutrient interventions, given orally, in reducing morbidity and mortality in adults and children living with HIV infection. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (up to August 2011), MEDLINE (1966 to August 2011), EMBASE (1988 to August 2011), LILACS (up to February 2012), and Gateway (March 2006‐February 2010). We also scanned reference lists of articles and contacted authors of relevant studies and other researchers. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials evaluating the effectiveness of macronutrient interventions compared with no nutritional supplements or placebo in the management of adults and children infected with HIV. Data collection and analysis Three reviewers independently applied study selection criteria, assessed study quality, and extracted data. Effects were assessed using mean difference and 95% confidence intervals. Homogenous studies were combined wherever it was clinically meaningful to do so and a meta‐analysis using the random effects model was conducted. Main results Fourteen trials (including 1725 HIV positive adults and 271 HIV positive children), were included in this review. Neither supplementary food nor daily supplement of Spirulina significantly altered the risk of death compared with no supplement or placebo in malnourished, ART naive adult participants in the two studies which reported on this outcome. A nutritional supplement enhanced with protein did not significantly alter the risk of death compared to standard nutritional care in children with prolonged diarrhoea. Supplementation with macronutrient formulas given to provide protein and/or energy and fortified with micronutrients, in conjunction with nutrition counselling, significantly improved energy intake (3 trials; n=131; MD 393.57 kcal/day; 95% CI: 224.66 to 562.47;p<0.00001) and protein intake (2 trials; n=81; MD 23.5 g/day; 95% CI: 12.68, 34.01; p<0.00001) compared with no nutritional supplementation or nutrition counselling alone in adult participants with weight loss. In general supplementation with specific macronutrients such as amino acids, whey protein concentration or Spirulina did not significantly alter clinical, anthropometric or immunological outcomes compared with placebo in HIV‐infected adults and children. Authors' conclusions Given the current evidence base, which is limited to fourteen relatively small trials all evaluating different macronutrient supplements in different populations at different stages of HIV infection and with varying treatment status, no firm conclusions can be drawn about the effects of macronutrient supplementation on morbidity and mortality in people living with HIV. It is, however, promising to see more studies being conducted in low‐income countries, and particularly in children, where macronutrient supplementation both pre‐antiretroviral treatment and in conjunction with antiretroviral treatment might prove to be beneficial. Plain language summary Nutritional interventions for reducing morbidity and mortality in people with HIV Achieving and maintaining optimal nutrition is considered an important adjunct in the clinical care of patients infected with HIV, as good nutrition can improve an individual's immune function, limit disease‐specific complications, and improve quality of life and survival. We sought to determine whether macronutrient interventions, either given to provide protein and/or energy or test the effect of specific macronutrients (i.e. ch as amino acids, whey protein concentrate or Spirulina), given orally, influence morbidity and mortality in adults and children living with HIV infection. Our review, based on fourteen small trials, evaluating different macronutrient supplements, found limited evidence that balanced macronutrient formulas increase protein and energy intake. However, we found no evidence that such supplementation translates into reductions in disease progression or HIV‐related complications, such as opportunistic infections or death.
Probiotics for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis; Abstract - Background The dominance of lactobacilli in healthy vaginal microbiota and its depletion in bacterial vaginosis (BV) has given rise to the concept of oral or vaginal instillation of probiotic  Lactobacillus  strains for the management of this condition. Objectives To ascertain the efficacy of probiotics in the treatment of BV. Search methods We searched electronic databases irrespective of publication status or language. These included: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), the HIV/AIDS and STD Cochrane Review Groups' specialized registers, the Cochrane Complementary Medicine Field's Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE (1966 to 2008), EMBASE (1980 to 2007), ISI science citation index (1955 to 2007), CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature (1982 to 2007). We handsearched of specialty journals, conference proceedings and publications list on the website of the International Scientific Association of Probiotics and Prebiotics (http://www.isapp.net/default.asp). For unpublished studies or ongoing trials, we contacted authors from relevant publications, nutraceutical companies and probiotic‐related scientific associations. We searched electronic databases on ongoing clinical trials. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials using probiotics for the treatment of women of any age diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis, regardless of diagnostic method used. The probiotic preparation could be single or "cocktail" of strains, any preparation type/dosage/route of administration. Studies comparing probiotics with placebo, probiotics used in conjunction with conventional antibiotics compared with placebo or probiotics alone compared with conventional antibiotics were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis We screened titles and abstracts , obtained full reports of relevant trialsand independently appraised them for eligibility. A data extraction form was used to extract data from the four included studies. For dichotomous outcomes, odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were derived for each study using RevMan (versions 4.2 and 5). We did not perform meta‐analysis due to significant differences in the probiotic preparations and trial methodologies. Main results Analysis suggests beneficial outcome of microbiological cure with the oral metronidazole/probiotic regimen (OR 0.09 (95% CI 0.03 to 0.26)) and the probiotic/estriol preparation (OR 0.02, (95% CI 0.00 to 0.47)). For the probiotic/estriol preparation, the OR and 95% CI for physician‐reported resolution of symptoms was OR 0.04 (95% CI 0.00 to 0.56). Authors' conclusions The results do not provide sufficient evidence for or against recommending probiotics for the treatment of BV. The metronidazole/probiotic regimen and probiotic/estriol perparation appear promising but well‐designed randomized controlled trials with standardized methodologies and larger patient size are needed. Plain language summary Probiotics for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is one of the most common causes of genital discomfort in women of reproductive age. This condition occurs when there is an imbalance in the population of normal vaginal micro‐organism with depletion of the dominant lactobacilli and overgrowth of other types of bacteria. Treatment of this condition using recommended antibiotics is often associated with failure and high rates of recurrence. This led to the concept of replacing the depleted lactobacilli using probiotic strains as a treatment approach. This review investigated the evidence for the use of probiotic preparations either alone or in conjunction with antibiotics for the treatment of BV. The current research does not provide conclusive evidence that probiotics are superior to or enhance the effectiveness of antibiotics in the treatment of BV. In addition, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of probiotics either before, during or after antibiotic treatment as a means of ensuring successful treatment or reduce recurrence. Larger, well‐designed randomized controlled trials with standardized methodologies are needed to confirm the benefits of probiotics in the treatment of BV.
Selenium supplementation for asthma; Abstract - Background Selenium deficiency may be important in chronic asthma. Observational studies have demonstrated that patients with chronic asthma may have lower levels of selenium than their control. Nevertheless, selenium supplementation has not been recommended with drug therapy for asthma. This review systematically examines RCTs that evaluated the role of selenium supplementation in chronic asthma. Objectives Recognition that chronic asthma can be associated with selenium deficiency has led to the investigation of the role of selenium supplementation in reducing the symptoms and impact of chronic asthma. The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy of selenium supplementation as an adjunct to medication for the treatment of chronic asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register, MEDLINE/PubMed, and EMBASE. Searches were current as of August 2005. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing patients with chronic asthma receiving selenium supplementation in conjunction with asthma medication, with patients taking asthma medication only. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers applied the study inclusion criteria Main results One trial with a total of 24 patients suffering from chronic asthma was included. The study reported significant clinical improvement in the selenium‐supplemented group, as compared with the placebo group, in terms of a 'clinical evaluation'. However, this improvement could not be validated by significant changes in separate objective parameters of lung function and airway hyper‐responsiveness. Authors' conclusions There is some indication that selenium supplementation may be a useful adjunct to medication for patients with chronic asthma. This conclusion is limited because of insufficient studies and lack of improvement in the clinical parameters of lung function. Plain language summary Selenium supplementation for asthma Selenium is a trace mineral, and it is thought that deficiency of selenium may play some role in the development of asthma. Some studies suggest that selenium supplementation for people with chronic asthma may help to improve symptoms. This review found some evidence from only one small trial that selenium supplementation might help reduce symptoms of chronic asthma symptoms, but more research is needed to be certain.
Oestrogens for treatment or prevention of pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women; Abstract - Background Pelvic organ prolapse is common and can be detected in up to 50% of parous women although many are asymptomatic. Oestrogen preparations are used to improve vaginal thinning (atrophy). It is possible that oestrogens, alone or in conjunction with other interventions, might prevent or assist in the management of pelvic organ prolapse, for example by improving the strength of weakened supporting structures. Objectives To determine the effects of oestrogens or drugs with oestrogenic effects alone, or in conjunction with other treatments, both for prevention and treatment of pelvic organ prolapse. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Register of trials (searched 6 May 2010), MEDLINE (January 1950 to April 2010) as well as reference lists of relevant articles. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials that included the use of any oestrogens or drugs with oestrogenic (or anti‐oestrogenic) actions for pelvic organ prolapse. Data collection and analysis Trials were assessed and data extracted independently by two review authors. Main results Three trials and one meta‐analysis of adverse effects of a further three trials were identified. One trial did not provide useable data. Two trials included 148 women with prolapse, one included 58 postmenopausal women and the meta‐analysis reported a mixed population (women with and without prolapse) of postmenopausal women (N=6984). The meta analysis and one other small trial investigated the effect of selective oestrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) for treatment or prevention of osteoporosis but also collected data of the effects on prolapse. Interventions included oestradiol, conjugated equine oestrogen and two (SERMs), raloxifene and tamoxifen. Only one small trial addressed the primary outcome (prolapse symptoms). One small treatment trial of oestradiol for three weeks before prolapse surgery found a reduced incidence of cystitis in the first four weeks after surgery but this unexpected finding needs to be confirmed in a larger trial. A meta‐analysis of adverse effects of a SERM, raloxifene (used for treatment or prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women) found a statistically significant reduction in the need for prolapse surgery at three year follow up (OR 0.50, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.81), but this was statistically significant only in women older than 60 years (OR 0.68, 95% CI 0.22 to 2.08) and the total number of women having prolapse surgery was small. A further small trial comparing conjugated equine oestrogen, raloxifene, tamoxifen and placebo in postmenopausal women having pelvic floor muscle training was too small to detect effects on prolapse outcomes. Authors' conclusions There was limited evidence from randomised controlled trials regarding the use of oestrogens for the prevention and management of pelvic organ prolapse. The use of local oestrogen in conjunction with pelvic floor muscle training before surgery may reduce the incidence of post‐operative cystitis within four weeks after surgery. Oral raloxifene may reduce the need for pelvic organ prolapse surgery in women older than 60 years although this cannot be taken as an indication for practice. There is a need for rigorous randomised controlled trials with long term follow up to assess oestrogen preparations for prevention and management of pelvic organ prolapse, particularly as an adjunctive treatment for women using pessaries and also before and after prolapse surgery. Plain language summary Oestrogens for treatment or prevention of pelvic organ prolapse in women Many women suffer from pelvic organ prolapse, which is a downward descent of the vagina (front passage) and/or uterus (womb). It is more common after childbirth and after the menopause.  Women may not have symptoms or they may feel bulge and/or pressure vaginally, as well as a range of urinary, bowel and sexual problems. These symptoms may affect quality of life. Prolapse is associated with weakness in muscles and supporting structures in the pelvis. Treatment can be conservative (pessaries or rings), pelvic floor muscle training or surgery.  Oestrogen (female hormone) treatment can be used to reduce thinning of the vaginal and pelvic tissues. This may help to reduce or prevent the symptoms of prolapse, or may be used to make other prolapse treatments work better. This review did not find any clear evidence to suggest whether oestrogens work. However, as they are often used, especially with pessaries or before and after prolapse surgery, research is needed to identify any benefits or risks.
Capsaicin for allergic rhinitis in adults; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 2, 2006. Allergic rhinitis represents a global health problem. Non‐specific nasal hyper‐responsiveness is an important feature of allergic and non‐allergic rhinitis. This phenomenon is believed to result from the effect of allergic inflammation on the sensory nerves that supply the upper airway mucosa. A pharmacological agent that has proved useful in the investigation of effects of neuronal stimulation is capsaicin, the pungent component of hot pepper. Intranasal capsaicin specifically stimulates afferent nerves consisting mostly of unmyelinated C fibers and some myelinated A ‐ delta fibers. As a result it can trigger central and axonal reflexes, the latter being putatively mediated by the release of neuropeptides. Capsaicin, as a blocking agent of neuropeptides, blocks the axon reflex and may exert a curative effect on allergic rhinitis. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of capsaicin for allergic rhinitis in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts;  m RCT and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 2 September 2009. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials of capsaicin for allergic rhinitis in adults. Data collection and analysis Three authors read each paper, blind to its identity. Decisions concerning inclusion were made by simple majority. We all performed quality assessment independently. Main results One small trial did not find evidence that intranasal capsaicin had a therapeutic effect in allergic rhinitis. A small pharmacological effect on clinical histamine dose response was found. After treatment, leukotriene levels in nasal lavage did not increase in the capsaicin group. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to assess the use of capsaicin in clinical practice. Plain language summary Capsaicin for allergic rhinitis Allergic rhinitis is a common health problem affecting between 10% and 25% of the population, and its prevalence is increasing. The symptoms include a running or blocked nose, itching and sneezing. Several drug therapies are available including antihistamines and steroids. Capsaicin, which is the pungent component of hot pepper, has also been used. With repeated doses applied topically it may desensitize the lining of the nose and have a therapeutic effect on allergic rhinitis. The review found one small, low quality randomized controlled trial which did not demonstrate a therapeutic effect of capsaicin on allergic rhinitis symptoms. Further trials are needed.
Gonadotropin‐releasing hormone analogues for endometriosis; Abstract - Background Endometriosis is a common gynaecological condition affecting 6 to 11% of reproductive‐age women and may cause dyspareunia, dysmenorrhoea, and infertility. One treatment strategy is medical therapy with gonadotrophin‐releasing hormone analogues (GnRHas) to reduce pain due to endometriosis. One of the adverse effects of GnRHas is a decreased bone mineral density. In addition to assessing the effect on pain, quality of life, most troublesome symptom and patients' satisfaction, the current review also evaluated the effect on bone mineral density and risk of adverse effects in women with endometriosis who use GnRHas versus other treatment options. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of GnRH analogues (GnRHas) in the treatment of painful symptoms associated with endometriosis and to determine the effects of GnRHas on bone mineral density of women with endometriosis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility (CGF) Group trials register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO and the trial registries in May 2022 together with reference checking and contact with study authors and experts in the field to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which compared GnRHas with other hormonal treatment options, including analgesics, danazol, intra‐uterine progestogens, oral or injectable progestogens, gestrinone and also GnRHas compared with no treatment or placebo. Trials comparing GnRHas versus GnRHas in conjunction with add‐back therapy (hormonal or non‐hormonal) or calcium‐regulation agents were also included in this review.  Data collection and analysis We used standard methodology as recommended by Cochrane. Primary outcomes are relief of overall pain and the objective measurement of bone mineral density. Secondary outcomes include adverse effects, quality of life, improvement in the most troublesome symptoms and patient satisfaction.  Due to high risk of bias associated with some of the studies, primary analyses of all review outcomes were restricted to studies at low risk of selection bias. Sensitivity analysis including all studies was then performed. Main results Seventy‐two studies involving 7355 patients were included. The evidence was very low to low quality: the main limitations of all studies were serious risk of bias due to poor reporting of study methods, and serious imprecision.  Trials comparing GnRHas versus no treatment  We did not identify any studies. Trials comparing GnRHas versus placebo There may be a decrease in overall pain, reported as pelvic pain scores (RR 2.14; 95% CI 1.41 to 3.24, 1 RCT, n = 87, low‐certainty evidence), dysmenorrhoea scores (RR 2.25; 95% CI 1.59 to 3.16, 1 RCT, n = 85, low‐certainty evidence), dyspareunia scores (RR 2.21; 95% CI 1.39 to 3.54, 1 RCT, n = 59, low‐certainty evidence), and pelvic tenderness scores (RR 2.28; 95% CI 1.48 to 3.50, 1 RCT, n = 85, low‐certainty evidence) after three months of treatment. We are uncertain of the effect for pelvic induration, based on the results found after three months of treatment (RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.64 to 1.79, 1 RCT, n = 81, low‐certainty evidence). Besides, treatment with GnRHas may be associated with a greater incidence of hot flushes at three months of treatment (RR 3.08; 95% CI 1.89 to 5.01, 1 RCT, n = 100, low‐certainty evidence). Trials comparing GnRHas versus danazol For overall pain, for women treated with either GnRHas or danazol, a subdivision was made between pelvic tenderness, partly resolved and completely resolved. We are uncertain about the effect on relief of overall pain, when a subdivision was made for overall pain (MD ‐0.30; 95% CI ‐1.66 to 1.06, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence), pelvic pain (MD 0.20; 95% CI ‐0.26 to 0.66, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence), dysmenorrhoea (MD 0.10; 95% CI ‐0.49 to 0.69, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence), dyspareunia (MD ‐0.20; 95% CI ‐0.77 to 0.37, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence), pelvic induration (MD ‐0.10; 95% CI ‐0.59 to 0.39, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence), and pelvic tenderness (MD ‐0.20; 95% CI ‐0.78 to 0.38, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence) after three months of treatment. For pelvic pain (MD 0.50; 95% CI 0.10 to 0.90, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence) and pelvic induration (MD 0.70; 95% CI 0.21 to 1.19, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence), the complaints may decrease slightly after treatment with GnRHas, compared to danazol, for six months of treatment. Trials comparing GnRHas versus analgesics  We did not identify any studies. Trials comparing GnRHas versus intra‐uterine progestogens We did not identify any low risk of bias studies. Trials comparing GnRHas versus GnRHas in conjunction with calcium‐regulating agents There may be a slight decrease in bone mineral density (BMD) after 12 months treatment with GnRHas, compared to GnRHas in conjunction with calcium‐regulating agents for anterior‐posterior spine (MD ‐7.00; 95% CI ‐7.53 to ‐6.47, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence) and lateral spine (MD ‐12.40; 95% CI ‐13.31 to ‐11.49, 1 RCT, n = 41, very low‐certainty evidence).  Authors' conclusions For relief of overall pain, there may be a slight decrease in favour of treatment with GnRHas compared to placebo or oral or injectable progestogens. We are uncertain about the effect when comparing GnRHas with danazol, intra‐uterine progestogens or gestrinone. For BMD, there may be a slight decrease when women are treated with GnRHas, compared to gestrinone. There was a bigger decrease of BMD in favour of GnRHas, compared to GnRHas in conjunction with calcium‐regulating agents. However, there may be a slight increase in adverse effects when women are treated with GnRHas, compared to placebo or gestrinone. Due to a very low to low certainty of the evidence, a wide range of outcome measures and a wide range of outcome measurement instruments, the results should be interpreted with caution.  Plain language summary Gonadotrophin‐releasing hormone analogues for pain associated with endometriosis What are the benefits and risks of gonadotrophin‐releasing hormone analogues (GnRHas) for pain associated with endometriosis? Key messages GnRHas offer more pain reduction compared to placebo or progestogens. However, the largest decrease in bone mineral density (BMD) was found when using GnRHas, compared to a different hormone called gestrinone and GnRHas together with calcium‐regulating agents (acting on bone).  Most adverse effects were hot flushes for patients treated with GnRHas or gestrinone (hormone) and weight gain when treated with danazol (hormone). Further, well‐designed research is needed to provide better understanding of the benefits and risks of using GnRHas and other hormonal treatment options for pain associated with endometriosis. What is endometriosis? Endometriosis is a common condition, affecting women of childbearing age, and is usually due to the presence of endometrial‐like tissue in places other than the uterus. The most reported symptoms are pain and infertility. What are GnRHas? GnRHas are a group of drugs often used to treat endometriosis. GnRHas are a synthetic form of the hormone gonadorelin, released by the hypothalamus in the brain. They stimulate the pituitary gland in the brain to produce luteinising hormone (LH) and follicle‐stimulating hormone (FSH), both reproductive hormones. These reproductive hormones further stimulate the production of progesterone and oestrogen in the ovaries, the hormones that control your menstrual cycle.  However, continued use of GnRHas results in a suppression of ovarian function and therefore reduces oestrogen and progesterone levels. This will in turn result in a decrease of endometrial tissue and therefore reduce complaints of endometriosis. Because GnRHas temporarily stop the production of reproductive hormones, they mimic symptoms of menopause, including a decrease in bone mineral density (the amount of calcium and other minerals present in your bones). What did we want to find out? In the current review, we looked at women with endometriosis, who were treated with GnRHas, and compared this treatment with other forms of hormonal treatment. We wanted to find out if GnRHas were better than any other hormonal treatment to improve pain and to see their effect on bone mineral density. Additionally, we wanted to find out if GnRHas were associated with an improved quality of life and also unveil any unwanted effects. What did we do? The review involved searching for studies that investigated the effect of GnRHas compared with placebo (dummy treatment) and other hormonal treatment in women with endometriosis. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 72 trials that involved 7355 women with endometriosis.  ‐ A difference in overall pain, reported as pain reduction was seen in favour of GnRHas compared to placebo. We also saw that women treated with GnRHas had less pelvic pain reduction and an increase in endometriotic lesions after six months of treatment, compared to danazol.  ‐ After six months of treatment, there was a greater decrease of pain for women treated with GnRHas compared to gestrinone.  ‐ No difference was seen in pain scores between women treated with GnRHas compared to other hormonal treatment options.  ‐ Most adverse effects were seen in women treated with GnRHas compared to placebo (hot flushes), with danazol (weight gain) and gestrinone (hot flushes).  ‐ A greater decrease in bone mineral density was found in GnRHas compared to gestrinone and GnRHas in conjunction with calcium‐regulating agents.  ‐ For the other comparisons examined in the current review, we are uncertain of the effect between the examined groups. It should be noted, however, that the evidence was often of (very) low quality in the analyses undertaken for the other comparisons. What are the limitations of the evidence? The included studies were of low quality mainly due to poor reporting of study methods and the inaccuracy with which the results were reported. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The evidence is up‐to‐date to May 2022.
Inferior turbinate surgery for nasal obstruction in allergic rhinitis after failed medical treatment; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a highly prevalent disease that results from an IgE‐mediated hypersensitivity reaction of the nasal mucosa to inhaled allergens. It is primarily treated by allergen avoidance and medical treatment, but when these measures fail to control symptoms then surgery to the inferior turbinates of nose is often performed. It is unclear whether these procedures are beneficial in the long term or indeed whether the risks outweigh the benefits. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of inferior turbinate surgery on unrelieved or partially relieved nasal obstruction in patients after maximal medical treatment of proven allergic rhinitis, to compare the results using different surgical techniques and to measure short and long‐term results. Search methods We searched the following databases from their inception for published, unpublished and ongoing trials: the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2010, Issue 2); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; LILACS; KoreaMed; IndMed; PakMediNet; CAB Abstracts; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; CNKI;  m RCT (Current Controlled Trials); ClinicalTrials.gov; ISRCTN; ICTRP (International Clinical Trials Registry Platform); Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; Google and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. We modelled subject strategies for databases on the search strategy designed for CENTRAL. The date of the most recent search was 6 July 2010. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of inferior turbinate surgery versus continued medical treatment for proven allergic rhinitis, or comparisons between one technique of inferior turbinate surgery versus another technique, after maximal medical treatment. Data collection and analysis Both authors independently screened the search results and assessed the full text of potentially relevant studies. We attempted to contact trial authors for additional information. Main results There were no studies that fulfilled the inclusion criteria of the review. Authors' conclusions This review highlights the need for randomised controlled trials to evaluate the role of inferior turbinate surgery for nasal obstruction in allergic rhinitis after failed medical treatment. Future trials needs to be rigorous in design and delivery, separate adults from paediatric patients, not combine allergic with non‐allergic patients and last long enough to determine long‐term results and complications. Plain language summary Surgery to the inferior turbinate (lining of the nose) in order to relieve nose block in allergic rhinitis after failed medical treatment Inferior turbinate (lining of nose) surgery is a commonly performed procedure in ENT as shrinking the lining may reduce some of the symptoms of allergic rhinitis, particularly nose blockage. This procedure is carried out using a multitude of techniques including cautery, laser and plasma knife. Although unusual, there is the potential for complications such as excessive bleeding and dry nose from these procedures. We set out to identify randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of inferior turbinate surgery compared to continued medical treatment in allergic rhinitis patients in whom medical treatment had failed to relieve symptoms. We also looked for RCTs comparing one technique of turbinate surgery with another. Although our search was extensive, we were not able to find any RCTs which met our inclusion criteria. Research, in the form of properly conducted trials comparing various techniques and assessing long‐term results and complications, has not yet been done in this field. We therefore conclude that the evidence in the literature is not robust enough about the usefulness of surgery using any technique for this condition.
Paracetamol versus placebo or physical methods for treating fever in children; Abstract - Background Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is widely used for treating fever in children. Like ibuprofen, aspirin, and physical methods (such as fanning), paracetamol aims to provide relief from symptoms and prevent febrile convulsions. Uncertainty exists about the benefits of using it to treat fever in children. Objectives To assess the effects of paracetamol for treating fever in children in relation to fever clearance time, febrile convulsions, and resolution of associated symptoms. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (May 2004), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 2, 2004), MEDLINE (1966 to May 2004), EMBASE (1988 to May 2004), LILACS (May 2004), Science Citation Index (May 2004), and reference lists of articles. We also contacted researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized trials of children with fever from infections comparing: (1) paracetamol with placebo or no treatment; and (2) paracetamol with physical cooling methods (eg, sponging, bathing, or fanning). The primary outcomes were fever clearance time and febrile convulsion. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently extracted data on methods, types of participants, interventions, and outcomes. The meta‐analysis was conducted using risk ratio with 95% confidence intervals for discrete variables, and mean differences for continuous outcomes. Main results 12 trials (n = 1509 participants) met the inclusion criteria. Outcomes varied between trials. No data were available on the primary outcome. There is insufficient evidence to show whether paracetamol influenced the risk of febrile convulsions. In a meta‐analysis of two trials (n = 120), the proportion of children without fever by the second hour after treatment did not differ significantly between those given paracetamol and those sponged (risk ratio 1.84; confidence interval 0.94 to 3.61, random effects model). The statistical test showed significant heterogeneity between the groups receiving paracetamol or physical methods. No severe adverse events were reported. The number of children with mild adverse events did not differ significantly between paracetamol and placebo, or paracetamol and physical methods, but numbers were small. Authors' conclusions There are few trials that have directly compared the antipyretic properties of paracetamol against placebo or physical methods. Data on adverse events are limited. Establishing standard outcomes will help comparisons between studies and better meta‐analysis. 23 April 2019 No update planned Other This is currently not a priority for update Plain language summary Paracetamol for treating fever in children Plain language summary pending.
Long‐term antibiotic prophylaxis for prevention of rheumatic fever recurrence and progression to rheumatic heart disease; Abstract - Background Rheumatic fever is a non‐suppurative, inflammatory sequela of group A  Streptococcus  pharyngitis that can occur at two to four weeks after infection. Following an episode of rheumatic fever, there is a risk of developing rheumatic heart disease (RHD) later in life that carries significant risk of morbidity and mortality. RHD remains the largest global cause of cardiovascular disease in the young (age < 25 years). The historical literature provides inconclusive evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis is beneficial in reducing the risk of recurrence of rheumatic fever and development of RHD. Antibiotics are thought to work by reducing the carriage of group A  Streptococcus  and thus reducing the risk of infection. This review was commissioned by the World Health Organization (WHO) for an upcoming guideline. Objectives 1. To assess the effects of long‐term antibiotics versus no antibiotics (control) for secondary prevention of rheumatic fever recurrence and associated sequelae in people with previous rheumatic fever or RHD. 2. To assess the effects of long‐term intramuscular penicillin versus long‐term oral antibiotics for secondary prevention of rheumatic fever recurrence and associated sequelae in people with previous rheumatic fever or RHD. Search methods We systematically searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Conference Proceedings Citation Index‐Science, clinical trial registers, ISRCTN.com and reference lists without restrictions on language or date up to 10 March 2024. Selection criteria We sought randomised controlled trials or quasi‐randomised trials, described in any language, including participants with previous rheumatic fever and/or RHD of any age, based in community or hospital settings. Studies were included if they compared firstly antibiotic prophylaxis with no antibiotic prophylaxis, and, secondly, intramuscular penicillin prophylaxis versus oral antibiotic prophylaxis. Data collection and analysis We used standardised methodological, Cochrane‐endorsed procedures and performed meta‐analyses with risk ratios (RR) and Peto odds ratios (Peto OR). Our primary outcomes were recurrence of rheumatic fever, progression or severity of RHD and cardiac complications. Our secondary outcomes were obstetric complications (maternal and foetal events), mortality, treatment adherence, adverse events and acceptability to participants. We performed comprehensive assessments of risk of bias and certainty of evidence, applying the GRADE methodology. Main results We included 11 studies (seven RCTs and four quasi‐randomised trials) including 3951 participants. The majority of the included studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada during the 1950s to 1960s. Most participants with previous rheumatic fever had been diagnosed using the modified Jones criteria (mJC) (four studies), were an average of 12.3 years of age and 50.6% male. We assessed the majority of the included studies to be at high risk of bias, predominantly relating to blinding and attrition bias. Comparison one: antibiotics versus no antibiotics Pooled meta‐analysis of six RCTs provides moderate‐certainty evidence that antibiotics overall (oral or intramuscular) probably reduce the risk of recurrence of rheumatic fever substantially (0.7% versus 1.7%, respectively) (risk ratio (RR) 0.39, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 0.69; 1721 participants). People with early or mild RHD likely have the greatest capacity to benefit from intramuscular antibiotic prophylaxis (8.1%) compared to no antibiotics (0.7%) (RR 0.09, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.29; 1 study, 818 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Antibiotics may not affect mortality in people with late‐stage RHD (RR 1.23, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.94; 1 study, 994 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Antibiotics may not affect the risk of anaphylaxis (Peto odds ratio (OR) 7.39, 95% CI 0.15 to 372; 1 study, 818 participants; low‐certainty evidence) or sciatic nerve injury (Peto OR 7.39, 95% CI 0.15 to 372; 1 study, 818 participants; low‐certainty evidence) compared with no antibiotics, but probably have an increased risk of hypersensitivity reactions (RR 137, 8.51 to 2210; 2 studies, 894 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and local reactions (RR 29, 1.74 to 485; 1 study, 818 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Comparison two: intramuscular antibiotics versus oral antibiotics Pooled analysis of two RCTs showed that prophylactic intramuscular benzathine benzylpenicillin likely reduces recurrence of rheumatic fever substantially when compared to oral antibiotics (0.1% versus 1%, respectively) (RR 0.07, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.26; 395 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Furthermore, it is unclear whether intramuscular benzyl penicillin is superior to oral antibiotics in reducing the risk of mortality in the context of RHD (Peto OR 0.22, 95% CI 0.01 to 4.12; 1 study, 431 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). There were no data available on progression of latent RHD or adverse events including anaphylaxis, sciatic nerve injury, delayed hypersensitivity/allergic reactions and local reactions to injection. Authors' conclusions This review provides evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis likely reduces the risk of recurrence of rheumatic fever compared to no antibiotics, and that intramuscular benzathine benzylpenicillin is probably superior to oral antibiotics (approximately 10 times better). Moreover, intramuscular benzathine benzylpenicillin likely reduces the risk of progression of latent RHD. Evidence is scarce, but antibiotics compared with no antibiotics may not affect the risk of anaphylaxis or sciatic nerve injury, but probably carry an increased risk of hypersensitivity reactions and local reactions. Antibiotics may not affect all‐cause mortality in late‐stage RHD compared to no antibiotics. There is no evidence available to comment on the effect of intramuscular penicillin over oral antibiotics for progression of latent RHD and adverse events, and little evidence for all‐cause mortality. It is important to interpret these findings in the context of major limitations, including the following: the vast majority of the included studies were conducted more than 50 years ago, many before contemporary echocardiographic studies; methodology was often at high risk of bias; outdated treatments were used; only one study was in latent RHD; and there are concerns regarding generalisability to low socioeconomic regions. This underlines the need for ongoing research to understand who benefits most from prophylaxis. Plain language summary Do long‐term antibiotics help to reduce rheumatic fever recurrence and progression of rheumatic heart disease? Key messages In people who have had previous rheumatic fever (the body attacking itself in response to bacterial infection) or have rheumatic heart disease (long‐term damage to the heart due to rheumatic fever): ‐ long‐term antibiotics (either injected into the muscle every month or taken as a tablet every day) probably reduce the risk of getting more episodes of rheumatic fever compared to no antibiotics; ‐ intramuscular antibiotics probably reduce the progression (getting worse) of early heart disease compared to no antibiotic; however, there is no evidence to compare intramuscular with oral antibiotics for progression of late‐stage heart disease; ‐ antibiotics may not increase the risk of complications, such as a severe allergic reaction (anaphylaxis). What is rheumatic heart disease? Rheumatic heart disease is the top cause of heart disease in young people worldwide and kills about one‐third of a million people every year. Rheumatic fever happens when the body's own defences go wrong, often because of a throat infection, fighting the heart instead of the bacteria. This can then lead to damage to the heart valves (gateways between rooms in the heart) called rheumatic heart disease. Antibiotics kill bacteria that can cause infections, reducing the risk of people developing rheumatic fever. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out whether and, if so, how effective antibiotics are at reducing the chances of getting rheumatic fever again, and this leading to rheumatic heart disease. What did we do? We included studies that randomly gave people with past rheumatic fever or rheumatic heart disease antibiotics or not (e.g. based on flipping a coin). We were interested in comparing, firstly, long‐term antibiotics with no antibiotics and, secondly, long‐term intramuscular penicillin with long‐term oral antibiotics. Participants in the studies we included had previous rheumatic fever or rheumatic heart disease, but could be any age. We looked for lots of different events that could have happened, including the rheumatic fever coming back (rheumatic fever recurrence), rheumatic heart disease getting worse (progression of rheumatic heart disease), problems with the heart (carditis), problems around pregnancy and birth (obstetric complications and foetal/neonatal events), death (mortality), whether people stuck to their treatment (treatment adherence), other problems such as dangerous breathing problems (anaphylaxis), complications such as nerve injury and whether the people included were happy with having antibiotics. What did we find? We found 11 studies (3951 participants) to help us answer our questions. People in these studies were an average of 12.3 years of age and were 50.6% male. Most had had previous episodes of rheumatic fever. We found that using long‐term antibiotics (either injected into the muscle every month or taken as a tablet every day) compared with no antibiotic probably reduces the risk of getting more episodes of rheumatic fever. The injection into a muscle route probably works better than the tablets. If you have the early stages of rheumatic heart disease picked up on an echocardiogram of the heart (a scan that uses sound waves to see the internal structure of the heart), then penicillin antibiotics injected into the muscle every month compared with no antibiotic likely reduces the risk of these heart problems getting worse. We found some evidence that antibiotics injected into the muscle compared with no antibiotics may not cause a very high risk of allergic reaction that affects breathing (anaphylaxis), but probably comes with a higher chance of redness at the injection side and allergic reactions to antibiotics. There was not much information on death rates or nerve injury, and no evidence on whether an antibiotic injection is better than tablets for preventing latent (early) rheumatic heart disease getting worse. What are the limitations of the evidence? The majority of the included studies (nine) were not carried out in low‐income countries, which currently have the most cases of rheumatic heart disease. This makes these results potentially less relevant to people in these countries. There is also little information on important questions other than recurrence of rheumatic fever or progression of rheumatic heart disease. There were some other potential limitations in the evidence: we flagged six studies as having issues with blinding (study participants or staff knowing whether they received antibiotics and so potentially answering based on this information). It is possible that people in many of the included studies were aware of which treatment they were getting. Four studies may have had a problem with the process for placing people randomly into groups. For some of the results in the review, we only had one study. More high‐quality work is needed that is relevant to the parts of the world where rheumatic fever is currently most common. More research looking at early (latent) rheumatic heart disease, where the biggest differences may be made, is also needed. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The evidence is current to 10 March 2024. Whilst this is the most up‐to‐date review available currently, most of the evidence in this review is from the 1950s to 1960s, so some of the treatments may be outdated.
Antibiotics for acute maxillary sinusitis in adults; Reason for withdrawal from publication Currently, two separate Cochrane reviews, ‘ Antibiotics for acute maxillary sinusitis in adults ’ and ‘ Antibiotics for clinically diagnosed acute rhinosinusitis in adults ’ describe the effect of antibiotics for acute rhinosinusitis. Although both Cochrane reviews study the same condition, they look at different populations (patients in which the diagnosis was based on clinical signs and symptoms and patients in which the diagnosis was confirmed by imaging). Because of this, the conclusions are different in these Cochrane reviews. This was confusing for clinicians who needed to read both Cochrane reviews to know which conclusions are most applicable to their patients.    This review is being withdrawn and will be incorporated into the updated publication of ‘ Antibiotics for clinically diagnosed acute rhinosinusitis in adults ’. This ‘merged’ review will still maintain the relevant distinction between the two populations. However, information on the effectiveness of antibiotics for rhinosinusitis will be published in the ‘merged’ Cochrane review. We will omit the comparison between antibiotics (as published in this Cochrane review) because the choice for certain antibiotics and/or doses differs according to the local antibiotic resistance patterns and therefore this comparison is less relevant. The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Whole brain radiotherapy for the treatment of newly diagnosed multiple brain metastases; Abstract - Background This is an update to the review published in the Cochrane Library (2012, Issue 4). It is estimated that 20% to 40% of people with cancer will develop brain metastases during the course of their illness. The burden of brain metastases impacts quality and length of survival. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and adverse effects of whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT) given alone or in combination with other therapies to adults with newly diagnosed multiple brain metastases. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, and Embase to May 2017 and the National Cancer Institute Physicians Data Query for ongoing trials. Selection criteria We included phase III randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing WBRT versus other treatments for adults with newly diagnosed multiple brain metastases. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and abstracted information in accordance with Cochrane methods. Main results We added 10 RCTs to this updated review. The review now includes 54 published trials (45 fully published reports, four abstracts, and five subsets of data from previously published RCTs) involving 11,898 participants. Lower biological WBRT doses versus control   The hazard ratio (HR) for overall survival (OS) with lower biological WBRT doses as compared with control (3000 cGy in 10 daily fractions) was 1.21 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04 to 1.40; P = 0.01; moderate‐certainty evidence) in favour of control. The HR for neurological function improvement (NFI) was 1.74 (95% CI 1.06 to 2.84; P = 0.03; moderate‐certainty evidence) in favour of control fractionation. Higher biological WBRT doses versus control The HR for OS with higher biological WBRT doses as compared with control (3000 cGy in 10 daily fractions) was 0.97 (95% CI 0.83 to 1.12; P = 0.65; moderate‐certainty evidence). The HR for NFI was 1.14 (95% CI 0.92 to 1.42; P = 0.23; moderate‐certainty evidence). WBRT and radiosensitisers   The addition of radiosensitisers to WBRT did not confer additional benefit for OS (HR 1.05, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.12; P = 0.12; moderate‐certainty evidence) or for brain tumour response rates (odds ratio (OR) 0.84, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.11; P = 0.22; high‐certainty evidence). Radiosurgery and WBRT versus WBRT alone   The HR for OS with use of WBRT and radiosurgery boost as compared with WBRT alone for selected participants was 0.61 (95% CI 0.27 to 1.39; P = 0.24; moderate‐certainty evidence). For overall brain control at one year, the HR was 0.39 (95% CI 0.25 to 0.60; P < 0.0001; high‐certainty evidence) favouring the WBRT and radiosurgery boost group. Radiosurgery alone versus radiosurgery and WBRT The HR for local brain control was 2.73 (95% CI 1.87 to 3.99; P < 0.00001; high‐certainty evidence)favouring the addition of WBRT to radiosurgery. The HR for distant brain control was 2.34 (95% CI 1.73 to 3.18; P < 0.00001; high‐certainty evidence) favouring WBRT and radiosurgery. The HR for OS was 1.00 (95% CI 0.80 to 1.25; P = 0.99; moderate‐certainty evidence). Two trials reported worse neurocognitive outcomes and one trial reported worse quality of life outcomes when WBRT was added to radiosurgery. We could not pool data from trials related to chemotherapy, optimal supportive care (OSC), molecular targeted agents, neurocognitive protective agents, and hippocampal sparing WBRT. However, one trial reported no differences in quality‐adjusted life‐years for selected participants with brain metastases from non‐small‐cell lung cancer randomised to OSC and WBRT versus OSC alone. Authors' conclusions None of the trials with altered higher biological WBRT dose‐fractionation schemes reported benefit for OS, NFI, or symptom control compared with standard care. However, OS and NFI were worse for lower biological WBRT dose‐fractionation schemes than for standard dose schedules. The addition of WBRT to radiosurgery improved local and distant brain control in selected people with brain metastases, but data show worse neurocognitive outcomes and no differences in OS. Selected people with multiple brain metastases from non‐small‐cell lung cancer may show no difference in OS when OSC is given and WBRT is omitted. Use of radiosensitisers, chemotherapy, or molecular targeted agents in conjunction with WBRT remains experimental. Further trials are needed to evaluate the use of neurocognitive protective agents and hippocampal sparing with WBRT. As well, future trials should examine homogeneous participants with brain metastases with focus on prognostic features and molecular markers. Plain language summary Whole brain radiotherapy for the treatment of multiple brain metastases The issue  A large proportion of people with cancer will receive a diagnosis of the spread of cancer (metastases) to the brain. Radiotherapy is commonly used to treat brain metastases. The aim of the review  We conducted this review to determine the effectiveness and adverse effects of whole brain radiotherapy (WBRT) given alone or in combination with other treatments to adults with multiple brain metastases. What are the main findings?  This review includes 54 published trials involving 11,898 participants. Data show no apparent additional benefit of altered WBRT dose schedules compared with standard dose schedules. Use of other treatments such as chemotherapy, radiosensitisers, and molecular targeted agents in conjunction with WBRT has not yet been shown to be of benefit. Radiosurgery boost with WBRT does not improve survival among selected people with multiple brain metastases. WBRT when added to radiosurgery improves local and distant brain control. However, neurocognitive outcomes are better for selected people treated with radiosurgery alone as compared with WBRT and radiosurgery. For selected individuals with metastatic non‐small‐cell lung cancer to brain, survival may not be better with WBRT and optimal supportive care than with optimal supportive care alone. Quality of the evidence  Studies have provided evidence of moderate to high certainty. What are the conclusions?  Altered higher biological WBRT dose‐fractionation schemes, as reported in randomised trials, did not confer benefit for overall survival, neurological function, or symptom control compared with standard treatment (3000 cGy in 10 daily fractions, or 2000 cGy in 4 or 5 daily fractions). However, overall survival and neurological function were worse for lower biological WBRT dose‐fractionation schemes than for standard dose schedules. The addition of WBRT to radiosurgery improved local and distant brain control (i.e. absence of new intracranial lesions at the site or outside of treated lesions after treatment) among selected people with brain metastases, but investigators reported worse cognitive outcomes and no differences in overall survival. Selected people with multiple brain metastases from non‐small‐cell lung cancer may show no difference in overall survival when optimal supportive care is given and WBRT is omitted. Use of other treatments (radiosensitisers, chemotherapy, or molecular targeted agents) in conjunction with WBRT remains experimental. Additional trials are needed to evaluate strategies to protect cognitive decline associated with WBRT. As well, future trials should examine people with brain metastases with focus on prognostic features and tumour characteristics.
Anti‐vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) drugs for treatment of retinopathy of prematurity; Abstract - Background Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) plays a key role in angiogenesis in foetal life. Researchers have recently attempted to use anti‐VEGF agents for the treatment of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), a vasoproliferative disorder. The safety and efficacy of these agents in preterm infants with ROP is currently uncertain. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of anti‐VEGF drugs when used either as monotherapy, that is without concomitant cryotherapy or laser therapy, or in combination with planned cryo/laser therapy in preterm infants with type 1 ROP (defined as zone I any stage with plus disease, zone I stage 3 with or without plus disease, or zone II stage 2 or 3 with plus disease). Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 11), MEDLINE (1966 to 11 December 2016), Embase (1980 to 11 December 2016), CINAHL (1982 to 11 December 2016), and conference proceedings. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials that evaluated the efficacy or safety of administration, or both, of anti‐VEGF agents compared with conventional therapy in preterm infants with ROP. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane and Cochrane Neonatal methods for data collection and analysis. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. Main results Six trials involving a total of 383 infants fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Five trials compared intravitreal bevacizumab (n = 4) or ranibizumab (n = 1) with conventional laser therapy (monotherapy), while the sixth study compared intravitreal pegaptanib plus conventional laser therapy with laser/cryotherapy (combination therapy). When used as monotherapy, bevacizumab/ranibizumab did not reduce the risk of complete or partial retinal detachment (3 studies; 272 infants; risk ratio (RR) 1.04, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.21 to 5.13; risk difference (RD) 0.00, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.04; very low‐quality evidence), mortality before discharge (2 studies; 229 infants; RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.26 to 8.75), corneal opacity requiring corneal transplant (1 study; 286 eyes; RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.26), or lens opacity requiring cataract removal (3 studies; 544 eyes; RR 0.15, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.79). The risk of recurrence of ROP requiring retreatment also did not differ between groups (2 studies; 193 infants; RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.63; RD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.12 to 0.07; very low‐quality evidence). Subgroup analysis showed a significant reduction in the risk of recurrence in infants with zone I ROP (RR 0.15, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.62), but an increased risk of recurrence in infants with zone II ROP (RR 2.53, 95% CI 1.01 to 6.32). Pooled analysis of studies that reported eye‐level outcomes also revealed significant increase in the risk of recurrence of ROP in the eyes that received bevacizumab (RR 5.36, 95% CI 1.22 to 23.50; RD 0.10, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.17). Infants who received intravitreal bevacizumab had a significantly lower risk of refractive errors (very high myopia) at 30 months of age (1 study; 211 eyes; RR 0.06, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.20; RD ‐0.40, 95% CI ‐0.50 to ‐0.30; low‐quality evidence). When used in combination with laser therapy, intravitreal pegaptanib was found to reduce the risk of retinal detachment when compared to laser/cryotherapy alone (152 eyes; RR 0.26, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.55; RD ‐0.29, 95% CI ‐0.42 to ‐0.16; low‐quality evidence). The incidence of recurrence of ROP by 55 weeks' postmenstrual age was also lower in the pegaptanib + laser therapy group (76 infants; RR 0.29, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.7; RD ‐0.35, 95% CI ‐0.55 to ‐0.16; low‐quality evidence). There was no difference in the risk of perioperative retinal haemorrhages between the two groups (152 eyes; RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.56; RD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.16 to 0.05; very low‐quality evidence). However, the risk of delayed systemic adverse effects with any of the three anti‐VEGF drugs is not known. Authors' conclusions Implications for practice: Intravitreal bevacizumab/ranibizumab, when used as monotherapy, reduces the risk of refractive errors during childhood but does not reduce the risk of retinal detachment or recurrence of ROP in infants with type 1 ROP. While the intervention might reduce the risk of recurrence of ROP in infants with zone I ROP, it can potentially result in higher risk of recurrence requiring retreatment in those with zone II ROP. Intravitreal pegaptanib, when used in conjunction with laser therapy, reduces the risk of retinal detachment as well as the recurrence of ROP in infants with type 1 ROP. However, the quality of the evidence was very low to low for most outcomes due to risk of detection bias and other biases. The effects on other critical outcomes and, more importantly, the long‐term systemic adverse effects of the drugs are not known. Insufficient data precludes strong conclusions favouring routine use of intravitreal anti‐VEGF agents ‐ either as monotherapy or in conjunction with laser therapy ‐ in preterm infants with type 1 ROP. Implications for research: Further studies are needed to evaluate the effect of anti‐VEGF agents on structural and functional outcomes in childhood and delayed systemic effects including adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. Plain language summary Anti‐vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) drugs for treatment of retinopathy of prematurity Background Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) is a vascular disorder of the immature retina that can result in impairment of vision and even blindness in preterm infants. It is treated primarily by ablation of the avascular retina, the removal of the part of the retina without any blood vessels by cryotherapy or laser therapy. Though these treatments result in a significant improvement in long‐term outcomes, the results are far from perfect. In addition, they cause permanent loss of the peripheral visual field. Recently, studies have been done to evaluate the use of anti‐VEGF agents to treat ROP. These agents inhibit the action of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), a key regulator of new vessel formation in foetal life. Animal studies had shown significant reduction in the neovascular response following injection of anti‐VEGF antibodies into the vitreous cavity of the eyes ('intravitreal' therapy). Study characteristics We searched scientific databases in December 2016 for studies evaluating the efficacy and safety of intravitreal therapy with anti‐VEGF agents in preterm infants with ROP. We identified six randomised controlled trials involving 383 infants. Five trials compared intravitreal bevacizumab or ranibizumab with conventional laser therapy. One trial compared intravitreal pegaptanib plus laser therapy with laser/cryotherapy alone. Key results The results suggest that intravitreal anti‐VEGF agents reduce the risk of refractive errors (high myopia) during childhood but do not reduce the risk of retinal detachment or recurrence of ROP when used alone. Intravitreal pegaptanib used in conjunction with laser therapy reduces the risk of retinal detachment. The effects on other critical outcomes, including delayed side effects such as stroke, are not known. Further studies are needed to assess these outcomes. Quality of the evidence We graded the quality of the evidence as very low or low for most of the key outcomes. Setting Neonatal units in China, Czech Republic, Italy, Iran, Ireland, and USA.
Short acting beta2‐agonists for bronchiectasis; Abstract - Background Bronchiectasis is a condition characterized by an abnormal and irreversible dilatation of the sub segmental airways and it may be caused by a variety of disease processes. Currently medical treatment includes physiotherapy, antibiotics and occasionally mucolytics. Many people with bronchiectasis receive bronchodilator therapy, since many people with the condition show signs of airflow obstruction and bronchial hyper‐responsiveness. Evidence on effectiveness of bronchodilator therapy in bronchiectasis has only recently started to be systematically studied. Objectives The present review examined the effectiveness of short acting beta‐2 agonist therapy in bronchiectasis, as this is the most frequently used treatment for airflow obstruction in people with this condition. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register. We also checked bibliographies of all identified RCTs to identify potentially relevant citations. Searches are current as of May 2008. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials were considered for inclusion, whether single or double blind. The control group was placebo/no treatment or other drug/physical therapy. Participants could be children or adults diagnosed with bronchiectasis by plain‐film chest radiograph, bronchography or high resolution computerized tomography. Patients were excluded if they had cystic fibrosis. Any type of short acting beta‐2 agonist administered by inhalation or systemic route, used in conjunction with conventional treatment was included. Data collection and analysis In the absence of any relevant RCTs, we were unable to extract or analyse data. Main results We identified 48 articles by the search, the majority of which could be excluded on the basis of the abstract as they were not RCTs. Six articles were retrieved and were all excluded after careful consideration because they were either not RCTs or they did not deal with the question of interest. Authors' conclusions We failed to identify any RCTs investigating the role of short acting beta agonists in bronchiectasis. Since short acting beta‐2 agonist therapy is the most frequently used treatment for airflow obstruction in bronchiectasis, there appears to be the need to investigate the effectiveness of this therapy using an RCT. Plain language summary No randomised trials were found testing short‐acting beta‐2 agonists in people with bronchiectasis. Bronchiectasis is characterised by the build up of mucus in the lungs which can result from other airways disease such as childhood pneumonia or tuberculosis. Medical treatment for bronchiectasis includes physiotherapy, antibiotics and occasionally mucolytics (drugs which are used to try and clear the mucus in the lungs). Since many people with bronchiectasis show signs of poor airflow, bronchodilator therapy such as reliever inhalers is frequently prescribed. Currently there are no randomised controlled trials that investigate the role of these bronchodilators in bronchiectasis. Since short acting beta‐2 agonist therapy is the most frequently used treatment for airflow obstruction in this condition, there appears to be a very great need to investigate the effectiveness of such therapy in clinical trials.
Family therapy for asthma in children; Abstract - Background Psychosocial and emotional factors are important in childhood asthma. Nevertheless, drug therapy alone continues to be the main treatment. Treatment programmes that include behavioural or psychological interventions have been developed to improve disturbed family relations in the families of children with severe asthma. These approaches have been extended to examine the efficacy of family therapy to treat childhood asthma in a wider group of patients. This review systematically examines these studies. Objectives Recognition that asthma can be associated with emotional disturbances has led to the investigation of the role of family therapy in reducing the symptoms and impact of asthma in children. The objective of this review was to assess the effects of family therapy as an adjunct to medication for the treatment of asthma in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of trials, and checked the reference lists in trial reports and review articles. The most recent search was carried out in January 2007. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing children undergoing systematic therapy focusing on the family in conjunction with asthma medication, with children taking asthma medication only. Data collection and analysis Two reviwers (JY and CS) applied the study inclusion criteria. Main results Two trials with a total of 55 children were included. It was not possible to combine the findings of these two studies because of differences in outcome measures used. In one study, gas volume, peak expiratory flow rate and daytime wheeze showed improvement in family therapy patients compared to controls. In the other study, there was an improvement in overall clinical assessment and number of functionally impaired days in the patients receiving family therapy. There was no difference in forced expiratory volume or medication use in both studies. Authors' conclusions There is some indication that family therapy may be a useful adjunct to medication for children with asthma. This conclusion is limited by small study sizes and lack of standardisation in the choice of outcome measures. Plain language summary Family therapy for asthma in children Psychological factors may have an effect on asthma in children, or its severity. As some children with families who are having problems have severe asthma, family therapy has been tried. The aim is to resolve any problems there might be in a family, in case they are causing the child stress and then making asthma worse. The review found some evidence from two trials that family therapy (in addition to standard asthma treatments) might help reduce a child's asthma symptoms, but more research is needed to be certain.
Antenatal immunoglobulin for fetal red blood cell alloimmunization; Abstract - Background Red blood cell alloimmunization in pregnancy can lead to fetal anaemia with potentially disastrous consequences. Traditional management involves the use of intrauterine transfusion, which is associated with significant procedure‐related risks. An alternative treatment that has been trialled is the use of immunoglobulin administered intravenously to the mother. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy and safety of the use of intravenous immunoglobulin antenatally to women with severe fetal red blood cell alloimmunization. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group trials register (19 December 2012), and reference lists of articles. Selection criteria Randomized trials assessing the antenatal use of intravenous immunoglobulin administered at any dose, frequency or duration with a control group (using any other, or no treatment) in the management of fetal red blood cell alloimmunization. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the available evidence. Main results There are no included studies. Authors' conclusions No information is available from randomized trials to indicate whether the antenatal use of intravenous immunoglobulin is effective in the management of fetal red blood cell alloimmunization. Several case series suggest a beneficial role in delaying the onset of fetal anaemia requiring invasive intrauterine transfusion. Plain language summary Antenatal immunoglobulin for fetal red blood cell alloimmunization Pregnant women may develop antibodies in response to antigens on fetal red blood cells. The antibodies that result can cross the placenta to the fetus and break down red blood cells, leading to fetal anaemia. This has become less common with the routine use of anti D immunoglobulin in pregnant women with a Rhesus D‐negative blood group and no pre‐existing anti‐D antibodies, but remains a cause of fetal death. Currently, standard management involves monitoring antibody titres in conjunction with ultrasound assessment of fetal well‐being, and the use of intrauterine transfusion when fetal anaemia is diagnosed. Unfortunately, intrauterine transfusion poses significant risks because of its inherent invasiveness and procedure‐related risks, including a risk of perinatal death. Intravenous immunoglobulin has been proposed as an alternative form of treatment, with the advantage of being less invasive. There are no randomized trials of intravenous immunoglobulin given antenatally to women with severe fetal red blood cell alloimmunization to show if this offers any benefit over other forms of treatment or no treatment, but there are case series suggesting a possible role in delaying the onset of fetal anaemia requiring invasive intrauterine transfusion.
Magnesium sulfate for treating exacerbations of acute asthma in the emergency department; Abstract - Background Treatment of acute asthma is based on rapid reversal of bronchospasm and arresting airway inflammation. There is some evidence that intravenous magnesium can provide additional bronchodilation when given in conjunction with standard bronchodilating agents and corticosteroids. No systematic review of this literature has been completed on this topic. Objectives To examine the effect of additional intravenous magnesium sulfate in patients with acute asthma managed in the emergency department. Search methods Randomised controlled trials were identified from the Cochrane Airways Review Group register. Bibliographies from included studies, known reviews and texts were searched. Primary authors and content experts were contacted. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials or quasi‐randomised trials were eligible for inclusion. Studies were included if patients presented with acute asthma and were treated with IV magnesium sulfate versus placebo. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted and methodological quality was assessed independently by two reviewers. Missing data were obtained from authors. Main results Seven trials were included (5 adult, 2 pediatric). A total of 665 patients were involved. Patients receiving magnesium sulfate demonstrated non‐significant improvements in peak expiratory flow rates when all studies were pooled (weighted mean difference: 29.4 L/min; 95% confidence interval: ‐3.4 to 62). In studies of people with severe acute asthma, peak expiratory flow rate improved by 52.3 L/min (95% confidence interval: 27 to 77.5). The forced expiratory volume in one second also improved by 9.8 % predicted (95% confidence interval: 3.8 to 15.8). Overall, admission to hospital was not reduced, odds ratio: 0.31 (95% confidence interval: 0.09 to 1.02). In the severe subgroup, admissions were reduced in those receiving magnesium sulfate (odds ratio: 0.10, 95% confidence interval: 0.04 to 0.27). No clinically important changes in vital signs or adverse side effects were reported. Authors' conclusions Current evidence does not support routine use of intravenous magnesium sulfate in all patients with acute asthma presenting to the emergency department. Magnesium sulfate appears to be safe and beneficial in patients who present with severe acute asthma. Plain language summary Magnesium sulfate for treating exacerbations of acute asthma in the emergency department In an asthma attack, the airways (passages to the lungs) narrow from muscle spasms and swelling (inflammation). Bronchodilator drugs (reliever inhalers) can be used to relax the muscles and open the airways, and corticosteroid drugs to reduce the inflammation. Magnesium sulfate is a drug that can also affect muscles, and may reduce inflammation as well. It can be given through a drip in the veins (intravenously). The review of trials found that intravenous magnesium sulfate in addition to bronchodilators seems to be safe and beneficial for people with severe asthma attacks, or those for whom bronchodilators are not working.
Routine neonatal circumcision for the prevention of urinary tract infections in infancy; Abstract - Background Neonatal circumcision is a fairly common surgical procedure that may be carried out for medical reasons, one of them being prevention of urinary tract infections (UTI) in male infants. Circumcision could help in reducing the incidence of UTI by reducing periurethral bacterial colonization, which is accepted as a potential risk factor in UTI. Evidence is needed to inform the benefits or harm for the routine use of this intervention. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of routine neonatal circumcision for the prevention of UTIs in infancy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group Trials Register comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearches of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. We completed this search 30 June 2011. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors had planned to independently screen studies, extract data and assess risk of bias using standard Cochrane Collaboration methodologies. We did not identify any studies for inclusion in this review. Main results We did not identify any relevant studies after a comprehensive search of the literature. Authors' conclusions We were unable to identify any randomised controlled trials on the use of routine neonatal circumcision for prevention of UTI in male infants. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should continue to base their decisions on position statements and recommendations and in conjunction with the opinions of the children's parents. Plain language summary Newborn circumcision for the prevention of urinary tract infections in infancy Routine neonatal circumcision is a fairly common surgical procedure that may be carried out for medical or religious reasons. The incidence of urinary tract infection (UTI) is greater in uncircumcised babies. Circumcision is a relatively simple procedure and is associated with minimal complications when carried out in neonates rather than in later life. We did not find any trials to support or refute the effectiveness of routine neonatal circumcision to prevent UTI in infancy. Although limited data from previous studies have shown that this intervention might be beneficial, questions regarding the safety and effectiveness of routine neonatal circumcision for the prevention of UTIs in infancy remain unanswered.
Exercise for diabetic pregnant women; Abstract - Background Diabetes in pregnancy may result in unfavourable maternal and neonatal outcomes. Exercise was proposed as an additional strategy to improve glycaemic control. The effect of exercise during pregnancies complicated by diabetes needs to be assessed. Objectives To evaluate the effect of exercise programs, alone or in conjunction with other therapies, compared to no specific program or to other therapies, in pregnant women with diabetes on perinatal and maternal morbidity and on the frequency of prescription of insulin to control glycaemia. To compare the effectiveness of different types of exercise programs on perinatal and maternal morbidity. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 December 2005). We updated this search on 1 October 2009 and added the results to the awaiting classification section. Selection criteria All known randomised controlled trials evaluating the effect of exercise in diabetic pregnant women on perinatal outcome and maternal morbidity. Data collection and analysis We evaluated relevant studies for meeting the inclusion criteria and methodological quality. Three review authors abstracted the data. For all data analyses, we entered data based on the principle of intention to treat. We calculated relative risks and 95% confidence intervals for dichotomous data. Main results Four trials, involving 114 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, were included in the review. None included pregnant women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Women were recruited during the third trimester and the intervention was performed for about six weeks. The programs generally consisted in exercising three times a week for 20 to 45 minutes. We found no significant difference between exercise and the other regimen in all the outcomes evaluated. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to recommend, or advise against, diabetic pregnant women to enrol in exercise programs. Further trials, with larger sample size, involving women with gestational diabetes, and possibly type 1 and 2 diabetes, are needed to evaluate this intervention. [Note: The six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.] Plain language summary Exercise for diabetic pregnant women Insufficient information available to recommend or advise against diabetic pregnant women enrolling on exercise programs. Exercise was proposed to improve glycaemic control in pregnant women with diabetes. Four small trials involving 114 pregnant women evaluated this intervention. None included pregnant women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. There is insufficient evidence to recommend, or advise against, diabetic pregnant women enrolling in exercise programs. Further trials, with larger sample size, are needed.
Topical treatments for blepharokeratoconjunctivitis in children; Abstract - Background Blepharokeratoconjunctivitis (BKC) is a type of inflammation of the surface of the eye and eyelids that involves changes of the eyelids, dysfunction of the meibomian glands, and inflammation of the conjunctiva and cornea. Chronic inflammation of the cornea can lead to scarring, vascularisation and opacity. BKC in children can cause significant symptoms including irritation, watering, photophobia and loss of vision from corneal opacity, refractive error or amblyopia. Treatment of BKC is directed towards modification of meibomian gland disease and the bacterial flora of lid margin and conjunctiva, and control of ocular surface inflammation. Although both topical and systemic treatments are used to treat people with BKC, this Cochrane review focuses on topical treatments. Objectives To assess and compare data on the efficacy and safety of topical treatments (including antibiotics, steroids, immunosuppressants and lubricants), alone or in combination, for BKC in children from birth to 16 years. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2016, Issue 6), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process and Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Ovid OLDMEDLINE ( January 1946 to 11 July 2016), Embase (January 1980 to 11 July 2016), the ISRCTN registry ( www.isrctn.com/editAdvancedSearch ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 11 July 2016. We searched the reference lists of identified reports and the Science Citation Index to identify any additional reports of studies that met the inclusion criteria. Selection criteria We searched for randomised controlled trials that involved topical treatments in children up to 16 years of age with a clinical diagnosis of BKC. We planned to include studies that evaluated a single topical medication versus placebo, a combination of treatments versus placebo, and those that compared two or multiple active treatments. We planned to include studies in which participants received additional treatments, such as oral antibiotics, oral anti‐inflammatories, warm lid compresses and lid margin cleaning. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the results of the literature search (titles and abstracts) to identify studies that met the inclusion criteria of the review and applied standards as expected for Cochrane reviews. We graded the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included one study from the USA that met the inclusion criteria. In the study, 137 children aged zero to six years old with blepharoconjunctivitis were randomised to treatment in one of four trial arms (loteprednol etabonate/tobramycin combination, loteprednol etabonate alone, tobramycin alone or placebo) for 15 days, with assessments on days 1, 3, 7 and 15. We judged the study to be at high risk of attrition bias and bias due to selective outcome reporting. The study did not report the number of children with improvement in symptoms nor with total or partial success as measured by changes in clinical symptoms. All children showed a reduction in blepharoconjunctivitis grade score, but there was no evidence of important differences between groups. Visual acuity was not fully reported but the authors stated that there was no change in visual acuity in any of the treatment groups. The study reported ocular and non ocular adverse events but was underpowered to detect differences between the groups. Ocular adverse events were as follows: loteprednol/tobramycin 1/34 (eye pain); loteprednol 4/35 (eye pain, conjunctivitis, eye discharge, eye inflammation); tobramycin 0/34; placebo (vehicle) 0/34. The evidence was limited for all these outcomes and we judged it to be very low certainty. There was no information on clinical signs (aside from grade score), disease progression or quality of life. Authors' conclusions There is no high‐quality evidence of the safety and efficacy of topical treatments for BKC, which resulted in uncertainty about the indications and effectiveness of topical treatment. Clinical trials are required to test efficacy and safety of current and any future treatments. Outcome measures need to be developed which can capture both objective clinical and patient‐reported aspects of the condition and treatments. Plain language summary Topical treatment for blepharokeratoconjunctivitis (BKC) in children What is the aim of this review?   The aim of this Cochrane review was to find out if topical treatment (by eye drops or ointments) for BKC in children improves symptoms and is safe. Cochrane researchers collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and included one study in this review. Key messages   There is no good evidence as to the benefits and harms of topical treatments for BKC in children. What was studied in the review?   When the surface of the eye and eyelids becomes inflamed this is known as blepharokeratoconjunctivitis or BKC. This can cause watery, itchy, red eyes that are painful in bright light. Occasionally it can lead to scarring at the front of the eye and result in loss of vision. It is a quite common reason for children attending for eye care. Antibiotics, steroids and lubricants have been considered as possible treatments for this condition and can be given as eye drops or ointments. What are the main results of the review?   Cochrane researchers found one study that looked at the effects of a combination of steroids and antibiotics in treatment of BKC in children. The study did not report the effects of this treatment clearly and was too small to provide a good assessment of safety. How up‐to‐date is this review?   The Cochrane researchers searched for studies that had been published up to 11 July 2016.
Polysaccharide vaccines for preventing serogroup A meningococcal meningitis; Abstract - Background Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in the 1970s and early 1980s showed the polysaccharide serogroup A vaccine (SgAV) prevented serogroup A meningococcal meningitis (SGAMM). Subsequent non‐RCTs suggested significant variations in the age‐specific duration of protection among children. Objectives To determine the protective effect, duration of protection, age‐specific effects and the effect of booster doses in children of the SgAV against SGAMM. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2010, issue 2) which contains the Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (January 1950 to May Week 3, 2010) and EMBASE (January 1974 to May 2010). Selection criteria We included RCTs. Non‐RCTs that addressed outcomes not addressed by the RCTs were then identified and assessed. Data collection and analysis We assessed the methodological quality of RCTs and identified and assessed the non‐RCTs. Of the 12 eligible RCTs, four were excluded because of high risk of bias. Data were pooled from the trials using the Exact method to assess vaccine efficacy. Of the 15 non‐RCTs, only two addressed objectives not answered by the RCT but were assessed to be at high risk of bias. Main results Eight out of 12 eligible RCTs were included; 236,760 participants were vaccinated and 243,308 participants were controls. The protective effect of the vaccine in the first year was consistent across RCTs ‐ summary vaccine efficacy 95% (95% CI 87% to 99%). Protection extended to the second and third year after vaccination but the results did not attain statistical significance. The vaccine was protective in Finnish children aged three months to five years. The latter was the only trial to offer booster doses to young children but lacked statistical power. The vaccine was protective in one‐ to five‐year olds in low‐income countries but the efficacy in narrower age strata could not be determined. Authors' conclusions The  vaccine was strongly protective for the first year in children over five and adults, but its efficacy beyond the first year could not be determined with precision. Children aged one to five years in low‐income countries were also protected but the efficacy in this age group could not be determined. While the vaccine was strongly protective among children aged three months to five years in Finland, the efficacy in narrower age strata could not be determined. The sample size was too small to draw conclusions on the effect of booster doses. Plain language summary Polysaccharide vaccines for preventing serogroup A meningococcal meningitis Meningococcal meningitis is a brain infection caused by bacteria living in the back of the throat. The bacteria can cause infection of the blood (septicaemia) and of the brain coverings (meningitis). Infection can progress very quickly to damage the brain and can be fatal. The polysaccharide vaccine is strongly protective in children over five years and in adults. Whilst the vaccine is also protective in children aged three months to five years, in low‐income countries the level of protection in children of this age group is not very clear. This review found there was not enough evidence from trials to answer some important questions about vaccination for meningococcal meningitis. Meningitis is the most common manifestation of invasive disease caused by  Neisseria meningitidis (N. meningitidis) . Other clinical manifestations include septicaemia, conjunctivitis, pericarditis and arthritis. Meningitis and septicaemia can be rapidly fatal if untreated.  N. meningitidis  is a normal commensal of the throat and may be found in about 10% of a healthy population. Reasons why the bacteria may become invasive to cause disease are unclear. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the polysaccharide serogroup A vaccine prevented meningitis caused by the serogroup A strain of meningococci, and the vaccine has since been used effectively to control epidemics. However, observational studies suggested variations in the level and duration of protection, particularly among younger children, thus resulting in different interpretations of the potential value of routine vaccinations. The review was conducted to provide a summary estimate of the efficacy of the vaccine, its effectiveness in children under five years old, and its duration of protection. Results from 8 out of 12 eligible RCTs were included, and showed the vaccine highly protective in the first year after vaccination: the summary estimate of efficacy was 95% (95% confidence interval (CI) 87% to 99%). Although protection extended to the third year after vaccination, the results were not statistically significant. The vaccine was protective in Finnish children aged three months to five years, but the effect of a booster dose in children under two years was not statistically significant. The vaccine was protective in one‐ to five‐year old children in low‐income countries but its effectiveness by one or two‐year age strata in this age group could not be determined. Two of 15 eligible non‐RCTs were included in the analysis, but were at high risk of bias.
Tartrazine exclusion for allergic asthma; Abstract - Background Tartrazine is the best known and one of the most commonly used food additives. Food colorants are also used in many medications as well as foods. There has been conflicting evidence as to whether tartrazine causes exacerbations of asthma with some studies finding a positive association especially in individuals with cross‐sensitivity to aspirin. Objectives To assess the overall effect of tartrazine (exclusion or challenge) in the management of asthma. Search methods A search was carried out on the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register. Bibliographies of each RCT was searched for additional papers. Authors of identified RCTs were contacted for further information. Searches are updated annually and are current as of February 2006. Selection criteria RCTs of oral administration of tartrazine (as a challenge) versus placebo or dietary avoidance of tartrazine versus normal diet were considered. Studies which focused upon allergic asthma, were also included. Studies of tartrazine exclusion for other allergic conditions such as hay fever, allergic rhinitis and eczema were only considered if the results for subjects with asthma were separately identified. Trials could be in either adults or children with asthma or allergic asthma (e.g. sensitivity to aspirin or food items known to contain tartrazine). Data collection and analysis Study quality was assessed and data abstracted by two reviewers independently. Outcomes were analysed using RevMan 4.1.1. Main results Ninety four abstracts were found, of which 20 were potentially relevant. Six? met the inclusion criteria, but only three presented results in a format that permitted analysis and none could be combined in a meta‐analysis. In none of the studies did tartrazine challenge or avoidance in diet significantly alter asthma outcomes. Authors' conclusions Due to the paucity of available evidence, it is not possible to provide firm conclusions as to the effects of tartrazine on asthma control. However, the six RCTs that could be included in this review all arrived at the same conclusion. Routine tartrazine exclusion may not benefit most patients, except those very few individuals with proven sensitivity. Plain language summary Tartrazine exclusion for allergic asthma Tartrazine is the best known and one of the most commonly used food additives. Food colorants are also used in many medications as well as foods. There is no evidence that tartrazine makes asthma worse or avoiding it makes asthma patients any better.
Antibiotics for the common cold and acute purulent rhinitis; Abstract - Background It has long been believed that antibiotics have no role in the treatment of common colds yet they are often prescribed in the belief that they may prevent secondary bacterial infections. Objectives To determine the efficacy of antibiotics compared with placebo for reducing general and specific nasopharyngeal symptoms of acute upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) (common colds).  To determine if antibiotics have any influence on the outcomes for acute purulent rhinitis and acute clear rhinitis lasting less than 10 days before the intervention.  To determine whether there are significant adverse outcomes associated with antibiotic therapy for participants with a clinical diagnosis of acute URTI or acute purulent rhinitis. Search methods For this 2013 update we searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 1, MEDLINE (March 2005 to February week 2, 2013), EMBASE (January 2010 to February 2013), CINAHL (2005 to February 2013), LILACS (2005 to February 2013) and Biosis Previews (2005 to February 2013). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing any antibiotic therapy against placebo in people with symptoms of acute upper respiratory tract infection for less than seven days, or acute purulent rhinitis less than 10 days in duration. Data collection and analysis Both review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed to one or more analyses relating to purulent rhinitis, with up to 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta‐analyses. Interpretation of the combined data is limited because some studies included only children, or only adults, or only males; a wide range of antibiotics were used and outcomes were measured in different ways. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. Participants receiving antibiotics for the common cold did no better in terms of lack of cure or persistence of symptoms than those on placebo (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 1.51, (random‐effects)), based on a pooled analysis of six trials with a total of 1047 participants. The RR of adverse effects in the antibiotic group was 1.8, 95% CI 1.01 to 3.21, (random‐effects). Adult participants had a significantly greater risk of adverse effects with antibiotics than with placebo (RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.32 to 5.18) (random‐effects) while there was no greater risk in children (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.63). The pooled RR for persisting acute purulent rhinitis with antibiotics compared to placebo was 0.73 (95% CI 0.47 to 1.13) (random‐effects), based on four studies with 723 participants. There was an increase in adverse effects in the studies of antibiotics for acute purulent rhinitis (RR 1.46, 95% CI 1.10 to 1.94). Authors' conclusions There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in children or adults. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults when given for the common cold and in all ages when given for acute purulent rhinitis. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended. Plain language summary Antibiotics for the common cold, an infection of the upper respiratory tract Most people around the world will have one or more common cold episodes every year. Except in low‐income countries, the common cold is one of the most cited reasons for people to use antibiotics, even more so if the mucus from their nose is coloured (acute purulent rhinitis). However, common colds are caused by viruses, which do not respond to antibiotics, and antibiotics can cause side effects, especially diarrhoea. Overuse of antibiotics leads to bacteria becoming resistant to antibiotics. To find out whether antibiotics work for the common cold we identified studies that compared one group of people taking an antibiotic with another group of people taking a medication that looked similar but contained no antibiotic (a placebo). We found six studies of the common cold, with 1047 participants and five studies of acute purulent rhinitis, with 791 participants. Many of the studies had flaws which might have biased the results, especially because many of the participants probably had chest or sinus infections that the researchers did not know about. Results suggest that antibiotics do not work for either the common cold or for acute purulent rhinitis and many people are affected by antibiotic side effects.
Non‐pharmacological therapies for dysphagia in Parkinson's disease; Abstract - Background Dysphagia occurs frequently in Parkinson's disease although patients themselves may be unaware of swallowing difficulties. Speech and language therapists in conjunction with nurses and dietitians use techniques that aim to improve swallowing and reduce the risk of choking, aspiration and chest infections. Objectives To compare the efficacy and effectiveness of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy for dysphagia versus placebo or no intervention in patients with Parkinson's disease.   To compare one form of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy for dysphagia with another in patients with Parkinson's disease. Search methods Relevant trials were identified by electronic searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, ISI‐SCI, AMED, MANTIS, REHABDATA, REHADAT, GEROLIT, Pascal, LILACS, MedCarib, JICST‐EPlus, AIM, IMEMR, SIGLE, ISI‐ISTP, DISSABS, Conference Papers Index, Aslib Index to Theses, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, the CentreWatch Clinical Trials listing service, the metaRegister of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, CRISP, PEDro, NIDRR and NRR; and examination of the reference lists of identified studies and other reviews. Selection criteria Only randomised controlled trials (RCT) were included. We did not examine any trials using drugs or surgery to treat the dysphagia. We did not examine any trials where part of the therapist's advice was to insert a nasogastric or percutaneous gastrostomy tube. Data collection and analysis Not applicable. Main results No randomised controlled trials or controlled trials were found that examined the efficacy of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy for the treatment of dysphagia in Parkinson's disease. However there is one large RCT currently recruiting patients that will compare 'chin down' posture with thickened liquids in the treatment of dysphagia. The main outcomes will be the rates of aspiration and pneumonia. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence to support or refute the efficacy of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy for dysphagia in Parkinson's disease. Large well designed placebo‐controlled RCTs are required to assess the effectiveness of swallowing therapy for dysphagia in Parkinson's disease and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Suitable outcome measures should be chosen so that the efficacy and effectiveness of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy can be assessed and an economic analysis performed. Outcomes which have meaning to patients and carers should be used wherever possible since they need to know the value of this therapy in practical terms. The patients should be followed for at least 6 months to determine the duration of any improvement. Plain language summary Dysphagia occurs frequently in Parkinson's disease although patients themselves may be unaware of swallowing difficulties. Speech and language therapists in conjunction with nurses and dietiticians use techniques that aim to improve swallowing and reduce the risk of choking and chest infections. This review compared the benefits of swallowing therapy versus placebo (sham therapy) or no therapy for swallowing disorders in Parkinson's disease. Relevant trials were identified by electronic searches of 21 medical literature databases, various registers of clinical trials and an examination of the reference lists of identified studies and other reviews. Only randomised controlled trials (RCT) were eligible for this review. In RCTs the patients are assigned to each of the groups in a random fashion so as to reduce the potential for bias. Either one group of patients had swallowing therapy, the other had a sham treatment or no treatment, or two forms of swallowing therapy were compared to each other. There were no controlled trials, randomised or otherwise, in this field. Therefore there is no trial evidence to prove or disprove the benefit of swallowing therapy for the treatment of swallowing disorders in people with Parkinson's disease. It should be emphasised that this lack of evidence does not mean lack of effect. There is one large RCT currently recruiting patients that will compare 'chin down' posture with thickened liquids in the treatment of dysphagia. The main outcomes in this study will be the rates of aspiration and pneumonia. Large well designed placebo‐controlled RCTs are needed to assess the effectiveness of swallowing therapy for swallowing disorders in Parkinson's disease. The design of the trials should minimise bias and be reported fully using CONSORT guidelines. Outcome measures with particular relevance to patients should be chosen and the patients followed for at least 6 months to determine the duration of any improvement.
Recruitment manoeuvres for adults with acute respiratory distress syndrome receiving mechanical ventilation; Abstract - Background Recruitment manoeuvres involve transient elevations in airway pressure applied during mechanical ventilation to open (‘recruit’) collapsed lung units and increase the number of alveoli participating in tidal ventilation. Recruitment manoeuvres are often used to treat patients in intensive care who have acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), but the effect of this treatment on clinical outcomes has not been well established. This systematic review is an update of a Cochrane review originally published in 2009. Objectives Our primary objective was to determine the effects of recruitment manoeuvres on mortality in adults with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Our secondary objective was to determine, in the same population, the effects of recruitment manoeuvres on oxygenation and adverse events (e.g. rate of barotrauma). Search methods For this updated review, we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (OVID), Embase (OVID), the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL, EBSCO), Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences (LILACS) and the International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN) registry from inception to August 2016. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of adults who were mechanically ventilated that compared recruitment manoeuvres versus standard care for patients given a diagnosis of ARDS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We contacted study authors for additional information. Main results Ten trials met the inclusion criteria for this review (n = 1658 participants). We found five trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be at moderate risk of bias. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end‐expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit (ICU) mortality (risk ratio (RR) 0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 0.97, P = 0.02, low‐quality evidence), pooled data from five trials (1450 participants) showed no difference in 28‐day mortality (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.01, P = 0.06, low‐quality evidence) and pooled data from four trials (1313 participants) showed no difference in in‐hospital mortality (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.01, P = 0.07, low‐quality evidence). Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.53, P = 0.60, seven studies, 1508 participants, moderate‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation strategy", whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (including co‐interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult. A ventilation strategy that included recruitment manoeuvres in participants with ARDS reduced intensive care unit mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma but had no effect on 28‐day and hospital mortality. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co‐interventions as part of an open lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. Plain language summary Recruitment manoeuvres as a ventilation strategy for adults with acute respiratory failure due to lung injury Background:  Acute respiratory failure is a common condition amongst adults admitted to intensive care units (ICUs) worldwide. Although respiratory failure has many causes, it may be due to a condition known as acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). This term describes a condition in which both of the lungs have become injured and inflamed from one of various causes, and they do not work as they normally would to provide oxygen to and remove carbon dioxide from the body. This leads to a reduced amount of oxygen in the blood. Patients may require connection to a ventilator (breathing machine) to support their breathing. This therapy is known as mechanical ventilation. Supportive care with mechanical ventilation is an important pillar of standard treatment for patients with ARDS. Although it may be life‐saving, mechanical ventilation may further contribute to lung injury by expanding and collapsing the lungs or overstretching lung tissue. To minimize damage to injured lungs, smaller volumes of air at lower pressures have been used in conjunction with a positive opening pressure at the end of expiration (PEEP). This ventilation strategy has been shown to shorten the time that patients require mechanical ventilation while improving survival; it has been adopted as standard care for patients with ARDS who are in intensive care. Along with this strategy, additional ventilation techniques have been developed. One such technique is known as a recruitment manoeuvre; when combined with higher PEEP, it is called the open lung ventilation strategy. A recruitment manoeuvre uses sustained deep breaths to assist in the recruitment ‐ or re‐opening ‐ of collapsed lung units. This may increase the number of lung units available for breathing and may improve patient outcomes. Effects of recruitment manoeuvres have not been well established. Search date:  Evidence is current to August 2016. Study characteristics:  We included 10 trials in this review, which included a total of 1658 participants with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Key results:  Low‐quality evidence suggests that recruitment manoeuvres improve ICU survival but not 28‐day or hospital survival. Recruitment manoeuvres have no effect on the risk of air leakage from the lungs. Quality of the evidence:  We found the evidence for most outcomes to be of low to moderate quality, primarily because of the design of included trials. Many trials used the recruitment manoeuvre in conjunction with other ventilation techniques or strategies, and this might have influenced outcomes. Caution should be applied when conclusions are drawn about the effectiveness of the recruitment manoeuvre alone.
Chinese herbal medicine for endometriosis; Abstract - Background Endometriosis is characterized by the presence of tissue that is morphologically and biologically similar to normal endometrium in locations outside the uterus. Surgical and hormonal treatment of endometriosis have unpleasant side effects and high rates of relapse. In China, treatment of endometriosis using Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) is routine and considerable research into the role of CHM in alleviating pain, promoting fertility, and preventing relapse has taken place. This review is an update of a previous review published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2009, issue No 3. Objectives To review the effectiveness and safety of CHM in alleviating endometriosis‐related pain and infertility. Search methods We searched the Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group Trials Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library ) and the following English language electronic databases (from their inception to 31/10/2011): MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, CINAHL, and NLH. We also searched Chinese language electronic databases: Chinese Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Chinese Sci & Tech Journals (VIP), Traditional Chinese Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System (TCMLARS), and Chinese Medical Current Contents (CMCC). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving CHM versus placebo, biomedical treatment, another CHM intervention; or CHM plus biomedical treatment versus biomedical treatment were selected. Only trials with confirmed randomisation procedures and laparoscopic diagnosis of endometriosis were included. Data collection and analysis Risk of bias assessment, and data extraction and analysis were performed independently by three review authors. Data were combined for meta‐analysis using relative risk (RR) for dichotomous data. A fixed‐effect statistical model was used, where appropriate. Data not suitable for meta‐analysis were presented as descriptive data. Main results Two Chinese RCTs involving 158 women were included in this review. Although both these trials described adequate methodology they were of limited quality. Neither trial compared CHM with placebo treatment. There was no evidence of a significant difference in rates of symptomatic relief between CHM and gestrinone administered subsequent to laparoscopic surgery (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.18). There was no significant difference between the CHM and gestrinone groups with regard to the total pregnancy rate (69.6% versus 59.1%; RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.59, one RCT). CHM administered orally and then in conjunction with a herbal enema resulted in a greater proportion of women obtaining symptomatic relief than with danazol (RR 5.06, 95% CI 1.28 to 20.05; RR 5.63, 95% CI 1.47 to 21.54, respectively). Oral plus enema administration of CHM resulted in a greater reduction in average dysmenorrhoea pain scores than did danazol (mean difference (MD) ‐2.90, 95% CI ‐4.55 to ‐1.25).  For lumbosacral pain, rectal discomfort, or vaginal nodules tenderness, there was no significant difference between CHM and danazol. Overall, 100% of women in both studies showed some improvement in their symptoms. Women taking CHM had fewer side effects than those taking either gestrinone or danazol. Authors' conclusions Post‐surgical administration of CHM may have comparable benefits to gestrinone. Oral CHM may have a better overall treatment effect than danazol and it may be more effective in relieving dysmenorrhoea when used in conjunction with a CHM enema. CHM appears to have fewer side effects than either gestrinone or danazol. However, more rigorous research is required to accurately assess the potential role of CHM in treating endometriosis. Plain language summary Chinese herbs for endometriosis Endometriosis is a common gynaecological condition causing menstrual and pelvic pain. Treatment involves surgery and hormonal drugs, with potentially unpleasant side effects and high rates of reoccurrence of endometriosis. The two small studies in this review suggest that Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) may be as effective as gestrinone and may be more effective than danazol in relieving endometriosis‐related pain, with fewer side effects than experienced with conventional treatment. However, the two trials included in this review were small and of limited quality so these findings must be interpreted cautiously. Better quality randomised controlled trials are needed to investigate a possible role for CHM in the treatment of endometriosis.
Skin grafting and tissue replacement for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes; Abstract - Background Foot ulceration is a major problem in people with diabetes and is the leading cause of hospitalisation and limb amputations. Skin grafts and tissue replacements can be used to reconstruct skin defects for people with diabetic foot ulcers in addition to providing them with standard care. Skin substitutes can consist of bioengineered or artificial skin, autografts (taken from the patient), allografts (taken from another person) or xenografts (taken from animals). Objectives To determine the benefits and harms of skin grafting and tissue replacement for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes. Search methods In April 2015 we searched: The Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations); Ovid EMBASE and EBSCO CINAHL. We also searched clinical trial registries to identify ongoing studies. We did not apply restrictions to language, date of publication or study setting. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials (RCTs) of skin grafts or tissue replacements for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of the included studies. Main results We included seventeen studies with a total of 1655 randomised participants in this review. Risk of bias was variable among studies. Blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessment was not possible in most trials because of obvious differences between the treatments. The lack of a blinded outcome assessor may have caused detection bias when ulcer healing was assessed. However, possible detection bias is hard to prevent due to the nature of the skin replacement products we assessed, and the fact that they are easily recognisable. Strikingly, nearly all studies (15/17) reported industry involvement; at least one of the authors was connected to a commercial organisation or the study was funded by a commercial organisation. In addition, the funnel plot for assessing risk of bias appeared to be asymmetrical; suggesting that small studies with 'negative' results are less likely to be published. Thirteen of the studies included in this review compared a skin graft or tissue replacement with standard care. Four studies compared two grafts or tissue replacements with each other. When we pooled the results of all the individual studies, the skin grafts and tissue replacement products that were used in the trials increased the healing rate of foot ulcers in patients with diabetes compared to standard care (risk ratio (RR) 1.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.30 to 1.85,  low quality of evidence ). However, the strength of effect was variable depending on the specific product that was used (e.g. EpiFix® RR 11.08, 95% CI 1.69 to 72.82 and OrCel® RR 1.75, 95% CI 0.61 to 5.05). Based on the four included studies that directly compared two products, no specific type of skin graft or tissue replacement showed a superior effect on ulcer healing over another type of skin graft or tissue replacement. Sixteen of the included studies reported on adverse events in various ways. No study reported a statistically significant difference in the occurrence of adverse events between the intervention and the control group. Only two of the included studies reported on total incidence of lower limb amputations. We found fewer amputations in the experimental group compared with the standard care group when we pooled the results of these two studies, although the absolute risk reduction for amputation was small (RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.81; risk difference (RD) ‐0.06, 95% CI ‐0.10 to ‐0.01,  very low quality of evidence ). Authors' conclusions Based on the studies included in this review, the overall therapeutic effect of skin grafts and tissue replacements used in conjunction with standard care shows an increase in the healing rate of foot ulcers and slightly fewer amputations in people with diabetes compared with standard care alone. However, the data available to us was insufficient for us to draw conclusions on the effectiveness of different types of skin grafts or tissue replacement therapies. In addition, evidence of long term effectiveness is lacking and cost‐effectiveness is uncertain. Plain language summary Skin grafting and tissue replacement for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes Background Foot ulceration is a major problem in people with diabetes and is the leading cause of hospital admissions and limb amputations. Despite the current variety of strategies available for the treatment of foot ulcers in people with diabetes, not all ulcers heal completely. Additional treatments with skin grafts and tissue replacement products have been developed to help complete wound closure. Review question What are the benefits and harms of skin grafting and tissue replacement for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes? What we found We included thirteen randomised studies that compared two types of skin grafts or tissue replacements with standard care and four randomised studies that compared two grafts or tissue replacements with each other. In total 1655 patients were randomised in these seventeen trials. Risk of bias was variable among studies. The biggest drawbacks were the lack of blinding (i.e. patients and investigators were aware who was receiving the experimental therapy and who was receiving the standard therapy), industry involvement and the possibility that small studies were less likely to be published if they reported 'negative' results. Adverse advent rates (harm due to the treatment) varied widely. Conclusion Based on the seventeen studies included in this review, skin grafts and tissue replacements, used in conjunction with standard care, increase the healing rate of foot ulcers and lead to slightly fewer amputations in people with diabetes compared with standard care alone. However, evidence of long term effectiveness is lacking and cost‐effectiveness is uncertain. There was not enough evidence for us to be able to recommend a specific type of skin graft or tissue replacement. This plain language summary is up‐to‐date as of 9 April 2015.
Chinese herbal medicine for treating recurrent urinary tract infections in women; Abstract - Background Acute urinary tract infection (UTI) is a common bacterial infection that affects 40% to 50% of women. Between 20% and 30% of women who have had a UTI will experience a recurrence, and around 25% will develop ongoing recurrent episodes with implications for individual well‐being and healthcare costs. Prophylactic antibiotics can prevent recurrent UTIs but there are growing concerns about microbial resistance, side effects from treatment and lack of long‐term benefit. Consequently, alternative treatments are being investigated. Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) has a recorded history of treating UTI symptoms and more recent research suggests a potential role in the management of recurrent UTIs. This review aimed to evaluate CHM for recurrent UTI. Objectives This review assessed the benefits and harms of CHM for the treatment of recurrent UTIs in adult women, both as a stand‐alone therapy and in conjunction with other pharmaceutical interventions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant's Specialised Register to 7 May 2015 through contact with the Trials Search Co‐ordinator, using search terms relevant to this review. We also searched AMED, CINAHL and the Chinese language electronic databases Chinese BioMedical Literature Database (CBM), China Network on Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), VIP and Wan Fang Databases to July 2014. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing treatments using CHM with either an inactive placebo or conventional biomedical treatment. RCTs comparing different CHM strategies and treatments were eligible for inclusion. Quasi‐randomised studies were excluded. Data collection and analysis Data extraction was carried out independently by two authors. Where more than one publication of one study existed, these were grouped and the publication with the most complete data was used in the analyses. Where relevant outcomes were only published in earlier versions these data were used. All meta‐analyses were performed using relative risk (RR) for dichotomous outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included seven RCTs that involved a total of 542 women; of these, five recruited post‐menopausal women (aged from 56 to 70 years) (422 women). We assessed all studies to be at high risk of bias. Meta‐analyses comparing the overall effectiveness of treatments during acute phases of infection and rates of recurrence were conducted. Analysis of three studies involving 282 women that looked at CHM versus antibiotics suggested that CHM had a higher rate of effectiveness for acute UTI (RR 1.21, 95% CI 1.11 to 33) and reduced recurrent UTI rates (RR 0.28, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.82). Analysis of two studies involving 120 women that compared CHM plus antibiotics versus antibiotics alone found the combined intervention had a higher rate of effectiveness for acute UTI (RR 1.24, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.47) and resulted in lower rates of recurrent infection six months after the study (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.35 to 0.80). One study comparing different CHM treatments found Er Xian Tang was more effective in treating acute infection in post‐menopausal women than San Jin Pian (80 women: RR 1.28, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.57). Analysis showed that active CHM treatments specifically formulated for recurrent UTI were more effective in reducing infection incidence than generic CHM treatments that were more commonly used for acute UTI (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.77). Only two studies undertook to report adverse events; neither reported the occurrence of any adverse events. Authors' conclusions Evidence from seven small studies suggested that CHM as an independent intervention or in conjunction with antibiotics may be beneficial for treating recurrent UTIs during the acute phase of infection and may reduce the recurrent UTI incidence for at least six months post‐treatment. CHM treatments specifically formulated for recurrent UTI may be more effective than herbal treatments designed to treat acute UTI. However, the small number and poor quality of the included studies meant that it was not possible to formulate robust conclusions on the use of CHM for recurrent UTI in women either alone or as an adjunct to antibiotics. Plain language summary Chinese herbal medicine for treating recurrent urinary tract infections in women Recurrent urinary tract infections (UTIs) are a common problem that can have a serious negative impact on well‐being and healthcare costs. Although preventative antibiotics can help reduce numbers of recurrent infections, there are growing concerns about antibiotic resistance, side effects and the lack of long‐term benefits from treatment. Consequently, alternative treatments such as Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) are being considered. We evaluated the evidence for the effectiveness and safety of CHM for treating recurrent UTIs in women. Our searches to May 2015 for Western and July 2014 for Chinese literature led to the inclusion of seven studies that met our selection criteria for this review. These involved a total of 542 women. The studies suggested that CHM used either on its own or with antibiotic treatment may be more effective than antibiotics alone for relieving acute UTIs and preventing recurrent episodes. There were only two studies that explicitly stated that adverse events were to be reported; neither reported any adverse events. However, studies were small and assessed as having poor methodological quality; and most study participants were post‐menopausal. Therefore, results should be interpreted cautiously and can only be considered as preliminary findings that may not be relevant to pre‐menopausal women. Further research is required to provide more rigorous evidence before CHM can be routinely recommended as a treatment option for recurrent UTIs.
Long‐acting beta2‐agonists for chronic asthma in adults and children where background therapy contains varied or no inhaled corticosteroid; Abstract - Background Asthma is a common respiratory disease among both adults and children and short acting inhaled beta‐2 agonists are used widely for 'reliever' bronchodilator therapy. Long acting beta‐2 agonists (LABA) were introduced as prospective 'symptom controllers' in addition to inhaled corticosteroid 'preventer' therapy (ICS). We originally analysed studies comparing the use of LABA with placebo in mixed populations in which only some were taking ICS and in populations not using ICS therapy. However international guidelines no longer recommend the use of LABA in people who are not taking ICS for their asthma. We are therefore no longer updating this review. Objectives This review aimed to determine the benefit or detriment on the primary outcome of asthma control with the regular use of LABA compared with placebo, in mixed populations in which only some were taking ICS and in populations not using ICS therapy. Search methods We carried out searches using the Cochrane Airways Group trial register, most recently in October 2005. We searched bibliographies of identified RCTs for additional relevant RCTs and contacted authors of identified RCTs for other published and unpublished studies. Selection criteria All randomised studies of at least four weeks duration, comparing a LABA given twice daily with a placebo, in chronic asthma. Selection criteria to this updated review have been altered to accommodate recently published Cochrane reviews on combination and addition of LABA to ICS therapy. Studies in which all individuals were uniformly taking ICS were excluded from this review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors performed data extraction and study quality assessment independently. We contacted authors of studies for missing data. Main results Sixty‐seven studies (representing 68 experimental comparisons) randomising 42,333 participants met the inclusion criteria. Salmeterol was used as long‐acting agent in 50 studies and formoterol fumarate in 17. The treatment period was four to nine weeks in 29 studies, and 12 to 52 weeks in 38 studies. Twenty‐four studies did not permit the use of ICS, and forty permitted either inhaled corticosteroid or cromones (in three studies this was unclear). In these studies between 22% and 92% were taking ICS, with a median of 62%. There were significant advantages to LABA treatment compared to placebo for a variety of measurements of airway calibre including morning peak expiratory flow (PEF), evening PEF and FEV1. They were associated with significantly fewer symptoms, less use of rescue medication and higher quality of life scores. This was true whether patients were taking LABA in combination with ICS or not. Findings from SMART (a recently published surveillance study) indicated significant increases in asthma related deaths, respiratory related deaths and combined asthma related deaths and life threatening experiences. The absolute increase in asthma‐related mortality was consistent with an increase of around one per 1250 patients treated with LABA for six months, but the confidence intervals are wide (from 700 to 10,000). Post‐hoc exploratory subgroups suggested that African‐Americans and those not on inhaled corticosteroids were at particular risk for the primary end‐point of death or life‐threatening asthma event. There was also a suggestion of an increase in exacerbation rate in children. Pharmacologically predicted side effects such as headache, throat irritation, tremor and nervousness were more frequent with LABA treatment. Authors' conclusions LABA are effective in the control of chronic asthma in the "real‐life" subject groups included. However there are potential safety issues which call into question the safety of LABA, particularly people with asthma who are not taking ICS, and it is not clear why African‐Americans were found to have significant differences in comparison to Caucasians for combined respiratory‐related death and life threatening experiences, but not for asthma‐related death. Since the original version of this review, the US Food and Drug Agency (FDA) has added a warning that LABA should not be used to treat asthma without concurrent ICS. International guidelines only recommend the use of LABA in conjunction with ICS. Readers should consult the overviews which summarise the results of Cochrane reviews on the safety of LABAs in adults and children (Cates 2012; Cates 2014). Plain language summary Long‐acting beta2‐agonists for chronic asthma in adults and children where background therapy contains varied or no inhaled corticosteroid Note added in July 2014:  Since the original version of this review, guidance around LABA has changed. International asthma guidelines now only recommend the use of LABA in conjunction with ICS. The US Food and Drug Agency (FDA) has issued a warning that LABA should not be used to treat asthma without concurrent ICS. The review will continue to be available for people to read on the Cochrane Library, but we will not update the review again. It is no longer considered safe to take LABA on their own without taking inhaled steroids due to harms which can occur. Plain language summary published in 2006:  In this review of studies in which patients were either not on inhaled corticosteroids, or in which some patients but not all were on inhaled corticosteroids, treatment with regular long‐acting beta‐2 agonists such as salmeterol (Serevent) or formoterol (Foradil, Oxis) in chronic asthma resulted in fewer asthma symptoms by day or night, less relief bronchodilator medication requirement, better lung function, a lower risk of acute worsening of asthma and better quality of life, but most of the evidence comes from groups in which at least some used inhaled corticosteroid therapy. There is less information on asthma control in patients who did not use a regular 'preventer medication' or in children under twelve years, but the same generally positive effects on symptoms and lung function seem to apply. We have also been particularly focused on serious adverse events, given previous concerns about potential risks, especially of death, from regular beta‐2 agonist use. A significant increase in asthma related deaths or life threatening experiences has been found in a recently published surveillance study, with an increased risk of around one event over 6 months for every thousand patients treated. This increase was mainly in African‐Americans and those not on inhaled corticosteroids, although these observations were drawn from analyses conducted after the event (post‐hoc) and as such lack the validity of pre‐defined distinctions.
Zinc supplementation for the treatment of measles in children; Abstract - Background Measles is an important cause of childhood morbidity and mortality globally, despite increasing vaccine coverage. Zinc plays a significant role in the maintenance of normal immunological functions, therefore supplements given to zinc‐deficient children will increase the availability of zinc and could reduce measles‐related morbidity and mortality. This is an update of a review first published in 2015. Objectives To assess the effects of zinc supplementation in reducing morbidity and mortality in children with measles. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (03 February 2017, Issue 2), MEDLINE (1946 to 03 February 2017), Embase (1974 to 03 February 2017), CINAHL (1981 to 03 February 2017), LILACS (1982 to 03 February 2017), Web of Science (1985 to 03 February 2017), and BIOSIS Previews (1985 to 27 June 2014). We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov, the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 03 February 2017 to identify unpublished and ongoing studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs evaluating the effects of zinc in reducing morbidity and mortality in children with measles. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion and extracted data on outcomes, details of the interventions, and other study characteristics using a standardised data extraction form. We used risk ratio (RR) and hazard ratio (HR) as measures of effect with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We included only one study, and did not conduct meta‐analysis. Main results We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. One RCT met our inclusion criteria. The study was conducted in India and included 85 children diagnosed with measles and pneumonia. The trial showed no significant difference in mortality between children with measles and pneumonia who received zinc supplements and those who received placebo (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.14). There was no significant difference in time to absence of fever between children who received zinc supplements and those who did not (HR 1.08, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.74). No treatment‐related side effects were reported in either group. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence as very low. Authors' conclusions We could not draw any definitive conclusions from this review about the effects of zinc supplementation on clinical outcomes of children with measles due to the very low quality of the evidence available. There is insufficient evidence to confirm or refute the effect of zinc supplementation in children with measles. Plain language summary Zinc supplementation for the treatment of measles in children Review question What is the effect of zinc supplementation in the treatment of children with measles? Background Measles infection has reduced globally over the last decade, but large outbreaks still occur, especially in low‐income countries. Zinc is one of the essential micronutrients necessary for the optimal functioning of the immune system. Zinc deficiency is particularly common in children in low‐ and middle‐income countries. It was therefore important to examine the potential role of zinc supplementation in controlling the symptoms of measles infection in children. We aimed to critically assess the current evidence from published studies on the effect of zinc supplementation for the treatment of measles in children. Search date We searched for evidence up to 03 February 2017. This is an update of a review first published in 2015. We did not include any new studies for this update. Study characteristics We found one small randomised trial (involving 85 children) that compared zinc supplements versus placebo administered to children with measles and pneumonia. All 85 children received supportive care and vitamin A. The study was conducted in India and funded by the Child Health Foundation USA and the Nestlé Foundation. Key results The included study was small and did not provide enough data to determine whether zinc had an effect on mortality when compared with placebo. Although no adverse effects were reported, there was insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the use of zinc supplements to improve measles symptoms in children. More research is needed to clarify any benefits or harms. Quality of the evidence We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low.
Comparison of routes for achieving parenteral access with a focus on the management of patients with Ebola virus disease; Abstract - Background Dehydration is an important cause of death in patients with Ebola virus disease (EVD). Parenteral fluids are often required in patients with fluid requirements in excess of their oral intake. The peripheral intravenous route is the most commonly used method of parenteral access, but inserting and maintaining an intravenous line can be challenging in the context of EVD. Therefore it is important to consider the advantages and disadvantages of different routes for achieving parenteral access (e.g. intravenous, intraosseous, subcutaneous and intraperitoneal). Objectives To compare the reliability, ease of use and speed of insertion of different parenteral access methods. Search methods We ran the search on 17 November 2014. We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL,  The Cochrane Library ), Ovid MEDLINE(R) In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE(R) Daily, Ovid MEDLINE(R) and Ovid OLDMEDLINE(R), Embase Classic + Embase (OvidSP), CINAHL (EBSCOhost), clinicaltrials.gov and screened reference lists. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing different parenteral routes for the infusion of fluids or medication. Data collection and analysis Two review authors examined the titles and abstracts of records obtained by searching the electronic databases to determine eligibility. Two review authors extracted data from the included trials and assessed the risk of bias. Outcome measures of interest were success of insertion; time required for insertion; number of insertion attempts; number of dislodgements; time period with functional access; local site reactions; clinicians' perception of ease of administration; needlestick injury to healthcare workers; patients' discomfort; and mortality. For trials involving the administration of fluids we also collected data on the volume of fluid infused, changes in serum electrolytes and markers of renal function. We rated the quality of the evidence as 'high', 'moderate', 'low' or 'very low' according to the GRADE approach for the following outcomes: success of insertion, time required for insertion, number of dislodgements, volume of fluid infused and needlestick injuries. Main results We included 17 trials involving 885 participants. Parenteral access was used to infuse fluids in 11 trials and medications in six trials. None of the trials involved patients with EVD. Intravenous and intraosseous access was compared in four trials; intravenous and subcutaneous access in 11; peripheral intravenous and intraperitoneal access in one; saphenous vein cutdown and intraosseous access in one; and intraperitoneal with subcutaneous access in one. All of the trials assessing the intravenous method involved peripheral intravenous access. We judged few trials to be at low risk of bias for any of the assessed domains. Compared to the intraosseous group, patients in the intravenous group were more likely to experience an insertion failure (risk ratio (RR) 3.89, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.39 to 6.33; n = 242; GRADE rating: low). We did not pool data for time to insertion but estimates from the trials suggest that inserting intravenous access takes longer (GRADE rating: moderate). Clinicians judged the intravenous route to be easier to insert (RR 0.15, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.61; n = 182). A larger volume of fluids was infused via the intravenous route (GRADE rating: moderate). There was no evidence of a difference between the two routes for any other outcomes, including adverse events. Compared to the subcutaneous group, patients in the intravenous group were more likely to experience an insertion failure (RR 14.79, 95% CI 2.87 to 76.08; n = 238; GRADE rating: moderate) and dislodgement of the device (RR 3.78, 95% CI 1.16 to 12.34; n = 67; GRADE rating: low). Clinicians also judged the intravenous route as being more difficult to insert and patients were more likely to be agitated in the intravenous group. Patients in the intravenous group were more likely to develop a local infection and phlebitis, but were less likely to develop erythema, oedema or swelling than those in the subcutaneous group. A larger volume of fluids was infused into patients via the intravenous route. There was no evidence of a difference between the two routes for any other outcome. There were insufficient data to reliably determine if the risk of insertion failure differed between the saphenous vein cutdown (SVC) and intraosseous method (RR 4.00, 95% CI 0.51 to 31.13; GRADE rating: low). Insertion using SVC took longer than the intraosseous method (MD 219.60 seconds, 95% CI 135.44 to 303.76; GRADE rating: moderate). There were no data and therefore there was no evidence of a difference between the two routes for any other outcome. There were insufficient data to reliably determine the relative effects of intraperitoneal or central intravenous access relative to any other parenteral access method. Authors' conclusions There are several different ways of achieving parenteral access in patients who are unable meet their fluid requirements with oral intake alone. The quality of the evidence, as assessed using the GRADE criteria, is somewhat limited because of the lack of adequately powered trials at low risk of bias. However, we believe that there is sufficient evidence to draw the following conclusions: if peripheral intravenous access can be achieved easily, this allows infusion of larger volumes of fluid than other routes; but if this is not possible, the intraosseous and subcutaneous routes are viable alternatives. The subcutaneous route may be suitable for patients who are not severely dehydrated but in whom ongoing fluid losses cannot be met by oral intake. A film to accompany this review can be viewed  here  (http://youtu.be/ArVPzkf93ng). Plain language summary Comparison of the different ways of giving fluids to patients who cannot drink enough, such as patients with Ebola virus disease Background Many patients with Ebola virus disease (EVD) die because they are dehydrated. Patients with EVD often experience severe vomiting and diarrhoea, which causes them to lose fluids that are difficult to replace by drinking alone. It is possible to give fluids in ways that do not involve the digestive tract; this is known as  parenteral  access. This includes infusing fluids into a vein (intravenously), into bone marrow (intraosseously), into fatty tissue under the skin (subcutaneously) or into the abdominal space (intraperitoneally). Giving fluids intravenously is the usual method, but can be problematic in patients with EVD because starting intravenous fluids can be difficult in very dehydrated patients, and infection control practices may make maintaining the infusion challenging. It is therefore useful if those caring for patients with EVD know the advantages and disadvantages of the other ways to give fluids, so that they can decide which is the most suitable for their patients. Searches for trials We carried out searches for trials comparing different parenteral access methods on 17 November 2014. Trial characteristics We found 17 trials involving 885 participants. None involved patients with EVD. Fifteen trials involved patients who required parenteral access for the infusion of fluids or medicines and two trials assessed different methods under simulated conditions, such as on a training manikin. Many trials were of poor quality. Key results When the results of these trials were gathered together, they suggested that both the intraosseous and subcutaneous routes may be easier and quicker to insert into patients than the intravenous route, but more fluid can be given intravenously than by either the intraosseous or subcutaneous method. There has not been enough research into the intraperitoneal method to know how it compares to the other methods. Conclusions Healthcare workers caring for patients with EVD should be aware of the alternative ways of giving fluids. The trials we found were not of very high quality, therefore we need to be cautious when drawing conclusions based on their results. However, together they suggest if intravenous access can be achieved easily, then this should be used as it allows the infusion of larger volumes of fluid. However, if intravenous access is not possible, intraosseous and subcutaneous routes are alternatives that can be inserted quickly. Many of the trials conducted so far are of poor quality and none involved patients with EVD, therefore more trials should be carried out. A film to accompany this review can be viewed  here .
Heliox for non‐intubated acute asthma patients; Abstract - Background Helium and oxygen mixtures (heliox), have been used sporadically in respiratory medicine for decades. Their use in acute respiratory emergencies such as asthma has been the subject of considerable debate. Despite the lapse of more than 60 years since it was first proposed, the role of heliox in treating patients with severe acute asthma remains unclear. Objectives To determine the effect of the addition of heliox to standard medical care on the course of acute asthma, as measured by pulmonary function testing and clinical endpoints. Search methods Randomised controlled trials were identified from the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register. In addition, we contacted primary authors and experts and searched reference lists of articles. Searches are current to August 2010. Selection criteria 1) Randomised, single or double blind, controlled trials; 2) children or adults with a clinical diagnosis of acute asthma seen in emergency departments or equivalent acute care settings; and 3) compared treatment with inhaled heliox to placebo (oxygen or air). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion and quality assessment; disagreement was resolved by a third review author and consensus. Main results This review includes a total of ten trials involving 544 acute asthma patients. Seven studies involved adults and three studies dealt solely with children. Three were assessed as high quality (Jadad score > 3). Pulmonary function tests were recorded during heliox administration (15 to 60 min). Pooling of the eight trials contributing data to this review showed no significant group differences (standardised mean differences ‐0.28; 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.56 to 0.01). There was significant heterogeneity among the studies. Heliox use did improve pulmonary function only in the subgroup of patients with the most severe baseline pulmonary function impairment; however, this conclusion is based on a small number of studies. There were no significant differences between groups when adults versus children, and high versus low heliox dose studies were compared. Finally, at the end of treatment, participants treated with heliox showed no significant different risk of admission to hospital (RR 0.83 (95%CI 0.66 to 1.08, P = 0.17, I 2  = 0%). Authors' conclusions The existing evidence does not provide support for the administration of helium‐oxygen mixtures to all ED patients with acute asthma. At this time, heliox treatment does not have a role to play in the initial treatment of patients with acute asthma. Nevertheless, new evidence suggests certain beneficial effects in patients with more severe obstruction. Since these conclusions are based upon between‐group comparisons and small studies, they should be interpreted with caution. Plain language summary Heliox (mixture of helium and oxygen) compared to either oxygen or air for people with acute asthma Acute asthma is a common disease presentation to the emergency department (ED) in many countries. Treatment of acute asthma is based on rapid reversal of bronchospasm and arresting airway inflammation. The main agents employed to treat acute asthma include combined treatments with bronchodilating agents and corticosteroids. However, there is evidence that helium and oxygen mixtures (heliox) may provide additional benefits to patients with acute asthma. This review examines the evidence from ten randomised controlled trials involving 544 patients which compared heliox to oxygen or air, when used in conjunction with the other standard acute treatments. The reviewers conclude that the evidence does not support routine use of heliox in patients with acute asthma.
Unit‐dose packaged drugs for treating malaria; Abstract - Background Unit‐dose packaging of antimalarial drugs may improve the success of malaria treatments by making it easier for patients to take them correctly. Objectives To summarize the effects of unit‐dose packaged treatment on treatment failure and treatment adherence in people with uncomplicated malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (February 2009); CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 1, 2009); MEDLINE (1966 to February 2009); EMBASE (1980 to February 2009); LILACS (February 2009); conference proceedings, and reference lists of articles. We also contacted pharmaceutical companies, organizations, and researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐RCTs and quasi‐RCTs of unit‐dose packaged drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria. Data collection and analysis We independently assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias, and extracted data for an intention‐to‐treat analysis, where possible. We combined binary data using risk ratio (RR) and the fixed‐effect model, and presented them with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We attempted to contact trial authors for additional information. Main results One RCT (203 participants), three quasi‐RCTs (895 participants), and one cluster‐RCT (six health facilities) met the inclusion criteria. Trials were generally of poor methodological quality, and none adequately assessed treatment failure. Unit‐dose packaged drugs (in conjunction with prescriber training and patient information) appeared to be associated with higher participant‐reported treatment adherence in all trials. A meta‐analysis of two trials (596 participants) showed that participant‐reported treatment adherence was slightly higher with blister‐packed tablets compared with tablets in paper envelopes (RR 1.18, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.25). Two trials using tablets in sectioned polythene bags as the intervention also noted an increase in participant‐reported treatment adherence: the cluster‐RCT (six clusters) compared it with tablets in paper envelopes, and the other trial compared it with syrup in bottles (RR 2.15, 95% CI 1.76 to 2.61; 299 participants). Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to know if the effects of unit‐dose packaged antimalarial drugs reduce treatment failure. Unit‐dose packaging, supported by prescriber training and patient information, appears to improve participant‐reported treatment adherence, but these data come from trials with methodological limitations. 23 April 2019 No update planned Research area no longer active Co‐formulated antimalarial combination treatments are now widely available. This is an historical question and the review will no longer be updated. Plain language summary Unit‐dose packaging of drugs for treating malaria Malaria is a parasitic disease spread by mosquitoes in areas such as sub‐Saharan Africa, South‐East Asia and South America. Millions of people are infected with malaria each year. It is thought that packaging a course of treatment in units of a single dose may better ensure the correct dosage is taken, thus increasing the success of treatment. The review found insufficient good quality evidence from randomized controlled trials to determine if unit‐dose packaging of drugs saves lives, but there is some indication that it might improve treatment adherence. More research is needed.
Hyperventilation therapy for acute traumatic brain injury; Abstract - Background Because hyperventilation is often associated with a rapid fall in intracranial pressure, it has been assumed to be effective in the treatment of severe head injury. Hyperventilation reduces raised intracranial pressure by causing cerebral vasoconstriction and a reduction in cerebral blood flow. Whether or not reduced cerebral blood flow improves neurological outcome is, however, unclear. Objectives To quantify the effect of hyperventilation on death and neurological disability following head injury. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Injuries Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  2007, Issue 4), MEDLINE, PubMed, EMBASE, PsycINFO. We searched the Internet, checked reference lists of relevant studies, and contacted the first author of eligible reports to ask for assistance in identifying any further trials. The searches were updated in January 2008. Selection criteria All randomised trials of hyperventilation, in which study participants had a clinically defined acute traumatic head injury of any severity. There were no language restrictions. Data collection and analysis We collected data on the participants, the timing and duration of the intervention, duration of follow‐up, neurological disability and death. Relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for each trial on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Timing, degree and duration of hyperventilation were identified a‐priori as potential sources of heterogeneity between trials. Main results One trial of 113 participants was identified. Hyperventilation alone, as well as in conjunction with a buffer (THAM [tris‐hydroxy‐methyl‐amino methane]), showed a beneficial effect on mortality at one year after injury, although the effect measure was imprecise (RR 0.73; 95% CI 0.36 to 1.49, and RR 0.89; 95% CI 0.47 to 1.72 respectively). This improvement in outcome was not supported by an improvement in neurological recovery. For hyperventilation alone, the RR for death or severe disability was 1.14 (95% CI 0.82 to 1.58). The RR for death or severe disability in the hyperventilation‐plus‐THAM group was 0.87 (95% CI 0.58 to 1.28). Authors' conclusions The data available are inadequate to assess any potential benefit or harm that might result from hyperventilation in severe head injury. Randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of hyperventilation therapy following severe head injury are needed. Plain language summary Not enough evidence on whether hyperventilation therapy improves outcomes for people with traumatic brain injury Traumatic brain injury is a major cause of premature death and disability. Severe head injury can trigger brain swelling, thereby increasing pressure on the brain (raised intracranial pressure, ICP). Raised ICP increases the likelihood of brain damage or death. Treatment to lower people's ICP commonly involves hyperventilation therapy (increasing blood oxygen levels) following the brain injury. While hyperventilation therapy can reduce ICP after traumatic brain injury, the review of trials found there is no strong evidence about whether this improves outcomes. More trials are needed.
Carnitine supplementation for inborn errors of metabolism; Abstract - Background Inborn errors of metabolism are genetic conditions which can lead to abnormalities in the synthesis and metabolism of proteins, carbohydrates, or fats. It has been proposed that in some instances carnitine supplementation should be provided to infants with a suspected metabolic disease as an interim measure, particularly whilst awaiting test results. Carnitine supplementation is used in the treatment of primary carnitine deficiency, and also where the deficiency is a secondary complication of several inborn errors of metabolism, such as organic acidaemias and fatty acid oxidation defects in children and adults. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of carnitine supplementation in the treatment of inborn errors of metabolism. Search methods We searched the Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Inborn Errors of Metabolism Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library  2007, Issue 4) and MEDLINE via Ovid (1950 to July week 4 2007), LILACS (15/05/2008) and Iranmedex (15/05/2008) and also the reference lists of retrieved articles. Date of most recent search of the Group's Inborn Errors of Metabolism Register: 27 October 2011. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing carnitine supplementation (in different dose, frequency, or duration) versus placebo in children and adults diagnosed with an inborn error of metabolism. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened and assessed the eligibility of the identified trials. Main results No trials were included in the review. Authors' conclusions There are no published or ongoing randomised controlled clinical trials relevant to this review question. Therefore, in the absence of any high level evidence, clinicians should base their decisions on clinical experience and in conjunction with preferences of the individual where appropriate. This does not mean that carnitine is ineffective or should not be used in any inborn error of metabolism. However, given the lack of evidence both on the effectiveness and safety of carnitine and on the necessary dose and frequency to be prescribed, the current prescribing practice should continue to be observed and monitored with care until further evidence is available. Methodologically sound trials, reported according to the  Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) statement , are required. It should be considered whether placebo‐controlled trials in potentially lethal diseases, e.g. carnitine transporter disorder or glutaric aciduria type I, are ethical. Plain language summary Carnitine supplements for treating people with inborn errors of metabolism Inborn errors of metabolism are genetic disorders which have a wide range of symptoms. These often start at or soon after birth but may appear first at any time during adulthood. Affected individuals may need to deal with symptoms of the disease throughout their lifetime. Symptoms are often non‐specific and may affect any organ. It can be difficult to diagnose an inborn error of metabolism. However, early detection is important and screening of infants for some disorders, such as phenylketonuria, is routine in several countries. It is recommended that carnitine supplements are prescribed in the diet of individuals with certain inborn errors of metabolism, along with other standard treatments. Carnitine supplements take the form of tablet, oral liquid, paediatric liquid and injection and might be taken with food for ease of administration. Unfortunately, we did not find any good quality trials to include in the review. This does not mean that carnitine is ineffective or should not be used in treating inborn errors of metabolism; however, individuals receiving carnitine should be carefully observed and monitored. Therefore, we recommend that clinicians base their decision to prescribe carnitine on clinical experience together with individual preferences. Future trials should include patient‐reported outcomes using validated and internationally recognised scales. Any adverse events associated with the treatment should be reported. It should be carefully considered whether placebo‐controlled trials in potentially lethal diseases, e.g. carnitine transporter disorder or glutaric aciduria type I, are ethical.
Hypnosis for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Many people with schizophrenia continue to experience symptoms despite conventional treatments being used. Alternative therapies such as hypnosis, in conjunction with conventional treatments, may be helpful. Objectives To investigate the use of hypnosis for people with schizophrenia or schizophrenia‐like illnesses compared with standard care and other interventions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (October 2006), contacted the Cochrane Complementary Medicine Field for additional searching (January 2003), hand searched references of included or excluded studies and made personal contact with authors of relevant trials. Selection criteria We included all randomised or double blind controlled trials that compared hypnosis with other treatments or standard care for people with schizophrenia. Data collection and analysis We reliably selected studies, quality assessed them and extracted data. We excluded data where more than 50% of participants in any group were lost to follow up. For binary outcomes we calculated a fixed effects risk ratio (RR) and its 95% confidence interval (CI). Main results We included three studies (total n=149). When hypnosis was compared with standard treatment no one left the studies between 1‐8 weeks (n=70, 2 RCTs, Risk Difference 0.00 CI ‐0.09 to 0.09). Mental state scores were unaffected (n=60, 1 RCT, MD BPRS by one week ‐3.6 CI ‐12.05 to 4.8) as were measures of movement disorders and neurocognitive function. Compared with relaxation, hypnosis was also acceptable (n=106, 3 RCTs, RR leaving the study early 2.00 CI 0.2 to 2.15) and had no discernable effect on mental state (n=60, 1 RCT, MD BPRS by one week ‐3.4 CI ‐11.4 to 4.6), movement disorders or neurocognitive function. Hypnosis was as acceptable as music (Sibelius) by four weeks (n=36, RR leaving the study early 5.0, CI 0.3 to 97.4). Authors' conclusions The studies in this field are few, small, poorly reported and outdated. Hypnosis could be helpful for people with schizophrenia. If we are to find this out, better designed, conducted and reported randomised studies are required. This current update has not revealed any new studies in this area since 2003. Plain language summary Hypnosis for schizophrenia Schizophrenia is a serious mental disorder which can cause people to have changes in the way they understand the world and their senses. It can also cause social withdrawal. The main treatments for schizophrenia in developed countries are various antipsychotic medications although not everyone responds to these drugs. Other interventions such as talking therapies, relaxation, hypnosis and other alternative therapies have been suggested to be of help, mostly in addition to medication. This review looks at the use of hypnosis in the treatment of schizophrenia, which was compared, in the trials identified, to relaxation, listening to music and standard treatment. Three trials were identified containing a total of 149 people. All of these studies were carried out before 1983 and were relatively short (eight weeks, four weeks and one week). Due to the way the data were reported in these studies and their size, there was no conclusive evidence that hypnosis was better than the other interventions. Very few people left the trials suggesting that hypnosis, relaxation and listening to classical music (Sibelius) were at least acceptable interventions. In order to draw better informed conclusions regarding this potential treatment option in schizophrenia, well conducted trials are required, that measure well outcomes such as improvement in symptoms, functioning and quality of life of the people involved. (Plain language summary prepared for this review by Janey Antoniou of RETHINK, UK  www.rethink.org ).
Acupuncture and assisted reproductive technology; Abstract - Background Acupuncture is commonly undertaken during an assisted reproductive technology (ART) cycle although its role in improving live birth and pregnancy rates is unclear. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture as an adjunct to ART cycles for male and female subfertility. Search methods All reports which described randomised controlled trials of acupuncture in assisted conception were obtained through searches of the Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature), AMED , www.clinicaltrials.gov (all from inception to July 2013), National Research Register, and the Chinese clinical trial database (all to November 2012). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of acupuncture for couples who were undergoing ART, comparing acupuncture treatment alone or acupuncture with concurrent ART versus no treatment, placebo or sham acupuncture plus ART for the treatment of primary and secondary infertility. Women with medical illness that was deemed to contraindicate ART or acupuncture were excluded. Data collection and analysis Twenty randomised controlled trials were included in the review and nine were excluded. Study selection, quality assessment and data extraction were performed independently by two review authors. Meta‐analysis was performed using odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). The outcome measures were live birth rate, clinical ongoing pregnancy rate, miscarriage rate, and any reported side effects of treatment. The quality of the evidence for the primary outcome (live birth) was rated using GRADE methods. Main results This updated meta‐analysis showed no evidence of overall benefit of acupuncture for improving live birth rate (LBR) regardless of whether acupuncture was performed around the time of oocyte retrieval (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.29, 2 studies, n = 464, I 2  = 0%, low quality evidence) or around the day of embryo transfer (ET) (OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.70, 8 studies, n = 2505, I 2  = 69%, low quality evidence). There was no evidence that acupuncture had any effect on pregnancy or miscarriage rates, or had significant side effects. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence that acupuncture improves live birth or pregnancy rates in assisted conception. Plain language summary Acupuncture and assisted conception Review question: does acupuncture improve the outcomes of assisted reproduction? Background: one in seven couples suffer from subfertility and many will seek help in the form of assisted reproductive technology (ART). Although the use of acupuncture has gained popularity, the use of this traditional Chinese medical treatment in conjunction with ART treatments is still controversial. This review summarised the evidence from well designed studies and evaluated the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture in assisted conception. Search date: the evidence is current to July 2013. Study characteristics: there were 20 randomised controlled studies identified. Six studies compared acupuncture at the time of egg collection (912 women) and 14 studies compared acupuncture in assisted conception (3632 women). The studies were further divided into those which used placebo needles in their control groups versus those that had controls who did not undergo any treatment. All the studies identified involved participants undertaking in vitro fertilization (IVF); there were no studies reporting the effect of acupuncture in ovulation induction or intrauterine insemination. Funding of included studies: no included studies had external funding. Key results: there is no evidence of benefit for the use of acupuncture in participants undergoing assisted conception treatment around the time of embryo transfer or at egg collection in terms of improving the live birth rate, ongoing or clinical pregnancy rate. There is also no evidence that acupuncture has any effect on miscarriage rate or had significant side effects. Quality of the evidence: overall, the results are not similar across the studies. This was due to different study designs including the use of different types of control groups that could have introduced bias. More research is needed before recommendations can be made, including studies in which some controls receive placebo needling and others receive no intervention.
Botulinum toxin A as an adjunct to treatment in the management of the upper limb in children with spastic cerebral palsy (UPDATE); Abstract - Background Cerebral palsy (CP) is "a group of permanent disorders of the development of movement and posture causing activity limitation(s) that are attributed to non‐progressive disturbance that occurred in the developing fetal or infant brain" ( Rosenbaum 2007 , p.9). The spastic motor type is the most common form of CP. Therapeutic management may include splinting/casting, passive stretching, facilitation of posture/movement, spasticity‐reducing medication and surgery. Botulinum toxin‐A (BoNT‐A) is now used as an adjunct to these techniques in an attempt to reduce spasticity, improve range of movement and function. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of injections of BoNT‐A or BoNT‐A and occupational therapy in the treatment of the upper limb in children with CP. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register/CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library, Issue 3, 2008), MEDLINE (1966 to August Week 1 2008), EMBASE (1980 to 2008 Week 28) and CINAHL (1982 to August Week 1 2008). Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing BoNT‐A injection or BoNT‐A injection and occupational therapy in the upper limb(s) with other types of treatment (including no treatment or placebo) in children with CP. Data collection and analysis Two authors using standardised forms extracted the data independently. Each trial was assessed for internal validity and rated for quality using the PEDro scale. Data were extracted and entered into RevMan 5.0.15. Main results Ten trials met the inclusion criteria. PEDro quality ratings ranged from 6/10 to 10/10. Concentration of BoNT‐A ranged from 50U/1.0ml to 200U/1.0ml saline with doses of 0.5U to 16U/kg body weight and total doses of 220 to 410 Units (Botox®). A combination of BoNT‐A and occupational therapy is more effective than occupational therapy alone in reducing impairment, improving activity level outcomes and goal achievement, but not for improving quality of life or perceived self‐competence. When compared with placebo or no treatment, there is moderate evidence that BoNT‐A alone is not effective. Authors' conclusions This systematic review found high level evidence supporting the use of BoNT‐A as an adjunct to managing the upper limb in children with spastic CP. BoNT‐A should not be used in isolation but should be accompanied by planned occupational therapy. Further research is essential to identify children most likely to respond to BoNT‐A injections, monitor longitudinal outcomes, determine timing and effect of repeated injections and the most effective dosage, dilution and volume schedules. The most effective adjunct therapies including frequency and intensity of delivery also requires investigation. Plain language summary There is high level evidence to support the safety and effectiveness of Botulinum toxin ‐A (BoNT‐A) as an adjunct to managing the upper limb in children with cerebral palsy. When injected into muscles BoNT‐A reduces muscle tightness. When used in conjunction with occupational therapy, the aim of BoNT‐A injections in the arms and hands is to improve movement and function in treated limbs. This review demonstrated improvements on a range of measures with the combined treatment. In the absence of significant side effects, injection of BoNT‐A has been identified as a safe and effective treatment for upper limb spasticity when used in combination with occupational therapy in children with cerebral palsy.
Non pharmacological interventions for spasticity in multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Spasticity is commonly experienced by people with multiple sclerosis (MS), and it contributes to overall disability in this population. A wide range of non pharmacological interventions are used in isolation or with pharmacological agents to treat spasticity in MS. Evidence for their effectiveness is yet to be determined.  Objectives To assess the effectiveness of various non pharmacological interventions for the treatment of spasticity in adults with MS. Search methods A literature search was performed using the Specialised Register of the Cochrane Multiple Sclerosis and Rare Diseases of the Central Nervous System Review Group on using the Cochrane MS Group Trials Register which among other sources, contains CENTRAL, Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL, LILACS, PEDRO in June 2012. Manual searching in the relevant journals and screening of the reference lists of identified studies and reviews were carried out. Abstracts published in proceedings of conferences were also scrutinised. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that reported non pharmacological intervention/s for treatment of spasticity in adults with MS and compared them with some form of control intervention (such as sham/placebo interventions or lower level or different types of intervention, minimal intervention, waiting list controls or no treatment; interventions given in different settings), were included. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently selected the studies, extracted data and assessed the methodological quality of the studies using the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) tool for best‐evidence synthesis. A meta‐analysis was not possible due to methodological, clinical and statistical heterogeneity of included studies. Main results Nine RCTs (N = 341 participants, 301 included in analyses) investigated various types and intensities of non pharmacological interventions for treating spasticity in adults with MS. These interventions included: physical activity programmes (such as physiotherapy, structured exercise programme, sports climbing); transcranial magnetic stimulation (Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS), Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS)); electromagnetic therapy (pulsed electromagnetic therapy; magnetic pulsing device), Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation (TENS); and Whole Body Vibration (WBV). All studies scored 'low' on the methodological quality assessment implying high risk of bias.  There is 'low level' evidence for physical activity programmes used in isolation or in combination with other interventions (pharmacological or non pharmacological), and for repetitive magnetic stimulation (iTBS/rTMS) with or without adjuvant exercise therapy in improving spasticity in adults with MS. No evidence of benefit exists to support the use of TENS, sports climbing and vibration therapy for treating spasticity in this population. Authors' conclusions There is 'low level' evidence for non pharmacological interventions such as physical activities given in conjunction with other interventions, and for magnetic stimulation and electromagnetic therapies for beneficial effects on spasticity outcomes in people with MS. A wide range of non pharmacological interventions are used for the treatment of spasticity in MS, but more robust trials are needed to build evidence about these interventions. Plain language summary Non pharmacological interventions for treatment of spasticity in Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Spasticity is a common and debilitating symptom, causing ‘stiffness’, ‘spasms’ or ‘tightness’ in the weakened arm or leg in people with multiple sclerosis (MS). Overall, spasticity is difficult to treat. Current treatments include various medications (such as botulinum toxin injections to relax the affected muscles) and non drug methods aiming to achieve functional goals for patients (and their caregivers) such as physiotherapy, magnetic stimulation, electromagnetic therapy, vibration therapy. In this review, nine studies evaluating various non drug treatments to treat spasticity in adult with MS were included, comprising a total of 341 participants. Results from these studies suggest that all included non pharmacological therapies have low level of evidence or no evidence in improving spasticity in people with MS. However, caution should be used in the interpretation of the results, due to the poor methodological quality of all the included studies. More research is needed to determine the usefulness of these interventions before they can be recommended as routine treatments.
Non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities; Abstract - Background Approximately 30% of patients with epilepsy remain refractory to drug treatment and continue to experience seizures whilst taking one or more antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Several non‐pharmacological interventions that may be used in conjunction with or as an alternative to AEDs are available for refractory patients. In view of the fact that seizures in people with intellectual disabilities are often complex and refractory to pharmacological interventions, it is evident that good quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are needed to assess the efficacy of alternatives or adjuncts to pharmacological interventions. This is an updated version of the original Cochrane review ( Beavis 2007 ) published in  The Cochrane Library  (2007, Issue 4). Objectives To assess data derived from randomised controlled trials of non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. Non‐pharmacological interventions include, but are not limited to, the following. • Surgical procedures. • Specialised diets, for example, the ketogenic diet, or vitamin and folic acid supplementation. • Psychological interventions for patients or for patients and carers/parents, for example, cognitive‐behavioural therapy (CBT), electroencephalographic (EEG) biofeedback and educational intervention. • Yoga. • Acupuncture. • Relaxation therapy (e.g. music therapy). Search methods For the latest update of this review, we searched the Cochrane Epilepsy Group Specialised Register (19 August 2014), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) via CRSO (19 August 2014), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 19 August 2014) and PsycINFO (EBSCOhost, 1887 to 19 August 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied the inclusion criteria and extracted study data. Main results One study is included in this review. When two surgical procedures were compared, results indicated that corpus callosotomy with anterior temporal lobectomy was more effective than anterior temporal lobectomy alone in improving quality of life and performance on IQ tests among people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. No evidence was found to support superior benefit in seizure control for either intervention. This is the only study of its kind and was rated as having an overall unclear risk of bias. The previous update (December 2010) identified one RCT in progress. The study authors have confirmed that they are aiming to publish by the end of 2015; therefore this study ( Bjurulf 2008 ) has not been included in the current review. Authors' conclusions This review highlights the need for well‐designed randomised controlled trials conducted to assess the effects of non‐pharmacological interventions on seizure and behavioural outcomes in people with intellectual disabilities and epilepsy. Plain language summary Non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities Epilepsy is a neurological condition characterised by involuntary activity of the brain, which manifests in seizures. The rate of epilepsy in people with intellectual diabilities is significantly higher than in the general population. Epilepsy in this population is often less responsive to antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and is associated with higher rates of morbidity and mortality. One relevant study comparing two surgical procedures has been included in this review. This study found that anterior corpus callosotomy (a procedure in which a section of the corpus callosum is severed) with anterior temporal lobectomy (a procedure in which part of the temporal lobe is removed) is more effective than anterior temporal lobectomy alone in improving quality of life and performance on IQ tests among people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. No support was found for a relative benefit of either procedure for improved seizure control. This review accentuates the lack of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. Given the prevalence and nature of epilepsy in this population, well‐designed RCTs are needed to ascertain the effects of non‐pharmacological interventions on seizure and behavioural outcomes in people with intellectual disabilities. However, good quality evidence derived from RCTs including the non‐intellectually disabled should be assessed for side effects and efficacy before such studies are undertaken.
Osteotomy, compression and other modifications of surgical techniques for internal fixation of extracapsular hip fractures; Abstract - Background Many different surgical techniques have been described for the internal fixation of extracapsular hip fractures. Objectives To compare different aspects of surgical technique used in operations for internal fixation of extracapsular hip fractures in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Bone, Joint and Muscle Trauma Group Specialised Register (January 2008), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library  2008, Issue 1), MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, Current Controlled Trials, orthopaedic journals, conference proceedings and reference lists of articles. Date of last search was January 2008. No language restriction was applied. Selection criteria All randomised and quasi‐randomised trials investigating operative techniques used in operations for the treatment of extracapsular hip fractures in adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials, assessed trial quality and extracted data. Wherever appropriate, data were pooled. Main results Predominantly older people with trochanteric fractures were treated in the 11 included trials. One trial (65 participants undergoing fixation with a fixed nail‐plate) found no statistically significant differences between osteotomy versus anatomical reduction.     Four trials, involving 465 participants undergoing fixation with a sliding hip screw (SHS), compared osteotomy versus anatomical reduction. Osteotomy was associated with an increased operative blood loss and length of surgery. There were no statistically significant differences for mortality, morbidity or measures of anatomical deformity. Two trials (138 participants) compared SHS fixation of a trochanteric hip fracture augmented with cement against a standard fixation. There were no reoperations even for the four cases of fixation failure in the cement group. The cement group had significantly better quality of life scores at six months. One trial (200 participants) comparing compression versus no compression of a trochanteric fracture in conjunction with SHS fixation found no significant differences between the two groups. One trial (120 participants) found a tendency to improved outcomes with a hydroxyapatite coated lag screw, but none reached statistical significance. One trial (19 participants) reported reduced temperatures when using a modified reaming method. Another trial (50 participants) found reduced bone marrow intravascular embolism, detected by oesophageal ultrasound, when a Gamma nail was inserted with a distal pressure venting hole in the femur. Authors' conclusions There is inadequate evidence to support the use of osteotomy for internal fixation of a trochanteric hip fracture. Similarly, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of the other techniques examined in the trials included in this review. Plain language summary Surgical techniques for fixing extracapsular hip fractures in adults Roughly half of all hip fractures are outside the hip joint capsule (extracapsular proximal femoral fractures). Many of these will be fixed or stabilised using metal implants which are a combination of screws, rods and plates attached to the thigh bone. Various techniques such as the selective removal of bone (osteotomy), the pressing together of bone fragments (compression), the addition of bone cement, and methods for insertion of nails such as reaming, are used during surgery. This review included 11 randomised or quasi‐randomised trials. The majority of the participants were female, usually aged around 80 years. There were seven comparisons but the evidence for each of these was insufficient to draw conclusions. Thus, the review found that there was too little evidence from randomised trials to show which, if any, specific surgical techniques used during operations for extracapsular proximal femoral fractures are better.
Treatment for Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome; Abstract - Background Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS) is an autoimmune disorder of neuromuscular transmission. Treatments attempt to overcome the harmful autoimmune process, or improve residual neuromuscular transmission Objectives The objective was to examine the efficacy of treatment in Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Specialized Register (12 October 2010), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (12 October 2010, Issue 4 2010 in  the Cochrane Library ), MEDLINE (January 1966 to September 2010) and EMBASE (January 1980 to September 2010). Selection criteria All randomised or quasi‐randomised trials of adults and children with a diagnosis of Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome, with or without small‐cell lung cancer, receiving any form of pharmacological or physical treatment. Data collection and analysis All authors independently assessed studies for inclusion and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for missing information when possible. Main results Four controlled trials of 3,4‐diaminopyridine compared with placebo in a total of 54 participants with Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome were eligible: three cross‐over trials and one parallel group. Two were added at this update. One of these trials also assessed pyridostigmine in conjunction with 3,4‐diaminopyridine. A further cross‐over trial compared intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) to placebo in nine participants. Four trials of 3,4‐diaminopyridine reported significant improvement in the primary outcome, muscle strength score, or myometric limb measurement for between hours and a week following treatment, and significant improvement in resting compound muscle action potential (CMAP) amplitude following 3,4‐diaminopyridine, compared with placebo. A meta‐analysis of the primary endpoint showed Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) muscle score assessed between three and eight days was likely to improve by a mean of 2.44 points (95% confidence interval 3.6 to 1.22). Meta‐analysis of the secondary endpoint CMAP amplitude also showed a mean improvement of 1.36 mV (95% confidence interval 0.99 to 1.72) over the same period. The risk of bias was determined to be low, and quality of evidence moderate to high. A single cross‐over trial reported significant improvement in myometric limb strength and non‐significant improvement in mean resting CMAP amplitude with IVIg compared to placebo. Clinical improvement lasted for up to eight weeks. Authors' conclusions Limited but moderate to high quality evidence from randomised controlled trials showed that over days 3,4‐diaminopyridine, or for up to 8 weeks IVIg, improved muscle strength scores and CMAP amplitudes in participants with Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome. There are insufficient data at present to quantify this effect. Other possible treatments have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Plain language summary Treatment for Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS) is a rare disorder of the neuromuscular junction that causes muscle weakness (most commonly in the upper arms and legs). It is an autoimmune disease in which the body's own antibodies prevent the release of the chemical acetylcholine. This interferes with transmission of nerve impulses to the muscles. One of the main treatments is 3,4‐diaminopyridine which increases the release of acetylcholine. Four small randomised controlled trials involving 54 participants in total showed that 3,4‐diaminopyridine improves muscle strength. This was determined by measuring the compound muscle action potential (CMAP) which is a test that records the amount of electrical activity generated in a muscle when it is stimulated by its nerve. Although the number of trials is relatively small, the quality of evidence from these trials is moderate to high, which supports the findings of this review. The changes are measured over days only. A single trial involving nine participants showed that intravenous immunoglobulin also improved muscle strength up to 8 weeks from treatment. Other possible treatments such as plasma exchange, steroids and immunosuppressive agents have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Further trials of these treatments are needed.
Chinese herbal medicine suxiao jiuxin wan for angina pectoris; Abstract - Background Suxiao jiuxin wan is widely used in China for angina pectoris. Objectives The objective of this review is to determine the effects (benefits and harms) of suxiao jiuxin wan in the treatment of angina pectoris. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials on  The Cochrane Library  (issue 4 2005), Medline (1995 to 2005), EMBASE (1995 to 2005), the Register of Chinese trials developed by the Chinese Cochrane Centre (to 2006), and the Chinese Biomedical Database (1995 to 2005), and handsearched 83 Chinese journals. We also searched reference lists, databases of ongoing trials and the Internet. Date of last search: November 2005. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of suxiao jiuxin wan compared to standard treatment in people with angina. Studies with a treatment duration > 4 weeks were included. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently applied the inclusion criteria, assessed trial quality and extracted the data. Main results Fifteen trials involving 1776 people were included. There was weak evidence that suxiao jiuxin wan compared with nitroglyerin (xiaoxintong) improved ECG measurements (RR 1.16, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.27), reduced symptoms (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.13), reduced the frequency of acute attacks of angina (difference in means ‐0.70, 95% CI ‐0.90 to ‐0.50), reduced diastolic pressure (difference in means ‐3mmHg, 95% CI ‐5.73 to ‐0.27) and reduced the need for supplementary nitroglycerin (difference in means of ‐0.60, 95% CI ‐0.94 to ‐0.26). There was also weak evidence that suxiao jiuxin wan compared with  Salvia miltiorrhiza  (danshen) reduced symptoms (RR 1.21, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.31) and improved ECG measurements (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.84). There was no significant difference when comparing suxiao jiuxin wan with isosorbide dinitrate (xiaosuanyishanlizhi) both for ECG improvement (RR 1.34, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.98) and for symptom improvement (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.43). Authors' conclusions Suxiao jiuxin wan appears to be effective in the treatment of angina pectoris and no serious side effects were identified. However, the evidence remains weak due to poor methodological quality of including studies. Plain language summary Chinese herbal medicine suxiao jiuxin wan for angina pectoris Angina pectoris is pain or discomfort within the chest, typically provoked by exertion or anxiety. Angina is a sign that someone is at increased risk of heart attack, cardiac arrest or sudden cardiac death. The aim of treatment for angina is to control the symptoms and prevent a cardiovascular event such as a heart attack. In western medicine, treatment is usually with beta blockers, calcium channel blockers and nitrates (nitroglycerin). Suxiao jiuxin wan is widely used in China in conjunction with these western treatments. This review found weak evidence to suggest suxiao jiuxin wan alone or in combination with other anti‐anginal drugs reduces the symptoms of angina. However, because of the quality of the research, the role of suxiao jiuxin wan is uncertain and more high quality trials are required to assess the effects of suxiao jiuxin wan in the long term.
Skin grafting for venous leg ulcers; Abstract - Background Venous leg ulceration is a recurrent, chronic, disabling condition. It affects up to one in 100 people at some time in their lives. Standard treatments are simple dressings and compression bandages or stockings. Sometimes, despite treatment, ulcers remain open for months or years. Sometimes skin grafts are used to stimulate healing. These may be taken, or grown into a dressing, from the patient's own uninjured skin (autografts), or applied as a sheet of bioengineered skin grown from donor cells (allograft). Preserved skin from other animals, such as pigs, has also been used (xenografts). Objectives To assess the effect of skin grafts for treating venous leg ulcers. Search methods For this update we modified the search strategies and conducted searches of The Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (searched 27 July 2012); The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 7); Ovid MEDLINE (2008 to July Week 3 2012); Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, July 26, 2012); Ovid EMBASE (2008 to 2012 Week 29); and EBSCO CINAHL (2008 to 26 July 2012). We did not apply date or language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of skin grafts in the treatment of venous leg ulcers. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently undertook data extraction and assessment of study quality. Main results For this update of the review, we identified one new trial, bringing the total to 17 trials (1034 participants) ‐ all of which were generally at moderate or high risk of bias. In 12 trials participants also received compression bandaging. Eleven trials compared a graft with standard care in which no graft was used. Two of these trials (102 participants) compared a dressing with an autograft; three trials (80 participants) compared frozen allografts with dressings, and two trials (45 participants) compared fresh allografts with dressings. Two trials (345 participants) compared tissue‐engineered skin (bilayer artificial skin) with a dressing. In two trials (97 participants) a single‐layer dermal replacement was compared with standard care. Six trials compared alternative skin grafting techniques. The first trial (92 participants) compared autografts with frozen allograft, a second (51 participants) compared a pinch graft (autograft) with porcine dermis (xenograft), the third (110 participants) compared growth‐arrested human keratinocytes and fibroblasts with placebo, the fourth (10 participants) compared an autograft delivered on porcine pads with an autograft delivered on porcine gelatin microbeads, the fifth trial (92 participants) compared a meshed graft with a cultured keratinocyte autograft, and the sixth trial (50 participants) compared a frozen keratinocyte allograft with a lyophilised (freeze‐dried) keratinocyte allografts. Significantly more ulcers healed when treated with bilayer artificial skin than with dressings. There was insufficient evidence from the other trials to determine whether other types of skin grafting increased the healing of venous ulcers. Authors' conclusions Bilayer artificial skin, used in conjunction with compression bandaging, increases venous ulcer healing compared with a simple dressing plus compression. Further research is needed to assess whether other forms of skin grafts increase ulcer healing. Plain language summary Skin grafts to improve leg ulcer healing Approximately 1% of people in industrialised countries have a leg ulcer at some time, mainly caused by poor blood flow back from the legs towards the heart. Skin grafts, either using the patient's own skin, artificial skin or donor skin/cells, have been evaluated to see whether they improve the healing of ulcers. The review of trials found evidence that tissue‐engineered skin composed of two layers increases the chance of healing. There was not enough evidence to recommend any other type of graft, and further research is required.
Habit retraining for the management of urinary incontinence in adults; Abstract - Background Habit retraining is a form of toileting assistance given by a caregiver to adults with urinary incontinence. It involves the identification of an incontinent person's natural voiding pattern and the development of an individualised toileting schedule, which pre‐empts involuntary bladder emptying. Objectives To assess the effects of habit retraining for the management of urinary incontinence in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Register (2 April 2009), MEDLINE (January 1966 to February 2004), EMBASE (1980 to May 2002), CINAHL (January 1982‐February 2001), PsycINFO (January 1972‐July 2002), Biological Abstracts, Current Contents and the reference lists of relevant articles. We also contacted experts in the field, searched relevant websites and handsearched journals and conference proceedings. Selection criteria Selection criteria include all randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing habit retraining delivered either alone or in conjunction with another intervention for urinary incontinence in adults. Data collection and analysis At least two people, working independently, undertook data extraction and quality assessment. We resolved any differences by discussion. Main results Four trials with a total of 378 participants meet the inclusion criteria. Three of these (n = 337) test habit retraining combined with other approaches against usual care (Colling 1992; Colling 2003; Jirovec 2001). Participants in these trials were mainly women, with an average age of 80 years, who were physically and/or cognitively impaired, dependent on caregivers and residing in either a nursing home or in their own home. The included trials are considered too heterogeneous for meta‐analysis. Each trial is therefore considered individually. Primary outcomes are the incidence and/or severity of urinary incontinence. Other outcomes include the incidence of urinary‐tract infection, skin rash and skin breakdown, as well as measures of cost, caregiver preparedness, role strain and burden. There are no statistically significant differences detailed in incontinence rates. However, the trials are characterised by limited data, difficulties maintaining compliance with the retraining regimes, and high rates of loss to follow up.   The fourth trial compares habit retraining alone with habit retraining plus an electronic monitoring device, aiming to identify episodes of incontinence more reliably. The 41 participants (25 women and 16 men; mean age 83 years) were from acute care rehabilitation wards. The data are too limited to provide reliable treatment after estimates. However, there is some evidence of less severe incontinence in the monitoring group. A consistent finding from descriptive data suggest that caregivers involved in maintaining voiding records and implementing habit retraining find it difficult to adhere to the protocol. Authors' conclusions The features of habit retraining programmes vary. Adherence to the protocol appears to be problematic for carers. The evidence from the four reviewed trials is too limited to judge whether or not there are improvements in continence that would make investment in habit‐retraining programmes worthwhile. Plain language summary Habit retraining for the management of urinary incontinence in adults Urinary incontinence (inability to control the release of urine) is common in older people, especially those with physical or cognitive impairment. There is a variety of ways of curing or improving incontinence. Habit retraining involves identifying an incontinent person's toileting pattern and developing an individualised toileting schedule to pre‐empt involuntary bladder emptying. It can be labour intensive for the carers. This updated review found that there is not enough evidence from trials on which to judge whether or not there is sufficient improvement in continence to make a habit‐retraining programme worthwhile.
Non‐invasive ventilation for the management of acute hypercapnic respiratory failure due to exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Abstract - Background Non‐invasive ventilation (NIV) with bi‐level positive airway pressure (BiPAP) is commonly used to treat patients admitted to hospital with acute hypercapnic respiratory failure (AHRF) secondary to an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD). Objectives To compare the efficacy of NIV applied in conjunction with usual care versus usual care involving no mechanical ventilation alone in adults with AHRF due to AECOPD. The aim of this review is to update the evidence base with the goals of supporting clinical practice and providing recommendations for future evaluation and research. Search methods We identified trials from the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of trials (CAGR), which is derived from systematic searches of bibliographic databases including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), the Allied and Complementary Medicine Database (AMED), and PsycINFO, and through handsearching of respiratory journals and meeting abstracts. This update to the original review incorporates the results of database searches up to January 2017. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials that compared usual care plus NIV (BiPAP) versus usual care alone in an acute hospital setting for patients with AECOPD due to AHRF were eligible for inclusion. AHRF was defined by a mean admission pH < 7.35 and mean partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PaCO 2 ) > 45 mmHg (6 kPa). Primary review outcomes were mortality during hospital admission and need for endotracheal intubation. Secondary outcomes included hospital length of stay, treatment intolerance, complications, changes in symptoms, and changes in arterial blood gases. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied the selection criteria to determine study eligibility, performed data extraction, and determined risk of bias in accordance with Cochrane guidelines. Review authors undertook meta‐analysis for data that were both clinically and statistically homogenous, and analysed data as both one overall pooled sample and according to two predefined subgroups related to exacerbation severity (admission pH between 7.35 and 7.30 vs below 7.30) and NIV treatment setting (intensive care unit‐based vs ward‐based). We reported results for mortality, need for endotracheal intubation, and hospital length of stay in a 'Summary of findings' table and rated their quality in accordance with GRADE criteria. Main results We included in the review 17 randomised controlled trials involving 1264 participants. Available data indicate that mean age at recruitment was 66.8 years (range 57.7 to 70.5 years) and that most participants (65%) were male. Most studies (12/17) were at risk of performance bias, and for most (14/17), the risk of detection bias was uncertain. These risks may have affected subjective patient‐reported outcome measures (e.g. dyspnoea) and secondary review outcomes, respectively. Use of NIV decreased the risk of mortality by 46% (risk ratio (RR) 0.54, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.76; N = 12 studies; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 12, 95% CI 9 to 23) and decreased the risk of needing endotracheal intubation by 65% (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.46; N = 17 studies; NNTB 5, 95% CI 5 to 6). We graded both outcomes as 'moderate' quality owing to uncertainty regarding risk of bias for several studies. Inspection of the funnel plot related to need for endotracheal intubation raised the possibility of some publication bias pertaining to this outcome. NIV use was also associated with reduced length of hospital stay (mean difference (MD) ‐3.39 days, 95% CI ‐5.93 to ‐0.85; N = 10 studies), reduced incidence of complications (unrelated to NIV) (RR 0.26, 95% CI 0.13 to 0.53; N = 2 studies), and improvement in pH (MD 0.05, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.07; N = 8 studies) and in partial pressure of oxygen (PaO 2 ) (MD 7.47 mmHg, 95% CI 0.78 to 14.16 mmHg; N = 8 studies) at one hour. A trend towards improvement in PaCO 2  was observed, but this finding was not statistically significant (MD ‐4.62 mmHg, 95% CI ‐11.05 to 1.80 mmHg; N = 8 studies). Post hoc analysis revealed that this lack of benefit was due to the fact that data from two studies at high risk of bias showed baseline imbalance for this outcome (worse in the NIV group than in the usual care group). Sensitivity analysis revealed that exclusion of these two studies resulted in a statistically significant positive effect of NIV on PaCO 2 . Treatment intolerance was significantly greater in the NIV group than in the usual care group (risk difference (RD) 0.11, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.17; N = 6 studies). Results of analysis showed a non‐significant trend towards reduction in dyspnoea with NIV compared with usual care (standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐0.16, 95% CI ‐0.34 to 0.02; N = 4 studies). Subgroup analyses revealed no significant between‐group differences. Authors' conclusions Data from good quality randomised controlled trials show that NIV is beneficial as a first‐line intervention in conjunction with usual care for reducing the likelihood of mortality and endotracheal intubation in patients admitted with acute hypercapnic respiratory failure secondary to an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The magnitude of benefit for these outcomes appears similar for patients with acidosis of a mild (pH 7.30 to 7.35) versus a more severe nature (pH < 7.30), and when NIV is applied within the intensive care unit (ICU) or ward setting. Plain language summary Non‐invasive ventilation for people with respiratory failure due to exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) Why is this question important? When people have a severe attack of COPD, their breathing becomes very difficult. This can turn into breathing failure (acute hypercapnic respiratory failure (AHRF)) that often requires urgent hospital‐based medical care. One of the treatments that may be given is breathing support (intubation and mechanical ventilation). This involves delivery of air and/or oxygen via a ventilator connected to a tube inserted down the throat and into the lungs. This is undoubtedly a lifesaving procedure for patients with severe life‐threatening exacerbations of COPD, but it is associated with several possible unwanted side effects. Non‐invasive ventilation (NIV) involves delivery of breathing support via a ventilator connected to a nose mask or a face mask. NIV is used more frequently nowadays to help such patients in many hospitals. This review aimed to determine the effectiveness of adding NIV to usual care for this patient group. How did we answer the question? We reviewed all available evidence up to January 2017 regarding effects of NIV combined with usual care compared with usual care alone (involving no ventilation). Because up to 20% of people with COPD who have respiratory failure can die from it, we looked at the number of deaths as the primary outcome. We also looked at need for intubation and time spent in hospital. What did we find? We included information from 17 clinical trials involving a total of 1264 patients. Compared with usual care in this patient group, we found that NIV was more beneficial for reducing deaths and the number of patients who needed to be intubated. On average, risk of dying was reduced by 46% and risk of needing intubation was reduced by 65%. Reviewers rated the quality of evidence for both of these findings as 'moderate' (according to GRADE criteria). People who had NIV spent an average of three and a half days less in hospital than those who did not. Conclusion This review provides convincing evidence to support the use of NIV as an effective treatment strategy for patients admitted to hospital for acute exacerbations of COPD and respiratory failure.
Intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis and asthma are mediated by similar allergic mechanisms. They may represent two manifestations of the same united airway disease and therefore intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) could improve asthma. Nevertheless none of the asthma guidelines have advocated intranasal corticosteroids for asthma. Objectives To assess the efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids on asthma outcomes in people with rhinitis and asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group trials register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 1, 2003), MEDLINE and reference lists of articles. We also contacted researchers in the field. The last search was conducted in March 2004. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing intranasal corticosteroids to intranasal placebo or to other traditional asthma treatments were included. Intrabronchial corticosteroids were not allowed but a device combining intranasal and intrabronchial corticosteroid was considered as being a primary INCS technique and was therefore also compared to placebo. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Quality assessment for the 14 eligible studies was performed using the Jadad score and by ranking allocation concealment. Statistical analysis for continuous data was done by weighted mean difference or standardised mean difference. Main results Fourteen trials involving 477 people were included. Meta‐analysis for asthma outcomes failed to show a statistically significant benefit of INCS in asthma. However, for symptom scores and forced expiratory volume in one second, the trend favoured a beneficial effect of INCS. For asthma symptom scores (two parallel studies), the standardised mean difference was 0.61 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.04 to 1.26). Meta‐analysis for forced expiratory volume in one second (five parallel studies) gave a standardised mean difference of 0.31 (95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.65). In the parallel studies, meta‐analysis of peak expiratory flow gave a standardised mean difference of ‐0.10 Litres/min (95% CI ‐0.55 to 0.35) for mean peak flow (three studies). Meta‐analysis for methacholine airway responsiveness (three parallel studies) showed a standardised mean difference of ‐0.20 (‐95% CI 0.64 to 0.24). Authors' conclusions Intranasal corticosteroids were well tolerated. While INCS tended to improve asthma symptoms and forced expiratory volume in one second, the results did not reach significance. The combination of intranasal plus intrabronchial corticosteroids should remain the current clinical practice until more research is done. Plain language summary Intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis It has been suggested for nearly twenty years that nasal sprays containing corticosteroids might improve asthma outcomes in people suffering from both asthma and rhinitis. Intranasal corticosteroids had few side effects in people with mild asthma, but the improvements in symptoms scores and lung function could have arisen by chance. Intranasal corticosteroids may be a promising alternative treatment for patients with rhinitis and mild asthma. More research is needed before considering changing the current practice of prescribing corticosteroids delivered by oral inhalers for asthma, and by nasal sprays for rhinitis.
Tranexamic acid for the reduction of bleeding during functional endoscopic sinus surgery; Abstract - Background Chronic rhinosinusitis, with or without nasal polyps, can have a major impact on a person's quality of life. Treatment is usually conservative and may include nasal saline, intranasal corticosteroids, antibiotics or systemic corticosteroids. If these treatments fail endoscopic sinus surgery can be considered. During surgery, visibility of the surgical field is important for the identification of important anatomic landmarks and structures that contribute to safety. Impaired visualisation can lead to complications during surgery, inability to complete the operation or a longer duration of surgery. Different methods are used to decrease intraoperative bleeding, including induced hypotension, topical or systemic vasoconstrictors or total intravenous anaesthesia. Another option is tranexamic acid, an antifibrinolytic agent, which can be administered topically or intravenously. Objectives To assess the effects of peri‐operative tranexamic acid versus no therapy or placebo on operative parameters in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (with or without nasal polyps) who are undergoing functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS). Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 10 February 2022. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing intravenous, oral or topical tranexamic acid with no therapy or placebo in the treatment of patients (adults and children) with chronic rhinosinusitis, with or without nasal polyps, undergoing FESS. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcome measures were surgical field bleeding score (e.g. Wormald or Boezaart grading system), intraoperative blood loss and significant adverse effects (seizures or thromboembolism within 12 weeks of surgery). Secondary outcomes were duration of surgery, incomplete surgery, surgical complications and postoperative bleeding (placing of packing or revision surgery) in the first two weeks after surgery. We performed subgroup analyses for methods of administration, different dosages, different forms of anaesthesia, use of thromboembolic prophylaxis and children versus adults. We evaluated each included study for risk of bias and used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 14 studies in the review, with a total of 942 participants. Sample sizes in the included studies ranged from 10 to 170. All but two studies included adult patients (≥ 18 years). Two studies included children. Most studies had more male patients (range 46.6% to 80%). All studies were placebo‐controlled and four studies had three treatment arms. Three studies investigated topical tranexamic acid; the other studies reported the use of intravenous tranexamic acid. For our primary outcome, surgical field bleeding score measured with the Boezaart or Wormald grading score, we pooled data from 13 studies. The pooled result demonstrated that tranexamic acid probably reduces the surgical field bleeding score, with a standardised mean difference (SMD) of ‐0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.23 to ‐0.51; 13 studies, 772 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). A SMD below ‐0.70 represents a large effect (in either direction). Tranexamic acid may result in a slight reduction in blood loss during surgery compared to placebo with a mean difference (MD) of ‐70.32 mL (95% CI ‐92.28 to ‐48.35 mL; 12 studies, 802 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Tranexamic acid probably has little to no effect on the development of significant adverse events (seizures or thromboembolism) within 24 hours of surgery, with no events in either group and a risk difference (RD) of 0.00 (95% CI ‐0.02 to 0.02; 8 studies, 664 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). However, there were no studies reporting significant adverse event data with a longer duration of follow‐up. Tranexamic acid probably results in little difference in the duration of surgery with a MD of ‐13.04 minutes (95% CI ‐19.27 to ‐6.81; 10 studies, 666 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Tranexamic acid probably results in little to no difference in the incidence of incomplete surgery, with no events in either group and a RD of 0.00 (95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.09; 2 studies, 58 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and likely results in little to no difference in surgical complications, again with no events in either group and a RD of 0.00 (95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.09; 2 studies, 58 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), although these numbers are too small to draw robust conclusions. Tranexamic acid may result in little to no difference in the likelihood of postoperative bleeding (placement of packing or revision surgery within three days of surgery) (RD ‐0.01, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.02; 6 studies, 404 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There were no studies with longer follow‐up. Authors' conclusions There is moderate‐certainty evidence to support the beneficial value of topical or intravenous tranexamic acid during endoscopic sinus surgery with respect to surgical field bleeding score. Low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence suggests a slight decrease in total blood loss during surgery and duration of surgery. Whilst there is moderate‐certainty evidence that tranexamic acid does not lead to more immediate significant adverse events compared to placebo, there is no evidence regarding the risk of serious adverse events more than 24 hours after surgery. There is low‐certainty evidence that tranexamic acid may not change postoperative bleeding. There is not enough evidence available to draw robust conclusions about incomplete surgery or surgical complications. Plain language summary Does tranexamic acid (a medicine used to improve blood clotting) reduce bleeding during endoscopic surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis? What is chronic rhinosinusitis? Chronic rhinosinusitis is an inflammation of the sinuses that has lasted for at least 12 weeks. People with chronic rhinosinusitis can experience symptoms such as a blocked or runny nose, a feeling of facial pain or pressure, or a reduction or loss of the sense of smell. Some people may also have polyps in their nose, which can worsen the symptoms. How is chronic rhinosinusitis treated? Chronic rhinosinusitis is usually treated with medicines such as saline sprays or rinses, anti‐inflammatory sprays/drops (steroids), antibiotics or anti‐inflammatory steroid tablets. If the symptoms continue despite this treatment, surgery can be performed. What did we want to find out? We wanted to see if tranexamic acid, a medicine used to improve blood clotting, could be effective during endoscopic sinus surgery by reducing bleeding, which then potentially reduces the risk of complications. Less bleeding means that surgeons have a better view of the sinuses when they are operating. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated tranexamic acid (either given in the vein or directly applied in the nose by sprays or drops) compared with a placebo (dummy treatment) or no tranexamic acid. We were interested in both children and adults. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 14 studies, with a total of 942 participants, which compared tranexamic acid to normal saline (placebo ‐ dummy treatment) in patients having endoscopic sinus surgery. In 10 studies the treatment was given in a vein and in three it was applied in the nose. All studies used different amounts of the drug. We found that tranexamic acid probably greatly improves the view of the surgeon (based on 13 studies), may slightly reduce total blood loss during surgery (12 studies) and likely does not cause any serious side effects within 24 hours of surgery (i.e. blood clot formation in the brain or seizures ‐ there were no such events in either the treatment or placebo groups) (eight studies). Unfortunately, there is no evidence with respect to serious side effects at a longer duration of follow‐up. The duration of the surgery was investigated in 10 studies. The duration of surgery is probably slightly lower with tranexamic acid. Only two studies investigated complications related to surgery and difficulty completing the surgery as planned. In these studies no difference was seen between the tranexamic acid and placebo groups. However, because these complications are rare no conclusions can be drawn based on these studies.  Nosebleeds after surgery that required intervention (placing of nasal tampons or further surgery) were investigated in six studies. Only two studies reported a patient treated with saline solution (placebo) who experienced a nosebleed after surgery. Tranexamic acid may not make a difference to the likelihood of postoperative bleeding. Based on the evidence in the studies we cannot conclude whether tranexamic acid given either in a vein or applied in the nose is better. We also cannot conclude whether a particular dose of tranexamic acid is better. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are moderately confident about the evidence for the improvement of the view of the surgeon during surgery, but further research may have an impact on the estimate of the effect. We have less confidence in the evidence for lower blood loss during surgery, meaning that the true effect could be very different after more research. For the occurrence of serious side effects within 24 hours after surgery (blood clot formation in the brain or seizures) we are confident that more research would probably not change our findings. How up‐to‐date is the evidence? The evidence is up‐to‐date to February 2022.
Autologous serum eye drops for dry eye; Abstract - Background Theoretically, autologous serum eye drops (AS) offer a potential advantage over traditional therapies on the assumption that AS not only serve as a lacrimal substitute to provide lubrication but contain other biochemical components that allow them to mimic natural tears more closely. Application of AS has gained popularity as second‐line therapy for patients with dry eye. Published studies on this subject indicate that autologous serum could be an effective treatment for dry eye. Objectives We conducted this review to evaluate the efficacy and safety of AS given alone or in combination with artificial tears as compared with artificial tears alone, saline, placebo, or no treatment for adults with dry eye. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2016, Issue 5), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process and Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Ovid OLDMEDLINE (January 1946 to July 2016), Embase (January 1980 to July 2016), Latin American and Caribbean Literature on Health Sciences (LILACS) (January 1982 to July 2016), the ISRCTN registry ( www.isrctn.com/editAdvancedSearch ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We also searched the Science Citation Index Expanded database (December 2016) and reference lists of included studies. We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 5 July 2016. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared AS versus artificial tears for treatment of adults with dry eye. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened all titles and abstracts and assessed full‐text reports of potentially eligible trials. Two review authors extracted data and assessed risk of bias and characteristics of included trials. We contacted investigators to ask for missing data. For both primary and secondary outcomes, we reported mean differences with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for continuous outcomes. We did not perform meta‐analysis owing to differences in outcome assessments across trials. Main results We identified five eligible RCTs (92 participants) that compared AS versus artificial tears or saline in individuals with dry eye of various origins (Sjögren's syndrome‐related dry eye, non‐Sjögren's syndrome dry eye, and postoperative dry eye induced by laser‐assisted in situ keratomileusis (LASIK)). We assessed the certainty of evidence as low or very low because of lack of reporting of quantitative data for most outcomes and unclear or high risk of bias among trials. We judged most risk of bias domains to have unclear risk in two trials owing to insufficient reporting of trial characteristics, and we considered one trial to have high risk of bias for most domains. We judged the remaining two trials to have low risk of bias; however, these trials used a cross‐over design and did not report data in a way that could be used to compare outcomes between treatment groups appropriately. Incomplete outcome reporting and heterogeneity among outcomes and follow‐up periods prevented inclusion of these trials in a summary meta‐analysis. Three trials compared AS with artificial tears; however, only one trial reported quantitative data for analysis. Low‐certainty evidence from one trial suggested that AS might provide some improvement in participant‐reported symptoms compared with artificial tears after two weeks of treatment; the mean difference in mean change in symptom score measured on a visual analogue scale (range 0 to 100, with higher scores representing worse symptoms) was ‐12.0 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐20.16 to ‐3.84; 20 participants). This same trial found mixed results with respect to ocular surface outcomes; the mean difference in mean change in scores between AS and artificial tears was ‐0.9 (95% CI ‐1.47 to ‐0.33; 20 participants; low‐certainty evidence) for fluorescein staining and ‐2.2 (95% CI ‐2.73 to ‐1.67; 20 participants; low‐certainty evidence) for Rose Bengal staining. Both staining scales range from 0 to 9, with higher scores indicating worse results. The mean change in tear film break‐up time was 2.00 seconds longer (95% CI 0.99 to 3.01; 20 participants; low‐certainty evidence) in the AS group than in the artificial tears group. Investigators reported no clinically meaningful differences in Schirmer’s test scores between groups (mean difference ‐0.40 mm, 95% CI ‐2.91 to 2.11; 20 participants; low‐certainty evidence). None of these three trials reported tear hyperosmolarity and adverse events. Two trials compared AS versus saline; however, only one trial reported quantitative data for analysis of only one outcome (Rose Bengal staining). Trial investigators of the two studies reported no differences in symptom scores, fluorescein staining scores, tear film break‐up times, or Schirmer's test scores between groups at two to four weeks' follow‐up. Very low‐certainty evidence from one trial suggested that AS might provide some improvement in Rose Bengal staining scores compared with saline after four weeks of treatment; the mean difference in Rose Bengal staining score (range from 0 to 9, with higher scores showing worse results) was ‐0.60 (95% CI ‐1.11 to ‐0.09; 35 participants). Neither trial reported tear hyperosmolarity outcomes. One trial reported adverse events; two of 12 participants had signs of conjunctivitis with negative culture that did resolve. Authors' conclusions Overall, investigators reported inconsistency in possible benefits of AS for improving participant‐reported symptoms and other objective clinical measures. There might be some benefit in symptoms with AS compared with artificial tears in the short‐term, but we found no evidence of an effect after two weeks of treatment. Well‐planned, large, high‐quality RCTs are warranted to examine participants with dry eye of different severities by using standardized questionnaires to measure participant‐reported outcomes, as well as objective clinical tests and objective biomarkers to assess the benefit of AS therapy for dry eye. Plain language summary Eye drops made from autologous serum as treatment for dry eye What is the aim of this review?   We conducted this Cochrane review to find out whether autologous serum eye drops work as treatment for dry eye. Cochrane researchers searched for all relevant studies seeking an answer to this question and found five studies. What are the key messages of this review?   Eye drops containing autologous serum might be better at improving dry eye symptoms than artificial tear drops in the short term (two weeks). We found very little information as to whether autologous serum eye drops work long term or for clinical measures of dry eye. What was studied in this review?   Dry eye is a common disorder of the tear film, which is a layer of tears covering the surface of the eye. Dry eye affects many adults older than 40 years of age. People with dry eye may feel discomfort in one or both eyes and have sensitivity to light. There are clinical tests that are used by healthcare professionals to measure the amount of tears the eye produces and how fast tears leave the eye. Sometimes these clinical measures do not match the symptoms; a person can have severe dry eye and normal clinical test results, or mild dry eye and abnormal clinical test results. One common treatment for dry eye is artificial tears, which provide lubrication to the surface of the eye. However, artificial tears lack the biological nutrients found in natural tears that are critical to maintenance of the tear film. Eye drops made by separating liquid and cellular components of the patient’s blood, known as autologous serum eye drops, have been shown to possess many of the same biological nutrients found in natural tears. Because of this fact, autologous serum eye drops are believed to be a better tear substitute and have been proposed as treatment for dry eye. What are the main results of the review?   We found five studies in people with dry eye from Australia, Chile, Japan, and Turkey. These studies compared autologous serum eye drops versus traditional artificial tears or saline solution for treatment of dry eye. We could not combine results of the five studies in analysis owing to differences in what each study evaluated. In one study, people who received autologous serum eye drops showed better improvement in symptoms after two weeks than those who received artificial tears. However, results after longer treatment (four weeks or more) and for other outcomes had problems that prevent us from saying whether autologous serum is truly better than artifical tears or saline. The authors of this review conclude that autologous serum versus artificial tears might provide benefit for treatment of dry eye in the short term. However, the overall benefit seems unclear at this time, and much more research is needed in this area. How up‐to‐date is the review?   Cochrane review authors searched for studies that had been published up to July 5, 2016.
Interventions for chronic palmoplantar pustulosis; Abstract - Background Palmoplantar pustulosis is a chronic inflammatory disease in which sterile, relapsing pustules appear on the palms and soles, possibly in conjunction with other symptoms. The previous Cochrane Review on this topic was published in 2006, before biological treatments were extensively used. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for chronic palmoplantar pustulosis to induce and maintain complete remission. Search methods We searched the following databases up to March 2019: Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers and checked the reference lists of the included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Selection criteria We considered RCTs including people with palmoplantar pustulosis or chronic palmoplantar pustular psoriasis assessing topical therapy, systemic therapy, combinations of topical or systemic therapies, or non‐pharmacological therapies compared with placebo, no intervention, or each other. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our outcomes included 'Proportion of participants cleared or almost cleared', 'Proportion of participants with adverse effects serious or severe enough to cause withdrawal', 'Proportion of participants with at least 50% improvement in disease severity', and 'Proportion of participants with adverse effects'. Main results We included 37 studies (1663 participants; mean age 50 years (range 34 to 63); 24% males). These studies reported condition severity differently. Around half of the included trials stated the setting (hospitals, community clinics, or both). More than half of the studies were at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Our included studies assessed mainly systemic treatments (retinoids, ciclosporin, biologics, etretinate + PUVA (combination of psoralens and long‐wave ultraviolet radiation) therapy combined, and antibiotics), but also topical treatments (dermocorticoids, vitamin D) and phototherapy (PUVA, ultraviolet A1 (UVA1)). Other interventions were assessed by single studies. The most common comparator was placebo. All results presented in this abstract were assessed in the short term (mean treatment duration was 11 weeks (range 8 to 24 weeks)) and are based on participants with chronic palmoplantar pustulosis. All outcome time point measurements were taken from baseline and assessed at the end of treatment. Short‐term and long‐term outcomes were defined as measurement up to 24 weeks after randomisation and between 24 and 104 weeks after randomisation, respectively. One trial (188 participants) assessed the topical vitamin D derivative maxacalcitol versus placebo and found that maxacalcitol may be more effective than placebo in achieving clearance (risk ratio (RR) 7.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.85 to 33.12; low‐quality evidence), and the risk of adverse effects (such as mild local irritation, pruritus, and haematological or urinary test abnormalities) is probably similar in both groups (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.19; moderate‐quality evidence). Severity was not reported. Two trials (49 participants) assessed PUVA therapy versus placebo or no treatment, providing very low‐quality evidence. Adverse effects were reported with oral PUVA (including nausea, ankle swelling, and non‐purulent conjunctivitis) and with local PUVA (including blistering, erythema, and pruritus). With regard to the systemic retinoid alitretinoin, one trial (33 participants; moderate‐quality evidence) showed that alitretinoin probably makes little or no difference in reducing severity when compared to placebo (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.36 to 1.30). A similar number of adverse events were reported in both treatment groups, including headache, cheilitis, nausea, arthralgia, and nasopharyngitis (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.17). Clearance was not reported. There may be little or no difference between etanercept and placebo in achieving clearance (RR 1.64, 95% CI 0.08 to 34.28; 1 study; 15 participants; low‐quality evidence); however, the 95% CI was very wide, showing there may be a difference between groups. Severity was not measured. More patients treated with placebo may achieve reduced severity than those treated with ustekinumab, but the wide 95% CI indicates there might be little or no difference between groups and there might be greater effect with ustekinumab (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.11 to 2.13; 1 study; 33 participants; low‐quality evidence). Clearance was not reported. It is uncertain whether guselkumab increases clearance when compared to placebo (2 studies; 154 participants) because the quality of evidence is very low, but guselkumab probably better reduces disease severity (RR 2.88, 95% CI 1.24 to 6.69; 1 study; 49 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Secukinumab is probably superior to placebo in reducing severity (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.02 to 2.35; 1 study; 157 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), but our clearance outcome was not reported. None of these trials reported on occurrence of adverse effects. Only two of the studies discussed above reported adverse effects serious or severe enough to cause withdrawal. Guselkumab may cause more serious adverse events when compared to placebo, but there is uncertainty due to the very wide 95% CI showing there may be little or no difference and showing more events with placebo (RR 2.88, 95% CI 0.32 to 25.80; 1 study; 49 participants; low‐quality evidence). Secukinumab probably causes more serious adverse events than placebo (RR 3.29, 95% CI 1.40 to 7.75; 1 study; 157 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Evidence is lacking for major chronic palmoplantar pustulosis treatments such as superpotent corticosteroids, phototherapy, acitretin, methotrexate, and ciclosporin. Risk of bias and imprecision limit our confidence. Maxacalcitol may be more effective than placebo in achieving clearance in the short term (low‐quality evidence), and the risk of adverse effects is probably similar (moderate‐quality evidence). Oral alitretinoin is probably no more effective than placebo in reducing severity, with a similar risk of adverse effects (moderate‐quality evidence). Regarding biological treatments, we are uncertain of the effect of etanercept on clearance and the effect of ustekinumab on severity (low‐quality evidence). Secukinumab and guselkumab are probably superior to placebo in reducing severity (moderate‐quality evidence). Adverse events not requiring withdrawal were not reported for these treatments. Reporting of serious adverse effects was incomplete: compared to placebo, secukinumab probably caused more participant withdrawals (moderate‐quality evidence), but we are uncertain of the effect of guselkumab (low‐quality evidence). Future trials should assess commonly used treatments using validated severity and quality of life scales. Plain language summary Treating long‐term palmoplantar pustulosis (pustules on the hands and feet) Review question We wanted to assess treatments for palmoplantar pustulosis (a persistent condition characterised by small, pus‐filled blisters on the hands and feet), when compared to an inactive substance (placebo), no intervention, or each other. We included 37 studies. Background Palmoplantar pustulosis negatively affects a person's life; there is no cure or standard treatment. Over time, the skin becomes thicker and redder, and may develop cracks or flake off as scales. Symptoms are treated with topical medicines (usually corticosteroids), systemic medicines (medicines injected or taken by mouth that work throughout the entire body; usually medicines based on vitamin A or D), or phototherapy (ultraviolet light treatment). Study characteristics The studies involved 1663 adults (mostly women) 34 to 63 years of age (average age 50 years). In 19 studies, participants had had palmoplantar pustulosis from two to 16 years (average 6.4 years). Participants had palmoplantar pustular psoriasis (6 studies), palmoplantar pustulosis (29 studies), or both (2 studies). Study authors reported condition severity differently. The included studies assessed a variety of different treatments: mainly systemic treatments (including biologic medicines, vitamin A medicines, immunosuppressants, antibiotics, and light therapy combined with a vitamin A medicine), but also topical medicines (containing steroids or vitamin D) and light treatments. Single studies assessed other treatments. Treatments were most commonly compared against placebo. Treatment length varied; for our key results, this ranged from 8 to 24 weeks (average 11 weeks). When reported, studies were conducted in hospitals, community clinics, or both. Pharmaceutical companies funded 18 studies. Key results Low‐quality evidence suggests that maxacalcitol (a topical vitamin D derivative) may work better than placebo in achieving clearance; moderate‐quality evidence indicates that the number of side effects is probably similar in both groups (participants experienced itching, irritation, and blood or urine test abnormalities) (1 trial; 188 participants). Severity was not measured. We found very low‐quality evidence for PUVA therapy (i.e. psoralen, a drug to sensitise the skin, and ultraviolet light A) versus placebo or no treatment (2 studies; 49 participants), so we are unable to draw conclusions. Side effects with PUVA included skin blisters, redness, itching, swelling, and feeling sick. Oral alitretinoin probably makes little or no difference in reducing severity when compared to placebo (moderate‐quality evidence; 1 study; 33 participants). A similar result was found for side effects, with headache, sickness, joint pain, high cholesterol, and colds reported in both groups. Clearance was not reported. Five studies assessed biological treatments (etanercept, ustekinumab, guselkumab, secukinumab), which use substances made from living organisms, or synthetic versions, to target the immune system. Low‐quality evidence (1 study; 15 participants) suggests that etanercept may make little or no difference in clearance when compared to placebo, but we are very uncertain of this result. Side effects and severity were not measured. We found low‐quality evidence suggesting that ustekinumab may be worse than placebo in reducing disease severity, but we are very uncertain of this result. Side effects and clearance were not reported (1 study; 33 participants). Compared to placebo, guselkumab probably reduces severity (moderate‐quality evidence; 1 study; 49 participants), but its effects on clearance are uncertain (very low‐quality evidence; 2 studies; 154 participants). Side effects were not measured. Moderate‐quality evidence shows that secukinumab was probably superior to placebo in reducing severity, but skin clearance and side effects were not reported (1 study; 157 participants). Only two studies described above reported withdrawals from treatment due to serious side effects; these are probably more frequent with secukinumab than with placebo (157 participants), and may occur more often with guselkumab than with placebo (49 participants), but we are very uncertain of the guselkumab result. For these key results, outcomes were assessed between 8 and 24 weeks, which we deemed short term. This evidence is current to March 2019. Quality of the evidence The key comparisons reported clearance most often, but evidence quality was mainly very low. Only two key studies reported side effects causing withdrawal (low‐ and moderate‐quality evidence). The evidence underlying our severity and side effects outcomes was variable in quality (very low to moderate). Small participant numbers, results with wide margins of error, and selective reporting have limited our confidence in the evidence.
Antibiotics for trachoma; Abstract - Background Trachoma is the world's leading infectious cause of blindness. In 1996, WHO launched the Alliance for the Global Elimination of Trachoma by the year 2020, based on the 'SAFE' strategy (surgery, antibiotics, facial cleanliness, and environmental improvement). Objectives To assess the evidence supporting the antibiotic arm of the SAFE strategy by assessing the effects of antibiotics on both active trachoma (primary objective),  Chlamydia trachomatis  infection of the conjunctiva, antibiotic resistance, and adverse effects (secondary objectives). Search methods We searched relevant electronic databases and trials registers. The date of the last search was 4 January 2019. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that satisfied either of two criteria: (a) trials in which topical or oral administration of an antibiotic was compared to placebo or no treatment in people or communities with trachoma, (b) trials in which a topical antibiotic was compared with an oral antibiotic in people or communities with trachoma. We also included studies addressing different dosing strategies in the population.  Data collection and analysis We used standard methods expected by Cochrane. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We identified 14 studies where individuals with trachoma were randomised and 12 cluster‐randomised studies.  Any antibiotic versus control (individuals) Nine studies (1961 participants) randomised individuals with trachoma to antibiotic or control (no treatment or placebo). All of these studies enrolled children and young people with active trachoma. The antibiotics used in these studies included topical (oxy)tetracycline (5 studies), doxycycline (2 studies), and sulfonamides (4 studies). Four studies had more than two study arms. In general these studies were poorly reported, and it was difficult to judge risk of bias. These studies provided low‐certainty evidence that people with active trachoma treated with antibiotics experienced a reduction in active trachoma at three months (risk ratio (RR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69 to 0.89; 1961 people; 9 RCTs; I 2  = 73%) and 12 months (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.00; 1035 people; 4 RCTs; I 2  = 90%). Low‐certainty evidence was available for ocular infection at three months (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.04; 297 people; 4 RCTs; I 2  = 0%) and 12 months (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.78; 129 people; 1 RCT). None of these studies assessed antimicrobial resistance. In those studies that reported harms, no serious adverse effects were reported (low‐certainty evidence). Oral versus topical antibiotics (individuals) Eight studies (1583 participants) compared oral and topical antibiotics. Only one study included people older than 21 years of age. Oral antibiotics included azithromycin (5 studies), sulfonamides (2 studies), and doxycycline (1 study). Topical antibiotics included (oxy)tetracycline (6 studies), azithromycin (1 study), and sulfonamide (1 study). These studies were poorly reported, and it was difficult to judge risk of bias. There was low‐certainty evidence of little or no difference in effect between oral and topical antibiotics on active trachoma at three months (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.16; 953 people; 6 RCTs; I 2  = 63%) and 12 months (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.15; 886 people; 5 RCTs; I 2  = 56%). There was very low‐certainty evidence for ocular infection at three or 12 months. Antimicrobial resistance was not assessed. In those studies that reported adverse effects, no serious adverse effects were reported; one study reported abdominal pain with azithromycin; one study reported a couple of cases of nausea with azithromycin; and one study reported three cases of reaction to sulfonamides (low‐certainty evidence). Oral azithromycin versus control (communities) Four cluster‐randomised studies compared antibiotic with no or delayed treatment. Data were available on active trachoma at 12 months from two studies but could not be pooled because of reporting differences. One study at low risk of bias found a reduced prevalence of active trachoma 12 months after a single dose of azithromycin in communities with a high prevalence of infection (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.65; 1247 people). The other, lower quality, study in low‐prevalence communities reported similar median prevalences of infection at 12 months: 9.3% in communities treated with azithromycin and 8.2% in untreated communities. We judged this moderate‐certainty evidence for a reduction in active trachoma with treatment, downgrading one level for inconsistency between the two studies. Two studies reported ocular infection at 12 months and data could be pooled. There was a reduction in ocular infection (RR 0.36, 0.31 to 0.43; 2139 people) 12 months after mass treatment with a single dose compared with no treatment (moderate‐certainty evidence). There was high‐certainty evidence of an increased risk of resistance of  Streptococcus pneumoniae ,  Staphylococcus aureus , and  Escherichia coli  to azithromycin, tetracycline, and clindamycin in communities treated with azithromycin, with approximately 5‐fold risk ratios at 12 months. The evidence did not support increased resistance to penicillin or trimethoprim‐sulfamethoxazole. None of the studies measured resistance to  C trachomatis . No serious adverse events were reported. The main adverse effect noted for azithromycin (˜10%) was abdominal pain, vomiting, and nausea. Oral azithromycin versus topical tetracycline (communities) Three cluster‐randomised studies compared oral azithromycin with topical tetracycline. The evidence was inconsistent for active trachoma and ocular infection at three and 12 months (low‐certainty evidence) and was not pooled due to considerable heterogeneity. Antimicrobial resistance and adverse effects were not reported. Different dosing strategies Six studies compared different strategies for dosing. There were: mass treatment at different dosing intervals; applying cessation or stopping rules to mass treatment; strategies to increase mass treatment coverage. There was no strong evidence to support any variation in the recommended annual mass treatment. Authors' conclusions Antibiotic treatment may reduce the risk of active trachoma and ocular infection in people infected with  C trachomatis , compared to no treatment/placebo, but the size of the treatment effect in individuals is uncertain. Mass antibiotic treatment with single dose oral azithromycin reduces the prevalence of active trachoma and ocular infection in communities. There is no strong evidence to support any variation in the recommended periodicity of annual mass treatment. There is evidence of an increased risk of antibiotic resistance at 12 months in communities treated with antibiotics. Plain language summary Antibiotics for trachoma What is the aim of this review?   The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if antibiotics work for treating trachoma, either in individuals or communities. Cochrane researchers collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 26 studies. Key messages   The review shows that antibiotic treatment of people and communities with trachoma leads to less eye infection due to trachoma and less eye disease. Mass treatment of communities with antibiotics is associated with increased antimicrobial resistance. What was studied in the review?   Trachoma is caused by a kind of bacterial infection of the outer eye which, if not treated, can lead to blindness. This germ is known as  Chlamydia trachomatis , which thrives where water is scarce and hygiene is poor. Trachoma is the most common infectious cause of vision loss and usually affects people living in poor communities. Repeated bouts of conjunctivitis (inflammation of the membrane that covers the surface of the eyeball and inside of the eyelids) known as 'active trachoma' caused by this eye infection can lead to inward turning of the upper eyelid. The eyelashes rub the clear front part of the eye (cornea) leading to pain, scarring, and blindness. The World Health Organization (WHO) has developed the SAFE strategy to eliminate trachoma. •  S urgery for inward‐turning eyelids  •  A ntibiotics to clear the eye infection  •  F acial cleanliness to stop the eye infection being passed on  •  E nvironmental improvement, in particular clean water and sanitation This review considers the  A  part of the SAFE strategy .  Antibiotics can be used to treat the eye infection and may be given as an ointment or by mouth. The two antibiotics commonly used for the treatment of trachoma are azithromycin (single dose by mouth) and tetracycline (ointment applied to the eye over several weeks). What are the main results of the review?   Cochrane researchers found 26 relevant studies. Fourteen studies enrolled people with trachoma. These studies took place in the following WHO regions (one study took place in two regions): African Region (three studies), Eastern Mediterranean Region (five studies), Region of the Americas (four studies), South‐East Asian Region (one study), and Western Pacific Region (two studies). Most of the studies enrolled children and young people with active trachoma. These studies showed that:  ⇒  people with trachoma treated with antibiotics may have less active trachoma and eye infection at three and 12 months after treatment (low‐certainty evidence); ⇒  there may be little or no difference in active trachoma between oral and topical antibiotics at three months and 12 months (low‐certainty evidence) but there was only very low‐certainty evidence on eye infection at three and 12 months; ⇒  there were no reports of serious adverse effects. The most common adverse effect reported was nausea with azithromycin.  Twelve studies enrolled communities in areas where trachoma is common and treated the whole community ('mass treatment'). These studies took place mainly in the African Region (10 studies), with one study in the Eastern Mediterranean Region (Egypt) and one study in the Western Pacific Region (Vietnam). These studies showed that:  ⇒  communities treated with azithromycin had less trachoma (active trachoma and eye infection) 12 months after a single dose treatment (moderate‐certainty evidence); ⇒  there was no strong evidence to support changing from the currently recommended strategy of mass treatment of affected communities every year; ⇒  there was an increased risk of antimicrobial resistance in treated communities (high‐certainty evidence).  How up‐to‐date is this review?   Cochrane researchers searched for studies that had been published up to 4 January 2019.
Paracetamol (acetaminophen) or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, alone or combined, for pain relief in acute otitis media in children; Abstract - Background Acute otitis media (AOM) is one of the most common childhood infectious diseases. Pain is the key symptom of AOM and central to children's and parents' experience of the illness. Because antibiotics provide only marginal benefits, analgesic treatment including paracetamol (acetaminophen) and non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is regarded as the cornerstone of AOM management. This is an update of a review first published in 2016. Objectives Our primary objective was to assess the effectiveness of paracetamol (acetaminophen) or NSAIDs, alone or combined, compared with placebo or no treatment in relieving pain in children with AOM. Our secondary objective was to assess the effectiveness of NSAIDs as compared with paracetamol in children with AOM. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Issue 5, April 2023; MEDLINE (Ovid, from 1946 to May 2023), Embase (from 1947 to May 2023), CINAHL (from 1981 to May 2023), LILACS (from 1982 to May 2023), and Web of Science Core Collection (from 1955 to May 2023). We searched the WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov for completed and ongoing trials (23 May 2023). Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials comparing the effectiveness of paracetamol or NSAIDs, alone or combined, for pain relief in non‐hospitalised children aged six months to 16 years with AOM. We also included trials of paracetamol or NSAIDs, alone or combined, for children with fever or upper respiratory tract infections if we were able to extract subgroup data on pain relief in children with AOM either directly or after obtaining additional data from study authors. We extracted and summarised data for the following comparisons: paracetamol versus placebo, NSAIDs versus placebo, NSAIDs versus paracetamol, and NSAIDs plus paracetamol versus paracetamol alone. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. We rated the overall certainty of evidence for each outcome of interest using the GRADE approach. Main results We included four trials (411 children) which were assessed at low to high risk of bias. Paracetamol versus placebo Data from one trial (148 children) informed this comparison. Paracetamol may be more effective than placebo in relieving pain at 48 hours (proportion of children with pain 10% versus 25%, risk ratio (RR) 0.38, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.17 to 0.85; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 7; low‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effects of paracetamol on fever at 48 hours (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.12; very low‐certainty evidence) and adverse events (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.21 to 4.93; very low‐certainty evidence). No data were available for our other outcomes of interest. NSAIDs versus placebo Data from one trial (146 children) informed this comparison. Ibuprofen may be more effective than placebo in relieving pain at 48 hours (proportion of children with pain 7% versus 25%, RR 0.28, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.70; NNTB 6; low‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of ibuprofen on fever at 48 hours (RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.57; very low‐certainty evidence) and adverse events (RR 1.76, 95% CI 0.44 to 7.10; very low‐certainty evidence). No data were available for our other outcomes of interest. NSAIDs versus paracetamol Data from four trials (411 children) informed this comparison. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of ibuprofen versus paracetamol in relieving ear pain at 24 hours (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.18; 2 RCTs, 39 children; very low‐certainty evidence); 48 to 72 hours (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.54; 3 RCTs, 183 children; low‐certainty evidence); and four to seven days (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.17 to 3.23; 2 RCTs, 38 children; very low‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of ibuprofen versus paracetamol on mean pain score at 24 hours (0.29 lower, 95% CI 0.79 lower to 0.20 higher; 3 RCTs, 111 children; very low‐certainty evidence); 48 to 72 hours (0.25 lower, 95% CI 0.66 lower to 0.16 higher; 3 RCTs, 108 children; very low‐certainty evidence); and four to seven days (0.30 higher, 95% CI 1.78 lower to 2.38 higher; 2 RCTs, 31 children; very low‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of ibuprofen versus paracetamol in resolving fever at 24 hours (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.24 to 2.00; 2 RCTs, 39 children; very low‐certainty evidence); 48 to 72 hours (RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.31 to 4.44; 3 RCTs, 182 children; low‐certainty evidence); and four to seven days (RR 2.75, 95% CI 0.12 to 60.70; 2 RCTs, 39 children; very low‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of ibuprofen versus paracetamol on adverse events (RR 1.71, 95% CI 0.43 to 6.90; 3 RCTs, 281 children; very low‐certainty evidence); reconsultations (RR 1.13, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.40; 1 RCT, 53 children; very low‐certainty evidence); and delayed antibiotic prescriptions (RR 1.32, 95% CI 0.74 to 2.35; 1 RCT, 53 children; very low‐certainty evidence). No data were available on time to resolution of pain. NSAIDs plus paracetamol versus paracetamol alone Data on the effectiveness of ibuprofen plus paracetamol versus paracetamol alone came from two trials that provided crude subgroup data for 71 children with AOM. The small sample provided imprecise effect estimates, therefore we were unable to draw any firm conclusions (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Despite explicit guideline recommendations on the use of analgesics in children with AOM, the current evidence on the effectiveness of paracetamol or NSAIDs, alone or combined, in children with AOM is limited. Paracetamol and ibuprofen as monotherapies may be more effective than placebo in relieving short‐term ear pain in children with AOM. The evidence is very uncertain for the effect of ibuprofen versus paracetamol on relieving short‐term ear pain in children with AOM, as well as for the effectiveness of ibuprofen plus paracetamol versus paracetamol alone, thereby preventing any firm conclusions. Further research is needed to provide insights into the role of ibuprofen as adjunct to paracetamol, and other analgesics such as anaesthetic eardrops, for children with AOM. Plain language summary Drugs to relieve pain for children with acute middle ear infection Key messages ‐ The current evidence on the effectiveness of painkillers, alone or together, in relieving ear pain in children with acute middle ear infection (acute otitis media (AOM)) is limited. ‐ Both paracetamol (acetaminophen) and ibuprofen as standalone treatments may be more effective than placebo in relieving short‐term ear pain in children with AOM. We are uncertain if there is a difference in effect between ibuprofen and paracetamol and between ibuprofen plus paracetamol and paracetamol alone, thereby preventing any firm conclusions. ‐ Further research is needed into the role of ibuprofen as an add‐on treatment to paracetamol, as well as on other pain relievers such as analgesic eardrops, for children with AOM. What is AOM? AOM, or acute middle ear infection, is one of the most common childhood infections and is usually preceded by a viral upper respiratory tract infection. Ear pain is the key symptom and central to children's and parents' experience of the illness. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if painkillers are effective for relieving ear pain in children with AOM and which drugs, alone or together, provide the most effective pain relief. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at the effectiveness of paracetamol (acetaminophen) or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs such as ibuprofen), alone or combined, compared with placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment in relieving pain in non‐hospitalised children aged six months to 16 years with AOM. We also wanted to evaluate the effectiveness of NSAIDs as compared with paracetamol in these children. We compared and summarised the results of these studies, and rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as study methods and effect sizes. What did we find? Very limited information was available to assess how useful painkillers are for relieving ear pain in children with AOM. One trial compared paracetamol versus placebo (148 children) and NSAIDs versus placebo (146 children). We found that when used alone, paracetamol and ibuprofen may be more effective than placebo in relieving ear pain at 48 hours (25% of children receiving placebo had pain at 48 hours versus 10% in the paracetamol and 7% in the ibuprofen group). Four trials (411 children) compared ibuprofen versus paracetamol in children with AOM. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of ibuprofen versus paracetamol in relieving short‐term ear pain in children with AOM. The evidence is very uncertain about the effects of paracetamol and ibuprofen on adverse events. The very limited number of participants prevented us from drawing any firm conclusions on the effects of ibuprofen plus paracetamol versus paracetamol alone. What are the limitations of the evidence? Due to such issues as study limitations and questions about the applicability of the evidence, we have low confidence in the evidence for all comparisons. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The evidence in this review is current to 23 May 2023.
Antibiotics for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background The clinical presentation of acute chest syndrome is similar whether due to infectious or non‐infectious causes, thus antibiotics are usually prescribed to treat all episodes. Many different pathogens, including bacteria, have been implicated as causative agents of acute chest syndrome. There is no standardized approach to antibiotic therapy and treatment is likely to vary from country to country. Thus, there is a need to identify the efficacy and safety of different antibiotic treatment approaches for people with sickle cell disease suffering from acute chest syndrome. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2007, and most recently updated in 2015. Objectives To determine whether an empirical antibiotic treatment approach (used alone or in combination): 1. is effective for acute chest syndrome compared to placebo or standard treatment; 2. is safe for acute chest syndrome compared to placebo or standard treatment; Further objectives are to determine whether there are important variations in efficacy and safety: 3. for different treatment regimens, 4. by participant age, or geographical location of the clinical trials. Search methods We searched The Group's Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register, which comprises references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearching of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. We also searched the LILACS database (1982 to 23 October 2017), African Index Medicus (1982 to 23 October 2017) and trial registries (23 October 2017). Date of most recent search of the Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register: 10 July 2019. Selection criteria We searched for published or unpublished randomised controlled trials. Data collection and analysis Each author intended to independently extract data and assess trial quality by standard Cochrane methodologies, but no eligible randomised controlled trials were identified. Main results For this update, we were unable to find any randomised controlled trials on antibiotic treatment approaches for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Authors' conclusions This update was unable to identify randomised controlled trials on efficacy and safety of the antibiotic treatment approaches for people with sickle cell disease suffering from acute chest syndrome. While randomised controlled trials are needed to establish the optimum antibiotic treatment for this condition, we do not envisage further trials of this intervention will be conducted, and hence the review will no longer be regularly updated. Plain language summary Antibiotics for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease Review question We reviewed the evidence about the effects and safety of antibiotics (alone or in combination) as compared to other antibiotics, placebo (a 'dummy' treatment) or standard treatment. We wanted to know if the different antibiotic treatments were effective, if they were safe, and which doses worked best for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Background Sickle cell disease affects millions of people throughout the world. Acute chest syndrome is a major cause of illness and death in people with sickle cell disease. Symptoms include fever, chest pain and a raised white blood cell count. Acute infection of the lung tissue is a major cause of acute chest syndrome. Antibiotics are often given to treat these lung infections, but there is no worldwide standard treatment. Search date The evidence is current to: 10 July 2019. Study characteristics This update was unable to find any trials to include in this review. Key results While we conclude that a randomised controlled trial should attempt to answer these questions, we do not envisage further trials of this intervention will be conducted, and hence the review will no longer be regularly updated. Until there is firm evidence, clinicians should treat acute chest syndrome on a case by case basis and according to the diagnosis and the treatment available.
Nebulised hypertonic saline solution for acute bronchiolitis in infants; Abstract - Background Airway oedema (swelling) and mucus plugging are the principal pathological features in infants with acute viral bronchiolitis. Nebulised hypertonic saline solution (≥ 3%) may reduce these pathological changes and decrease airway obstruction. This is an update of a review first published in 2008, and updated in 2010, 2013, and 2017. Objectives To assess the effects of nebulised hypertonic (≥ 3%) saline solution in infants with acute bronchiolitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, MEDLINE Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Embase, CINAHL, LILACS, and Web of Science on 13 January 2022. We also searched the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov on 13 January 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs using nebulised hypertonic saline alone or in conjunction with bronchodilators as an active intervention and nebulised 0.9% saline or standard treatment as a comparator in children under 24 months with acute bronchiolitis. The primary outcome for inpatient trials was length of hospital stay, and the primary outcome for outpatients or emergency department (ED) trials was rate of hospitalisation. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, data extraction, and assessment of risk of bias in included studies. We conducted random‐effects model meta‐analyses using Review Manager 5. We used mean difference (MD), risk ratio (RR), and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) as effect size metrics. Main results We included six new trials (N = 1010) in this update, bringing the total number of included trials to 34, involving 5205 infants with acute bronchiolitis, of whom 2727 infants received hypertonic saline. Eleven trials await classification due to insufficient data for eligibility assessment. All included trials were randomised, parallel‐group, controlled trials, of which 30 were double‐blinded. Twelve trials were conducted in Asia, five in North America, one in South America, seven in Europe, and nine in Mediterranean and Middle East regions. The concentration of hypertonic saline was defined as 3% in all but six trials, in which 5% to 7% saline was used. Nine trials had no funding, and five trials were funded by sources from government or academic agencies. The remaining 20 trials did not provide funding sources. Hospitalised infants treated with nebulised hypertonic saline may have a shorter mean length of hospital stay compared to those treated with nebulised normal (0.9%) saline or standard care (mean difference (MD) −0.40 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) −0.69 to −0.11; 21 trials, 2479 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Infants who received hypertonic saline may also have lower postinhalation clinical scores than infants who received normal saline in the first three days of treatment (day 1: MD −0.64, 95% CI −1.08 to −0.21; 10 trials (1 outpatient, 1 ED, 8 inpatient trials), 893 infants; day 2: MD −1.07, 95% CI −1.60 to −0.53; 10 trials (1 outpatient, 1 ED, 8 inpatient trials), 907 infants; day 3: MD −0.89, 95% CI −1.44 to −0.34; 10 trials (1 outpatient, 9 inpatient trials), 785 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Nebulised hypertonic saline may reduce the risk of hospitalisation by 13% compared with nebulised normal saline amongst infants who were outpatients and those treated in the ED (risk ratio (RR) 0.87, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.97; 8 trials, 1760 infants; low‐certainty evidence). However, hypertonic saline may not reduce the risk of readmission to hospital up to 28 days after discharge (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.25; 6 trials, 1084 infants; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain whether infants who received hypertonic saline have a lower number of days to resolution of wheezing compared to those who received normal saline (MD −1.16 days, 95% CI −1.43 to −0.89; 2 trials, 205 infants; very low‐certainty evidence), cough (MD −0.87 days, 95% CI −1.31 to −0.44; 3 trials, 363 infants; very low‐certainty evidence), and pulmonary moist crackles (MD −1.30 days, 95% CI −2.28 to −0.32; 2 trials, 205 infants; very low‐certainty evidence). Twenty‐seven trials presented safety data: 14 trials (1624 infants; 767 treated with hypertonic saline, of which 735 (96%) co‐administered with bronchodilators) did not report any adverse events, and 13 trials (2792 infants; 1479 treated with hypertonic saline, of which 416 (28%) co‐administered with bronchodilators and 1063 (72%) hypertonic saline alone) reported at least one adverse event such as worsening cough, agitation, bronchospasm, bradycardia, desaturation, vomiting and diarrhoea, most of which were mild and resolved spontaneously (low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Nebulised hypertonic saline may modestly reduce length of stay amongst infants hospitalised with acute bronchiolitis and may slightly improve clinical severity score. Treatment with nebulised hypertonic saline may also reduce the risk of hospitalisation amongst outpatients and ED patients. Nebulised hypertonic saline seems to be a safe treatment in infants with bronchiolitis with only minor and spontaneously resolved adverse events, especially when administered in conjunction with a bronchodilator. The certainty of the evidence was low to very low for all outcomes, mainly due to inconsistency and risk of bias. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of hypertonic saline solution via nebuliser for treating infants with acute bronchiolitis, compared to normal saline solution? Key messages Compared to nebulised normal saline, nebulised hypertonic saline may reduce hospital stay by almost 10 hours for infants admitted with acute bronchiolitis; may improve 'clinical severity scores', which are used by doctors to assess disease severity; and may reduce the risk of hospitalisation by 13% amongst children treated as outpatients or in the emergency department. We found only minor and spontaneously resolved adverse events (such as worsening cough, agitation, bronchospasm, bradycardia, desaturation, vomiting and diarrhoea) from the use of nebulised hypertonic saline when given with treatment to relax airways (bronchodilators). Our confidence in the evidence is low to very low; future large studies are needed to confirm the benefits of nebulised hypertonic saline for children with acute bronchiolitis. What is acute bronchiolitis? Acute bronchiolitis is the most common lower respiratory tract infection in children aged up to two years. Bronchiolitis occurs when small structures (bronchioles) leading to the lungs become infected, causing inflammation, swelling, and mucus production. This makes breathing difficult, especially in very young children, who develop coughs and wheezing. Because bronchiolitis is usually caused by a virus, drug treatment is generally not effective. Hypertonic saline (a strong, or highly concentrated, sterile salt water solution) breathed in as a fine mist using a nebuliser may help relieve wheezing and breathing difficulty. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if hypertonic saline solution via nebuliser is more effective and safe for the treatment of infants with acute bronchiolitis compared to normal saline solution. What did we do? We searched for studies that compared nebulised hypertonic (≥ 3%) saline solution alone or combined with bronchodilators versus nebulised normal (0.9%) saline or standard treatment for infants with acute bronchiolitis. We combined the results across the included studies. What did we find? We included 34 trials involving 5205 infants with acute bronchiolitis. Eleven trials await assessment. Nine trials had no funding, and five trials were funded by government sources or academic agencies. The remaining 20 trials did not provide funding sources. Nebulised hypertonic saline may reduce hospital stay by 9.6 hours in comparison to normal saline or standard treatment for infants admitted with acute bronchiolitis. Clinical severity scores of infants improved slightly when administered nebulised hypertonic saline compared to normal saline. It remains unclear whether nebulised hypertonic saline can reduce the number of days to resolution of symptoms. Treatment with nebulised hypertonic saline may also reduce the risk of hospitalisation by 13% amongst children treated as outpatients or in the emergency department. However, hypertonic saline may not reduce the risk of readmission to hospital after discharge. We found only minor and spontaneously resolved adverse events (such as worsening cough, agitation, bronchospasm, bradycardia, desaturation, vomiting and diarrhoea) from the use of nebulised hypertonic saline when given with bronchodilators. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence is low to very low, and further research is likely to change the results of this review. Two main factors reduced our confidence in the evidence. Firstly, in some trials children were not randomly placed into different treatment groups, which means that any differences between groups could be due to differences between people rather than treatments. Secondly, there were inconsistencies in results across trials. How up‐to‐date is the evidence? The evidence is current to 13 January 2022.
Methotrexate for induction of remission in refractory Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Although corticosteroids are effective for induction of remission of Crohn's disease, many patients relapse when steroids are withdrawn or become steroid dependent. Furthermore, corticosteroids exhibit significant adverse effects. The success of methotrexate as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis led to its evaluation in patients with refractory Crohn's disease. Methotrexate has been studied for induction of remission of refractory Crohn's disease and has become the principal alternative to azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine therapy. This systematic review is an update of previously published Cochrane reviews. Objectives The primary objective was to assess the efficacy and safety of methotrexate for induction of remission in patients with active Crohn's disease in the presence or absence of concomitant steroid therapy. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL and the Cochrane IBD/FBD group specialized register from inception to June 9, 2014 for relevant studies. Conference proceedings and reference lists were also searched to identify additional studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials of methotrexate compared to placebo or an active comparator for treatment of active refractory Crohn's disease in adult patients (> 17 years) were considered for inclusion. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was failure to enter remission and withdraw from steroids. Secondary outcomes included adverse events, withdrawal due to adverse events, serious adverse events and quality of life. We calculated the relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for each outcome. Data were analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis. The Cochrane risk of bias tool was used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. The GRADE approach was used to assess the overall quality of evidence supporting the primary outcome. Main results Seven studies (495 patients) were included. Four studies were rated as low risk of bias. Three studies were rated as high risk of bias due to open label or single‐blind designs. The seven studies differed with respect to participants, intervention, and outcomes to the extent that meta‐analysis was considered to be inappropriate. GRADE analyses indicated that the quality of evidence was very low to low for most outcomes due to sparse data and inadequate blinding. Three small studies which employed low dose oral methotrexate showed no statistically significant difference in failure to induce remission between methotrexate and placebo or between methotrexate and 6‐mercaptopurine. For the study using 15 mg/week of oral methotrexate 33% (5/15) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 11% (2/18) of placebo patients (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.68 to 13.31). For the study using 12.5 mg/week of oral methotrexate 62% (16/26) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 54% (14/26) of placebo patients (RR 1.14, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.82). This study also had an active comparator arm, 62% (16/26) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 59% (19/32) of 6‐mercaptopurine patients (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.57). For the active comparator study using 15 mg/week oral methotrexate, 20% (3/15) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 6% of 6‐mercaptopurine patients (RR 3.20, 95% CI 0.37 to 27.49). This study also had a 5‐ASA arm and found that methotrexate patients were significantly more likely to enter remission than 5‐ASA patients. Twenty per cent (3/15) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 86% (6/7) of 5‐ASA patients (RR 0.23, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.67). One small study which used a higher dose of intravenous or oral methotrexate (25 mg/week) showed no statistically significant difference between methotrexate and azathioprine. Forty‐four per cent (12/27) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 37% of azathioprine patients (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.63 to 2.29). Two studies found no statistically significant difference in failure to enter remission between the combination of infliximab and methotrexate and infliximab monotherapy. One small study utilized intravenous methotrexate (20 mg/week) for 5 weeks and then switched to oral (20 mg/week). Forty‐five per cent (5/11) of patients in the combination group failed to enter remission compared to 62% of infliximab patients (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.69). The other study assessing combination therapy utilized subcutaneous methotrexate (maximum dose 25 mg/week). Twenty‐four per cent (15/63) of patients in the combination group failed to enter remission compared to 22% (14/63) of infliximab patients (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.57 to 2.03). A large placebo‐controlled study which employed a high dose of methotrexate intramuscularly showed a statistically significant benefit relative to placebo. Sixty‐one per cent of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 81% of placebo patients (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.93; number needed to treat, NNT=5). Withdrawals due to adverse events were significantly more common in methotrexate patients than placebo in this study. Seventeen per cent of methotrexate patients withdrew due to adverse events compared to 2% of placebo patients (RR 8.00, 95% CI 1.09 to 58.51). The incidence of adverse events was significantly more common in methotrexate patients (63%, 17/27) than azathioprine patients (26%, 7/27) in one small study (RR 2.42, 95% CI 1.21 to 4.89). No other statistically significant differences in adverse events, withdrawals due to adverse events or serious adverse events were reported in any of the other placebo‐controlled or active comparator studies. Common adverse events included nausea and vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, skin rash and headache. Authors' conclusions There is evidence from a single large randomized trial which suggests that intramuscular methotrexate (25 mg/week) provides a benefit for induction of remission and complete withdrawal from steroids in patients with refractory Crohn's disease. Lower dose oral methotrexate does not appear to provide any significant benefit relative to placebo or active comparator. However, these trials were small and further studies of oral methotrexate may be justified. Comparative studies of methotrexate to drugs such as azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine would require the randomization of large numbers of patients. The addition of methotrexate to infliximab therapy does not appear to provide any additional benefit over infliximab monotherapy. However these studies were relatively small and further research is needed to determine the role of methotrexate when used in conjunction with infliximab or other biological therapies. Plain language summary Methotrexate for treatment of active treatment resistant Crohn's disease Although corticosteroids are effective for induction of remission of Crohn's disease, many patients relapse when steroids are withdrawn or become steroid dependent. Furthermore, corticosteroids exhibit significant side effects. Methotrexate is an immunosuppressive drug that is used to treat active treatment resistant Crohn's disease. This review includes seven randomized trials with a total of 495 participants. There is evidence from one large study which suggests that methotrexate (25 mg/week) injected intramuscularly for 16 weeks among patients with active treatment resistant Crohn's disease may provide a benefit for induction of remission and complete withdrawal from steroids. This reduction in steroid use could reduce steroid‐induced side effects for people with chronic Crohn's disease. Although side effects are more common with high dose methotrexate therapy, no serious side effects have been observed. Common side effects associated with methotrexate therapy include nausea and vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, skin rash and headache. Studies comparing lower dose oral methotrexate (12.5 to 15 mg/week) to placebo (e.g. sugar pill) or other active drugs (e.g. azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine) indicate that lower dose oral methotrexate does not appear to provide any benefit for treatment of active treatment resistant Crohn's disease. However, these trials were small in size and further studies of oral methotrexate may be justified. Two studies looked at the combination of methotrexate and infliximab (a biological drug) compared to infliximab therapy alone. These studies indicated that the addition of methotrexate to infliximab therapy does not appear to provide any additional benefit over infiximab. However these studies were relatively small and further research is needed to determine the role of methotrexate when used in conjunction with infliximab or other biological therapies.
Impact of diagnostic strategies for tuberculosis using lateral flow urine lipoarabinomannan assay in people living with HIV; Abstract - Background Tuberculosis is the primary cause of hospital admission in people living with HIV, and the likelihood of death in the hospital is unacceptably high. The Alere Determine TB LAM Ag test (AlereLAM) is a point‐of‐care test and the only lateral flow lipoarabinomannan assay (LF‐LAM) assay currently commercially available and recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO). A 2019 Cochrane Review summarised the diagnostic accuracy of LF‐LAM for tuberculosis in people living with HIV. This systematic review assesses the impact of the use of LF‐LAM (AlereLAM) on mortality and other patient‐important outcomes. Objectives To assess the impact of the use of LF‐LAM (AlereLAM) on mortality in adults living with HIV in inpatient and outpatient settings. To assess the impact of the use of LF‐LAM (AlereLAM) on other patient‐important outcomes in adults living with HIV, including time to diagnosis of tuberculosis, and time to initiation of tuberculosis treatment. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); MEDLINE (PubMed); Embase (Ovid); Science Citation Index Expanded (Web of Science), BIOSIS Previews, Scopus, LILACS; ProQuest Dissertations and Theses; ClinicalTrials.gov; and the WHO ICTRP up to 12 March 2021. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials that compared a diagnostic intervention including LF‐LAM with diagnostic strategies that used smear microscopy, mycobacterial culture, a nucleic acid amplification test such as Xpert MTB/RIF, or a combination of these tests. We included adults (≥ 15 years) living with HIV. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for eligibility, extracted data, and analysed risk of bias using the Cochrane tool for assessing risk of bias in randomized studies. We contacted study authors for clarification as needed. We used risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We used a fixed‐effect model except in the presence of clinical or statistical heterogeneity, in which case we used a random‐effects model. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included three trials, two in inpatient settings and one in outpatient settings. All trials were conducted in sub‐Saharan Africa and assessed the impact of diagnostic strategies that included LF‐LAM on mortality when the test was used in conjunction with other tuberculosis diagnostic tests or clinical assessment for clinical decision‐making in adults living with HIV. Inpatient settings  In inpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy likely reduces mortality in people living with HIV at eight weeks compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (pooled RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.76 to 0.94; 5102 participants, 2 trials; moderate‐certainty evidence). That is, people living with HIV who received LF‐LAM had 15% lower risk of mortality. The absolute effect was 34 fewer deaths per 1000 (from 14 fewer to 55 fewer). In inpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy probably results in a slight increase in the proportion of people living with HIV who were started on tuberculosis treatment compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (pooled RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.69; 5102 participants, 2 trials; moderate‐certainty evidence).  Outpatient settings In outpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy may reduce mortality in people living with HIV at six months compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.11; 2972 participants, 1 trial; low‐certainty evidence). Although this trial did not detect a difference in mortality, the direction of effect was towards a mortality reduction, and the effect size was similar to that in inpatient settings.  In outpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy may result in a large increase in the proportion of people living with HIV who were started on tuberculosis treatment compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (RR 5.44, 95% CI 4.70 to 6.29, 3022 participants, 1 trial; low‐certainty evidence). Other patient‐important outcomes Assessment of other patient‐important and implementation outcomes in the trials varied. The included trials demonstrated that a higher proportion of people living with HIV were able to produce urine compared to sputum for tuberculosis diagnostic testing; a higher proportion of people living with HIV were diagnosed with tuberculosis in the group that received LF‐LAM; and the incremental diagnostic yield was higher for LF‐LAM than for urine or sputum Xpert MTB/RIF. Authors' conclusions In inpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic testing strategy likely reduces mortality and probably results in a slight increase in tuberculosis treatment initiation in people living with HIV. The reduction in mortality may be due to earlier diagnosis, which facilitates prompt treatment initiation. In outpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy may reduce mortality and may result in a large increase in tuberculosis treatment initiation in people living with HIV. Our results support the implementation of LF‐LAM to be used in conjunction with other WHO‐recommended tuberculosis diagnostic tests to assist in the rapid diagnosis of tuberculosis in people living with HIV. Plain language summary Impact of diagnostic strategies for tuberculosis using lateral flow urine lipoarabinomannan test in people living with HIV What was the aim of this review? Tuberculosis is the leading cause of death in people living with HIV. The disease is particularly difficult to diagnose in people living with HIV, in part because it is often challenging to produce sputum for diagnosis. The lateral flow urine lipoarabinomannan test (LF‐LAM) is a World Health Organization (WHO)‐recommended rapid test to assist in the detection of active tuberculosis in people living with HIV. This review is limited to studies that used the Alere Determine TB LAM Ag test (AlereLAM), which is the only LF‐LAM test currently recommended by the WHO; thus LF‐LAM refers only to AlereLAM in this review. Rapid and early tuberculosis diagnosis may allow for prompt treatment and prevent severe illness and death. The aim of this review was to determine whether the use of LF‐LAM testing had an effect on death and other patient‐important outcomes in people living with HIV. Key messages In inpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic testing strategy likely reduces deaths and probably results in a slight increase in tuberculosis treatment initiation in people living with HIV.  In outpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy may reduce deaths and may result in a large increase in tuberculosis treatment initiation in people living with HIV. What was studied in the review ? We searched for trials in adults (15 years and older) that evaluated the effect of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy that included the LF‐LAM test compared to standard care using other WHO‐recommended diagnostic tests in adults living with HIV. What were the main results of the review? We identified three trials, two in inpatient settings and one in outpatient settings. Inpatient settings In inpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy likely reduces mortality in people living with HIV at eight weeks compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (2 trials, 5102 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). In inpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy probably results in a slight increase in the proportion of people living with HIV who were started on tuberculosis treatment compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (2 trials, 5102 participants moderate‐certainty evidence). Outpatient settings In outpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy may reduce mortality in people living with HIV at six months compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (1 trial, 2972 participants, low‐certainty evidence). In outpatient settings, the use of LF‐LAM testing as part of a tuberculosis diagnostic strategy may result in a large increase in the proportion of people living with HIV who were started on tuberculosis treatment compared to routine tuberculosis diagnostic testing without LF‐LAM (1 trial, 3022 participants, low‐certainty evidence). Other patient‐important outcomes The included studies assessed other patient‐important outcomes in different ways. The studies demonstrated that more people living with HIV were able to produce urine compared to sputum for tuberculosis diagnostic testing, and more people living with HIV were diagnosed with tuberculosis in the group that received LF‐LAM. How up‐to‐date is the review? We searched for relevant trials up to 12 March 2021.
Acetaminophen (paracetamol) for the common cold in adults; Abstract - Background Acetaminophen is frequently prescribed for treating patients with the common cold, but there is little evidence as to whether it is effective. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of acetaminophen in the treatment of the common cold in adults. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 1, Ovid MEDLINE (1950 to January week 5, 2013), EMBASE (1980 to February 2013), CINAHL (1982 to February 2013) and LILACS (1985 to February 2013). Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing acetaminophen to placebo or no treatment in adults with the common cold. Studies were included if the trials used acetaminophen as one ingredient of a combination therapy. We excluded studies in which the participants had complications. Primary outcomes included subjective symptom score and duration of common cold symptoms. Secondary outcomes were overall well being, adverse events and financial costs. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for inclusion, assessed risk of bias and extracted data. We performed standard statistical analyses. Main results We included four RCTs involving 758 participants. We did not pool data because of heterogeneity in study designs, outcomes and time points. The studies provided sparse information about effects longer than a few hours, as three of four included studies were short trials of only four to six hours. Participants treated with acetaminophen had significant improvements in nasal obstruction in two of the four studies. One study showed that acetaminophen was superior to placebo in decreasing rhinorrhoea severity, but was not superior for treating sneezing and coughing. Acetaminophen did not improve sore throat or malaise in two of the four studies. Results were inconsistent for some symptoms. Two studies showed that headache and achiness improved more in the acetaminophen group than in the placebo group, while one study showed no difference between the acetaminophen and placebo group. None of the included studies reported the duration of common cold symptoms. Minor side effects (including gastrointestinal adverse events, dizziness, dry mouth, somnolence and increased sweating) in the acetaminophen group were reported in two of the four studies. One of them used a combination of pseudoephedrine and acetaminophen. Authors' conclusions Acetaminophen may help relieve nasal obstruction and rhinorrhoea but does not appear to improve some other cold symptoms (including sore throat, malaise, sneezing and cough). However, two of the four included studies in this review were small and allocation concealment was unclear in all four studies. The data in this review do not provide sufficient evidence to inform practice regarding the use of acetaminophen for the common cold in adults. Further large‐scale, well‐designed trials are needed to determine whether this intervention is beneficial in the treatment of adults with the common cold. Plain language summary Acetaminophen (also called paracetamol) for the common cold in adults The common cold is the most frequent viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. Adults in the US experience two to four colds per year. The symptoms of the common cold usually include nasal obstruction, headache, sore throat, sneezing, cough, malaise and nasal discharge. There is no effective therapy for the common cold and most medications are symptomatic. Acetaminophen (also called paracetamol) is widely used as the major ingredient in combination medications for the common cold. However, there is little information about the effectiveness and safety of this treatment. We reviewed studies to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of acetaminophen in the treatment of the common cold in adults. The evidence is current to February 2013. We identified four trials that included 758 participants. We excluded studies in which the participants had complications. Two of the four included studies in this review were small and the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. We do not know if acetaminophen is effective for reducing common cold symptoms or its adverse effects. We cannot either 'recommend' or 'not recommend' its use in common practice because we do not have enough well‐designed trials to reach a conclusion. There is a need for more high‐quality studies to determine the effectiveness of acetaminophen in relieving common cold symptoms.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of Kawasaki disease; Abstract - Background Kawasaki disease (KD) is an acute systemic vasculitis (inflammation of the blood vessels) that mainly affects children. Symptoms include fever, chapped lips, strawberry tongue, red eyes (bulbar conjunctival injection), rash, redness, swollen hands and feet or skin peeling; and enlarged cervical lymph nodes. High fevers and systemic inflammation characterise the acute phase. Inflammation of the coronary arteries causes the most serious complication of the disease, coronary artery abnormalities (CAAs). The primary treatment is intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and acetylsalicylic acid (ASA/aspirin), with doses and regimens differing between institutions. It is important to know which regimens are the safest and most effective in preventing complications. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of IVIG in treating and preventing cardiac consequences of Kawasaki disease. Search methods The Cochrane Vascular Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Vascular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and CINAHL databases, and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform and ClinicalTrials.gov trials registers to 26 April 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the use of IVIG for the treatment of KD. We included studies involving treatment for initial or refractory KD, or both. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were incidence of CAAs and incidence of any adverse effects after treatment. Our secondary outcomes were acute coronary syndromes, duration of fever, need for additional treatment, length of hospital stay, and mortality. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results We identified 31 RCTs involving a total of 4609 participants with KD. Studies compared IVIG with ASA, another dose or regimen of IVIG, prednisolone, or infliximab. The majority of studies reported on primary treatment, so those results are reported below. A limited number of studies investigated secondary or tertiary treatment in IVIG‐resistant patients. Doses and regimens of IVIG infusion varied between studies, and all studies had some concerns related to risk of bias. Primary treatment with IVIG compared to ASA for people with KD Compared to ASA treatment, IVIG probably reduces the incidence of CAAs in people with KD up to 30 days (odds ratio (OR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.41 to 0.87; 11 studies, 1437 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The individual studies reported a range of adverse effects, but there was little to no difference in numbers of adverse effects between treatment groups (OR 0.57, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.89; 10 studies, 1376 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). There was limited evidence for the incidence of acute coronary syndromes, so we are uncertain of any effects. Duration of fever days from treatment onset was probably shorter in the IVIG group (mean difference (MD) −4.00 days, 95% CI −5.06 to −2.93; 3 studies, 307 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There was little or no difference between groups in need for additional treatment (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.05 to 1.57; 3 studies, 272 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No study reported length of hospital stay, and no deaths were reported in either group. Primary treatment with IVIG compared to different infusion regimens of IVIG for people with KD Higher‐dose regimens of IVIG probably reduce the incidence of CAAs compared to medium‐ or lower‐dose regimens of IVIG up to 30 days (OR 0.60, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.89; 8 studies, 1824 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There was little to no difference in the number of adverse effects between groups (OR 1.11, 95% CI 0.52 to 2.37; 6 studies, 1659 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No study reported on acute coronary syndromes. Higher‐dose IVIG may reduce the duration of fever compared to medium‐ or lower‐dose regimens (MD −0.71 days, 95% CI −1.36 to −0.06; 4 studies, 992 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Higher‐dose regimens may reduce the need for additional treatment (OR 0.29, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.88; 4 studies, 1125 participants; low‐certainty evidence). We did not detect a clear difference in length of hospital stay between infusion regimens (MD −0.24, 95% CI −0.78 to 0.30; 3 studies, 752 participants; low‐certainty evidence). One study reported mortality, and there was little to no difference detected between regimens (moderate‐certainty evidence). Primary treatment with IVIG compared to prednisolone for people with KD The evidence comparing IVIG with prednisolone on incidence of CAA is very uncertain (OR 0.60, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.48; 2 studies, 140 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), and there was little to no difference between groups in adverse effects (OR 4.18, 95% CI 0.19 to 89.48; 1 study; 90 participants; low‐certainty evidence). We are very uncertain of the impact on duration of fever, as two studies reported this outcome differently and showed conflicting results. One study reported on acute coronary syndromes and mortality, finding little or no difference between groups (low‐certainty evidence). No study reported the need for additional treatment or length of hospital stay. Authors' conclusions The included RCTs investigated a variety of comparisons, and the small number of events observed during the study periods limited detection of effects. The certainty of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low due to concerns related to risk of bias, imprecision, and inconsistency. The available evidence indicated that high‐dose IVIG regimens are probably associated with a reduced risk of CAA formation compared to ASA or medium‐ or low‐dose IVIG regimens. There were no clinically significant differences in incidence of adverse effects, which suggests there is little concern about the safety of IVIG. Compared to ASA, high‐dose IVIG probably reduced the duration of fever, but there was little or no difference detected in the need for additional treatment. Compared to medium‐ or low‐dose IVIG, there may be reduced duration of fever and reduced need for additional treatment. We were unable to draw any conclusions regarding acute coronary syndromes, mortality, or length of hospital stay, or for the comparison IVIG versus prednisolone. Our findings are in keeping with current guideline recommendations and evidence from long‐term epidemiology studies. Plain language summary Immunoglobulin treatment for Kawasaki disease Key message In children with Kawasaki disease, high‐dose intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) regimens: • probably reduce the risk of coronary artery abnormalities formation compared to aspirin or medium‐ or low‐dose IVIG regimens; • show no clear safety concerns; • probably reduce the duration of fever, but there was little or no difference detected in the need for additional treatment compared to aspirin; • may reduce the duration of fever and need for additional treatment compared to medium‐ or low‐dose IVIG. Why is this question important? Kawasaki disease is a condition that causes blood vessels to become swollen and inflamed. Symptoms include high temperature (fever) along with chapped lips, strawberry tongue (swollen, bumpy red tongue), red eyes, a rash, redness and swelling of hands and feet or skin peeling; and swollen glands in the neck. It is most often seen in young children. Swelling and inflammation of the vessels which supply blood to the heart (coronary arteries) is the most serious complication of the disease, causing coronary artery abnormalities. These abnormalities can result in acquired heart disease and sometimes death. Fast diagnosis and treatment can prevent these complications. Intravenous immunoglobulin and aspirin are the main medicines used to treat Kawasaki disease. Different combinations, doses, or timings (regimens) of these medicines are used to treat patients. It is important to know which treatments and regimens are the safest and most effective in preventing heart complications. What did we do? We searched for randomised controlled trials (a type of study where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared treatment of Kawasaki disease with IVIG to treatment with another medicine or regimen. We found 31 studies with a total of 4609 participants. The studies compared IVIG with aspirin, another regimen of IVIG, infliximab, or prednisolone. All studies reported on coronary artery abnormalities, but they did not all report on our other outcomes of interest: adverse effects, acute coronary syndromes (such as a heart attack), duration of fever, need for additional treatment, length of hospital stay, and mortality. Where appropriate, we combined data from the included studies. What did we find? We looked at studies that compared IVIG with aspirin. Our results showed that children who received IVIG probably developed fewer coronary artery abnormalities than children treated with aspirin alone. Reporting of adverse effects varied between studies, but there was little or no difference in the number of adverse effects between groups. Acute coronary syndromes were poorly reported, so we cannot say if IVIG affected this. IVIG treatment probably reduced the duration of fever compared to aspirin alone. There was little or no difference in the need for additional treatment between IVIG and aspirin groups, and no study reported on the length of hospital stay. No deaths were reported in either group. We looked at studies that compared high‐dose IVIG regimens with medium‐ or low‐dose regimens. Our results showed that children who received high‐dose regimens probably developed fewer abnormalities. There was no apparent difference in the number of adverse effects between the high and medium‐ or low‐dose groups. Acute coronary syndromes were poorly reported, with little or no difference seen between groups. Higher‐dose regimens may reduce the duration of fever and need for additional treatment compared to medium‐ and lower‐dose regimens. We did not find a clear difference between regimens in length of hospital stay. One death was reported in one study, so we cannot say for sure if one regimen was better than another for this outcome. We also looked at studies that compared IVIG with prednisolone. The evidence was very uncertain for number of coronary artery abnormalities and duration of fever, and there was little or no difference between groups in adverse effects, acute coronary syndromes, and deaths. Results for all outcomes were limited by the small number of children with Kawasaki disease involved. No study reported on need for additional treatment or length of hospital stay. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence provided from the included studies differed between outcomes and ranged from very low to moderate, due to concerns about how some of the studies were carried out, differences in the regimens used, and there were often only small numbers of events and participants providing data. Our findings are in keeping with current guideline recommendations and evidence from long‐term studies involving large numbers of people. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The evidence is current to April 2022.
Educational interventions for improving primary caregiver complementary feeding practices for children aged 24 months and under; Abstract - Background Although complementary feeding is a universal practice, the methods and manner in which it is practiced vary between cultures, individuals and socioeconomic classes. The period of complementary feeding is a critical time of transition in the life of an infant, and inappropriate complementary feeding practices, with their associated adverse health consequences, remain a significant global public health problem. Educational interventions are widely acknowledged as effective in promoting public health strategy, and those aimed at improving complementary feeding practices provide information about proper complementary feeding practices to caregivers of infants/children. It is therefore important to summarise evidence on the effectiveness of educational interventions to improve the complementary feeding practices of caregivers of infants. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of educational interventions for improving the complementary feeding (weaning) practices of primary caregivers of children of complementary feeding age, and related health and growth outcomes in infants. Search methods In November 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 10 other databases and two trials registers. We also searched the reference lists of relevant studies and reviews to identify any additional studies. We did not limit the searches by date, language or publication status. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), comparing educational interventions to no intervention, usual practice, or educational interventions provided in conjunction with another intervention, so long as the educational intervention was only available in the experimental group and the adjunctive intervention was available to the control group. Study participants included caregivers of infants aged 4 to 24 months undergoing complementary feeding. Pregnant women who were expected to give birth and commence complementary feeding during the period of the study were also included. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data on participants, settings, interventions, methodology and outcomes using a specifically‐developed and piloted data extraction form. We calculated risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for dichotomous data, and mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs for continuous data. Where data permitted, we conducted a meta‐analysis using a random‐effects model. We assessed the included studies for risk of bias and also assessed the quality of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 23 studies (from 35 reports) with a total of 11,170 caregiver‐infant pairs who were randomly assigned to receive an educational intervention delivered to the caregiver or usual care. Nineteen of the included studies were community‐based studies while four were facility‐based studies. In addition, 13 of the included studies were cluster‐randomised while the others were individually randomised. Generally, the interventions were focused on the introduction of complementary feeding at the appropriate time, the types and amount of complementary foods to be fed to infants, and hygiene. Using the GRADE criteria, we assessed the quality of the evidence as moderate, mostly due to inadequate allocation concealment and insufficient blinding. Educational interventions led to improvements in complementary feeding practices for age at introduction of complementary foods (average RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.94; 4 studies, 1738 children; moderate‐quality evidence) and hygiene practices (average RR 1.38, 95% CI 1.23 to 1.55; 4 studies, 2029 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). For duration of exclusive breastfeeding, pooled results were compatible with both a reduction and an increase in the outcome (average RR 1.58, 95% CI 0.77 to 3.22; 3 studies, 1544 children; very low‐quality evidence). There was limited (low to very low‐quality) evidence of an effect for all growth outcomes. Quality of evidence There is moderate to very low‐quality evidence that educational interventions can improve complementary feeding practices but insufficient evidence to conclude that it impacts growth outcomes. Authors' conclusions Overall, we found evidence that education improves complementary feeding practices. Plain language summary Educational interventions for improving complementary feeding practices Background Complementary feeding is the period when an infant moves from taking only breast milk or breast‐milk substitutes (such as infant formula) to family food. It is a critical period in the life of an infant. Inappropriate complementary feeding practices, with their associated adverse health consequences, remain a significant global public health problem. This is because inappropriate complementary feeding practices, such as introduction of semi‐solid foods too early (before six months of age), poor hygiene or giving foods that do not contain adequate nutrients, are all major causes of illness. Such illnesses include malnutrition, diarrhoea, poor growth, infections and poor mental development of children. Education has been proposed as an effective means of improving complementary feeding practices. Review question Does education improve complementary feeding practices of caregivers of infants as well as the health and growth of the infants? Study characteristics We searched for randomised controlled trials (a type of experiment in which people are randomly allocated to one or more treatment groups) up until November 2017. The search identified 23 studies involving a total of 11,170 caregivers and their children. The ages of the children ranged from birth to 24 months. The caregivers received educational interventions alone while the control group received no intervention, usual care or any other non‐educational intervention. The educational methods included printed materials such as leaflets, counselling, teaching sessions, peer support, videos and practical demonstrations. Generally, the education messages were focused on the introduction of semi‐solid foods at the appropriate age, the types and amount of complementary foods to be fed to infants, and hygiene. Key results Education reduced the number of caregivers that introduced semi‐solid foods to their infants before six months of age by up to 12% (moderate‐quality evidence). Hygiene practices of caregivers who received education also showed some improvement compared to those that did not (moderate‐quality evidence). In studies conducted in the community, education increased the duration of exclusive breastfeeding, but not in studies conducted in health facilities. There was no convincing evidence of an effect of education on the growth of children (low to very low‐quality evidence). We could not combine the results from different studies for diarrhoea, knowledge of caregivers and adequacy of complementary food. However, from the individual reports of the study authors, education led to a reduction in diarrhoea and an improvement in the knowledge of caregivers. It also led to improvement in the quality and quantity of complementary foods fed to infants. Overall, we found evidence that education improves complementary feeding practices.
Short‐course versus prolonged‐course antibiotic therapy for hospital‐acquired pneumonia in critically ill adults; Abstract - Background Pneumonia is the most common hospital‐acquired infection affecting patients in the intensive care unit (ICU). However, current national guidelines for the treatment of hospital‐acquired pneumonia (HAP) are several years old and the diagnosis of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients (VAP) has been subject to considerable recent attention. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for HAP in the critically ill is uncertain. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of short versus prolonged‐course antibiotics for HAP in critically ill adults, including patients with VAP. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 5), MEDLINE (1946 to June 2015), MEDLINE in‐process and other non‐indexed citations (5 June 2015), EMBASE (2010 to June 2015), LILACS (1982 to June 2015) and Web of Science (1955 to June 2015). Selection criteria We considered all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing a fixed 'short' duration of antibiotic therapy with a 'prolonged' course for HAP (including patients with VAP) in critically ill adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors conducted data extraction and assessment of risk of bias. We contacted trial authors for additional information. Main results We identified six relevant studies involving 1088 participants. This included two new studies published after the date of our previous review (2011). There was substantial variation in participants, in the diagnostic criteria used to define an episode of pneumonia, in the interventions and in the reported outcomes. We found no evidence relating to patients with a high probability of HAP who were not mechanically ventilated. For patients with VAP, overall a short seven‐ or eight‐day course of antibiotics compared with a prolonged 10‐ to 15‐day course increased 28‐day antibiotic‐free days (two studies; N = 431; mean difference (MD) 4.02 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.26 to 5.78) and reduced recurrence of VAP due to multi‐resistant organisms (one study; N = 110; odds ratio (OR) 0.44; 95% CI 0.21 to 0.95), without adversely affecting mortality and other recurrence outcomes. However, for cases of VAP specifically due to non‐fermenting Gram‐negative bacilli (NF‐GNB), recurrence was greater after short‐course therapy (two studies, N = 176; OR 2.18; 95% CI 1.14 to 4.16), though mortality outcomes were not significantly different. One study found that a three‐day course of antibiotic therapy for patients with suspected HAP but a low Clinical Pulmonary Infection Score (CPIS) was associated with a significantly lower risk of superinfection or emergence of antimicrobial resistance, compared with standard (prolonged) course therapy. Authors' conclusions On the basis of a small number of studies and appreciating the lack of uniform definition of pneumonia, we conclude that for patients with VAP not due to NF‐GNB a short, fixed course (seven or eight days) of antibiotic therapy appears not to increase the risk of adverse clinical outcomes, and may reduce the emergence of resistant organisms, compared with a prolonged course (10 to 15 days). However, for patients with VAP due to NF‐GNB, there appears to be a higher risk of recurrence following short‐course therapy. These findings do not differ from those of our previous review and are broadly consistent with current guidelines. There are few data from RCTs comparing durations of therapy in non‐ventilated patients with HAP, but on the basis of a single study, short‐course (three‐day) therapy for HAP appears not to be associated with worse clinical outcome, and may reduce the risk of subsequent infection or the emergence of resistant organisms when there is low probability of pneumonia according to the CPIS. Plain language summary Short‐course versus long‐course antibiotic treatment for hospital‐acquired pneumonia in adult intensive care patients Review question   We reviewed the evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of a short course of antibiotics with a long course for intensive care patients with hospital‐acquired pneumonia (HAP). Background   Hospital‐acquired pneumonia is the major cause of hospital‐acquired infection in the intensive care unit (ICU). There are a number of factors that make the critically ill more likely to develop pneumonia, among which the most important is tracheal intubation performed in conjunction with mechanical ventilation; thus, the majority of ICU patients with HAP have what is termed ventilator‐associated pneumonia (VAP). There is concern that an unnecessarily long course of antibiotic therapy may lead to patients acquiring antibiotic‐resistant organisms, which may be more difficult to recognise and treat when they cause infection and may increase drug costs. On the other hand, too short a course risks the treatment failing. Study characteristics   The evidence was current as of June 2015. We identified six RCTs, which had enrolled 1088 patients. The studies took quite different approaches to their investigations, and we found only one study that had explored the duration of antibiotic therapy for ICU patients who had HAP, but were not mechanically ventilated. Key results   For patients with VAP, our main finding was that a course of seven or eight days of antibiotics was associated with an overall decrease in antibiotic administration and reduced the recurrence of pneumonia due to resistant organisms when compared with a 10‐ to 15‐day course. Furthermore, this was achieved without any significant effect on mortality. Nevertheless, in cases when VAP was due to a particular type of organism ('non‐fermenting Gram‐negative bacillus'), which can be difficult to eradicate with antibiotics, the risk of pneumonia recurring appeared higher after a short course of treatment. One study found that for patients with possible (but low probability) HAP a short (three‐day) course of therapy seemed to be associated with a lower chance of acquiring resistant organisms or of subsequent infections being due to a resistant organism. Quality of evidence   The quality of evidence for the main outcome measures was low to moderate. The main reasons that the quality was not high were that only a small number of studies were identified, and that there were differences in patient populations, in the nature of the interventions between studies and in the reported outcomes.
Corticosteroids for the treatment of Kawasaki disease in children; Abstract - Background Kawasaki disease (KD), or mucocutaneous syndrome, is the leading cause of childhood‐acquired heart disease in high‐income countries. There is much controversy on how best to treat children with KD and in particular who may benefit from additional treatment beyond the standard intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and aspirin, such as the addition of corticosteroids. This is an update of the review first published in 2017. Objectives To assess the impact of corticosteroid use on the incidence of coronary artery abnormalities in KD as either first‐line or second‐line treatment. Search methods The Cochrane Vascular Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Vascular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL and two trials registers to 8 February 2021. We searched the reference lists of relevant articles for additional studies. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials involving children with all severities of KD who were treated with corticosteroids, including different types of corticosteroids, different durations of treatment, and where corticosteroids were used alone or in conjunction with other accepted KD treatments. We included trials using corticosteroids for both first‐ and second‐line treatment. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed study quality and extracted data using standard Cochrane methods. We performed fixed‐effect model meta‐analyses with odds ratios (ORs) or mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We used a random‐effects model when there was heterogeneity. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. The outcomes of interest were incidence of coronary artery abnormalities, serious adverse events, mortality, duration of acute symptoms (such as fever), time for laboratory parameters to normalise, length of hospital stay and longer‐term coronary morbidity. Main results This update identified one new study, therefore the analysis included eight trials consisting of 1877 participants. Seven trials investigated the use of corticosteroids in first‐line treatment and one investigated second‐line treatment. The trials were all of good methodological quality. On pooled analysis, corticosteroid treatment reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.75; 8 studies, 986 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), without resultant serious adverse events (0 events; 6 studies, 737 participants; moderate‐certainty) and mortality (0 events; 8 studies, 1075 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). In addition, corticosteroids reduced the duration of fever (MD −1.34 days, 95% CI −2.24 to ‐0.45; 3 studies, 290 participants; low‐certainty evidence), time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C‐reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise (MD −2.80 days, 95% CI −4.38 to −1.22; 1 study, 178 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), and length of hospital stay (MD −1.01 days, 95% CI −1.72 to −0.30; 2 studies, 119 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). None of the included studies reported long‐term (greater than one year after disease onset) coronary morbidity. Authors' conclusions Moderate‐certainty evidence shows that use of steroids in the acute phase of KD can be associated with reduced coronary artery abnormalities, reduced inflammatory markers and shorter duration of hospital stay when compared to no corticosteroids. There were no serious adverse events or deaths reported with or without corticosteroid use. Low‐certainty evidence shows use of corticosteroids can reduce duration of clinical symptoms (fever and rash). None of the included studies reported on long‐term (greater than one year after disease onset) coronary morbidity. Evidence presented in this systematic review agrees with current clinical guidelines on the use of corticosteroids in the first‐line treatment in KD. Plain language summary Using corticosteroids to treat Kawasaki disease Key message Corticosteroids appear to reduce the risk of heart problems after Kawasaki disease without causing any important side effects. They also reduce the length of symptoms (fever and rash), length of hospital stay, and blood markers associated with being unwell. What is Kawasaki disease and how is it treated? Kawasaki disease is an inflammation of the blood vessels. Standard medicines to treat Kawasaki disease are intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and aspirin. This treatment is usually effective, but it does not work for all children. We currently have a limited understanding of Kawasaki disease and how best to manage it. This is important as one of the long‐term consequences can involve the heart, putting the children with the disease at higher risk of life‐shortening outcomes. What did we do? We searched for randomised controlled studies that treated children with Kawasaki disease using medicines known as corticosteroids, to see if they reduced the chance of future heart problems. We also investigated the effect on the duration of fever, signs of infection in the blood, and the number of days spent in hospital. In randomised controlled studies, the treatments or tests people receive are decided at random and these usually give the most reliable evidence about treatment effects. What did we find? We found eight studies involving 1877 participants, which compared the use of corticosteroids with no corticosteroids in children with Kawasaki disease. Combining the results from these studies showed that heart problems were reduced after corticosteroid treatment. There were no serious side effects or deaths reported in the corticosteroid treatment groups or the no corticosteroid treatment groups. Blood markers that indicate illness were reduced and children had shorter stays in hospital when treated with corticosteroids. Symptoms of Kawasaki disease (fever and rash) lasted for a shorter time after corticosteroid treatment. None of the studies reported on long‐term (more than one year after disease onset) heart problems (coronary morbidity), which can be associated with Kawasaki disease. How certain are we in the evidence? Evidence was of moderate certainty for serious side effects and deaths, the risk of future heart problems, blood markers and length of hospital stay. This means that we are moderately confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this review. Evidence was considered low certainty for the duration of clinical symptoms (fever and rash). This means our confidence in the effect estimate is limited and this was because of how these symptoms were measured and reported. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This Cochrane Review updates our previous evidence. The evidence is current to February 2021.
Folic acid with or without vitamin B12 for the prevention and treatment of healthy elderly and demented people; Abstract - Background Folate deficiency can result in congenital neural tube defects and megaloblastic anaemia. Low folate levels may be due to insufficient dietary intake or inefficient absorption, but impaired metabolic utilization also occurs. Because B12 deficiency can produce a similar anaemia to folate deficiency, there is a risk that folate supplementation can delay the diagnosis of B12 deficiency, which can cause irreversible neurological damage.  Folic acid supplements may sometimes therefore include vitamin B12 supplements with simultaneous administration of vitamin B12. Lesser degrees of folate inadequacy are associated with high blood levels of the amino acid homocysteine which has been linked with the risk of arterial disease, dementia and Alzheimer's disease. There is therefore interest in whether dietary supplementation can improve cognitive function in the elderly. However, any apparent benefit from folic acid which was given in combination with B12 needs to be "corrected" for any effect of vitamin B12 alone. A separate Cochrane review of vitamin B12 and cognitive function has therefore been published. Objectives To examine the effects of folic acid supplementation, with or without vitamin B12, on elderly healthy or demented people, in preventing cognitive impairment or retarding its progress. Search methods Trials were identified from a search of the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group's Specialized Register on 10 October 2007 using the terms: folic acid, folate, vitamin B9, leucovorin, methyltetrahydrofolate, vitamin B12, cobalamin and cyanocobalamin. This Register contains references from all major health care databases and many ongoing trials databases. In addition MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsychINFO and LILACS were searched (years 2003‐2007) for additional trials of folate with or without vitamin B12 on healthy elderly people. Selection criteria All double‐blind, placebo‐controlled, randomized trials, in which supplements of folic acid with or without vitamin B12 were compared with placebo for elderly healthy people or people with any type of dementia or cognitive impairment. Data collection and analysis The reviewers independently applied the selection criteria and assessed study quality. One reviewer extracted and analysed the data. In comparing intervention with placebo, weighted mean differences and standardized mean difference or odds ratios were estimated. Main results Eight randomized controlled trials fulfilled the inclusion criteria for this review. Four trials enrolled healthy older people, and four recruited participants with mild to moderate cognitive impairment or dementia with or without diagnosed folate deficiency. Pooling the data was not possible owing to heterogeneity in sample selections, outcomes, trial duration, and dosage. Two studies involved a combination of folic acid and vitamin B12. There is no adequate evidence of benefit from folic acid supplemententation with or without vitamin B12 on cognitive function and mood of unselected healthy elderly people. However, in one trial enrolling a selected group of healthy elderly people with high homocysteine levels, 800 mcg/day folic acid supplementation over three years was associated with significant benefit in terms of global functioning (WMD 0.05, 95% CI 0.004 to 0.096, P = 0.033); memory storage (WMD 0.14, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.24, P = 0.006) and information‐processing speed (WMD 0.09, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.16, P = 0.016). Four trials involved people with cognitive impairment. In one pilot trial enrolling people with Alzheimer's disease, the overall response to cholinesterase inhibitors significantly improved with folic acid at a dose of 1mg/day (odds ratio: 4.06, 95% CI 1.22 to 13.53; P = 0.02) and there was a significant improvement in scores on the Instrumental Activities of Daily Living and the Social Behaviour subscale of the Nurse's Observation Scale for Geriatric Patients (WMD 4.01, 95% CI 0.50 to 7.52, P = 0.02). Other trials involving people with cognitive impairment did not show any benefit in measures of cognitive function from folic acid, with or without vitamin B12. Folic acid plus vitamin B12 was effective in reducing serum homocysteine concentrations (WMD ‐5.90, 95% CI ‐8.43 to ‐3.37, P < 0.00001). Folic acid was well tolerated and no adverse effects were reported. Authors' conclusions The small number of studies which have been done provide no consistent evidence either way that folic acid, with or without vitamin B12, has a beneficial effect on cognitive function of unselected healthy or cognitively impaired older people. In a preliminary study, folic acid was associated with improvement in the response of people with Alzheimer's disease to cholinesterase inhibitors. In another, long‐term use appeared to improve the cognitive function of healthy older people with high homocysteine levels.  More studies are needed on this important issue. Plain language summary No evidence that folic acid with or without vitamin B12 improves cognitive function of unselected elderly people with or without dementia. Long‐term supplementation may benefit cognitive function of healthy older people with high homocysteine levels In the economically developed world, folate deficiency is one of the commonest vitamin deficiencies. Several reports suggest a higher prevalence of various psychiatric disorders in elderly people with folate deficiency. There is interest in whether dietary supplements of folic acid (an artificial chemical analogue of naturally occurring folates) can improve cognitive function of people at risk of cognitive decline associated with ageing or dementia, whether by affecting homocysteine metabolism or through other mechanisms. Eight trials met the criteria for inclusion. It was not possible to pool the data because the trials studied different populations, tested folic acid in different doses, and used different outcome measures. There were two trials of folic acid in conjunction with B12. The analysis showed significant benefit of folic acid over placebo in some measures of cognition in a long‐term trial recruiting elderly people with high homocysteine levels from a general population. In one pilot trial, 1 mg/day of folic acid was associated with significant improvement in behavioural response to cholinesterase inhibitors in people with Alzheimer's disease.
Antiretroviral interventions for preventing breast milk transmission of HIV; Abstract - Background An estimated 260,000 children under the age of 15 years acquired HIV infection in 2012. As much as 42% of mother‐to‐child transmission is related to breastfeeding. Antiretroviral prophylaxis for mothers or infants has the potential to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV through breast milk. Objectives To determine which antiretroviral prophylactic regimens are efficacious and safe for reducing mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV through breastfeeding and thereby avert child morbidity and mortality. Search methods Using Cochrane Collaboration search methods in conjunction with appropriate search terms, we identified relevant studies from January 1, 1994 to January 14, 2014 by searching databases including Cochrane CENTRAL, EMBASE and PubMed, LILACS, and Web of Science/Web of Social Science. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials in which HIV‐infected mothers breastfed their infants, and in which the mothers used antiretroviral prophylaxis while breastfeeding their children or their children received antiretroviral prophylaxis for at least four weeks while breastfeeding, were included. Data collection and analysis Abstracts of all trials identified were examined independently by two authors. We identified 15,922 references and examined 81 in detail. Data were abstracted independently using a standardized form. Main results Seven RCTs were included in the review. One trial compared triple antiretroviral prophylaxis during pregnancy and breastfeeding with short antiretroviral prophylaxis to given to the mother to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV. At 12 months, the risks of HIV transmission, and of HIV transmission or death, were lower, but there was no difference in infant mortality alone in the triple arm versus the short arm. Using the GRADE methodology, evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared six months of breastfeeding using zidovudine, lamivudine, and lopinavir/ritonavir versus zidovudine, lamivudine, and abacavir from 26‐34 weeks gestation. At six months, there was no difference in risk of infant HIV infection, infant death, or infant HIV infection or death between the two groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low to low. One trial of single dose nevirapine versus six weeks of infant zidovudine found the risk of HIV infection at 12 weeks to be greater in the zidovudine arm than in the single dose nevirapine arm. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low. One multi‐country trial compared single dose nevirapine and six weeks of infant nevirapine. After 12 months, infants in the extended nevirapine group had a lower risk of infant mortality compared with the control. There was no difference in the risk of HIV infection or death or in HIV transmission alone in the extended nevirapine group compared with the control. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared single dose nevirapine plus one week zidovudine; the control regimen plus nevirapine up to 14 weeks; or the control regimen with dual prophylaxis up to 14 weeks. At 24 months, the extended nevirapine regimen group had a lower risk of HIV transmission and of HIV transmission or death vs. the control. There was no difference in infant mortality alone. Compared with controls, the dual prophylaxis group had a lower risk of HIV transmission and of HIV transmission or death, but no difference in infant mortality alone. There was no difference in these outcomes between the two intervention arms. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally moderate to high. One trial compared six weeks of nevirapine with six months of nevirapine. Among infants of mothers not using highly active antiretroviral therapy, there was no difference in risk of HIV infection among the six month nevirapine group versus the six week nevirapine group. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared a maternal triple‐drug antiretroviral regimen, infant nevirapine, or neither intervention. Infants in the maternal prophylaxis arm were at lower risk for HIV, and HIV infection or death when compared with the control group. There was no difference in the risk of infant mortality alone. Infants with extended prophylaxis had a lower risk of HIV infection and of HIV infection or death versus the control group infants. There was no difference in the risk of infant mortality alone in the extended infant nevirapine group versus the control. There was no difference in HIV infection, infant mortality, and HIV infection or death between the maternal and extended infant prophylaxis groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. Authors' conclusions Antiretroviral prophylaxis, whether used by the HIV‐infected mother or the HIV‐exposed infant while breastfeeding, is efficacious in preventing mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV. Further research is needed regarding maternal resistance and response to subsequent antiretroviral therapy after maternal prophylaxis. An ongoing trial (IMPAACT 1077BF) compares the efficacy and safety of maternal triple antiretroviral prophylaxis versus daily infant nevirapine for prevention of mother‐to‐child transmission through breastfeeding. Plain language summary Using antiretroviral medication to prevent transmission of HIV from mother‐to‐child during breastfeeding Worldwide, the primary cause of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in children is mother‐to‐child transmission (MTCT). MTCT of HIV can occur during pregnancy, around the time of delivery, or through breastfeeding. Great strides have been made in reducing MTCT during pregnancy and around the time of delivery. However, without intervention, a significant proportion of children born to HIV–infected mothers acquire HIV through breastfeeding. Where affordable, feasible, acceptable, sustainable, and safe (AFASS) alternatives to breast milk are available, it is recommended that HIV‐infected mothers do not breastfeed. However, for a substantial number of HIV‐infected women in the developing world, complete avoidance of breastfeeding is not AFASS. These mothers are counseled to practice exclusive breastfeeding (giving a child only breast milk and no additional food, water, or other fluids). Provision of antiretrovirals (ARVs) either to the mother or to the child during breastfeeding represent potential interventions to reduce the risk of HIV transmission to breastfeeding children. This review explores the available evidence regarding the efficacy and safety of ARV prophylaxis regimens to reduce breast milk transmission of HIV.
Topical mydriatics as adjunctive therapy for traumatic iridocyclitis; Abstract - Background Traumatic eye complaints account for 3% of all hospital emergency department visits. The most common traumatic injury to the eye is blunt trauma, which accounts for 30% of these visits. Blunt trauma frequently leads to traumatic iridocyclitis, thus causing anterior uveitis. Iridocyclitis frequently causes tearing, photophobia, eye pain, and vision loss. These symptoms are a result of the inflammatory processes and ciliary spasms to iris muscles and sphincter. The inflammatory process is usually managed with topical corticosteroids, while the ciliary spasm is blunted by dilating the pupils with topical mydriatic agents, an adjuvant therapy. However, the effectiveness of mydriatic agents has not been quantified in terms of reduction of ocular pain and visual acuity loss. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of topical mydriatics as adjunctive therapy to topical corticosteroids for traumatic iridocyclitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register (2019, issue 6); Ovid MEDLINE; Embase.com; Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL) Plus; PubMed; ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic search for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 12 June 2019. Selection criteria We planned to include randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared topical mydriatic agents in conjunction with topical corticosteroid therapy versus topical corticosteroids alone, in participants with traumatic iridocyclitis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors (JH, MK) independently screened titles and abstracts, then full‐text reports, against eligibility criteria. We planned to have two authors independently extract data from included studies. We resolved differences in opinion by discussion. Main results There were no eligible RCTs that compared the interventions of interest in people with traumatic iridocyclitis. Authors' conclusions We did not find any evidence from RCTs about the efficacy of topical mydriatic agents as an adjunctive therapy with topical corticosteroids for treating traumatic iridocyclitis. In the absence of these types of studies, we cannot draw any firm conclusions. Controlled trials that compare the combined use of topical mydriatic agents and corticosteroid drops against standard corticosteroid drops alone, in people with traumatic iridocyclitis are required. These may provide evidence about the efficacy and risk of topical mydriatic drops as adjuvant therapy for traumatic iridocyclitis. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of eye drops that widen the pupil as an additional treatment for inflammation after a blow to the eye? Why this question is important  Hospital emergency departments often treat people with eye injuries. There are two main types of eye injuries: • blunt trauma injuries, when an object or force strikes the eye. Common causes of blunt trauma to the eye include motor vehicle accidents, sports‐ or work‐related accidents, or fights; • penetrating trauma injuries, when a sharp object or an object traveling at high speed (for example, from pellets fired by air‐powered guns) pierces the eye. Blunt trauma is the more common form of eye injury. People who have these injuries often develop traumatic iridocyclitis, an inflammation of the iris (the colored part of the eye that surrounds the black pupil) and the ciliary body (the muscles and tissue around the iris). Traumatic iridocyclitis can develop after both major and minor blunt trauma, and can affect children as well as adults. Symptoms associated with damage to the iris and ciliary body include eye pain and sensitivity to light. If the inflammation goes unnoticed or is not treated properly, it can cause vision loss. The standard treatment for traumatic iridocyclitis is anti‐inflammatory eye drops (corticosteroids). Eye drops that widen the pupil (mydriatics) are usually used as an additional treatment, to reduce eye pain and discomfort, and to shorten the duration of symptoms. We aimed to find out whether the use of mydriatics plus corticosteroids to treat traumatic iridocyclitis is beneficial or causes more unwanted effects than corticosteroids alone by reviewing the research evidence. Specifically, we wanted to know if mydriatics relieve eye pain and inflammation and improve vision. We also wanted to find out if mydriatics cause complications such as chronic pain, and if they have any serious negative effects on sight (including blindness). How we searched for evidence  Our team of researchers searched the medical literature for: • randomized controlled trials: these are medical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. This type of study provides the most reliable evidence about whether a treatment makes a difference; • studies on people of all ages with traumatic iridocyclitis; • studies that compared the effects of mydriatics plus corticosteroids against corticosteroids alone. What we found  We found no randomized controlled trials to help us answer our question. Therefore, we do not know whether the addition of mydriatics to corticosteroids is beneficial or causes more unwanted effects than corticosteroids alone in the treatment of traumatic iridocyclitis. We need researchers to conduct future studies that compare mydriatics plus corticosteroids against corticosteroids, so that we can assess the benefits and risks of mydriatics as an additional treatment for traumatic iridocyclitis. How up‐to‐date is this review?   We last searched for evidence on 12 June 2019. This review covered research that was available up to that date, but did not consider any evidence that may have been produced since then.
Synthetic surfactant for respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants; Abstract - Background This section is under preparation and will be included in the next issue. Objectives To assess the effect of intratracheal administration of synthetic surfactant in premature newborns with established respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). Search methods Searches were made of the Oxford Database of Perinatal Trials, Medline (MeSH terms: pulmonary surfactants; limits: age groups, newborn infant; publication types, clinical trial), previous reviews including cross references, abstracts, conference and symposia proceedings, expert informants, and journal handsearching in the English language. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials which compared the effect of synthetic surfactant treatment to routine management in the treatment of preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. Data collection and analysis Data regarding clinical outcome including the incidence of pneumothorax, pulmonary interstitial emphysema, pulmonary hemorrhage, patent ductus arteriosus, necrotizing enterocolitis, apnea of prematurity, intraventricular hemorrhage (any grade, and severe intraventricular hemorrhage), bronchopulmonary dysplasia, neonatal mortality, bronchopulmonary dysplasia or death, retinopathy of prematurity (any retinopathy, and retinopathy greater than Stage 3), mortality at hospital discharge, mortality to one year of age, and cerebral palsy (any, and moderate/severe cerebral palsy) was excerpted from the report of the clinical trials by the reviewer. Data were analyzed according to the standards of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. Main results Six randomized controlled trials of synthetic surfactant treatment of established respiratory distress syndrome were identified. Five of the studies used Exosurf Neonatal (a synthetic surfactant composed of dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, hexadecanol and tyloxapol); one small study utilized a mixture of dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine (DPPC) and phosphatidylglycerol (PG). Treatment with intratracheal Exosurf Neonatal in premature infants with established respiratory distress syndrome improves pulmonary gas exchange and decreases the requirement for ventilatory support. In individual trials, the use of Exosurf Neonatal resulted in a statistically significant reduction in pneumothorax, patent ductus arteriosus, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), BPD or death at 28 days, and mortality. Similar results are seen when these large trials of Exosurf Neonatal are analyzed in conjunction with the smaller trial of dry powdered DPPC and phosphatidylglycerol (PG). The meta‐analysis supports a decrease in the risk of pneumothorax (typical relative risk 0.64, 95% CI 0.55, 0.76, typical risk difference ‐0.09, 95% CI ‐0.12,‐0.06), a decrease in the risk of pulmonary interstitial emphysema (typical relative risk 0.62, 95% CI 0.54, 0.71, typical risk difference ‐0.12, 95% CI ‐0.16, ‐0.09), a decrease in the risk of patent ductus arteriosus (typical relative risk 0.90, 95% CI 0.84, 0.97; typical risk difference ‐0.06 95% CI ‐0.10, ‐0.02), a decrease in the risk of intraventricular hemorrhage (typical relative risk 0.88, 95% CI 0.77, 0.99; typical risk difference ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.08, ‐0.00), a decrease in the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (typical relative risk 0.75, 95% CI 0.61, 0.92; typical risk difference ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.06, ‐0.01), a decrease in the risk of neonatal mortality (typical relative risk 0.73, 95% CI 0.61, 0.88; typical risk difference ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.07, ‐0.02), a decrease in the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia or death at 28 days (typical relative risk 0.73, 95% CI 0.65, 0.83; typical risk difference ‐0.06, 95% CI ‐0.11, ‐0.05), a decrease in the risk of mortality prior to hospital discharge (typical relative risk 0.79, 95% CI 0.68, 0.92; typical risk difference ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.07, ‐0.02) and a decrease in the risk of mortality during the first year of life (typical relative risk 0.80, 95% CI 0.69, 0.94; typical risk difference ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.07, ‐0.01). Treatment with synthetic surfactant increases the risk of apnea of prematurity (typical relative risk 1.20, 95% CI 1.09, 1.31; typical risk difference 0.08, 95% CI 0.04, 0.12). Authors' conclusions Intratracheal administration of synthetic surfactant to infants with established respiratory distress syndrome has been demonstrated to improve clinical outcome. Infants who are treated with synthetic surfactant have a decreased risk of pneumothorax, a decreased risk of pulmonary interstitial emphysema, a decreased risk of intraventricular hemorrhage, a decreased risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, a decreased risk of neonatal mortality, a decreased risk of mortality prior to hospital discharge and at 1 year of age. Infants who receive synthetic surfactant treatment for established RDS have an increased risk of apnea of prematurity. Plain language summary Synthetic surfactant for respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants Synthetic surfactant is effective in reducing respiratory distress syndrome in preterm babies. Pulmonary surfactant is a substance that prevents the air sacs of the lungs from collapsing by reducing surface tension. Sometimes it is absent in immature lungs and respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) can develop. Synthetic surfactants have been developed and can be used for babies born prematurely (before 34 weeks) who have RDS. The review of trials found evidence that synthetic surfactant for babies with RDS is effective. Synthetic surfactant reduced the risk of pneumothorax (air in the lung cavity) and death. The only adverse effect is the increased risk of pulmonary hemorrhage (bleeding in the lungs), seen with the use of either synthetic or natural surfactant.
Irrigants for non‐surgical root canal treatment in mature permanent teeth; Abstract - Background Root canal treatment is carried out on teeth in which irreversible pulpitis has led to necrosis of the dental pulp. As a treatment option it is an alternative to dental extraction. Mechanical preparation and irrigation with antiseptic or antibacterial solutions destroys bacteria and cleans the infected root canal. Irrigants should be effective in deactivating bacteria in the entire root canal space without causing any adverse tissue reactions. Sodium hypochlorite (NaOCl) and chlorhexidine are commonly used but there is uncertainty as to which solution, concentration or combination is the most effective. Objectives To assess the effects of irrigants used in the non‐surgical root canal treatment of mature permanent teeth. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Oral Health Group's Trials Register (to 5 July 2012), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 4), MEDLINE via Ovid (1950 to 5 July 2012), EMBASE via Ovid (1980 to 5 July 2012), LILACS via BIREME (1980 to 5 July 2012). There were no restrictions regarding language or date of publication. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in single or multi‐rooted permanent teeth with pulpal or periapical pathology or both, which require root canal treatment. Irrigants either against each other or against inactive irrigant or placebo. Combinations of irrigants were allowed and if used in conjunction with EDTA (ethylenediaminetetra‐acetic acid) or similar chelating agents. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed risk of bias of included trials and extracted data. Main results We included 11 trials involving 851 participants with 879 teeth which had undergone root canal treatment and involved the use of irrigants. Two trials were assessed as being at low risk of bias, with six unclear and three high. Four trials compared sodium hypochlorite versus chlorhexidine, however, no primary outcomes and only one secondary outcome, bacterial growth cultures, was reported for two of these trials (20% and 50% of teeth in the control group had positive bacterial culture). The meta‐analysis indicated no strong evidence of a difference in the existence of bacterial growth between the interventions (risk ratio 0.73; 95% confidence interval 0.34 to 1.56; P = 0.41).  The seven remaining trials each compared different interventions and only two of these trials included useable data on the primary outcomes of swelling and pain. One trial compared sodium hypochlorite 5.25% alone versus sodium hypochlorite 5.25% combined with hydrogen peroxide 3%, and versus normal saline and reported pain at 3 to 14 days after the procedure. There was no evidence of a difference in pain between the three groups. The other trial compared sodium hypochlorite 5% versus sodium hypochlorite with 'proteolytic enzyme', and there was no evidence of a difference in swelling between the groups. Two further trials reported bacterial growth, and three trials failed to report any data which could be used in the review. None of the included trials reported any data on adverse effects nor radiological changes in periapical radiolucency. Authors' conclusions Although root canal irrigants such as sodium hypochlorite and chlorhexidine appear to be effective at reducing bacterial cultures when compared to saline, most of the studies included in this review failed to adequately report these clinically important and potentially patient‐relevant outcomes. There is currently insufficient reliable evidence showing the superiority of any one individual irrigant. The strength and reliability of the supporting evidence was variable and clinicians should be aware that changes in bacterial counts or pain in the early postoperative period may not be accurate indicators of long‐term success. Future trials should report both clinician‐relevant and patient‐preferred outcomes at clearly defined perioperative, as well as long‐term, time points. Plain language summary Irrigating solutions for use in root canal treatment of teeth Root canal treatment may be carried out as an alternative to dental extraction on a tooth in which the nerve has been injured or has died. Root canal treatment is carried out because the offending canal is infected or the pulp severely inflamed. The aim of root canal treatment is to eliminate bacteria from, and prevent their further entry to the root canal system. The technique involves cleaning and removal of any remaining bacteria and nerve canal contents. Elimination of any remaining infection improves the chance of success, and irrigation of the canal with certain types of solutions during the procedure can be helpful in achieving this. A range of antiseptic and antibacterial irrigating solutions are available. Sodium hypochlorite (NaOCl) in a variety of strengths has been used by dentists for many years, but concerns have been raised about its toxicity and the occasional report of pain when higher concentrations are used. Chlorhexidine, an antimicrobial, has also been used in a variety of concentrations as either a solution or gel. Combinations of antibiotic and a detergent (MTAD) have been recently developed and are being used increasingly. This review evaluated 11 studies which included 851 participants with 879 front and back teeth which had undergone root canal treatment. Sodium hypochlorite in a range of strengths was the most commonly used irrigating solution, followed by chlorhexidine as a solution or a gel. The amount of pain experienced immediately after treatment and between appointments did not appear to differ either between some of the irrigants or between the different strengths of individual irrigants. Limited data suggested that higher strength concentrations of sodium hypochlorite solution and a final rinse with chlorhexidine may be more effective than other irrigants at destroying bacteria.
Fertility awareness‐based methods for contraception; Abstract - Background 'Fertility awareness‐based methods' of family planning "involve identification of the fertile days of the menstrual cycle, whether by observing fertility signs such as cervical secretions and basal body temperature, or by monitoring cycle days. Fertility awareness‐based methods can be used in combination with abstinence or barrier methods during the fertile time" (WHO 2000). Several names have been used to describe this approach to contraception, including 'rhythm,' 'natural family planning' and 'periodic abstinence.' Fertility awareness‐based methods can be used with abstinence from sexual intercourse. Alternatively, they can be used with barrier contraceptives or withdrawal during presumed fertile times. Objectives We retrieved and analyzed all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that examined any fertility awareness‐based methods used for contraception. Search methods In February 2012, we searched the computerized databases CENTRAL, MEDLINE, POPLINE, and LILACS for randomized controlled trials of fertility awareness‐based methods. We also searched for trials in ClinicalTrials.gov and ICTRP. Previous searches also included EMBASE. For the initial review, we examined the reference lists of trial reports as well as that of review articles. Selection criteria We included all RCTs in any language that compared any fertility awareness‐based methods for contraception with a placebo; another method, including an alternative fertility awareness‐based method; or fertility awareness‐based methods used in conjunction with another contraceptive. Data collection and analysis We assessed all titles and abstracts found for inclusion. We evaluated the methodological quality of the trials for potential biases by qualitatively assessing the study design, randomization method, allocation concealment, blinding, premature discontinuation rates, and loss to follow‐up rates. Because of methodological weaknesses, we could not enter the trial results in RevMan, calculate measures of association, or aggregate data. Main results Because of poor methods and reporting, pregnancy rates could not be determined. A trial in Colombia found similar numbers of pregnancies among women randomized to the ovulation and symptothermal methods. In contrast, a companion trial in Los Angeles observed more pregnancies in the group assigned to the ovulation method. In the two USA trials, recruitment of participants was unexpectedly difficult; this aspect was not mentioned in the report from Colombia. Continuation rates were poor. In the two larger trials, most participants discontinued their assigned method before entering the observation phase of the trial. Authors' conclusions The comparative efficacy of fertility awareness‐based methods of contraception remains unknown. Despite intensive training and ongoing support, most participants in these trials discontinued prematurely. Contraceptive methods should be properly evaluated, preferably in randomized controlled trials, before adoption and dissemination. Plain language summary Family planning with methods based on fertility awareness Methods of family planning that are based on 'fertility awareness' try to identify the fertile days of a woman's menstrual cycle. Names used to describe this approach to birth control include 'rhythm,' 'natural family planning' and 'periodic abstinence.' The goal is to avoid sex on the days when the women might get pregnant. Couples could also use these methods with a condom or they could use withdrawal. In February 2012, we did computer searches for randomized trials that examined family planning methods based on fertility awareness. For the original review, we also looked at studies mentioned in these trials as well as in review articles. We included trials that compared a fertility awareness‐based method with a placebo ('dummy') or with another method including a different fertility awareness method. The test method could also be compared to a fertility awareness‐based method used with another type of birth control. Three studies were found; one was from Colombia and two were from Los Angeles, California. Due to weak methods, we could not analyze any data. Pregnancy rates could not be determined. The Colombia trial found similar numbers of women became pregnant in the ovulation and symptothermal groups. The Los Angeles trial observed more pregnancies in the group with the ovulation method. The USA trials found it hard to recruit couples, while the Colombia report did not mentioned that issue. Drop‐out rates were high. In the two larger trials, most participants stopped their method early. We still do not know how well these methods work for family planning. Even with a lot of training and support, most people in these trials stopped early. Birth control methods should be tested carefully before they are widely shared and used. Randomized trials are the best test of whether something works or not.
Alkalinisation for organophosphorus pesticide poisoning; Abstract - Background Poisoning with organophosphorus pesticides (OPs) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, particularly in developing countries. The case‐fatality for intentional self‐poisoning is around 10 to 20% even when the standard antidotes (atropine, oximes and benzodiazepines) are used. Alternative treatments have been trialled in an attempt to improve outcomes from acute OP poisoning, one of which is blood alkalinisation. Animal and preliminary human research has suggested benefit from blood alkalinisation with sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO 3 ) as a treatment for acute OP poisoning. Objectives To determine the efficacy of alkalinisation, in particular NaHCO 3 , for the treatment of acute OP poisoning. Search methods We searched Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library  2010, issue 4), MEDLINE, EMBASE ,  ISI Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI‐EXPANDED) and ISI Web of Science: Conference Proceedings Citation Index‐ Science (CPCI‐S), LILACS, Current Awareness in Clinical Toxicology and The Internet using Google. We also carried out a citation search and manually reviewed the bibliographies of identified articles. The searches were last conducted in October 2010. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of symptomatic patients following acute OP poisoning treated with alkalinisation. The quality of studies and eligibility for inclusion was assessed using criteria of the Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool. Data collection and analysis Studies were identified and both authors independently extracted data which were recorded on a pre‐designed form. Study design, including the method of randomisation, participant characteristics, type of intervention and outcomes were recorded. The Relative Risk (RR) for death and Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) for the total dose of atropine were determined. Main results Two small randomised controlled trials were located, one with higher dose NaHCO 3  and alternating allocation, the other with lower dose NaHCO 3  was presented in abstract form only. In the higher dose study, the RR of death in patients receiving NaHCO 3  compared to controls was 0.52 (95% CI 0.05 to 5.39) and the WMD for total dose of atropine was ‐36.1 (95% CI ‐68.43 to ‐3.77). No clinical benefits from lower dose NaHCO 3  were noted. Six other studies were identified but none satisfied inclusion criteria; three studies were uncontrolled and three were controlled. NaHCO 3  was used in each study to induce alkalinisation. Marked heterogeneity between subjects and treatments was noted ‐ for example, varying regimens of NaHCO 3 . Authors' conclusions Preliminary studies suggest benefit from blood alkalinisation with NaHCO 3  in OP poisoning, but there is insufficient evidence to support its routine clinical use. Further research is required to determine the method of alkalinisation that will optimise outcomes, and the regimen which will produce the target arterial pH of 7.50 (range 7.45 to 7.55). This should be followed by a well‐designed randomised controlled trial to determine efficacy. Plain language summary Use of sodium bicarbonate to treat organophosphorus pesticide poisoning Many people, particularly in developing countries, are poisoned by organophosphorus pesticides (OPs) used in agriculture or for killing insects in the home. Poisoning may be accidental or intentional. Even when the usual antidotes are given, 10 to 20% of those poisoned still die. Research in animals has suggested that use of sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) or similar chemicals which make the blood alkaline might save people poisoned by OPs. The review authors looked for studies in which such chemicals were given to OP poisoned patients, to see how effective the treatment is. They sought randomised controlled trials, a type of research study in which one group of patients is given one treatment, while a similar group (the control group) is given a different treatment. The authors found eight studies but only two small randomised controlled trials, one using higher dose sodium bicarbonate and the other a lower dose. Only the trial using higher dose sodium bicarbonate, which included 53 participants, showed a slight benefit from using sodium bicarbonate in conjunction with standard treatment for OP poisoning. This study does not provide enough evidence to recommend routine clinical use of sodium bicarbonate. There are hundreds of different kinds of OPs so treatment may vary based on the type of poisoning as well as the severity of the poisoning. More research needs to be done to determine the best treatment for poisoning with OPs in various situations.
Continuous versus intermittent infusions of antibiotics for the treatment of severe acute infections; Abstract - Background Intravenous broad–spectrum antibiotics are indicated for the treatment of severe infections. However, the emergence of infections caused by multiple‐drug resistant organisms in conjunction with a lack of novel antibiotics has prompted the investigation of alternative dosing strategies to improve clinical efficacy and tolerability. To optimise pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic antibiotic parameters, continuous antibiotic infusions have been compared with traditional intermittent antibiotic infusions. Objectives To compare the clinical efficacy and safety of continuous intravenous administration of concentration–dependent and time–dependent antibiotics with traditional intermittent intravenous administration in adults with severe acute bacterial infections.  Search methods The following electronic databases were searched in September 2012: The Cochrane Injuries Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL),  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (OvidSP), EMBASE (OvidSP), CINAHL, ISI Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI‐EXPANDED), and ISI Web of Science: Conference Proceedings Citation Index‐Science (CPCI‐S). The reference lists of all relevant materials, the Internet, and the trials registry  www.clinicaltrials.gov  for completed and ongoing trials were also searched. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in adults with a bacterial infection requiring intravenous antibiotic therapy comparing continuous versus intermittent infusions of antibiotics were included. Both time–dependent and concentration–dependent antibiotics were considered. Data collection and analysis Three independent authors performed data extraction for the included studies. All data were cross–checked and disagreements resolved by consensus. An intention‐to‐treat analysis was conducted using a random–effects model. Main results Twenty–nine studies met inclusion criteria with a combined total of more than 1600 participants. Most included studies were judged to be at unclear or high risk of bias with regard to randomisation sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, management of incomplete outcome data, selective outcome reporting, and other potential threats to validity. No studies were judged to be at low risk of bias for all methodological quality items assessed. No differences in all–cause mortality (n = 1241, risk ratio (RR) 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.67 to 1.20, P = 0.45), infection recurrence (n = 398, RR 1.22, 95% CI 0.35 to 4.19, P = 0.76), clinical cure (n = 975, RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.08, P = 0.98), and super‐infection post–therapy (n = 813, RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.94, P = 0.79) were reported, nor were any differences observed in safety outcomes, including adverse events (n = 575, RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.12, P = 0.63), serious adverse events (n = 871, RR 1.36, 95% CI 0.80 to 2.30, P = 0.26), and withdrawals due to adverse events (n = 871, RR 2.03, 95% CI 0.52 to 7.95, P = 0.31). A difference was observed in subgroup analyses of clinical cure in septic versus non‐septic participants, in which intermittent antibiotic infusions were favoured for clinical cure in septic participants. However, this effect was not consistent between random‐effects and fixed‐effect analyses. No differences were noted in the sensitivity analyses conducted. Authors' conclusions No differences in mortality, infection recurrence, clinical cure, super‐infection post–therapy, and safety outcomes were reported when continuous infusions of intravenous antibiotics were compared with traditional intermittent infusions of antibiotics. However, the wide confidence intervals suggest that beneficial or harmful effects cannot be ruled out for all outcomes. Therefore, the current evidence is insufficient to recommend the widespread adoption of continuous infusion antibiotics in the place of intermittent infusions of antibiotics. Additinal large prospective randomised trials, with consistent and complete reporting of clinical outcome measures, conducted with concurrent pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies in special populations, are required to determine whether adoption of continuous antibiotic infusions is warranted in specific circumstances. Plain language summary Alternative dosing strategies for intravenous antibiotics to treat severe infections Intravenous (through the vein) antibiotics are used to treat severe bacterial infections. Currently, the most common way to administer intravenous antibiotics is by intermittent infusion, whereby an antibiotic is infused into a patient over 30 minutes to 1 hour multiple times per day during the course of treatment. To optimise the efficacy and potentially the safety of these antibiotics, alternative dosing strategies have been studied. One proposed strategy is to administer intravenous antibiotics by continuous or extended infusions over 3 to 24 hours.  Twenty–nine randomised trials comprising more than 1600 participants were reviewed to study the effects of continuous infusion antibiotics versus intermittent infusion antibiotics. When mortality, infection recurrence, clinical cure, super‐infection after treatment, and safety concerns were considered, no differences between the two dosing strategies were noted. The authors conclude that because continuous antibiotic infusions provide no benefit over standard intermittent infusions, they cannot recommend continuous antibiotic infusions for widespread use.
Multidisciplinary rehabilitation following botulinum toxin and other focal intramuscular treatment for post‐stroke spasticity; Abstract - Background Spasticity may affect stroke survivors by contributing to activity limitations, caregiver burden, pain and reduced quality of life (QoL). Spasticity management guidelines recommend multidisciplinary (MD) rehabilitation programmes following botulinum toxin (BoNT) treatment for post‐stroke spasticity. However, the evidence base for the effectiveness of MD rehabilitation is unclear. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of MD rehabilitation, following BoNT and other focal intramuscular treatments such as phenol, in improving activity limitations and other outcomes in adults and children with post‐stroke spasticity. To explore what settings, types and intensities of rehabilitation programmes are effective. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (February 2012), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 12), MEDLINE (1948 to December 2011), EMBASE (1980 to January 2012), CINAHL (1982 to January 2012), AMED (1985 to January 2012), LILACS (1982 to September 2012), PEDro, REHABDATA and OpenGrey (September 2012). In an effort to identify further published, unpublished and ongoing trials we searched trials registries and reference lists, handsearched journals and contacted authors. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared MD rehabilitation (delivered by two or more disciplines in conjunction with medical input) following BoNT and other focal intramuscular treatments for post‐stroke spasticity with placebo, routinely available local services, or lower levels of intervention; or studies that compared MD rehabilitation in different settings, of different types, or at different levels of intensity. We excluded RCTs that assessed the effectiveness of unidisciplinary therapy (for example physiotherapy only) or a single modality (for example stretching, casting, electrical stimulation or splinting only). The primary outcomes were validated measures of activity level (active and passive function) according to the World Health Organization's International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health. Secondary outcomes included measures of symptoms, impairments, participation, QoL, impact on caregivers and adverse events. Data collection and analysis We independently selected the trials, extracted data, and assessed methodological quality using the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE). Due to the limited number of included studies, with clinical, methodological and statistical heterogeneity, quantitative meta‐analysis was not possible. Therefore, GRADE provided qualitative synthesis of 'best evidence'. Main results We included three RCTs involving 91 participants. All three studies scored 'low quality' on the methodological quality assessment, implying high risk of bias. All studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint‐induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared with task practice therapy only; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMT improving upper limb motor function and spasticity in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and 'very low quality' evidence for dynamic elbow splinting and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. Task practice therapy with cyclic FES did not improve upper limb function more than task practice therapy alone, only at 12 weeks. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb spasticity, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticity. Authors' conclusions At best there was 'low level' evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensities of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post‐stroke spasticity, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area. Plain language summary Multidisciplinary rehabilitation programmes following treatment of spasticity after stroke Stroke can cause muscle stiffness, spasms or tightness in the affected arm or leg, with pain and abnormal positioning of the limb. Consequently, there may be difficulties using the arm or leg in everyday activities or in caring for the affected limb. Treatments for spasticity may include botulinum toxin and other injected medications that paralyse the affected muscles. Following such injections, a multidisciplinary (MD) rehabilitation programme (usually delivered by two or more health professionals) is often employed. Interventions may include stretching, splinting, gait training, repetitive practice in using the arm for tasks, and orthotic prescription. Therapies are aimed at reducing spasticity to improve limb use or positioning, or to make it easier to care for the affected limb. The outcomes of such programmes focus on attainment of functional goals that are important to affected people in their everyday life. We included three relevant studies in the review, which investigated different types of MD rehabilitation interventions after botulinum toxin injections into the arms of 91 adults with previous stroke. There was low quality evidence for intensive forced use of the affected arm in improving spasticity, and very low quality evidence for elbow splinting with occupational therapy. We did not identify any studies of MD rehabilitation in children with post‐stroke spasticity or after other injected medications. The review findings are limited by the small number of studies that are methodologically flawed. More research is needed into what rehabilitation modalities and treatments are most effective for spasticity management following stroke.
Over‐the‐counter (OTC) medications to reduce cough as an adjunct to antibiotics for acute pneumonia in children and adults; Abstract - Background Cough is often distressing for patients with pneumonia. Accordingly they often use over‐the‐counter (OTC) cough medications (mucolytics or cough suppressants). These might provide relief in reducing cough severity, but suppression of the cough mechanism might impede airway clearance and cause harm. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy of OTC cough medications as an adjunct to antibiotics in children and adults with pneumonia. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 12, MEDLINE (January 1966 to January week 2, 2014), OLDMEDLINE (1950 to 1965), EMBASE (1980 to January 2014), CINAHL (2009 to January 2014), LILACS (2009 to January 2014) and Web of Science (2009 to January 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in children and adults comparing any type of OTC cough medication with placebo, or control medication, with cough as an outcome and where the cough is secondary to acute pneumonia. Data collection and analysis We independently selected trials for inclusion. We extracted data from these studies, assessed them for methodological quality without disagreement and analyzed them using standard methods. Main results There are no new trials to include in this review update. Previously, four studies with a total of 224 participants were included; one was performed exclusively in children and three in adolescents or adults. One using an antitussive had no extractable pneumonia‐specific data. Three different mucolytics (bromhexine, ambroxol, neltenexine) were used in the remaining studies, of which only two had extractable data. They demonstrated no significant difference for the primary outcome of 'not cured or not improved' for mucolytics. A secondary outcome of 'not cured' was reduced (odds ratio (OR) for children 0.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 0.77; number needed to treat to benefit (NNTB) at day 10 = 5 (95% CI 3 to 16) and OR 0.32 for adults (95% CI 0.13 to 0.75); NNTB at day 10 = 5 (95% CI 3 to 19)). In a post hoc analysis combining data for children and adults, again there was no difference in the primary outcome of 'not cured or not improved' (OR 0.85, 95% CI 0.40 to 1.80) although mucolytics reduced the secondary outcome 'not cured' (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.60; NNTB 4, 95% CI 3 to 8). The risk of bias was low or unclear. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to decide whether OTC medications for cough associated with acute pneumonia are beneficial. Mucolytics may be beneficial but there is insufficient evidence to recommend them as an adjunctive treatment for acute pneumonia. This leaves only theoretical recommendations that OTC medications containing codeine and antihistamines should not be used in young children. Plain language summary Over‐the‐counter medications to help reduce cough for children and adults on antibiotics for acute pneumonia There are many causes of acute cough, one of which is pneumonia. Cough is burdensome and impairs quality of life. Over‐the‐counter (OTC) medications are commonly purchased and used by patients, and are recommended by healthcare staff as additional medications in the treatment of pneumonia. There are many classes of OTC medications for cough, such as mucolytics (medications that can reduce the thickness of mucus) and antitussives (medications that suppress cough). This review aims to balance the possible benefits of these agents with their potential risks. In this review we found four studies with a total of 224 participants that were suitable for inclusion; one was performed exclusively in children and three in adolescents or adults. However, data could only be obtained from two studies; both studies used mucolytics (ambroxol and bromhexine) in conjunction with antibiotics. Combining these two studies, the rate of cure or improvement in cough of people who received mucolytics was similar to those who did not. However, in the secondary analysis, children who received a mucolytic were more likely to be cured of cough (the number needed to treat to benefit (NNTB) at day 10 was 5 for children and 4 for adults). There were no reported increased adverse events in the treatment group. The range of possible adverse events associated with OTC medications for cough is wide and includes minimal adverse events (such as with the use of honey) to serious adverse events, such as altered heart rate patterns, drowsiness and death in young children. The studies included in this review did not report any detectable increase in adverse events. There were no obvious biases in the studies. This review has substantial limitations due to the unavailability of data from studies. Also there are no studies of other common OTC medications used for cough, such as antihistamines and antitussives. Thus, there is insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions on the role of OTC medications taken as an additional treatment for cough associated with acute pneumonia. Mucolytics may be beneficial but the lack of consistent evidence precludes recommending the routine use of mucolytics as an addition in the treatment of troublesome cough associated with pneumonia in children or adults. The evidence is current to January 2014.
Lasers or light sources for treating port‐wine stains; Abstract - Background Port‐wine stains are birthmarks caused by malformations of blood vessels in the skin. Port‐wine stains manifest themselves in infancy as a flat, red mark and do not regress spontaneously but may, if untreated, become darker and thicker in adult life. The profusion of various lasers and light sources makes it difficult to decide which equipment is the best for treating port‐wine stains. Objectives To study participant satisfaction, clinical efficacy, and adverse effects of the treatment of port‐wine stains by lasers and light sources. Search methods We searched the following databases up to April 2010: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Clinical Trials) in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (from 2005), EMBASE (from 2007), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Science Information database, from 1982), and reference lists of articles. We also searched online trials registries for ongoing trials and contacted trial authors where appropriate. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials (RCTs) of lasers or light sources for the treatment of port‐wine stains. Data collection and analysis Our outcomes of interest were participant satisfaction, reduction in redness of the port‐wine stain as determined by clinical evaluation, and short‐ and long‐term adverse effects of the treatments. Three authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Main results We included 5 RCTs involving a total of 103 participants; all of the trials used a within‐participant design. The interventions and outcomes were too varied to be combined statistically. All trials used the pulsed dye laser for comparisons. None of the studies focused on participant satisfaction, which was one of our primary outcomes, but participant preference was evaluated in three of five studies. Participants preferred the pulsed dye laser to intense pulsed light based on the clinical effect. They marginally preferred the Neodymium:YAG (yttrium‐aluminium‐garnet) (Nd:YAG) laser to the pulsed dye laser due to shorter lasting purpura, and pulsed dye laser in conjunction with cooling was preferred to treatment with pulsed dye laser alone. All trials examined short‐term efficacy of less than six months after treatments with the pulsed dye laser, intense pulsed light, and Nd:YAG laser. The pulsed dye laser was evaluated in all five trials. Depending upon the setting of the pulsed dye laser, this resulted in more than 25% reduction in redness. This was after 1 to 3 treatments for up to 4 to 6 months postoperatively in 50% to 100% of the participants. There was only one study each of intense pulsed light and Nd:YAG laser. Two trials had no occurrence of long‐term adverse effects, i.e. six months after treatment. Three trials reported pigmentary alterations in 3% to 24% of the participants, with the highest percentage occurring in Chinese participants with darker skin types. In one study one participant experienced scarring of the skin caused by a too‐high dose of the laser used. Short‐term side‐effects included pain, crusting, and blistering in the first two weeks after treatment. Authors' conclusions The pulsed dye laser leads to clinically relevant clearance of port‐wine stains. A limited number of RCTs evaluated the efficacy from intense pulsed light and other laser types. High‐quality RCTs are needed to assess individual efficacy from different lasers and light sources, as well as participant satisfaction. Plain language summary Treatment of port‐wine stains with lasers or light sources Port‐wine stains are birthmarks caused by malformations of blood vessels in the skin. They manifest themselves in infancy as flat, red marks on the skin and do not disappear spontaneously but may, if untreated, become darker and thicker by middle age with a 'cobblestone appearance'. Different lasers and light sources are used to lighten the port‐wine stains by a reduction in redness. However, it is unclear which treatment gives the best results. Our aim with this systematic review was to assess the benefits and harms of the various lasers and light sources available. We found 5 randomised controlled trials, involving 103 participants, which we included in our review. All of the included trials assessed the effectiveness of the interventions using a within‐participant design. These trials assessed the pulsed dye laser, intense pulsed light, and Nd:YAG laser. Only the pulsed dye laser was assessed in all five trials. None of the studies focused on participant satisfaction which was our primary outcome. Depending upon the setting of the pulsed dye laser, more than 25% lightening (i.e. by reduction in redness) of port‐wine stains occurred. This was after 1 to 3 treatments for up to 4 to 6 months postoperatively in 50% to 100% of the participants of the trials. Substantial evidence is lacking for other laser types and intense pulsed light. Side‐effects were rare in the included trials, but 3 trials reported pigmentary alterations in 3% to 24% of the participants, with the highest percentage occurring in Chinese participants with darker skin types. In one study one participant experienced scarring of the skin due to a too‐high dose of the laser used. Short‐term side‐effects included pain, crusting, and blistering in the first two weeks after treatment. Two trials reported no occurrence of long‐term adverse effects, i.e. six months after treatment.
Benzodiazepines for catatonia in people with schizophrenia or other serious mental illnesses; Abstract - Background Catatonia is a debilitating disorder of movement and volition associated with schizophrenia and some other mental illnesses. People with catatonia are more likely to require hospitalisation and highly supervised care than those without the disorder. They also have an increased risk of secondary complications such as pneumonia, malnutrition and dehydration. The mainstay of treatment has been drug therapies and electroconvulsive therapy. Objectives To compare the effects of benzodiazepines with other drugs, placebo or electroconvulsive therapy for catatonia in people with schizophrenia or other similar serious mental illnesses (SMIs). Search methods We updated our previous search (28 February 2007) by searching the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Study‐Based Register of Trials (9 November 2016; 6 February 2019). This register is compiled by systematic searches of major resources (including CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, AMED, BIOSIS, CINAHL, PsycINFO, PubMed, and registries of clinical trials) and their monthly updates, handsearches, grey literature, and conference proceedings, with no language, date, document type, or publication status limitations for inclusion of records into the register. We also manually searched reference lists from studies selected by the search. Selection criteria All controlled clinical trials that randomised people who have schizophrenia or other similar SMI and experiencing catatonia to receive benzodiazepines or another relevant treatment. We included studies that met our inclusion criteria and reported usable data. We excluded those not meeting our inclusion criteria or those not reporting usable data. We contacted authors when we required further information; and if we received no response, we put those studies aside as 'awaiting assessment'. Data collection and analysis Review authors extracted data independently. For dichotomous data we calculated relative risks (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) on an intention‐to‐treat basis using a fixed‐effect model. We completed a 'Risk of bias' assessment for the included study and generated a 'Summary of findings' table using GRADE. Main results The searches found 130 citations, from which we could identify 22 possibly relevant studies. From these, we could only include one study. This study had a relatively small sample size of 17 participants who received lorazepam or oxazepam and were drug free for one week before the trial started. The only usable data reported by this study were clinically important change in symptoms of catatonia measured as 50% improvement on the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). There was no difference in the numbers of participants showing a clinically important change in their catatonic symptoms (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.16; participants = 17; studies = 1; very low quality evidence). No data were reported for other important outcomes of hospital stay, clinically important change in satisfaction with care, global state, adverse effects or general functioning We did find a few studies meeting our inclusion criteria but they reported no usable data. We had to exclude these. Although poorly reported, these studies do illustrate that relevant studies have been undertaken — they are not impossible to design and conduct. Authors' conclusions Analysis of the results from this review, which was a head‐to‐head comparison of two benzodiazepine monotherapies, does not show a clear difference in effect. No data were available for benzodiazepines compared to placebo or standard care. The lack of usable data and very low quality of data available makes it impossible to draw firm conclusions and further studies with a high‐quality methodology and reporting are required in order to determine more definitively the outcomes associated with benzodiazepine use in the clinical management of catatonia in persons with schizophrenia and other SMI. Plain language summary Benzodiazepines for catatonia in people with schizophrenia or similar serious mental illness Review question   Are the group of drugs called benzodiazepines an effective and tolerable treatment for catatonia in people with schizophrenia or other serious mental illnesses? Background   Catatonia is a debilitating condition that is characterised by diminished, excessive or peculiar movement and activity as well as diminished engagement with the social and physical environment. It can occur when a person has a number of different psychiatric conditions, including schizophrenia (an enduring mental illness whose hallmark is an altered perception of reality); and less frequently with medical conditions. Some of the other serious mental disorders that are associated with catatonia include bipolar disorder (an illness in which there are extremes of disturbed mood) and depression (another mood disorder characterized by low mood). Benzodiazepines are widely used in the treatment of catatonia, but there is no good quality evidence from randomised controlled trials concerning their effectiveness. Searching for evidence   The Information Specialist from Cochrane Schizophrenia ran electronic searches of the group's specialised register (the most recent in February 2019) for trials that randomised people with catatonia occurring in conjunction with schizophrenia or other similar serious mental illnesses to receive either benzodiazepines or any of the following: other drugs, placebo, or electroconvulsive therapy. One hundred and thirty records were found and checked by the review authors. Evidence found   One trial was found in the search which met the review requirements and provided limited, very low quality usable data for one outcome only. This trial compared two benzodiazepines (lorazepam vs oxazepam) and found no clear difference between these two treatments for improvement in the symptoms of catatonia for people who have catatonia and schizophrenia or similar serious mental illness. Conclusions   There is insufficient high quality evidence available to answer the review question. More high quality research is needed.
Massage therapy for people with HIV/AIDS; Abstract - Background Infection with human immunodeficency virus (HIV) and acquired immunodeficency syndrome (AIDS) is a pandemic that has affected millions of people globally. Although major research and clinical initiatives are addressing prevention and cure strategies, issues of quality of life for survivors have received less attention. Massage therapy is proposed to have a positive effect on quality of life and may also have a positive effect on immune function through stress mediation. Objectives The objective of this systematic review was to examine the safety and effectiveness of massage therapy on quality of life, pain and immune system parameters in people living with HIV/AIDS. Search methods A comprehensive search strategy was devised incorporating appropriate terms for HIV/AIDS, randomised controlled trials (RCTs), massage therapy and the pertinent measures of benefit. All electronic databases identified were searched in November 2008, including Cochrane Group Trials Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, SCIENCE CITATION INDEX, AIDSLINE, AIDSearch, CINAHL, HEALTHSTAR, PsycLIT, AMED, Current Contents, AMI, NLM GATEWAY, LILACS, IndMed, SOCIOFILE, SCI, SSCI, ERIC and DAI. We also reviewed relevant published and unpublished conference abstracts and proceedings and scrutinised reference lists from pertinent journals. There were no language or date restrictions. Selection criteria Studies were identified by two reviewers based on trial design (RCTs) and participants (ie, people of any age with HIV/AIDS, at any stage of the disease) who had undergone an intervention that included massage therapy for the identified aims of improving quality of life and activity and participation levels, improving immune function, reducing pain and improving other physiological or psychological impairments. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently identified included studies and extracted relevant data. Two other reviewers independently reviewed the included studies for risk of bias. All data and risk of bias judgements were entered into Revman (v5) and meta‐analyses were conducted where appropriate. Main results Twelve papers were identified, from which four were included. The remaining eight papers were excluded predominantly due to inappropriate methodology. The four included studies were highly clinically heterogenous, investigating a range of age groups (ie, children, adolescents and adults) across the disease spectrum from early HIV through late‐stage AIDS. The settings were either community or palliative care, and the outcome measures were a combination of quality of life and immunological function. The trials were judged to be at moderate risk of bias mostly because of incomplete reporting. For quality of life measures, the studies reported that massage therapy in combination with other modalities, such as meditation and stress reduction, are superior to massage therapy alone or to the other modalities alone. The quality of life domains with significant effect sizes included self‐reported reduced use of health care resources, improvement in self‐perceived spiritual quality of life and improvement in total quality of life scores. One study also reported positive changes in immune function, in particular CD4+ cell count and natural killer cell counts, due to massage therapy, and one study reported no difference between people given massage therapy and controls in immune parameters. Adverse or harmful effects were not well reported. Authors' conclusions There is some evidence to support the use of massage therapy to improve quality of life for people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA), particularly in combination with other stress‐management modalities, and that massage therapy may have a positive effect on immunological function. The trials are small, however, and at moderate risk of bias. Further studies are needed using larger sample sizes and rigorous design/reporting before massage therapy can be strongly recommended for PLWHA. Plain language summary Massage therapy for people with HIV/AIDS People living with HIV/AIDS may experience a lower quality of life due to complications of the disease. Massage therapy may help people by improving their overall health and their ability to deal with stress. We systematically investigated studies that have compared massage therapy with other forms of therapy or no therapy. We found four randomised controled trials that used massage therapy with children, adolescents or adults with HIV or late‐stage AIDS. This review of the literature supports that massage therapy can benefit people with HIV/AIDS by improving quality of life, particularly if they receive the therapy in conjunction with other techniques, such as meditation and relaxation training, and provide more benefit than any one of these techniques individually. Furthermore, it may be that massage therapy can improve their body's ability to fight the disease; however, this is not yet convincingly proven. We recommend further studies be undertaken to investigate this question and recommend that in the meantime, people with HIV/AIDS use massage therapy to improve quality of life, provided they have clear goals and monitor their response to the therapy.
Nidotherapy for people with schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Nidotherapy is a therapeutic method that principally aims to modify the environment of people with schizophrenia and other serious mental illnesses, whilst working in conjunction with, or alongside other treatments. Rather than focusing on direct treatments or interventions, the aim is to help the individual identify the need for, and work to effect environmental change with the aim of minimising the impact of any form of mental disorder on the individual and society. Objectives To review the effects of nidotherapy added to standard care, compared with standard care or no treatment for people with schizophrenia or related disorders. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials Register (December 2011) and supplemented this by contacting relevant study authors, handsearching nidotherapy articles and manually searching reference lists. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared nidotherapy with standard care or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We independently selected and quality assessed potential trials. We reliably extracted data. We calculated risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of homogeneous dichotomous data. Scale data were only extracted from valid scales. For non‐skewed continuous endpoint data, we estimated mean difference (MD) between groups. Skewed data have been presented in the Data and analyses as 'other data', with acknowledged means and standard deviations. We assessed risk of bias for the included study and used GRADE to create a 'Summary of findings' table. Main results We included only one study that compared nidotherapy‐enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants); this study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short‐term (up to six months) and medium‐term (between six and 12 months) effects of nidotherapy‐enhanced standard care versus standard care. Nidotherapy‐enhanced standard care was favoured over standard care for social functioning in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD ‐2.10, 95% CI ‐4.66 to 0.46) and medium term (n = 37, 1 RCT, MD ‐1.70, 95% CI ‐4.60 to 1.20,  Very low quality ); however, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with non‐inpatient services favoured the intervention group in both the short term (n = 50, 1 RCT, MD 2.00, 95% CI 0.13 to 3.87) and medium term (n = 37, 1 RCT, MD 1.70, 95% CI ‐0.09 to 3.49), with statistical significance evident in the short term, but not in the medium term. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the intervention in the short term (n = 52, 1 RCT, RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.06 to 12.98), with slight favour of the control group at medium term (n = 50, 1 RCT, RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.39 to 2.54); again, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months) favoured the intervention (n = 52, 1 RCT, RR 0.29, 95% CI 0.01 to 6.74,  Very low quality ) but with no statistical significance. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits of nidotherapy. Authors' conclusions Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of this newly‐formulated therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach. Plain language summary Nidotherapy for schizophrenia Nidotherapy (from the Latin ‘ nidus ’ or ‘nest’) aims at identifying the need for and making changes to a person’s environment and surroundings. It works alongside other treatments to make improvements to a person’s well being, housing, money management, personal relationships, work and other factors. The aim of nidotherapy is not to change the person (whereas other psychological therapies often aim to make changes in an individual’s behaviour, emotions and thinking) but to create a better ‘fit’ between the environment and the individual. As a consequence the individual may improve, but this is not a direct result of treatment but because a more harmonious relationship has been created with the environment. Benefits of nidotherapy may include improvements in people’s relationships, self‐esteem, taking their medication, mental health and generally creating a better life situation. If environmental factors or someone’s surroundings are at all responsible for causing illness and relapse, then nidotherapists and people with schizophrenia can identify these factors together to try and reduce the number and severity of relapses. This review includes one small pilot study with 52 participants. The study compared nidotherapy with standard care versus standard care alone and lasted 18 months. Findings suggest some limited evidence that those who received nidotherapy might experience a slight improvement in social functioning or personal relationships, mental state and may spend less time as inpatients in hospital over the course of 12 months, but there is no information concerning the appropriateness of this for the individual. However, these limited findings need to be treated with considerable caution. The degree of any possible improvements that come from taking part in nidotherapy remain unclear due to the single study’s small sample size, incomplete evidence and risk of bias. No evidence is available on the effect of nidotherapy on general functioning, quality of life, taking medication, satisfaction with treatment, employment status or adverse effects. Further research is required to fill this gap in knowledge about the effectiveness, benefits and possible hazards of nidotherapy. Until such a time, people with mental health problems, health professionals, managers and policymakers should consider this new therapy an experimental one. This summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray (Benjamin Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email:  ben.gray@rethink.org ).
Chinese herbal medicine for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) was the main form of treatment in China for psychiatric illnesses until the development of antipsychotic drugs in the 1950's. Antipsychotic drugs have become the primary intervention for schizophrenia, although herbal medicines can still form part of the treatment. Objectives To review Chinese herbal medicine, used alone or as part of a TCM approach, for people with schizophrenia and related psychoses. Search methods We undertook electronic searches of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's register (December 2003), the Traditional Chinese Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval Database (TCMLARS) (October 2003), Chinese Biomedical Database (CBM) (December 2003), China National Knowledge Infrastructure Database (May 2004), Complementary Medicine Database (AMED) (December 2003). We contacted the Chinese Cochrane Centre, the Cochrane Complementary Medicine Field and first authors of included studies and inspected reference lists for additional studies. Selection criteria We included all relevant randomised controlled trials involving people with schizophrenia‐like illnesses, allocated to Chinese herbal medicine, including any Chinese herbs (single or mixture), compared with placebo/no treatment or antipsychotic drugs. We updated this search July 2012 and added 45 new trials to the awaiting classification section. Data collection and analysis We independently extracted data and calculated fixed effects relative risk (RR), the 95% confidence intervals (CI) for homogeneous dichotomous data, and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat (NNT) on an intention‐to‐treat basis. For continuous data, we calculated weighted mean differences (WMD). Main results Only one small trial of the seven included studies truly evaluated TCM for schizophrenia. The other trials evaluated Chinese herbs for schizophrenia. We found one study comparing Chinese herbal medicine with antipsychotic drugs. Data for the global state outcome 'no change/worse' favoured people allocated to antipsychotic medication (n=90, RR 1.88 CI 1.2 to 2.9, NNH 4 CI 2 to 12). Six trials compared Chinese herbal medicine in combination with antipsychotic with antipsychotic drugs alone. One trial found global state 'not improved/worse' favoured the herbal medicine/antipsychotic combination (n=123, RR 0.19 CI 0.1 to 0.6, NNT 6 CI 5 to 11). Two studies (n=103) also found short‐term data from the Clinical Global Impression scale favoured the herbal medicine plus antipsychotic group (WMD ‐0.46 CI ‐0.9 to ‐0.1) compared with those given only antipsychotics. Significantly fewer people in the experimental group left the study early compared with those given antipsychotics alone (n=1004, 6 RCTs, RR 0.30 CI 0.16 to 0.58, NNT 21 CI 18 to 35). Reports of constipation were significantly lower in the treatment group compared to those receiving antipsychotics (n=67, 1 RCT, RR 0.03 CI 0.0 to 0.5, NNH 2 CI 2 to 4). Authors' conclusions Chinese herbal medicines, given in a Western biomedical context, may be beneficial for people with schizophrenia when combined with antipsychotics. Traditional Chinese medicine is also under‐evaluated, but results from one pioneering study that attempted to evaluate TCM should encourage further trials. Note: the 45 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed. Plain language summary Chinese herbal medicine for schizophrenia Antipsychotic medication is the mainstay of treatment for people with schizophrenia, and although effective, still leaves some people with distressing symptoms and/or disabling adverse effects. Safer and more effective health care interventions are needed. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) has been used to treat mental health disorders, including schizophrenia, for more than 2000 years. Chinese herbs may also have antipsychotic properties when used in a Western biomedical context. In this review we sought and found trials relevant to the effects of both approaches for schizophrenia. Traditional Chinese medicine methodology has been evaluated for schizophrenia, but the one included study was too limited in terms of sample size and study length to guide good practice. However, this pioneering study does show that TCM can be evaluated for its efficacy for people with schizophrenia , and should encourage trialists to undertake further, more comprehensive trials in this area. The use of Chinese herbs in a Western medicine context, without incorporating TCM methodology, has been evaluated in six trials, although again these are limited by their sample size and study length. The results of these six trials suggest that using Chinese herbs alone for psychotic symptoms may not be indicated, but if used in conjunction with Western antipsychotic drugs, they may be beneficial in terms of mental state, global functioning and decrease of adverse effects. However, further trials are needed before the effects of TCM for people with schizophrenia can be evaluated with any real confidence.
Fetal pulse oximetry for fetal assessment in labour; Abstract - Background The use of conventional cardiotocographic (CTG) monitoring of fetal well‐being during labour is associated with an increased caesarean section rate, compared with intermittent auscultation of the fetal heart rate, resulting in a reduction in neonatal seizures, although no differences in other neonatal outcomes. To improve the sensitivity of this test and therefore reduce the number of caesarean sections performed for nonreassuring fetal status, several additional measures of evaluating fetal well‐being have been considered. These have demonstrated some effect on reducing caesarean section rates, for example, fetal scalp blood sampling for pH estimation/lactate measurement. The adaptation of pulse oximetry for use in the unborn fetus could potentially contribute to improved evaluation during labour and therefore lead to a reduction in caesarean sections for nonreassuring fetal status, without any change in neonatal outcomes. Objectives To compare the effectiveness and safety of fetal intrapartum pulse oximetry with other surveillance techniques. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 May 2014), contacted experts in the field and searched reference lists of retrieved studies. In previous versions of this review, we performed additional searches of MEDLINE, Embase and Current Contents. These searches were discontinued for this review update, as they consistently failed to identify any trials that were not shown in the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register. Selection criteria All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials that compared maternal and fetal outcomes when fetal pulse oximetry was used in labour, (i) with or without concurrent use of conventional fetal surveillance, that is, cardiotocography (CTG), compared with using CTG alone or (ii) with or without concurrent use of both CTG and other method(s) of fetal surveillance, such as fetal electrocardiography (ECG) plus CTG. Data collection and analysis At least two independent review authors performed data extraction. We sought additional information from the investigators of three of the reported trials. Main results We included seven published trials: six comparing fetal pulse oximetry and CTG with CTG alone (or when fetal pulse oximetry values were blinded) and one comparing fetal pulse oximetry plus CTG with fetal ECG plus CTG. The published trials, with some unpublished data, were at high risk of bias in terms of the impractical nature of blinding participants and clinicians, as well as high risk or unclear risk of bias for outcome assessor for all but one report. Selection bias, attrition bias, reporting bias and other sources of bias were of low or unclear risk. The trials reported on a total of 8013 pregnancies. Differing entry criteria necessitated separate analyses, rather than meta‐analysis of all trials. Systematic review of four trials from 34 weeks not requiring fetal blood sampling (FBS) prior to study entry showed no evidence of differences in the overall caesarean section rate between those monitored with fetal oximetry and those not monitored with fetal pulse oximetry or for whom the fetal pulse oximetry results were masked (average risk ratio (RR) 0.99 using random‐effects, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.86 to 1.13, n = 4008, I² = 45%). There was evidence of a higher risk of caesarean section in the group with fetal oximetry plus CTG than in the group with fetal ECG plus CTG (one study, n = 180, RR 1.56, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.29). Neonatal seizures and neonatal encephalopathy were rare in both groups. No studies reported details of long‐term disability. There was evidence of a decrease in caesarean section for nonreassuring fetal status in the fetal pulse oximetry plus CTG group compared to the CTG group, gestation from 34 weeks (average RR (random‐effects) 0.65, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.90, n = 4008, I² = 63%). There was no evidence of differences between groups in caesarean section for dystocia, although the overall incidence rates varied between the trials. Authors' conclusions The addition of fetal pulse oximetry does not reduce overall caesarean section rates. One study found a higher caesarean section rate in the group monitored with fetal pulse oximetry plus CTG, compared with fetal ECG plus CTG. The data provide limited support for the use of fetal pulse oximetry when used in the presence of a nonreassuring CTG, to reduce caesarean section for nonreassuring fetal status. A better method than pulse oximetry is required to enhance the overall evaluation of fetal well‐being in labour. Plain language summary Fetal pulse oximetry for fetal assessment in labour Using fetal pulse oximetry to assess the baby's well‐being during labour does not change overall caesarean section rates. During labour, the well‐being of the baby can be assessed intermittently using a Pinard stethoscope or hand‐held monitor to listen to the heart rate, or continuously using cardiotocography (CTG), sometimes called electronic fetal monitoring (EFM). There are also additional tests that can be used if the baby is thought to be getting short of oxygen, like testing the baby's blood in a sample taken from the baby's head or bottom, or through the recording of the electrical activity of the heart using an electrocardiogram (ECG). Fetal pulse oximetry measures how much oxygen the baby's blood is carrying. It uses a probe that sits on the baby's head whilst in the uterus and vagina during labour. The probe is said not to interfere with the woman's mobility during labour. This review looked at fetal pulse oximetry and found trials that used it in conjunction with a CTG. We compared the outcomes for this combined oximetry and CTG, with outcomes where only the CTG had been used, or a combination of CTG and fetal ECG had been used. The review identified seven trials involving 8013 women. Fetal pulse oximetry plus CTG showed no difference in caesarean section rates overall, nor any difference in the mother's or newborn's health, compared with CTG alone. If there was concern about the baby's well‐being before the fetal pulse oximetry probe was placed, the use of fetal pulse oximetry reduced caesarean sections performed for the baby's well‐being. The one trial of oximetry with CTG compared with CTG and fetal ECG showed an increase in the caesarean rate in the oximetry group. In two of the trials, the company making the fetal pulse oximetry machines provided some funding. A better method than fetal pulse oximetry is needed for checking on the well‐being of the baby during labour.
Weight loss interventions for chronic asthma; Abstract - Background Asthma and obesity are both public health problems with increasing prevalence globally. Several epidemiological studies have shown an association between asthma and obesity, however there is no good quality evidence on the effect of weight loss on asthma control. Objectives To assess the effect of various interventions for weight loss on measures of asthma control and weight loss amongst overweight or obese patients with chronic asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group's Specialized Register of Trials (CAGR) (derived from systematic searches of bibliographic databases, including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library ), MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, AMED and PsycINFO, and handsearching of respiratory journals and meeting abstracts). We also searched ongoing trials web sites and dissertation databases up to March 2012. We contacted experts in the field and searched reference lists for additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of weight loss interventions for overweight or obese participants with asthma compared to either no intervention for weight loss or an alternative weight loss intervention. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed study eligibility and risk of bias, and extracted data using a data extraction form. We did not undertake any meta‐analysis as there were no suitable data to combine. Main results We included four completed studies conducted amongst adults (n = 197). Two were published as abstracts, and two as full articles. Interventions included supervised physical activity, low calorie diet and anti‐obesity drugs (singly or in combination), and were compared to usual care (two studies), low calorie diet (one study), while one study had three intervention arms (physical activity versus low calorie diet versus a combination of the two). Two studies were conducted in high‐income countries, while two were conducted in upper, middle‐income countries. All studies had an unclear risk of selection and a high risk of detection bias. One of the studies found a statistically significant reduction in symptoms scores in treatment compared to control groups: the difference between groups in total St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) score was −10 units (95% CI ‐18 to−1; P = 0.02). One study showed reduction in doses of rescue medication in treatment compared with control groups in the short term. Weight loss was associated with some improvement in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and forced vital capacity (FVC) in one study, which was statistically significant, but clinically unimportant; there was no improvement in peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR). No data were reported on health care utilization and adverse effects. One study reported statistically significant weight loss in the treatment group compared to controls with no intervention, which was still significant at one year follow‐up. Authors' conclusions Implications for practice    This review found one randomized trial that showed that weight loss may be beneficial for improving asthma control in overweight and obese patients, in conjunction with weight loss in intervention groups in the short term. Applying the GRADE system to the results of this review however, shows that the quality of evidence is low, because although all four studies are RCTs there were serious methodological limitations in the studies (unclear risk of selection bias and high risk of detection bias) and imprecision (small sample size). There is inadequate evidence to comment on the effect of weight loss interventions on quality of life and health care utilization. In addition, there was inadequate reporting of data on adverse effects to permit proper balancing of harms and benefits of the interventions. On account of this low quality of evidence, the benefit of weight loss as an intervention for asthma control remains uncertain, and as such, clinicians should be prepared to help patients to make a decision that is consistent with their own values. Implications for research    The finding that most of the included studies were of low methodological quality highlights the need for further well designed RCTs, with emphasis on adequate methods of allocation sequence generation as well as allocation concealment and longer follow‐up periods. These studies need to report more fully on relevant outcomes (both statistically significant and otherwise) such as: asthma symptoms/control, use of rescue medication, change in lung function parameters (actual mean/median values), hospital utilization, quality of life, and adverse effects. There is also a need for longer intervention as well as follow‐up durations to evaluate the effect of sustained measures to achieve weight loss, and to determine if these effects are still significantly present after a considerable period of time. There is also a need for these well designed studies in children and adolescents, as well as in low‐income countries such as Africa, where the prepackaged, low energy diets, as well as structured physical activity‐based interventions utilized in these included studies, may not be feasible or applicable. Plain language summary Do weight loss programs have beneficial effects on asthma outcomes in people with asthma? Asthma is a disease affecting people of all races ages and gender. People with asthma experience recurrent episodes of cough, chest tightness or shortness of breath, which may limit daily activities. In the past few decades, research has shown that people who are overweight or obese are more likely to have asthma as well as have severe symptoms. This review sought to find out if weight loss interventions in overweight or obese patients with asthma, improve asthma control, as well as achieved weight loss. We included four studies made up of a total of 197 participants from four countries (Brazil, Finland, Mexico and Australia) in the review. Interventions included low energy diets, anti‐obesity drugs and physical activity, either singly or in combination. Studies had a high risk of bias and results show that weight loss interventions produced weight loss in treatment compared to control groups. Weight loss was also associated with improvement in symptoms, reduction in need for reliever medication in the short term and some improvement in lung function. There was inadequate data to comment on the effect of the intervention on quality of life, health care utilization and adverse effects. Better designed and reported studies are needed, especially in children and in resource constrained countries such as Africa, where the prepackaged, low energy diets, as well as structured physical activity‐based interventions utilized in these included studies, may not be feasible or applicable.
Percutaneous transluminal rotational atherectomy for coronary artery disease; Abstract - Background This is an update of the review on 'Percutaneous transluminal rotational atherectomy for coronary artery disease' first published in  The Cochrane Library  Issue 4, 2003. Percutaneous transluminal coronary rotational atherectomy (PTCRA) debulks atherosclerotic plaque from coronary arteries using an abrasive burr. On rotation, the burr selectively removes hard tissue. PTCRA has been used both as an alternative to and in conjunction with balloon angioplasty to open up blocked coronary arteries. Its ongoing effectiveness and safety compared with other modes of removing atherosclerotic plaques is reviewed.  Objectives To assess the effects of PTCRA for coronary artery disease in patients with non‐complex and complex lesions (e.g. ostial, long or diffuse lesions or those arising from in‐stent re‐stenosis) of the coronary arteries. Search methods For the original review, we searched the Heart Group Specialised Register;  The Cochrane Library  to Issue 2, 2001; and MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE and Current Contents to December 2002 and reviewed reference lists for relevant articles. For the current review, we searched the same registries from 2002 to 2012 and reviewed reference lists for relevant articles.  Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials of PTCRA compared with placebo, no treatment or another intervention and excluded cross‐over trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the studies identified. Data were extracted independently by two review authors. We asked authors of trials to provide information when missing data were encountered. Statistical summaries used risk ratios (RR) and weighted mean differences. Main results We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes of PTCRA in non‐complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re‐stenosis rates at six months (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year (RR 1.21; 95% CI 0.95 to 1.55) in those receiving PTCRA with adjunctive balloon angioplasty (PTCA) (PTCRA/PTCA) compared to those receiving PTCA alone. Morphological characteristics distinguishing complex lesions have not been examined in parallel‐arm randomised controlled trials. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in‐stent re‐stenosis is unclear Compared to angioplasty alone, PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in‐hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% CI 0.86 to 1.90). Compared to angioplasty, PTCRA was associated with nine times the risk of an angiographically detectable vascular spasm (RR 9.23; 95% CI 4.61 to 18.47), four times the risk of perforation (RR 4.28; 95% CI 0.92 to 19.83) and about twice the risk of transient vessel occlusions (RR 2.49; 95% CI 1.25 to 4.99) while angiographic dissections (RR 0.48; 95% CI 0.34 to 0.68) and stents used as a bailout procedure (RR 0.29; 95% CI 0.09 to 0.87) were less common. Authors' conclusions When conventional PTCA is feasible, PTCRA appears to confer no additional benefits. There is limited published evidence and no long‐term data to support the routine use of PTCRA in in‐stent re‐stenosis. Compared to angioplasty alone, PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a higher incidence of major adverse cardiac events, but patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, or those with lesions that fail PTCA), PTCRA may achieve satisfactory re‐vascularisation in subsequent procedures. Plain language summary Percutaneous transluminal rotational atherectomy for coronary artery disease Atherosclerosis is the build‐up of fat and other substances within blood vessels. Several methods are used to remove this build‐up including a procedure known as percutaneous transluminalcoronary rotational atherectomy (PTCRA). PTCRA utilises small rotating devices to selectively remove the build‐up of atherosclerotic plaques from within coronary vessels. This review sought to determine whether PTCRA leads to improved patient outcomes compared to balloon angioplasty. It was important to do this review as it is not known whether or not PTCRA provides greater benefits to patients compared to balloon angioplasty.  The review analysed data from 12 studies, which showed that there is limited evidence to support the routine use of PTCRA for in‐stent re‐stenosis; however, only for those people who were not suitable for surgery. For those with complex lesions, PTCRA may provide some benefit in comparison to balloon angioplasty. The review also showed that patients receiving PTCRA were more likely to have perforations during the procedure compared to patients receiving balloon angioplasty. This review was limited by the small number of studies and deficiency of data reported in some of the studies.
Chinese medicinal herbs to treat the side‐effects of chemotherapy in breast cancer patients; Abstract - Background Short term side‐effects of chemotherapy include fatigue, nausea, vomiting, mucositis and myelosuppression or neutropenia. These occur during the course of treatment and generally resolve within months of completion of chemotherapy. A variety of Chinese medicinal herbs have been used for managing these side effects. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of Chinese medicinal herbs in alleviating chemotherapy‐induced short term side effects in breast cancer patients. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Breast Cancer Specialised Register (15/02/2007), The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); (The Cochrane Library 2006, Issue 4); MEDLINE (1966 to December 2006); EMBASE (1990 to December 2006); and Chinese Biomedical Literature (2006, Issue 4). A number of journals were hand searched. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing chemotherapy with or without Chinese herbs in women with breast cancer. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted the data, which were analysed using RevMan 4.2. For dichotomous data, we estimated the relative risk. For continuous data, we calculated the weighted mean difference. Main results We identified seven randomised controlled trials involving 542 breast cancer patients undergoing or having recently undergone chemotherapy. All studies were conducted and published in China. We did not pool the results because few studies were identified and no more than two used the same intervention. All were of low quality and used CMH plus chemotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone. CMH combined with chemotherapy showed no statistically significant difference for the outcomes of phlebitis and alopecia. Only one study showed an improvement in nausea and vomiting, and in fatigue. Three indicated an improvement in white blood cells in the group receiving CMH. Two showed an increase in percentage changes in T‐lymphocyte subsets CD4 and CD8. One study showed a statistically significant difference for CMH in percentage changes in T‐lymphocyte subsets CD3, CD4 and CD8. Two herbal compounds may have improved quality of life. One study reported that CMH may have some effect on reducing toxicity in liver and kidney, but differences were not statistically significant. Authors' conclusions This review provides limited evidence about the effectiveness and safety of Chinese medicinal herbs in alleviating chemotherapy induced short term side effects. Chinese medicinal herbs, when used together with chemotherapy, may offer some benefit to breast cancer patients in terms of bone marrow improvement and quality of life, but the evidence is too limited to make any confident conclusions. Well designed clinical trials are required before any conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness and safety of CHM in the management of breast cancer patients. Plain language summary Chinese medicinal herbs for the treatment of side‐effects from chemotherapy in breast cancer patients Chinese medicinal herbs (CMH) include any mixture of herbal compounds and decoction (the process by which herbs are boiled and remaining liquid used for health purposes), including the development of herbal formulae and injections, and capsules. Although CMH are used to counteract the side effects of chemotherapy (cancer treatment with chemical agents that are selectively destructive to malignant cells and tissues) in patients being treated for cancer, the evidence for their use for women with breast cancer has not been ascertained. The purpose of this systematic review was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of CMH in alleviating chemotherapy‐induced short term side effects for women either undergoing chemotherapy or having recently undergone chemotherapy. Short term side effects are those that occur during the course of the treatment and generally resolve within months of the completion of the therapy and affect up to 60% of patients.They include nausea and vomiting, mucositis (inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract from the mouth down to the anus caused by chemotherapy); neutropenia (a decrease in white blood cells caused by chemotherapy); myelosuppression (a condition in which bone marrow activity is decreased, resulting in fewer red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets), and fatigue (loss of energy and tirdness). This review found seven randomised studies involving 542 breast cancer patients addressing this question. These studies used six different herbal remedies to treat the side effects of chemotherapy, all used CMH plus chemotherapy as the intervention compared with chemotherapy alone. The results suggest that using Chinese herbs in conjunction with chemotherapy or CHM alone may be beneficial in terms of improvement in marrow suppression and Immune sytstem, and may improve overall state of quality of life. However, further trials are needed before the effects of TCM for people with breast cancer can be evaluated with any real confidence.There was no evidence of any harms of CMH.
Effects of glucocorticoids on radiological progression in rheumatoid arthritis; Abstract - Background Glucocorticoid use in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is widespread. Two Cochrane Reviews have been published examining the short term clinical benefit of low dose glucocorticoids compared to non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs and demonstrate good short term and medium term clinical benefits. The possibility that glucocorticoids may have a fundamental 'disease modifying' effect in RA, which would be seen by a reduction in the rate of radiological progression, has been raised by several authors. Objectives To perform a systematic review of studies evaluating glucocorticoid efficacy in inhibiting the progression of radiological damage in rheumatoid arthritis. Search methods A search of MEDLINE (from 1966 to 22 February 2005) and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was undertaken, using the terms 'corticosteroids' and 'rheumatoid arthritis' expanded according to the Cochrane Collaboration recommendations. Identified abstracts were reviewed and appropriate reports obtained in full. Additional reports were identified from the reference lists and from expert knowledge. Selection criteria Randomized controlled or cross‐over trials in adults with a diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis in which prednisone or a similar glucocorticoid preparation was compared to either placebo controls or active controls (i.e. comparative studies) and where there was evaluation of radiographs of hands, or hands and feet, or feet by any standardised technique. Eligible studies had at least one treatment arm with glucocorticoids and one without glucocorticoids. Data collection and analysis Standardised data extraction obtained the mean and standard deviation (SD) of change in erosion scores over 1 year or 2 years. (Where SD for change was not given a conservative estimate was taken from baseline data.) At least two authors selected the studies and extracted the data. Radiographic erosion scores were expressed as a percentage of the maximum possible score for the method used. The results were pooled after weighting in a random effects model to provide a standardised mean difference (SMD). Main results The initial search produced 217 citations, and 15 were added from experts, abstracts and review of reference lists. Authors of 4 trials being prepared for publication (and subsequently published) kindly shared their data. After application of eligibility criteria 15 studies and 1,414 patients were included. The majority of trials studied early RA (disease duration up to 2 years), and the mean cumulative dose of glucocorticoid was 2,300 mg prednisone equivalent (range 270 mg ‐ 5,800 mg) over the first year. Glucocorticoids were mostly added to other disease modifying anti‐rheumatoid drug (DMARD) treatment. The standardised mean difference in progression was 0.40 in favour of glucocorticoids (95% CI 0.27, 0.54). In studies lasting 2 years (806 patients included), the standardised mean difference in progression in favour of glucocorticoids at 1 year was 0.45 (0.24, 0.66) and at 2 years was 0.42 (0.30, 0.55). All studies except one showed a numerical treatment effect in favour of glucocorticoids. The beneficial effects of glucocorticoids were generally achieved when used in conjunction with other DMARD treatment. Authors' conclusions Even in the most conservative estimate, the evidence that glucocorticoids given in addition to standard therapy can substantially reduce the rate of erosion progression in rheumatoid arthritis is convincing. There remains concern about potential long‐term adverse reactions to glucocorticoid therapy, such as increased cardiovascular risk, and this issue requires further research. Plain language summary Glucocorticoids for rheumatoid arthritis This summary of a Cochrane review presents what we know from research about the effect of low dose glucocorticoid pills, such as prednisone, on the progress of rheumatoid arthritis. The review shows that: In people with rheumatoid arthritis, low dose glucocorticoid pills: ‐ reduce the progression of the disease on x‐rays over 1 to 2 years. This result is based on high quality evidence. This benefit occurred in people already taking a disease‐modifying anti‐rheumatoid drug (DMARD) and therefore this benefit is over and above any benefits from the DMARDs.     These results were true in people that had rheumatoid arthritis for less than 2 years. It seems likely that glucocorticoids would have the same effect in people who have had rheumatoid for 3 to 4 years, but it is not known whether this is true in people who have had it for longer. The long term effects of glucocorticoids are not known. What is rheumatoid arthritis and why use glucocorticoids?    Rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the body's immune system attacks its own healthy tissues. The attack happens mostly in the joints (especially in the hands and feet) and causes redness, pain, swelling and heat in the joint (inflammation). Glucocorticoids are also known as glucocorticosteroids, or sometimes just 'steroids', although there are many other types of steroids. They are taken as pills for up to 7 months and have already been shown to improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis. There is however still some concern about the long term harms, such as heart problems, when taking glucocorticoids. Rheumatoid arthritis also breaks down and erodes away the cartilage and bones in the affected joints. This erosion cannot be seen and is measured by x‐rays. More erosion on an x‐ray usually means that the disease is progressing or worsening. There is some debate about whether glucocorticoids can slow the erosion and the progression of the disease. What are the effects of glucocorticoids on the progress of rheumatoid arthritis?    The studies looked at people who had rheumatoid for up to 2 years. Low doses of glucocorticoid pills were taken and usually with a disease‐modifying anti‐rheumatoid drug (DMARD). Glucocorticoids reduce progression of the disease on x‐rays over 1 to 2 years. This result is based on high quality evidence. Harms were not reviewed. We often do not have precise information about side effects and complications. This is particularly true for rare but serious side effects and long term side effects. Low doses of glucocorticoids may not lead to side effects, but possible side effects may include osteoporosis or heart problems.
Nitrous oxide‐based versus nitrous oxide‐free general anaesthesia and accidental awareness during general anaesthesia in surgical patients; Abstract - Background Accidental awareness during general anaesthesia (AAGA) is when a patient unintentionally becomes conscious during a procedure performed with general anaesthesia and subsequently has explicit recall of this event. Incidence estimates for AAGA vary, with the most common estimate being one to two cases per 1000 general anaesthetics. Evidence linking nitrous oxide use and an increased risk of AAGA has come from observational studies data but the literature is contradictory, with some studies finding a protective effect of nitrous oxide. Objectives To assess the effect of general anaesthesia including nitrous oxide on the risk of AAGA in patients aged five years and over. Search methods We searched the following databases: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE and trial registers (( www.clinicaltrials.gov ), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( www.who.int/ictrp/network/en/ ) and Current Controlled Trials ( www.isrctn.com/ )) for eligible studies on December 9 2015. In addition, we conducted forward and backward citation searching using key identified papers. Selection criteria We considered all randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including quasi‐randomized studies and cluster‐randomized studies, of participants aged five years or older receiving general anaesthesia for any type of surgery. We included trials in which participants receiving general anaesthesia that included nitrous oxide for maintenance at a concentration of at least 30% were compared with participants receiving no nitrous oxide during general anaesthesia. The intervention group must have received nitrous oxide in conjunction with an additional anaesthetic. We excluded studies where the depth of anaesthesia differed between the study arms. For inclusion in the review, studies needed to state in their methods that they planned to assess AAGA. We defined this as when a patient becomes conscious during a procedure performed with general anaesthesia and subsequently has explicit recall of this event. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane to identify studies. We extracted data and conducted 'Risk of bias' assessment using the Covidence database. Main results We included 15 studies. The total number of participants included in the analyses was 3520. Most studies were small with fewer than 120 participants, although two larger studies with 2012 and 671 participants were included. There was considerable variation in many of the study characteristics, including the anaesthetics used. The concentrations of nitrous oxide varied between 50% and 70%, and half of the studies used clinical signs and haemodynamic changes to monitor depth of anaesthesia. As it was not possible to blind the anaesthetist to the anaesthetic used, we rated all studies at high risk of performance bias and we therefore downgraded the quality of evidence by one level for risk of bias using the GRADE approach. Other types of bias were generally low, or were rated unclear due to missing information. No studies were designed to measure AAGA as the primary outcome, and were therefore statistically underpowered to answer this review question. Despite the inclusion of 3520 participants, only three awareness events were reported by two studies. In one study the event was due to technical failure. Due to the rarity of the events, we did not consider it appropriate to pool the data, and we therefore downgraded the quality of evidence by a further level for imprecision using GRADE. Authors' conclusions It is not possible to draw any conclusions from this review. The included studies were mainly small (fewer than 120 participants) and there were limited estimates of effect, with only two studies reporting any events. We cannot therefore determine whether the use of nitrous oxide in general anaesthesia increases, decreases or has no effect on the risk of accidental awareness. Plain language summary Nitrous oxide‐based versus nitrous oxide‐free general anaesthesia and accidental awareness during general anaesthesia in surgical patients Review question We reviewed the evidence about the effect of nitrous oxide used as part of a general anaesthesia on the risk of accidental awareness during anaesthesia in people over the age of five years undergoing surgery. Background Accidental awareness during general anaesthetic is when a person accidentally becomes conscious during surgery, performed with general anaesthesia, and can remember the event once they have woken up. Accidental awareness is an uncommon event, but it can be extremely distressing for the patient and the doctors. There is some evidence suggesting that use of nitrous oxide may increase the risk of accidental awareness. However, the literature is contradictory, with some studies finding no difference and others a decreased risk of awareness in persons anaesthetized with nitrous oxide. Search date We searched for studies in December 2015. Study characteristics and key results We included 15 studies. The studies covered 3520 people. Although most studies were small with fewer than 120 participants, there were two larger studies with 2012 and 671 participants included. There was a great variation in many of the important elements among the studies, including the type of anaesthetics used and the levels of nitrous oxide used. No study was designed to measure accidental awareness, but rather they measured it as a secondary outcome. Although there were 3520 participants included in the studies, there were only three reports of a participant becoming aware. These were reported in two studies, and one was thought to be due to an error in the anaesthetic procedure. Nine studies reported where the funds for the research were obtained. Two were funded by pharmaceutical companies, suggesting a potential bias, whereas five were funded through Universities or Government health research grants or a charity, limiting the risk of bias. The remaining two studies reported that there was no conflict of interest, also reducing the risk of bias in these studies. Quality of the evidence Due to safety issues, all of the anaesthetists had to know what anaesthesia was being used. However, this means that the study results may have been biased. Other indicators suggested a low risk of bias, or an unclear risk because of missing information. The quality of the evidence is also low due to the lack of reports of a participant becoming aware. Conclusions It is not possible to draw any conclusions from this review. The included studies were mainly too small, and only two studies reported any events. The review question is inadequately supported by the lack of strong evidence. The effect of nitrous oxide is hardly observed due to the small sample size.
Antivirals for idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss; Abstract - Background Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss (ISSHL) is characterised by sudden loss of hearing of cochlear or retro‐cochlear origin without an identifiable cause. Antivirals are commonly prescribed, but there is no consensus on the treatment regimen or their effectiveness. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and side effect profile of antivirals in the treatment of ISSHL. Search methods We systematically searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 5), PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL and other databases to 12 June 2012. We also scanned the reference lists of identified studies for further trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing different antivirals versus placebo (both with or without other treatment). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data, met to resolve disagreements and contacted study authors for further information. We assessed study risk of bias independently. We considered meta‐analysis inappropriate and ultimately not possible due to differing treatment protocols of varying dose and duration, together with differing inclusion criteria and outcome measures between studies. The results of each study are reported individually. Main results We included four randomised trials (257 participants). The overall risk of bias in the included studies was low. Two trials compared the addition of intravenous acyclovir to a steroid (prednisolone). One included 43 participants, the other 70 patients. Neither demonstrated any hearing improvement with ISSHL. Another (84 patients) did not show any statistically significant difference between groups with the addition of valacyclovir to prednisolone (compared to steroid plus placebo) with respect to change in pure‐tone audiogram. Comparing the addition of intravenous acyclovir to hydrocortisone with hydrocortisone alone, the final trial did not show any statistically significant difference between groups (60 patients). No trial documented any serious adverse effects related to the use of antiviral treatment. One study reported slight to moderate nausea equally in the acyclovir and placebo groups (one patient in each). Another reported insomnia, nervousness and weight gain with valacyclovir (number not specified). Even though no meta‐analysis was possible, evidence from the four RCTs has demonstrated no statistically significant advantage in the use of antivirals in the treatment of ISSHL. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence to support the use of antiviral drugs in the treatment of ISSHL. The four trials included in this review were, however, small and with a low risk of bias. Further randomised controlled trials with larger patient populations, using standardised inclusion criteria, antiviral regimes and outcome measures, are needed in order for adequate meta‐analysis to be performed to reach definitive conclusions. A uniform definition of ISSHL should also be established, together with what constitutes adequate recovery. Plain language summary Antiviral drugs for sudden hearing loss (without known cause) Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss (ISSHL) is sudden loss of hearing where clinical assessment has failed to reveal a cause. Patients may also suffer from additional symptoms such as tinnitus (a background ringing noise), together with dizziness and a sensation of fullness in the ear. Prompt investigation is essential to identify and treat the hearing impairment. In a large proportion of patients, however, no cause can be found. Antiviral drugs are often used, usually in conjunction with steroids, to treat sudden hearing loss of unknown cause, based on the theory that the deafness is caused by a viral infection. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which compared treatment of sudden hearing loss with antiviral drugs (either alone or in combination with another treatment) with placebo or no antiviral drug, in patients of any age. We found four RCTs (257 patients). The overall risk of bias in the studies was low. All four trials compared steroid treatment (either alone or plus a placebo drug) with steroid plus antiviral treatment. None of the trials found a statistically significant difference between groups. No trial documented any serious adverse effects related to using antiviral treatments. One study reported slight to moderate nausea equally in the acyclovir and placebo groups (one patient in each), both attributable to the steroid treatment. Another reported insomnia, nervousness and weight gain with valacyclovir (number not specified). The effectiveness of antiviral drugs in the treatment of sudden hearing loss of unknown origin is questionable. Certainly, this review of the clinical trials did not identify any substantial evidence to support their use. Further research is required with larger patient numbers and standardised inclusion criteria, antiviral regimes and outcome measures.
Surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in term and late preterm infants; Abstract - Background Surfactant replacement therapy has been proven beneficial in the prevention and treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). The deficiency of surfactant or surfactant dysfunction may contribute to respiratory failure in a broader group of disorders, including meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS). Objectives To evaluate the effect of surfactant administration in the treatment of late preterm and term infants with meconium aspiration syndrome. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 4, 2006), MEDLINE and EMBASE (1985 to December 2006), previous reviews including cross‐references, abstracts, conference and symposia proceedings, expert informants, and journal handsearching, without language restrictions. We contacted study authors for additional data. We ran an updated search in November 2014 and searched the following sites for ongoing or recently completed trials: www.clinicaltrials.gov; www.controlled‐trials.com; and www.who.int/ictrp. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials which evaluated the effect of surfactant administration in late preterm and term infants with meconium aspiration syndrome are included in the analyses. Data collection and analysis We extracted data on clinical outcomes including mortality, treatment with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), pneumothorax, duration of assisted ventilation, duration of supplemental oxygen, intraventricular haemorrhage (any grade and severe IVH), and chronic lung disease. We conducted data analyses in accordance with the standards of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. Main results Four randomised controlled trials met our inclusion criteria. The meta‐analysis of four trials (326 infants) showed no statistically significant effect on mortality [typical risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.41 to 2.39; typical risk difference (RD) ‐0.00, 95% CI ‐0.05 to 0.05]. There was no heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 0% for both RR and RD). The risk of requiring extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was significantly reduced in a meta‐analysis of two trials (n = 208); [typical RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.91; typical RD ‐0.17, 95% CI ‐0.30 to ‐0.04; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6, 95% CI 3 to 25]. There was no heterogeneity for RR (1² = 0%) but moderate heterogeneity for RD (I² = 50%). One trial (n = 40) reported a statistically significant reduction in the length of hospital stay (mean difference ‐8 days, 95% CI ‐14 to ‐3 days; test for heterogeneity not applicable). There were no statistically significant reductions in any other outcomes studied (duration of assisted ventilation, duration of supplemental oxygen, pneumothorax, pulmonary interstitial emphysema, air leaks, chronic lung disease, need for oxygen at discharge or intraventricular haemorrhage). Authors' conclusions In infants with MAS, surfactant administration may reduce the severity of respiratory illness and decrease the number of infants with progressive respiratory failure requiring support with ECMO. The relative efficacy of surfactant therapy compared to, or in conjunction with, other approaches to treatment including inhaled nitric oxide, liquid ventilation, surfactant lavage and high frequency ventilation remains to be tested. Plain language summary Surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in term and late preterm infants Lay title: Surfactant treatment for infants who have inhaled meconium into the lungs in or around the time of birth Review question: Does the administration of surfactant improve lung function and lead to better clinical outcomes in infants born at or near term who have inhaled meconium in or around the time of birth? Background: The lungs of newborn babies can be damaged by meconium aspiration syndrome. Meconium aspiration syndrome is caused when a stressed baby passes a bowel movement while still in the womb and then breathes some of this material into the lungs. Pulmonary surfactant, the complex combination of chemicals that line the surface of the lung, may be altered or inactivated in babies who have meconium aspiration. It is thought that treatment with additional surfactant might help overcome this damage. Study characteristics: Four randomised controlled trials enrolling 326 infants met our inclusion criteria. Results: This review of trials found that surfactant can prevent worsening of breathing difficulties and reduce the need for heart‐lung bypass therapy in some babies suffering from meconium aspiration syndrome .
Singing for adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Abstract - Background Singing is a complex physical activity dependent on the use of the lungs for air supply to regulate airflow and create large lung volumes. In singing, exhalation is active and requires active diaphragm contraction and good posture. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a progressive, chronic lung disease characterised by airflow obstruction. Singing is an activity with potential to improve health outcomes in people with COPD. Objectives To determine the effect of singing on health‐related quality of life and dyspnoea in people with COPD. Search methods We identified trials from the Cochrane Airways Specialised Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization trials portal and PEDro, from their inception to August 2017. We also reviewed reference lists of all primary studies and review articles for additional references. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials in people with stable COPD, in which structured supervised singing training of at least four sessions over four weeks' total duration was performed. The singing could be performed individually or as part of a group (choir) facilitated by a singing leader. Studies were included if they compared: 1) singing versus no intervention (usual care) or another control intervention; or 2) singing plus pulmonary rehabilitation versus pulmonary rehabilitation alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened and selected trials for inclusion, extracted outcome data and assessed risk of bias. We contacted authors of trials for missing data. We calculated mean differences (MDs) using a random‐effects model. We were only able to analyse data for the comparison of singing versus no intervention or a control group. Main results Three studies (a total of 112 participants) were included. All studies randomised participants to a singing group or a control group. The comparison groups included a film workshop, handcraft work, and no intervention. The frequency of the singing intervention in the studies ranged from 1 to 2 times a week over a 6 to 24 week period. The duration of each singing session was 60 minutes. All studies included participants diagnosed with COPD with a mean age ranging from 67 to 72 years and a mean forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV 1 ) ranging from 37% to 64% of predicted values. The sample size of included studies was small (33 to 43 participants) and overall study quality was low to very low. Blinding of personnel and participants was not possible due to the physical nature of the intervention, and selection and reporting bias was present in two studies. For the primary outcome of health‐related quality of life, there was no statistically significant improvement in the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire total score (mean difference (MD) ‐0.82, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐4.67 to 3.02, 2 studies, n = 58, low‐quality evidence). However, there was a statistically significant improvement in the SF‐36 Physical Component Summary (PCS) score favouring the singing group (MD 12.64, 95% CI 5.50 to 19.77, 2 studies, n = 52, low‐quality evidence). Only one study reported results for the other primary outcome of dyspnoea, in which the mean improvement in Baseline Dyspnoea Index (BDI) score favouring the singing group was not statistically significant (MD 0.40, 95% CI ‐0.65 to 1.45, 1 study, n = 30, very low‐quality evidence). No studies examined any long‐term outcomes and no adverse events or side effects were reported. Authors' conclusions There is low to very low‐quality evidence that singing is safe for people with COPD and improves physical health (as measured by the SF‐36 physical component score), but not dyspnoea or respiratory‐specific quality of life. The evidence is limited due to the low number of studies and the small sample size of each study. No evidence exists examining the long‐term effect of singing for people with COPD. The absence of studies examining singing performed in conjunction with pulmonary rehabilitation precludes the formulation of conclusions about the effects of singing in this context. More randomised controlled trials with larger sample sizes and long‐term follow‐up, and trials examining the effect of singing in addition to pulmonary rehabilitation, are required to determine the effect of singing on health‐related quality of life and dyspnoea in people with COPD. Plain language summary Singing for COPD Singing uses the lungs to provide airflow to produce musical words or sounds with the voice. Singing can require a lot of effort for muscle contraction and co‐ordination. This may benefit people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in a manner similar to that of breathing exercises. Singing is said to be beneficial for health but we need evidence for this before it can be recommended specifically to address health conditions. We planned to examine whether singing had any effect on quality of life or breathlessness in people with COPD. We included three studies with a total of 112 participants. Participants were randomly assigned to singing training or to a non‐singing control group. The control groups were either a film workshop, handcraft work, or nothing at all. The singing was performed in groups, once to twice a week for one hour, for a minimum of six weeks. There was diversity in the results of the studies and we were unable to combine many results in 'meta‐analyses'. A meta‐analysis is a statistical analysis which combines the results of two or more separate studies to give a pooled result. Some studies showed improvements in some aspects of quality of life, while others showed no improvement. Breathlessness was only measured in one study and no improvement was found. The studies did not report whether any effects lasted for a long time after the singing training was completed. No studies reported any side effects from singing, so singing appears to be safe for people with COPD. The studies were of low quality due to the small number of participants and missing information about the methods and some of the outcomes. We were unable to find enough evidence to sufficiently determine the effect of singing in people with COPD. More studies are required and they should concentrate on enrolling larger numbers of people.
Mass media interventions for smoking cessation in adults; Abstract - Background Mass media tobacco control campaigns can reach large numbers of people. Much of the literature is focused on the effects of tobacco control advertising on young people, but there are also a number of evaluations of campaigns targeting adult smokers, which show mixed results. Campaigns may be local, regional or national, and may be combined with other components of a comprehensive tobacco control policy. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of mass media interventions in reducing smoking among adults. Search methods The Cochrane Tobacco Addiction Group search strategy was combined with additional searches for any studies that referred to tobacco/smoking cessation, mass media and adults. We also searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and a number of electronic databases. The last search was carried out in November 2016. Selection criteria Controlled trials allocating communities, regions or states to intervention or control conditions; interrupted time series. Adults, 25 years or older, who regularly smoke cigarettes. Studies which cover all adults as defined in studies were included. Mass media are defined here as channels of communication such as television, radio, newspapers, billboards, posters, leaflets or booklets intended to reach large numbers of people, and which are not dependent on person‐to‐person contact. The purpose of the mass media campaign must be primarily to encourage smokers to quit. They could be carried out alone or in conjunction with tobacco control programmes.  The primary outcome was change in smoking behaviour. This could be reported as changes in prevalence, changes in cigarette consumption, quit rates, or odds of being a smoker. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed all studies for inclusion criteria and for study quality (MB, LS, RTM). One author (MB) extracted data, and a second author (LS) checked them. Results were not pooled due to heterogeneity of the included studies and are presented narratively and in table form. Main results Eleven campaigns met the inclusion criteria for this review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow‐up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Some positive effects on prevalence in the whole population or in the subgroups were observed in three of the remaining seven studies. Three large‐scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. Among the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex‐smokers combined. Authors' conclusions There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. One state‐wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed positive results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). The intensity and duration of mass media campaigns may influence effectiveness, but length of follow‐up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender. Plain language summary Can tobacco control programmes that include a mass media campaign help to reduce levels of smoking among adults? Background Mass media programmes involve communication through television, radio, newspapers, billboards, posters, leaflets or booklets, with the aims of encouraging smokers to quit, and maintaining abstinence in non‐smokers. It is difficult to establish their role in this process and they require strict methodological design. Review question To assess the effectiveness of mass media interventions in reducing smoking among adults. Study characteristics We searched up until 30th November 2016, and found 11 relevant studies for this review. The numbers of participants varied between the included studies. All of the studies involved adults, although some studies also included younger people (14+ or 15+). Campaigns involved TV, radio, print media and billboard advertising. Studies differed in setting, duration, content of the intervention, length of observation, measures of smoking behaviour and the way of showing results. Two campaigns reported definite decreases in smoking prevalence, and some positive effects were observed in another three. Three large‐scale campaigns reported lower tobacco consumption. Three studies showed some positive effect in abstinence or quit rates. One study did not show significant decreases but did demonstrate an effect of the intervention on smokers and ex‐smokers combined. Key results Tobacco control programmes that include mass media campaigns may change smoking behaviour in adults, but the evidence comes from studies of variable quality and scale and often occur in an environment where there are other influences on smoking, making it hard to isolate the effects of the media campaign itself. No consistent patterns by age, education, ethnicity or gender were found. Quality of the evidence There were problems with the design and conduct of all of the studies, which clouded the evidence. It would help if future studies could include comparator communities where there are no mass media interventions taking place to get a better estimate of the effect of the mass media campaign.
Individual psychodynamic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis for schizophrenia and severe mental illness; Abstract - Background People with schizophrenia and severe mental illness may require considerable support from health care professionals, in most cases over a long period of time. Research on the effects of psychotherapy for schizophrenia has shown mixed results. Although pharmacological interventions remain the treatment of choice, the effects of treatments focusing on psychosocial factors affecting schizophrenia are important. Objectives To review the effects of psychodynamic psychotherapy, psychoanalysis, or both, for people with schizophrenia or severe mental illness. Search methods For the updated review, we searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials Register (June 2008) which is based on regular searches of BIOSIS, CENTRAL, CINAHL, EMBASE, MEDLINE and PsycINFO. Selection criteria We sought all randomised trials of individual psychodynamic psychotherapy or psychoanalysis for people with schizophrenia or severe mental illness. Data collection and analysis We extracted data independently. For dichotomous data we calculated relative risks (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) on an intention‐to‐treat basis using a fixed‐effect model. We calculated numbers needed to treat/harm (NNT/NNH) where appropriate. For continuous data, we calculated mean differences (MD) and weighted mean differences (WMD) using a fixed‐effect model. Main results We included four randomised trials (total 528 participants, 5 comparisons). All used a psychodynamic approach and reported limited data. For individual psychodynamic therapy versus medication alone we found significantly more participants in the therapy group were unable to be discharged (n=92, RR 8.35 CI 2.0 to 34.3, NNH 3 CI 2 to 6). We found no significant difference between groups in the number of participants who were re‐hospitalised (n=24, RR 0.63 CI 0.3 to 1.4) during long‐term analyses. At 12 months, fewer participants in the psychotherapy groups needed additional medications compared with those who did receive medication (n=74, RR 0.64 CI 0.5 to 0.8, NNT 3 CI 3 to 6), and also at three years follow up (n=87, RR 0.85 CI 0.8 to 1.0, NNT 7 CI 5 to 26). For individual psychodynamic therapy plus medication versus medication alone we found no significant difference in suicide (n=92, RR 0.16 CI 0.01 to 2.9) or suitability for discharge (n=92, RR 1.09 CI 0.2 to 7.4). Also, we found re‐hospitalisation rates in long‐term analyses were equivocal (n=24, RR 1.00 CI 0.4 to 2.6). For insight‐orientated psychodynamic psychotherapy versus reality adaptive psychotherapy we found no significant difference in re‐hospitalisation rates (n=164, RR 1.20 CI 0.9 to 1.6), but we found study attrition favoured the insight‐orientated psychodynamic psychotherapy group at 12 months (n=164, RR 0.46 CI 0.3 to 0.6, NNT 2 CI 2 to 4). For individual psychodynamic psychotherapy versus group psychotherapy we found no significant difference in global state 'not improved' (n=100, RR 1.27 CI 1.0 to 1.7). For individual psychodynamic therapy plus medication versus individual psychodynamic therapy we found rates of re‐hospitalisation during long‐term analyses were equivocal (n=24, RR 1.00 CI 0.4 to 2.6). There is no clear evidence of any positive effect of psychodynamic therapy and the possibility of adverse effects seems never to have been considered. We did not identify any trials using a psychoanalytic approach. Authors' conclusions Current data do not support the use of psychodynamic psychotherapy techniques for hospitalised people with schizophrenia. If psychoanalytic therapy is being used for people with schizophrenia there is an urgent need for trials. Plain language summary Individual psychodynamic psychotherapy and psychoanalysis for schizophrenia and severe mental illness Psychodynamic treatment is an intervention that can be classed as one of the 'talking' therapies. The relationship between the person seeking therapy and the therapist form the main component of the therapy. Its use for people with schizophrenia as a sole treatment, without medication, has not been evaluated very well, apart from four studies in the early 1970s and 1980s. It is clear from the limited studies available that medication is an important part of any treatment for people with psychotic illnesses and should be used in conjunction with any talking treatments.
Decision aids for people considering taking part in clinical trials; Abstract - Background Several interventions have been developed to promote informed consent for participants in clinical trials. However, many of these interventions focus on the content and structure of information (e.g. enhanced information or changes to the presentation format) rather than the process of decision making. Patient decision aids support a decision making process about medical options. Decision aids support the decision process by providing information about available options and their associated outcomes, alongside information that enables patients to consider what value they place on particular outcomes, and provide structured guidance on steps of decision making. They have been shown to be effective for treatment and screening decisions but evidence on their effectiveness in the context of informed consent for clinical trials has not been synthesised. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of decision aids for clinical trial informed consent compared to no intervention, standard information (i.e. usual practice) or an alternative intervention on the decision making process. Search methods We searched the following databases and to March 2015: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL),  The Cochrane Library ; MEDLINE (OvidSP) (from 1950); EMBASE (OvidSP) (from 1980); PsycINFO (OvidSP) (from 1806); ASSIA (ProQuest) (from 1987); WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (http://apps.who.int/trialsearch/); ClinicalTrials.gov; ISRCTN Register (http://www.controlled‐trials.com/isrctn/). We also searched reference lists of included studies and relevant reviews. We contacted study authors and other experts. There were no language restrictions. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing decision aids in the informed consent process for clinical trials alone, or in conjunction with standard information (such as written or verbal) or alongside alternative interventions (e.g. paper‐based versus web‐based decision aids). Included trials involved potential trial participants, or their guardians, being asked to consider participating in a real or hypothetical clinical trial. Data collection and analysis At least two authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted reported data and assessed risk of bias. Findings were pooled where appropriate. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome. Main results We identified one study (290 randomised participants) that investigated the effectiveness of decision aids compared to standard information in the informed consent process for clinical trials. This study reported two separate decision aid randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The decision aid trials were nested within two different parent trials focusing on breast cancer in postmenopausal women. One trial focused on informed consent for treatment in women who had previously had surgery for ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), the other on informed consent for prevention in women at high risk for breast cancer. Two different decision aids were used in these RCTs, and were compared with standard information. The pooled findings highlight the uncertainty surrounding most reported outcomes, including knowledge, decisional conflict, anxiety, trial participation and attrition. There was very low quality evidence that decision aids lower levels of decisional regret to a small degree (MD ‐5.53, 95% CI ‐10.29 to ‐0.76). No data were identified on several prespecified primary outcomes, including accurate risk perception, values‐based decision, or whether potential participants recognised that a decision needed to be made, were able to identify features of options that matter most to individuals, or were involved in the decision. Authors' conclusions There was insufficient evidence to determine whether decision aids to support the informed consent process for clinical trials are more effective than standard information. Additional well designed, adequately powered clinical trials in more diverse clinical and social populations are needed to strengthen the results of this review. More generally, future research on which outcomes are most relevant for assessment in this context would be helpful. Plain language summary Decision aids for people deciding about taking part in clinical trials We reviewed the evidence about the effect of specific tools, called decision aids, which aim to improve decision making in the informed consent process for people who are considering participating in a clinical trial. These tools were compared to the standard process used for informed consent in clinical trials. There is currently not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of decision aids in the informed consent process for clinical trials. In clinical trials, one healthcare treatment is compared to another treatment or to no treatment. Before potential participants sign a consent form where they agree to take part in a clinical trial they must be given information about what will be expected of them and what they can expect. Research has shown that this information is often not as good as it could be. For example, people often misunderstand the information they have been given. Decision aids, which are tools that assist people to think about what matters most to them, support decision making for treatment and screening. Presenting information about trial participation through decision aids might improve the informed consent process by improving participants' knowledge, certainty with the decision and enabling them to consider what matters most to them personally. We searched the literature for studies where potential trial participants were randomly allocated to receive decision aids, compared to no decision aids or to other types of information for informed consent. We found one study, which reported data from two separate decision aid trials, where people who were given a decision aid alongside standard information were compared to people who were given standard information alone. When data from these two trials were combined, the results were inconclusive and not able to show whether people given the decision aid had any more or less knowledge or uncertainty about their decision, or were more or less likely to participate in a trial, than the people who were only given standard information. However, people who used the decision aid may have felt less regret about their decision. Overall there was very low quality evidence to support these findings, which means that there may be uncertainty around the results, and therefore, further research is required.
HMG CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) for preventing acute kidney injury after surgical procedures requiring cardiac bypass; Abstract - Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common in patients undergoing cardiac surgery among whom it is associated with poor outcomes, prolonged hospital stays and increased mortality. Statin drugs can produce more than one effect independent of their lipid lowering effect, and may improve kidney injury through inhibition of postoperative inflammatory responses. Objectives This review aimed to look at the evidence supporting the benefits of perioperative statins for AKI prevention in hospitalised adults after surgery who require cardiac bypass. The main objectives were to 1) determine whether use of statins was associated with preventing AKI development; 2) determine whether use of statins was associated with reductions in in‐hospital mortality; 3) determine whether use of statins was associated with reduced need for RRT; and 4) determine any adverse effects associated with the use of statins. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group's Specialised Register to 13 January 2015 through contact with the Trials' Search Co‐ordinator using search terms relevant to this review. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared administration of statin therapy with placebo or standard clinical care in adult patients undergoing surgery requiring cardiopulmonary bypass and reporting AKI, serum creatinine (SCr) or need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) as an outcome were eligible for inclusion. All forms and dosages of statins in conjunction with any duration of pre‐operative therapy were considered for inclusion in this review. Data collection and analysis All authors extracted data independently and assessments were cross‐checked by a second author. Likewise, assessment of study risk of bias was initially conducted by one author and then by a second author to ensure accuracy. Disagreements were arbitrated among authors until consensus was reached. Authors from two of the included studies provided additional data surrounding post‐operative SCr as well as need for RRT. Meta‐analyses were used to assess the outcomes of AKI, SCr and mortality rate. Data for the outcomes of RRT and adverse effects were not pooled. Adverse effects taken into account were those reported by the authors of included studies. Main results We included seven studies (662 participants) in this review. All except one study was assessed as being at high risk of bias. Three studies assessed atorvastatin, three assessed simvastatin and one investigated rosuvastatin. All studies collected data during the immediate perioperative period only; data collection to hospital discharge and postoperative biochemical data collection ranged from 24 hours to 7 days. Overall, pre‐operative statin treatment was not associated with a reduction in postoperative AKI, need for RRT, or mortality. Only two studies (195 participants) reported postoperative SCr level. In those studies, patients allocated to receive statins had lower postoperative SCr concentrations compared with those allocated to no drug treatment/placebo (MD 21.2 µmol/L, 95% CI ‐31.1 to ‐11.1). Adverse effects were adequately reported in only one study; no difference was found between the statin group compared to placebo. Authors' conclusions Analysis of currently available data did not suggest that preoperative statin use is associated with decreased incidence of AKI in adults after surgery who required cardiac bypass. Although a significant reduction in SCr was seen postoperatively in people treated with statins, this result was driven by results from a single study, where SCr was considered as a secondary outcome. The results of the meta‐analysis should be interpreted with caution; few studies were included in subgroup analyses, and significant differences in methodology exist among the included studies. Large high quality RCTs are required to establish the safety and efficacy of statins to prevent AKI after cardiac surgery. Plain language summary Do statins prevent kidney failure in adults after surgery where cardiac bypass is used? Heart surgeries are performed routinely in developed countries and their safety has increased significantly. However, heart surgery is still associated with complications. Of those, kidney failure is of great importance; and patients whose kidneys fail after a heart operation are more likely to have other health problems. Preventing kidney failure after heart surgery is therefore a major health issue. Cardiac bypass, which replaces heart and lung functions by diverting blood from major vessels to a machine during surgery, is required for most major heart operations. Cardiac bypass is known to release molecules that cause inflammation into the blood. In susceptible people, these molecules could cause kidney failure. Statins are drugs used to decrease fatty acid (lipid) levels in the blood and help prevent cardiac and vascular disease. Statins also seem to decrease the general level of inflammation in the blood. Although animal studies have suggested that statins could help to prevent kidney failure after heart surgery, they can also cause adverse effects. More evidence is required before statins can be routinely used. This review aims to evaluate evidence on the use of statins at the time of heart surgery to investigate if use can help to prevent kidney failure and how well statins are tolerated among patients. We searched the literature to January 2015 and included seven studies that involved a total of 662 participants to inform our assessment. In these studies, patients planned for heart surgery received statins or placebo (or no treatment at all). Five studies (467 participants) reported rates of kidney failure. We found that there was a high risk of bias in six of the seven included studies. We found no difference in the rate of kidney failure between patients who received statins and those who did not. Two studies (195 patients) reported serum creatinine (a marker of kidney function) after the operation. We found that serum creatinine was lower in patients in the statin group (indicating better kidney function). Other conclusions were limited by the small number of studies. However, patients who received statins did not seem to need less dialysis. They did not have a higher rate of death in hospital and did not have an increased rate of adverse events.
Amifostine for salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer; Abstract - Background Radioactive iodine treatment for differentiated thyroid cancer possibly results in xerostomia. Amifostine has been used to prevent the effects of irradiation to salivary glands. To date, the effects of amifostine on salivary glands in radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer remain uncertain. Objectives To assess the effects of amifostine on salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer. Search methods Studies were obtained from computerized searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE,  The Cochrane Library  and paper collections of conferences held in Chinese. Selection criteria Randomised controlled clinical trials and quasi‐randomised controlled clinical trials comparing the effects of amifostine on salivary glands after radioactive iodine treatment for differentiated thyroid cancer with placebo and a duration of follow up of at least three months. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed risk of bias and extracted data. Main results Two trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia (130 patients, two studies), the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium‐99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of amifostine therapy and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. Meta‐analysis was not performed on the function of salivary glands measured by technetium‐99m scintigraphy at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment due to the highly inconsistent findings across studies (I 2  statistic 99%). None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health‐related quality of life or costs. Authors' conclusions Results from two randomised controlled clinical trials suggest that the amifostine has no significant radioprotective effects on salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health‐related quality of life and other patient‐oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. Randomised controlled clinical trials with low risk of bias investigating patient‐oriented outcomes are needed to guide treatment choice. Plain language summary Amifostine for salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer Thyroid cancer is the most common malignancy of the endocrine system consisting of several subtypes like papillary carcinoma (accounting for 80% of cases) and follicular carcinoma (accounting for 11% of cases). These are collectively referred to as 'differentiated thyroid cancer'. Treatment with radioactive iodine after surgery (ablation of the thyroid gland or 'thyroidectomy') is important for the detection of metastatic disease and for the destruction of the remaining thyroid tissue with microscopic cancer. After radioactive iodine treatment, adverse effects may happen in the salivary glands and cause salivary gland swelling and pain, usually involving the parotid. The symptoms may develop immediately after a therapeutic dose of radioactive iodine or months later and progress in intensity with time. Secondary complications reported include dry mouth ('xerostomia') and taste alterations. Amifostine is thought to be a radioprotector of salivary glands used in conjunction with radioiodine therapy. This medication is administered intravenously and was reported to ameliorate the damage of salivary glands caused by radioactive iodine therapy. We found only two randomised controlled trials in which the effects of amifostine were compared with placebo. The two randomised clinical trials investigated 130 patients treated with high dose radioactive iodine for thyroid cancer. Altogether data from the two trials suggest that amifostine has no obvious protective effects on the salivary glands in these patients. Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of amifostine therapy and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. Until better data become available, the use of sour candy or lemon juice to increase salivation might be more appropriate during radioactive iodine treatment for patients with differentiated thyroid cancer. Patients should be well informed of the importance of hydration, acid stimulation and glandular massage after radioactive iodine treatment. In addition, early recognition and treatment of xerostomia may improve outcomes.
Interventions for the management of malignant pleural effusions: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Malignant pleural effusion (MPE) is a common problem for people with cancer and usually associated with considerable breathlessness. A number of treatment options are available to manage the uncontrolled accumulation of pleural fluid, including administration of a pleurodesis agent (via a chest tube or thoracoscopy) or placement of an indwelling pleural catheter (IPC). This is an update of a review published in Issue 5, 2016, which replaced the original, published in 2004. Objectives To ascertain the optimal management strategy for adults with malignant pleural effusion in terms of pleurodesis success and to quantify differences in patient‐reported outcomes and adverse effects between interventions. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Ovid) and three other databases to June 2019. We screened reference lists from other relevant publications and searched trial registries. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of intrapleural interventions for adults with symptomatic MPE, comparing types of sclerosant, mode of administration and IPC use. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data on study design, characteristics, outcome measures, potential effect modifiers and risk of bias. The primary outcome was pleurodesis failure rate. Secondary outcomes were adverse events, patient‐reported breathlessness control, quality of life, cost, mortality, survival, duration of inpatient stay and patient acceptability. We performed network meta‐analyses of primary outcome data and secondary outcomes with enough data. We also performed pair‐wise meta‐analyses of direct comparison data. If we deemed interventions not jointly randomisable, or we found insufficient available data, we reported results by narrative synthesis. For the primary outcome, we performed sensitivity analyses to explore potential causes of heterogeneity and to evaluate pleurodesis agents administered via a chest tube only. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We identified 80 randomised trials (18 new), including 5507 participants. We found all except three studies at high or unclear risk of bias for at least one domain. Due to the nature of the interventions, most studies were unblinded. Pleurodesis failure rate We included 55 studies of 21 interventions in the primary network meta‐analysis. We estimated the rank of each intervention's effectiveness. Talc slurry (ranked 6, 95% credible interval (Cr‐I) 3 to 10)  is an effective pleurodesis agent (moderate certainty for comparison with placebo) and may result in fewer pleurodesis failures than bleomycin and doxycycline (bleomycin versus talc slurry: odds ratio (OR) 2.24, 95% Cr‐I 1.10 to 4.68; low certainty; ranked 11, 95% Cr‐I 7 to 15; doxycycline versus talc slurry: OR 2.51, 95% Cr‐I 0.81 to 8.40; low certainty; ranked 12, 95% Cr‐I 5 to 18). There is little evidence of a difference between the pleurodesis failure rate of talc poudrage and talc slurry (OR 0.50, 95% Cr‐I 0.21 to 1.02; moderate certainty). Evidence for any difference was further reduced when restricting analysis to studies at low risk of bias (defined as maximum one high risk domain in the risk of bias assessment) (pleurodesis failure talc poudrage versus talc slurry: OR 0.78, 95% Cr‐I 0.16 to 2.08). IPCs without daily drainage are probably less effective at obtaining a definitive pleurodesis (cessation of pleural fluid drainage facilitating IPC removal) than talc slurry (OR 7.60, 95% Cr‐I 2.96 to 20.47; rank = 18/21, 95% Cr‐I 13 to 21; moderate certainty). Daily IPC drainage or instillation of talc slurry via IPC are likely to reduce pleurodesis failure rates. Adverse effects Adverse effects were inconsistently reported. We performed network meta‐analyses for the risk of procedure‐related fever and pain. The evidence for risk of developing fever was of low certainty, but suggested there may be little difference between interventions relative to talc slurry (talc poudrage: OR 0.89, 95% Cr‐I 0.11 to 6.67; bleomycin: OR 2.33, 95% Cr‐I 0.45 to 12.50; IPCs: OR 0.41, 95% Cr‐I 0.00 to 50.00; doxycycline: OR 0.85, 95% Cr‐I 0.05 to 14.29). Evidence also suggested there may be little difference between interventions in the risk of developing procedure‐related pain, relative to talc slurry (talc poudrage: OR 1.26, 95% Cr‐I 0.45 to 6.04; very‐low certainty; bleomycin: OR 2.85, 95% Cr‐I 0.78 to 11.53; low certainty; IPCs: OR 1.30, 95% Cr‐I 0.29 to 5.87; low certainty; doxycycline: OR 3.35, 95% Cr‐I 0.64 to 19.72; low certainty). Patient‐reported control of breathlessness Pair‐wise meta‐analysis suggests there is likely no difference in breathlessness control, relative to talc slurry, of talc poudrage ((mean difference (MD) 4.00 mm, 95% CI –6.26 to 14.26) on a 100 mm visual analogue scale for breathlessness; studies = 1; participants = 184; moderate certainty) and IPCs without daily drainage (MD –6.12 mm, 95% CI –16.32 to 4.08; studies = 2; participants = 160; low certainty). Overall mortality There may be little difference between interventions when compared to talc slurry (bleomycin and IPC without daily drainage; low certainty) but evidence is uncertain for talc poudrage and doxycycline. Patient acceptability Pair‐wise meta‐analysis demonstrated that IPCs probably result in a reduced risk of requiring a repeat invasive pleural intervention (OR 0.25, 95% Cr‐I 0.13 to 0.48; moderate certainty) relative to talc slurry. There is likely little difference in the risk of repeat invasive pleural intervention with talc poudrage relative to talc slurry (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.56; moderate certainty). Authors' conclusions Based on the available evidence, talc poudrage and talc slurry are effective methods for achieving a pleurodesis, with lower failure rates than a number of other commonly used interventions. IPCs provide an alternative approach; whilst associated with inferior definitive pleurodesis rates, comparable control of breathlessness can probably be achieved, with a lower risk of requiring repeat invasive pleural intervention.  Local availability, global experience of agents and adverse events (which may not be identified in randomised trials) and patient preference must be considered when selecting an intervention. Further research is required to delineate the roles of different treatments according to patient characteristics, such as presence of trapped lung. Greater attention to patient‐centred outcomes, including breathlessness, quality of life and patient preference is essential to inform clinical decision‐making. Careful consideration to minimise the risk of bias and standardise outcome measures is essential for future trial design. Plain language summary Interventions for the management of fluid around the lungs (pleural fluid) caused by cancer Review question We reviewed the evidence on the effectiveness of different methods to manage a build‐up of fluid around the lungs in people where this is caused by cancer.   Background Malignant pleural effusion (MPE) is a condition that affects people with cancer of the lining of the lung. This can cause fluid to build up in the space between the outside of the lungs and rib cage (pleural cavity), often resulting in breathlessness. Treatment options focus on controlling symptoms. These include removal of the fluid using a temporary chest drain, a camera examination of the pleural cavity (thoracoscopy) or a semi‐permanent chest drain tunnelled under the skin (an indwelling pleural catheter). Introducing a chemical into the pleural cavity can also be used to prevent the fluid coming back (pleurodesis). We wanted to find out which method was the most effective for preventing fluid re‐accumulation (pleurodesis failure) and which was best in terms of side effects (including pain and fever) and other important outcomes such as breathlessness and quality of life. Study characteristics We collected and analysed relevant studies to answer this question. We were interested in high quality research, so only searched for randomised controlled trials (in which participants are randomly allocated to the treatments being tested). We analysed most data using 'network meta‐analysis', which allows lots of different interventions to be compared in one analysis. This analysis ranks the interventions in order of their effectiveness. Certainty of the evidence We rated the certainty of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate or high. Very low‐certainty evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High‐certainty evidence means that we are very confident in the results. Many of the studies were of low quality and the individual studies were quite different to each other. This made it difficult to reach definite conclusions. Key results From our searches in June 2019, we found 80 studies (18 new) involving 5507 participants (2079 new). In the network meta‐analysis, we found that giving talc through a chest tube after draining the fluid (talc slurry) resulted in fewer pleurodesis failures than other commonly used methods, such as the medicines doxycycline or bleomycin through a chest tube (low certainty). Using a thoracoscopy procedure to remove the fluid and blow talc into the chest (talc poudrage) is likely to be as effective as talc slurry (moderate certainty). We had a low level of certainty that the risk of having a fever is similar between treatments. There may be little difference between treatments in the chance of having pain (low certainty for bleomycin, IPCs and doxycycline; very‐low certainty for talc poudrage). Using an IPC, which allows intermittent drainage of fluid at home, may relieve breathlessness as much as a talc slurry procedure (low certainty). There may be little difference in the risk of death between treatments when compared to talc slurry (low certainty for bleomycin and IPC without daily drainage; very low certainty for talc poudrage and doxycycline). The chance of needing another invasive procedure to remove fluid was lower after having an IPC than after talc slurry pleurodesis (moderate certainty).  Conclusions The available evidence shows that talc poudrage and talc slurry are effective ways of managing MPEs, with lower pleurodesis failure rates than a number of other commonly used methods. However, it is also important to consider global experience of these agents and knowledge of their safety and side effects when selecting the most appropriate pleurodesis method. IPCs are less likely to prevent pleural fluid from re‐accumulating than talc slurry, but may be as good at helping breathlessness. People who have an IPC are less likely to need another invasive procedure in the future to manage the pleural effusion. Further research is required to look at particular patient groups and explore outcomes such as breathlessness and quality of life in more detail. Ideally a fuller understanding of the potential harms of the treatments from the patients' perspective would also be beneficial.
Routes of administration of antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing infection after caesarean section; Abstract - Background Post‐caesarean section infection is a cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. Administration of antibiotic prophylaxis is recommended for preventing infection after caesarean delivery. The route of administration of antibiotic prophylaxis should be effective, safe and convenient. Currently, there is a lack of synthesised evidence regarding the benefits and harms of different routes of antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing infection after caesarean section. Objectives The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of different routes of prophylactic antibiotics given for preventing infectious morbidity in women undergoing caesarean section. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 January 2016),  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (6 January 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing at least two alternative routes of antibiotic prophylaxis for caesarean section (both elective and emergency). Cross‐over trials and quasi‐RCTs were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion, assessed the risk of bias and extracted data from the included studies. These steps were checked by a third review author. Main results We included 10 studies (1354 women). The risk of bias was unclear or high in most of the included studies. All of the included trials involved women undergoing caesarean section whether elective or non‐elective. Intravenous antibiotics versus antibiotic irrigation (nine studies, 1274 women) Nine studies (1274 women) compared the administration of intravenous antibiotics with antibiotic irrigation. There were no clear differences between groups in terms of this review's maternal primary outcomes:  endometritis  (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.29; eight studies (966 women) ( low‐quality evidence ));  wound infection  (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.43; seven studies (859 women) ( very low‐quality evidence )). The outcome of  infant sepsis  was not reported in the included studies. In terms of this review's maternal secondary outcomes, there were no clear differences between intravenous antibiotic or irrigation antibiotic groups in terms of  postpartum febrile morbidity  (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.60; three studies (264 women) ( very low‐quality evidence )); or  urinary tract infection  (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.25 to 2.15; five studies (660 women) ( very low‐quality evidence )). In terms of  adverse effects of the treatment on the women , no drug allergic reactions were reported in three studies (284 women) ( very low‐quality evidence ), and there were no cases of  serious infectious complications  reported ( very low‐quality evidence ). There was no clear difference between groups in terms of  maternal length of hospital stay  (mean difference (MD) 0.28 days, 95% CI ‐0.22 to 0.79 days, (random‐effects analysis), four studies (512 women). No data were reported for the  number of women readmitted to hospital . For the baby, there were no data reported in relation to  oral thrush ,  infant length of hospital stay  or  immediate adverse effects of the antibiotics on the infant . Intravenous antibiotic prophylaxis versus oral antibiotic prophylaxis (one study, 80 women) One study (80 women) compared an intravenous versus an oral route of administration of prophylactic antibiotics, but did not report any of this review's primary or secondary outcomes. Authors' conclusions There was no clear difference between irrigation and intravenous antibiotic prophylaxis in reducing the risk of post‐caesarean endometritis. For other outcomes, there is insufficient evidence regarding which route of administration of prophylactic antibiotics is most effective at preventing post‐caesarean infections. The quality of evidence was very low to low, mainly due to limitations in study design and imprecision. Furthermore, most of the included studies were underpowered (small sample sizes with few events). Therefore, we advise caution in the interpretation and generalisability of the results. For future research, there is a need for well‐designed, properly‐conducted, and clearly‐reported RCTs. Such studies should evaluate the more recently available antibiotics, elaborating on the various available routes of administration, and exploring potential neonatal side effects of such interventions. Plain language summary What is the most effective and safe way to administer antibiotics to prevent infection for women undergoing caesarean section What is the issue? Caesarean delivery increases the risk for infection compared to vaginal birth by five‐ to 20‐fold. Infections can be of the surgical incision, the lining of the uterus, and inside the pelvis. Clinicians seek to prevent these infections by different measures including prophylactic (preventative) antibiotics. Why is this important? Antibiotics can be given by a number of different routes including by mouth, injection into a vein or by washing inside the uterus and the surgical site with a saline solution containing the antibiotic. We assessed the benefits and harms of different routes of prophylactic antibiotics given for preventing infections in women undergoing caesarean section. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on 6 January 2016 and found 10 studies (involving a total of 1354 women). Nine studies (1274 women) compared intravenous antibiotic administration with antibiotic irrigation (washing with a saline solution containing antibiotics). The two routes gave similar results on important outcomes including infection of the uterus/womb ( low‐quality evidence ) and wound infection ( very low‐quality evidence ). The studies did not report on blood infections in the newborn infant (sepsis). The numbers of women who had urinary tract infection ( very low‐quality evidence ), serious infectious complications ( very low‐quality evidence ) or fever after birth ( very low‐quality evidence ) also did not clearly differ between groups. There was no clear difference between groups in terms of how long women spent in hospital and no data reported on the number of women who were readmitted to hospital. No women had allergic reactions to the antibiotics ( very low‐quality evidence ) in the three studies that reported this outcome. None of the studies reported information about whether the babies had any immediate adverse reactions to the antibiotics. One study (involving 80 women) compared intravenous antibiotics with taking antibiotics orally but it did not report on any of this review's outcomes. What does this mean? The studies included in this review did not clearly report how they were carried out and outcome data were incomplete. Too few women were included in each study for sufficient numbers of events to see a clear difference in outcomes between the two groups of women. This meant the evidence was of low quality. Therefore, we need to exercise caution in the interpretation and generalisability of the results. High‐quality studies are needed to determine the safest, most effective way of giving preventive antibiotics. Such studies should evaluate more recently available antibiotics and consider potential side effects that the intervention may have for the baby.
Combined and alternating paracetamol and ibuprofen therapy for febrile children; Abstract - Background Health professionals frequently recommend fever treatment regimens for children that either combine paracetamol and ibuprofen or alternate them. However, there is uncertainty about whether these regimens are better than the use of single agents, and about the adverse effect profile of combination regimens. Objectives To assess the effects and side effects of combining paracetamol and ibuprofen, or alternating them on consecutive treatments, compared with monotherapy for treating fever in children. Search methods In September 2013, we searched Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register; Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); MEDLINE; EMBASE; LILACS; and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (2009‐2011). Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials comparing alternating or combined paracetamol and ibuprofen regimens with monotherapy in children with fever. Data collection and analysis One review author and two assistants independently screened the searches and applied inclusion criteria. Two authors assessed risk of bias and graded the evidence independently. We conducted separate analyses for different comparison groups (combined therapy versus monotherapy, alternating therapy versus monotherapy, combined therapy versus alternating therapy). Main results Six studies, enrolling 915 participants, are included. Compared to giving a single antipyretic alone, giving combined paracetamol and ibuprofen to febrile children can result in a lower mean temperature at one hour after treatment (MD ‐0.27 °Celsius, 95% CI ‐0.45 to ‐0.08, two trials, 163 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). If no further antipyretics are given, combined treatment probably also results in a lower mean temperature at four hours (MD ‐0.70 °Celsius, 95% CI ‐1.05 to ‐0.35, two trials, 196 participants,  moderate quality evidence ), and in fewer children remaining or becoming febrile for at least four hours after treatment (RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.42 ,  two trials, 196 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). Only one trial assessed a measure of child discomfort (fever associated symptoms at 24 hours and 48 hours), but did not find a significant difference in this measure between the treatment regimens (one trial, 156 participants,  evidence quality not graded ). In practice, caregivers are often advised to initially give a single agent (paracetamol or ibuprofen), and then give a further dose of the alternative if the child's fever fails to resolve or recurs. Giving alternating treatment in this way may result in a lower mean temperature at one hour after the second dose (MD ‐0.60 °Celsius, 95% CI ‐0.94 to ‐0.26, two trials, 78 participants,  low quality evidence ), and may also result in fewer children remaining or becoming febrile for up to three hours after it is given (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.55, two trials, 109 participants,  low quality evidence).  One trial assessed child discomfort (mean pain scores at 24, 48 and 72 hours), finding that these mean scores were lower, with alternating therapy, despite fewer doses of antipyretic being given overall (one trial, 480 participants,  low quality evidence ) Only one small trial compared alternating therapy with combined therapy. No statistically significant differences were seen in mean temperature, or the number of febrile children at one, four or six hours (one trial, 40 participants,  very low quality evidence ). There were no serious adverse events in the trials that were directly attributed to the medications used. Authors' conclusions There is some evidence that both alternating and combined antipyretic therapy may be more effective at reducing temperatures than monotherapy alone. However, the evidence for improvements in measures of child discomfort remains inconclusive. There is insufficient evidence to know which of combined or alternating therapy might be more beneficial.Future research needs to measure child discomfort using standardized tools, and assess the safety of combined and alternating antipyretic therapy. 15 April 2019 Update pending Studies awaiting assessment The CIDG is currently examining a new search conducted in April 2019 for potentially relevant studies. These studies have not yet been incorporated into this Cochrane Review. Plain language summary Alternating and combined antipyretics for treatment of fever in children When they are ill with infections, children often develop a fever. The fever with common viral illnesses, such as colds, coughs, sore throats and gastrointestinal illness, usually lasts a few days, makes children feel unwell, and is distressing for the children, their parents, or other caregivers. Paracetamol (also known as acetaminophen) and ibuprofen lower the child's temperature and relieve their discomfort. This review evaluates whether giving both treatments together, or alternating the two treatments, is more effective than giving paracetamol or ibuprofen alone. In September 2013, we found six studies, involving 915 children, that evaluated combined or alternating paracetamol and ibuprofen to treat fever in children. Compared to giving ibuprofen or paracetamol alone, giving both medications together is probably more effective at lowering temperature for the first four hours after treatment ( moderate quality evidence ). However, only one trial assessed whether combined treatment made children less uncomfortable or distressed and found no difference compared to ibuprofen or paracetamol alone. In practice, caregivers are often advised to initially give a single agent (paracetamol or ibuprofen), and then give a further dose of the alternative if the child continues to have a fever. Giving alternating treatment in this way may be more effective at lowering temperature for the first three hours after the second dose ( low quality evidence ), and may also result in less child discomfort ( low quality evidence ) Only one small trial compared alternating therapy with combined therapy and found no advantages between the two ( very low quality evidence ).
Intranasal steroids for acute sinusitis; Abstract - Background Acute sinusitis is a common reason for primary care visits. It causes significant symptoms and often results in time off work and school. Objectives We examined whether intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) are effective in relieving symptoms of acute sinusitis in adults and children. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 4, MEDLINE (January 1966 to May week 2, 2013), EMBASE (1990 to May 2013) and bibliographies of included studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing INCS treatment to placebo or no intervention in adults and children with acute sinusitis. Acute sinusitis was defined by clinical diagnosis and confirmed by radiological evidence or by nasal endoscopy. The primary outcome was the proportion of participants with either resolution or improvement of symptoms. Secondary outcomes were any adverse events that required discontinuation of treatment, drop‐outs before the end of the study, rates of relapse, complications and return to school or work. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data, assessed trial quality and resolved discrepancies by consensus. Main results No new trials were found for inclusion in this update. Four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis met our inclusion criteria. The trials were well‐designed and double‐blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow‐up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta‐analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%; risk ratio (RR) 1.11; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04 to 1.18). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% CI 1.02 to 1.18 versus RR 1.04; 95% CI 0.98 to 1.11). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop‐out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of INCS. Authors' conclusions Current evidence is limited for acute sinusitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy but supports the use of INCS as a monotherapy or as an adjuvant therapy to antibiotics. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy. Plain language summary Steroids for acute sinusitis in adults and children Acute sinusitis is a common reason for primary care visits; it is one of the 10 most common diagnoses in outpatient clinics, presenting with various symptoms and signs that include purulent nasal discharge and congestion and cough lasting beyond the typical seven to 10 days of a viral upper respiratory infection. There have been suggestions, based on studies of allergic rhinitis and chronic sinusitis, that intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) may relieve symptoms and hasten recovery in acute sinusitis due to their anti‐inflammatory properties. A critical systematic review of the literature found four well‐conducted, randomised, placebo‐controlled intervention studies, involving 1943 participants treated for 15 or 21 days. The results suggest that there may be a modest effect with INCS in the resolution or improvement of symptoms. Only minor adverse events such as epistaxis, headache and nasal itching were reported. Given the small number of studies included in this review, it is recommended that further randomised controlled trials be conducted. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
Pharmacological interventions for the prevention of allergic and febrile non‐haemolytic transfusion reactions; Abstract - Background Allergic and febrile non‐haemolytic transfusion reactions (NHTRs) are the two most common forms of transfusion reaction. Pretransfusion medication with anti‐inflammatory drugs is used in NHTR prevention, however its efficacy and safety remains unclear. Objectives To assess the clinical effects and safety of pharmacological interventions for preventing NHTR in patients with and without a history of transfusion reactions. Search methods The search strategy included The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) on  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 4, 2008), Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register (December 17, 2008), MEDLINE (1950 to November (week 3) 2008), EMBASE (1988 to November (week 3) 2008), LILACS (1982 to January 12, 2009), CINAHL (1982 to December 2008), ISI Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI‐EXPANDED): 1970 to December 2008). There was no language restriction. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effectiveness of interventions for the prevention of NHTR. Data collection and analysis Authors independently selected studies, assessed the risks of bias and extracted data. Relative risks (RR) were estimated in RCTs with parallel design (PD). Odds ratio (OR) was estimated for one RCT with crossover design (CD). No meta‐analysis was attempted due to differences in the pharmacotherapy of pre‐transfusion medication and methodology between the studies; a per‐protocol analysis was used. Main results This review includes three RCTs (two PD and one CD). The PD‐RCTs employed disparate units of randomisation (UofR); patient or transfusion, while the CD‐RCT applied the patient as the UofR. The PD‐RCTs administered leukodepleted blood products. Both PD‐RCTs compared acetaminophen plus diphenhydramine (ApD) at different regimens with placebo, while the CD‐RCT contrasted hydrocortisone pharmacotherapy with diphenhydramine. Both PD‐RCTs found no statistically significant difference in allergic reactions (RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.39, RR 1.46, 95% CI 0.78 to 2.73) and febrile reactions (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.26). The CD‐RCT found a statistically significant difference in the odds of febrile reactions (OR 2.38, 95% CI 1.07 to 5.27). The trials did not report anaphylactic reactions, deaths related to transfusion reactions or other adverse events. Authors' conclusions None of the three studies found that medication prior to transfusion reduces NHTR. This applied regardless of the patient's history of NHTR and the use of leukodepleted blood products in the transfusion. However, this conclusion is based on three trials of moderate to low quality. A better‐powered RCT is necessary to evaluate the role of pretransfusion medication in the prevention of NHTR. Inclusion criteria should be restricted to patients at high risk of developing NHTR, with no restriction by age, history of transfusion reactions and type of blood products (leukodepleted or not). Plain language summary Pre‐transfusion drugs for preventing side effects from blood transfusions Febrile non‐haemolytic transfusion reactions (FNHTRs) and allergic reactions are the most common adverse reactions to blood transfusion. These reactions are often related to other dangerous side effects from transfusion such as sepsis due to contaminated blood products and intravascular red cell haemolysis. In an effort to prevent these reactions, patients are given drugs prior to transfusion. Three kinds of drugs are commonly used for this pre‐transfusion medication, either alone or in combination. However, this practice is not standardised and there is controversy about its effectiveness. This review found that current evidence from three trials in which 462 patients were analysed indicates pre‐transfusion medication in any regimen does not reduce the risk of allergic and febrile non‐haemolytic transfusion reactions.
Granulopoiesis‐stimulating factors to prevent adverse effects in the treatment of malignant lymphoma; Abstract - Background Granulopoiesis‐stimulating factors, such as granulocyte‐colony‐stimulating factor (G‐CSF) and granulocyte‐macrophage‐colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF), are being used to prevent febrile neutropenia and infection in patients undergoing treatment for malignant lymphoma. The question of whether G‐CSF and GM‐CSF improve dose intensity, tumour response, and overall survival in this patient population has not been answered yet. Since the results from single studies are inconclusive, a systematic review was undertaken. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of G‐CSF and GM‐CSF in patients with malignant lymphoma with respect to preventing neutropenia, febrile neutropenia and infection; improving quality of life, adherence to treatment protocol, tumour response, freedom from treatment failure (FFTF) and overall survival (OS); and adverse effects. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, CancerLit, and other relevant literature databases; Internet databases of ongoing trials; and conference proceedings of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and the American Society of Hematology (1980 ‐ 2007). We included full‐text and abstract publications as well as unpublished data. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing prophylaxis with G‐CSF or GM‐CSF versus placebo/no prophylaxis in adult patients with malignant lymphoma undergoing chemotherapy were included for review. Both study arms had to receive identical chemotherapy and supportive care. Data collection and analysis Trial eligibility and quality assessment, data extraction and analysis were done by two reviewers independently. Authors were contacted to obtain missing data. Main results We included 13 eligible randomised controlled trials with 2607 randomised patients. Compared with no prophylaxis, both G‐CSF and GM‐CSF did not improve overall survival (hazard ratio 0.97; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.09) or FFTF (hazard ratio 1.11; 95% CI 0.91 to 1.35). Prophylaxis significantly reduced the relative risk (RR) for severe neutropenia (RR 0.67; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.60 to 0.73), febrile neutropenia (RR 0.74; 95% CI 0.62 to 0.89) and infection (RR 0.74; 95% CI 0.64 to 0.85). There was no evidence that either G‐CSF or GM‐CSF reduced the number of patients requiring intravenous antibiotics (RR 0.82; 95%CI 0.57 to 1.18); lowered infection related mortality (RR 0.93; 95% CI 0.51 to 1.71); or improved complete tumour response (RR 1.03; 95% CI 0.95 to 1.10).One study evaluated quality of life parameters and found no differences between the treatment groups. Authors' conclusions G‐CSF and GM‐CSF, when used as a prophylaxis in patients with malignant lymphoma undergoing conventional chemotherapy, reduce the risk of neutropenia, febrile neutropenia and infection. However, based on the randomised trials currently available, there is no evidence that either G‐CSF or GM‐CSF provide a significant advantage in terms of complete tumour response, FFTF or OS. Plain language summary Granulopoiesis‐stimulating factors in the prevention of adverse effects during the therapeutic treatment of malignant lymphoma. Lymphoma is a cancer that begins in the lymph nodes. It can be treated with chemotherapy (anti‐cancer drugs), but this disrupts the immune system and lowers white cell counts. This can increase a person's risk of infection and limit the amount of chemotherapy that can be given. Granulopoiesis‐stimulating factors (GSF) can increase the body's production of white cells. The review found that treatment with GSF increases white cell counts and reduces the risk of infection in people receiving chemotherapy for lymphoma. However, GSF treatment did not improve survival. More research is needed to improve GSF treatments.
Rapid viral diagnosis for acute febrile respiratory illness in children in the Emergency Department; Abstract - Background Pediatric acute respiratory infections (ARIs) represent a significant burden on pediatric Emergency Departments (EDs) and families. Most of these illnesses are due to viruses. However, investigations (radiography, blood, and urine testing) to rule out bacterial infections and antibiotics are often ordered because of diagnostic uncertainties. This results in prolonged ED visits and unnecessary antibiotic use. The risk of concurrent bacterial infection has been reported to be negligible in children over three months of age with a confirmed viral infection. Rapid viral testing in the ED may alleviate the need for precautionary testing and antibiotic use. Objectives To determine if the use of a rapid viral detection test for children with an acute respiratory infection (ARI) in Emergency Departments (EDs) changes patient management and resource use in the ED, compared to not using a rapid viral detection test. We hypothesized that rapid viral testing reduces antibiotic use in the ED as well as reduces the rate of ancillary testing and length of ED visits. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 6), MEDLINE (1950 to July week 1, 2014), MEDLINE In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations (15 July 2014), EMBASE.com (1988 to July 2014), HealthStar (1966 to 2009), BIOSIS Previews (1969 to July 2014), CAB Abstracts (1973 to July 2014), CBCA Reference (1970 to 2007) and ProQuest Dissertations and Theses (1861 to 2009). Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of rapid viral testing for children with ARIs in the ED. Data collection and analysis Two review authors used the inclusion criteria to select trials, evaluate their quality, and extract data. We obtained missing data from trial authors. We expressed differences in rate of investigations and antibiotic use as risk ratios (RRs), and expressed difference in ED length of visits as mean differences (MDs), with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Main results No new trials were identified in this 2014 update. We included four trials (three RCTs and one quazi‐RCT), with 759 children in the rapid viral testing group and 829 in the control group. Three out of the four studies were comparable in terms of young age of participants, with one study increasing the age of inclusion up to five years of age. All studies included either fever or respiratory symptoms as inclusion criteria (two required both, one required fever or respiratory symptoms, and one required only fever). All studies were comparable in terms of exclusion criteria, intervention, and outcome data. In terms of risk of bias, one study failed to utilize a random sequence generator, one study did not comment on completeness of outcome data, and only one of four studies included allocation concealment as part of the study design. None of the studies definitively blinded participants. Rapid viral testing resulted in a trend toward decreased antibiotic use in the ED, but this was not statistically significant. We found lower rates of chest radiography (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.91) in the rapid viral testing group, but no effect on length of ED visits, or blood or urine testing in the ED. No study made mention of any adverse effects related to viral testing. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to support routine rapid viral testing to reduce antibiotic use in pediatric EDs. Rapid viral testing may or may not reduce rates of antibiotic use, and other investigations (urine and blood testing); these studies do not provide enough power to resolve this question. However, rapid viral testing does reduce the rate of chest X‐rays in the ED. An adequately powered trial with antibiotic use as an outcome is needed. Plain language summary Rapid viral testing for children in the Emergency Department with fever and respiratory symptoms Review question   Does rapid viral testing in the Emergency Department influence the treatment of children with fever and breathing symptoms? Background   Otherwise healthy children, aged 0 to 18 years, admitted to Emergency Departments (EDs) with fever and respiratory symptoms represent a major burden to the healthcare system, as well as significant anxiety and expense to parents and caregivers. Physicians often order diagnostic tests and may prescribe antibiotics when they are unsure of the cause of the illness and are concerned about the possibility of serious bacterial infection. However, in most cases, fever and respiratory symptoms are caused by viruses. In addition, in children in whom a virus is found to be the cause of their illness, the risk of serious bacterial infection is very low. We conducted this review to assess whether a rapid viral test, done in the ED, changes what physicians do when treating these children. Study characteristics   We reviewed studies retrievable as of July 2014. We included four prospective controlled studies of previously healthy children under 18 years of age who attended an ED of an urgent care clinic because of fever and respiratory symptoms. Key results   Based on these four studies, involving 759 study participants, we found that in previously healthy children coming to the ED with fever and respiratory symptoms, a rapid viral test showed a trend towards fewer antibiotic prescriptions, but this finding was not statistically significant. However, we found that rapid viral testing reduces the use of chest X‐rays. There are also blood and urine investigations that can be undertaken. The true impact of this intervention on the frequency of blood and urine testing, as well as the length of the ED visit, requires trials with larger numbers of children. None of the included studies reported harm or adverse events related to the intervention tested. Quality of the evidence   The quality of the evidence was considered moderate with regard to risk of bias, indirectness, imprecision, publication bias and inconsistency. While none of the studies used blinding, the impact of the use of rapid viral testing is in its ability to provide diagnostic information. Blinding of this interventions to the clinician would be impossible and make the intervention useless.
Interventions for the prevention of persistent post‐COVID‐19 olfactory dysfunction; Abstract - Background Loss of olfactory function is well recognised as a symptom of COVID‐19 infection, and the pandemic has resulted in a large number of individuals with abnormalities in their sense of smell. For many, the condition is temporary and resolves within two to four weeks. However, in a significant minority the symptoms persist. At present, it is not known whether early intervention with any form of treatment (such as medication or olfactory training) can promote recovery and prevent persisting olfactory disturbance. This is an update of the 2021 review with four studies added. Objectives 1) To evaluate the benefits and harms of any intervention versus no treatment for people with acute olfactory dysfunction due to COVID‐19 infection.  2) To keep the evidence up‐to‐date, using a living systematic review approach.  Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the latest search was 20 October 2021. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in people with COVID‐19 related olfactory disturbance, which had been present for less than four weeks. We included any intervention compared to no treatment or placebo.  Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were the presence of normal olfactory function, serious adverse effects and change in sense of smell. Secondary outcomes were the prevalence of parosmia, change in sense of taste, disease‐related quality of life and other adverse effects (including nosebleeds/bloody discharge). We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome.  Main results We included five studies with 691 participants. The studies evaluated the following interventions: intranasal corticosteroid sprays, intranasal corticosteroid drops, intranasal hypertonic saline and zinc sulphate.  Intranasal corticosteroid spray compared to no intervention/placebo We included three studies with 288 participants who had olfactory dysfunction for less than four weeks following COVID‐19. Presence of normal olfactory function The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of intranasal corticosteroid spray on both  self‐rated  recovery of olfactory function and recovery of olfactory function using  psychophysical tests  at up to four weeks follow‐up ( self‐rated : risk ratio (RR) 1.19, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.85 to 1.68; 1 study; 100 participants;  psychophysical testing : RR 2.3, 95% CI 1.16 to 4.63; 1 study; 77 participants; very low‐certainty evidence).  Change in sense of smell The evidence is also very uncertain about the effect of intranasal corticosteroid spray on  self‐rated  change in the sense of smell ( at less than 4 weeks : mean difference (MD) 0.5 points lower, 95% CI 1.38 lower to 0.38 higher; 1 study; 77 participants;  at > 4 weeks to 3 months : MD 2.4 points higher, 95% CI 1.32 higher to 3.48 higher; 1 study; 100 participants; very low‐certainty evidence, rated on a scale of 1 to 10, higher scores mean better olfactory function). Intranasal corticosteroids may make little or no difference to the change in sense of smell when assessed with  psychophysical testing  (MD 0.2 points, 95% CI 2.06 points lower to 2.06 points higher; 1 study; 77 participants; low‐certainty evidence, 0‐ to 24‐point scale, higher scores mean better olfactory function).  Serious adverse effects The authors of one study reported no adverse effects, but their intention to collect these data was not pre‐specified so we are uncertain if these were systematically sought and identified. The remaining two studies did not report on adverse effects.  Intranasal corticosteroid drops compared to no intervention/placebo We included one study with 248 participants who had olfactory dysfunction for ≤ 15 days following COVID‐19. Presence of normal olfactory function Intranasal corticosteroid drops may make little or no difference to  self‐rated recovery  at > 4 weeks to 3 months (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.11; 1 study; 248 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No other outcomes were assessed by this study.  Data on the use of hypertonic saline nasal irrigation and the use of zinc sulphate to prevent persistent olfactory dysfunction are included in the full text of the review. Authors' conclusions There is very limited evidence available on the efficacy and harms of treatments for preventing persistent olfactory dysfunction following COVID‐19 infection. However, we have identified a number of ongoing trials in this area. As this is a living systematic review we will update the data regularly, as new results become available. Plain language summary Interventions for the prevention of persistent smell disorders (olfactory dysfunction) after COVID‐19 infection Why this is important COVID‐19 has been found to cause problems with the sense of smell. Sometimes this is a reduction in the ability to smell things, and sometimes it is a complete loss of the sense of smell. For many people this recovers in a short time, but for others it may last for weeks or months. This review considers whether there are treatments that people might take as soon as they have lost their sense of smell (within four weeks of the symptoms starting), to try and stop this becoming a long‐standing problem. How we identified and assessed the evidence We searched for all relevant studies in the medical literature to summarise the results. We also looked at how certain the evidence was, considering things like the size of the studies and how they were carried out. Based on this, we classed the evidence as being of very low, low, moderate or high certainty. What we found We found five studies that had been completed.  Intranasal corticosteroids compared to no treatment  Three studies looked at this treatment.  Nasal corticosteroid spray might make little or no difference to the sense of smell when measured with specific tests (rather than when asking people about their sense of smell). The rest of the evidence was of very low certainty, so we do not know whether a nasal corticosteroid spray is better or worse than no treatment at: ‐ helping the sense of smell get back to normal (either people feeling that their sense of smell is back to normal, or having a normal sense of smell according to specific tests); ‐ making people feel that their sense of smell has improved; ‐ causing any unwanted side effects. Intranasal corticosteroid drops compared to placebo (dummy treatment) One study looked at this treatment. Intranasal corticosteroid drops might not make any difference to the number of people who think their sense of smell has recovered at 30 days.  We did find a number of other studies that are being carried out, but no results from these studies were available yet to be included in this review. What this means We do not know whether using a nasal corticosteroid spray or nasal drops has any benefit in preventing longer‐term loss of the sense of smell that is related to COVID‐19, or whether they may cause any harm. This review is a 'living systematic review' ‐ meaning that we will keep checking for new studies that might be relevant, and the review will be continually updated when any extra results are available. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to October 2021.
Tiagabine add‐on therapy for drug‐resistant focal epilepsy; Abstract - Background Epilepsy is a common neurological condition that affects up to 1% of the population. Nearly 30% of people with epilepsy are resistant to currently available antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and require treatment with multiple antiepileptic drugs in combination. Tiagabine is one of the newer AEDs that can be used as an adjunct (add‐on) to standard AEDs. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of tiagabine when used as an add‐on treatment for people with drug‐resistant focal seizures. Search methods This is an updated Cochrane review, last published in 2014. For the latest update, we searched the following databases on 22 January 2019: Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web), which includes the Cochrane Epilepsy Group's Specialized Register and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to January 21, 2019),  ClinicalTrials.gov , and the  WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform . We imposed no language restrictions. We also contacted the manufacturers of tiagabine and experts in the field to identify any ongoing or unpublished studies. Selection criteria We included randomised placebo‐controlled add‐on trials conducted in people of any age with focal epilepsy. The studies could be double‐, single‐, or unblinded and of parallel or cross‐over design. They had to have a minimum treatment period of eight weeks. We also included trials using an active drug control group. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and extracted data according to the standard methodological procedures expected by the Cochrane Collaboration for this review update. We resolved disagreements by discussion. Outcomes investigated included 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency, treatment withdrawal, adverse effects, effects on cognition and quality of life. The primary analyses were performed by intention‐to‐treat. We calculated worst‐case and best‐case analyses for seizure outcomes. We evaluated dose response using regression models. Two review authors assessed risk of bias in each study using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. Main results No further studies were added since the previous update in 2014. The review included six trials (four parallel‐group and two cross‐over group trials) consisting of 948 participants. For the main comparison, tiagabine versus placebo, all participants were aged between 12 and 77 years and the study treatment periods ranged from 12 to 22 weeks. The overall risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency (tiagabine versus placebo) was 3.16 (95% CI 1.97 to 5.07; 3 trials; 769 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Because of differences in response rates among trials, regression models were unable to provide reliable estimates of response to individual doses. The RR for treatment withdrawal (tiagabine versus placebo) was 1.81 (95% CI 1.25 to 2.62; 3 trials, 769 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Dizziness and tremor were significantly associated with tiagabine therapy. For cognitive and quality‐of‐life outcomes, the limited available data suggested no significant effects on cognition, mood, or adjustment. One trial comparing tiagabine with an active drug control group (tiagabine versus topiramate) found no significant differences between the two add‐on drugs for a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.58; 1 trial; 41 participants) or for treatment withdrawal (RR 1.43, 95% CI 0.74 to 2.74; one trial; 41 participants). We judged two of the six included studies to have low risk of bias, three studies to have an unclear risk of bias, and one study to have a high risk of bias. Methods for randomisation sequence generation were the least reported trial design factor and generated the most concerns regarding risk of bias. We rated the overall certainty of the evidence as largely moderate to high using the GRADE approach. We rated the evidence for two of the adverse effect outcomes, nausea and tremor, as low certainty. Authors' conclusions Tiagabine reduced seizure frequency but was associated with some adverse effects when used as an add‐on treatment in people with drug‐resistant focal epilepsy. The findings of the current review are mainly applicable to adults and adolescents, and may not necessarily be applicable to children as none of the trials included participants aged under 12 years. We found no significant differences between tiagabine and topiramate as add‐on drugs; however, evidence was provided by a single trial and was therefore limited. Plain language summary Tiagabine add‐on therapy for drug‐resistant focal epilepsy Background Epilepsy is a disorder in which recurrent seizures are caused by abnormal electrical discharges from the brain. Most seizures can be controlled by a single antiepileptic drug. Unfortunately, some people require more than one antiepileptic drug to control their seizures (drug‐resistant epilepsy), especially if the seizures originate from one area of the brain (focal epilepsy), rather than affecting the entire brain (generalised epilepsy). Tiagabine is a newer antiepileptic drug that can be used in conjunction with a person's normal antiepileptic drug regimen. This review assessed the evidence available for how effective tiagabine is in reducing seizures, as well as looking at the side effects that may be associated with its use when it is used alongside other antiepileptic medication(s) for people with drug‐resistant focal epilepsy. Results We found six trials that included 948 people with focal epilepsy. These trials were all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the antiepileptic drug tiagabine with a placebo (an inactive, dummy treatment which should not affect epilepsy) or with a different antiepileptic drug for a period of up to 24 weeks. We found that tiagabine, when used with another antiepileptic drug, was three times more effective than placebo at reducing the number of seizures in people with drug‐resistant focal epilepsy. Adding tiagabine to people's usual treatment was, however, associated with an increase in side effects, such as dizziness and tremor. People using tiagabine were over four times more likely to experience tremor than those using placebo; however, only one trial reported this adverse event so the evidence for this is limited. People taking tiagabine in addition to other drugs were nearly twice as likely to withdraw from treatment than those taking placebo. We found no significant differences between tiagabine and topiramate, another antiepileptic drug, as add‐on drugs. Conclusions Overall, there was high‐certainty evidence for the outcome of seizure reduction, which means that we are confident that the effect we have reported is accurate. The trials included in this review did not examine the long‐term effects of tiagabine as an add‐on treatment or the effects of tiagabine in children aged below the age of 12 years. Future research is needed to determine how tiagabine performs in comparison with other newer antiepileptic drugs. The evidence is current to January 2019.
Community‐based antibiotic delivery for possible serious bacterial infections in neonates in low‐ and middle‐income countries; Abstract - Background The recommended management for neonates with a possible serious bacterial infection (PSBI) is hospitalisation and treatment with intravenous antibiotics, such as ampicillin plus gentamicin. However, hospitalisation is often not feasible for neonates in low‐ and middle‐income countries (LMICs). Therefore, alternative options for the management of neonatal PSBI in LMICs needs to be evaluated. Objectives To assess the effects of community‐based antibiotics for neonatal PSBI in LMICs on neonatal mortality and to assess whether the effects of community‐based antibiotics for neonatal PSBI differ according to the antibiotic regimen administered. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 3), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 16 April 2018), Embase (1980 to 16 April 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 16 April 2018). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria We included randomised, quasi‐randomised and cluster‐randomised trials. For the first comparison, we included trials that compared antibiotics which were initiated and completed in the community to the standard hospital referral for neonatal PSBI in LMICs. For the second comparison, we included trials that compared simplified antibiotic regimens which relied more on oral antibiotics than intravenous antibiotics to the standard regimen of seven to 10 days of injectable penicillin/ampicillin with an injectable aminoglycoside delivered in the community to treat neonatal PSBI. Data collection and analysis We extracted data using the standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Group. The primary outcomes were all‐cause neonatal mortality and sepsis‐specific neonatal mortality. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. Main results For the first comparison, five studies met the inclusion criteria. Community‐based antibiotic delivery for neonatal PSBI reduced neonatal mortality when compared to hospital referral only (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.82, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 0.99; 5 studies, n = 125,134; low‐quality evidence). There was, however, a high level of statistical heterogeneity (I² = 87%) likely, due to the heterogenous nature of the study settings as well as the fact that four of the studies provided various co‐interventions in conjunction with community‐based antibiotics. Community‐based antibiotic delivery for neonatal PSBI showed a possible effect on reducing sepsis‐specific neonatal mortality (typical RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.00; 2 studies, n = 40,233; low‐quality evidence). For the second comparison, five studies met the inclusion criteria. Using a simplified antibiotic approach resulted in similar rates of neonatal mortality when compared to the standard regimen of seven days of injectable procaine benzylpenicillin and injectable procaine benzylpenicillin and injectable gentamicin delivered in community‐settings for neonatal PSBI (typical RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.44 to 1.50; 3 studies, n = 3476; moderate‐quality evidence). In subgroup analysis, the simplified antibiotic regimen of seven days of oral amoxicillin and injectable gentamicin showed no difference in neonatal mortality (typical RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.51; 3 studies, n = 2001; moderate‐quality evidence). Two days of injectable benzylpenicillin and injectable gentamicin followed by five days of oral amoxicillin showed no difference in neonatal mortality (typical RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.29 to 2.65; 3 studies, n = 2036; low‐quality evidence). Two days of injectable gentamicin and oral amoxicillin followed by five days of oral amoxicillin showed no difference in neonatal mortality (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.85; 1 study, n = 893; moderate‐quality evidence). For fast breathing alone, seven days of oral amoxicillin resulted in no difference in neonatal mortality (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.20 to 4.91; 1 study, n = 1406; low‐quality evidence). None of the studies in the second comparison reported the effect of a simplified antibiotic regimen on sepsis‐specific neonatal mortality. Authors' conclusions Low‐quality data demonstrated that community‐based antibiotics reduced neonatal mortality when compared to the standard hospital referral for neonatal PSBI in resource‐limited settings. The use of co‐interventions, however, prevent disentanglement of the contribution from community‐based antibiotics. Moderate‐quality evidence showed that simplified, community‐based treatment of PSBI using regimens which rely on the combination of oral and injectable antibiotics did not result in increased neonatal mortality when compared to the standard treatment of using only injectable antibiotics. Overall, the evidence suggests that simplified, community‐based antibiotics may be efficacious to treat neonatal PSBI when hospitalisation is not feasible. However, implementation research is recommended to study the effectiveness and scale‐up of simplified, community‐based antibiotics in resource‐limited settings. Plain language summary Antibiotics delivered in the home or clinic for newborns with suspected, serious infections in low‐ and middle‐income countries Review question In low‐ and middle‐income countries, are antibiotics delivered in the home or clinic an effective method for treating newborns with suspected, serious bacterial infections? Background Given their fragility, newborns with a suspected, serious bacterial infection are advised to be admitted to a hospital and receive intravenous antibiotics. However, hospital admission is often not possible for families who live in countries with limited resources. Therefore, alternative methods of delivering antibiotics to sick newborns have been studied. Treating a newborn outside of the hospital relies on a community health worker with limited, but targeted training, to diagnose the infection, dispense medication, and follow‐up the newborn's response, either at home or in a clinic. Also, antibiotics may be provided orally so that parents can administer at home, but oral antibiotics may be less potent than intravenous antibiotics. Study characteristics We searched medical databases and found two types of studies that addressed our review question. One group of five trials studied communities in which sick newborns were offered antibiotics in the home or ambulatory clinics and compared them to communities in which sick newborns received only the standard referral to a hospital. The second group of five trials treated sick newborns in the home or clinic with either the intravenous antibiotics that are typically administered in the hospital or with simpler antibiotic regimens that relied more on oral antibiotics. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries within sub‐Saharan Africa and South Asia. The evidence is up to date as of 16 April 2018. Key results There is reduced risk of newborn death when sick newborns are given antibiotics in the home or clinic compared to sick newborns who are only referred to a hospital, but this result is based on low‐quality evidence. In addition, the majority of the studies that examined home‐ or clinic‐based antibiotics included other interventions, such as improved care at birth, that may have influenced the findings. Moderate‐quality evidence showed that antibiotic regimens that involve fewer injections and can be administered in the home or clinic do not result in more newborn deaths when compared to the typically administered antibiotic regimens that rely solely on injections. Based on this result, simpler antibiotic regimens delivered in the home or clinic may be considered as an alternative treatment for sick newborns that cannot access a hospital. However, it is important to remember that the studies were conducted under ideal conditions with a high level of patient monitoring. Additional research in real‐world settings with limited resources are recommended to determine if the results hold true. Quality of evidence The quality of evidence ranged from low to moderate quality.
Manipulative therapies for infantile colic; Abstract - Background Infantile colic is a common disorder, affecting around one in six families, and in 2001 was reported to cost the UK National Health Service in excess of £65 million per year (Morris 2001). Although it usually remits by six months of age, there is some evidence of longer‐term sequelae for both children and parents. Manipulative therapies, such as chiropractic and osteopathy, have been suggested as interventions to reduce the severity of symptoms. Objectives To evaluate the results of studies designed to address efficacy or effectiveness of manipulative therapies (specifically, chiropractic, osteopathy and cranial manipulation) for infantile colic in infants less than six months of age. Search methods We searched following databases: CENTRAL (2012, Issue 4), MEDLINE (1948 to April Week 3 2012), EMBASE (1980 to 2012 Week 17), CINAHL (1938 to April 2012), PsycINFO (1806 to April 2012), Science Citation Index (1970 to April 2012), Social Science Citation Index (1970 to April 2012), Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Science (1990 to April 2012) and Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Social Science & Humanities (1970 to April 2012). We also searched all available years of LILACS, PEDro, ZETOC, WorldCat, TROVE, DART‐Europe, ClinicalTrials.gov and ICTRP (May 2012), and contacted over 90 chiropractic and osteopathic institutions around the world. In addition, we searched CentreWatch, NRR Archive and UKCRN in December 2010. Selection criteria Randomised trials evaluating the effect of chiropractic, osteopathy or cranial osteopathy alone or in conjunction with other interventions for the treatment of infantile colic. Data collection and analysis In pairs, five of the review authors (a) assessed the eligibility of studies against the inclusion criteria, (b) extracted data from the included studies and (c) assessed the risk of bias for all included studies. Each article or study was assessed independently by two review authors. One review author entered the data into Review Manager software and the team's statistician (PP) reviewed the chosen analytical settings. Main results We identified six studies for inclusion in our review, representing a total of 325 infants. There were three further studies that we could not find information about and we identified three other ongoing studies. Of the six included studies, five were suggestive of a beneficial effect and one found no evidence that manipulative therapies had any beneficial effect on the natural course of infantile colic. Tests for heterogeneity imply that there may be some underlying difference between this study and the other five. Five studies measured daily hours of crying and these data were combined, suggesting that manipulative therapies had a significant effect on infant colic ‐ reducing average crying time by one hour and 12 minutes per day (mean difference (MD) ‐1.20; 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.89 to ‐0.51). This conclusion is sustained even when considering only studies with a low risk of selection bias (sequence generation and allocation concealment) (MD ‐1.24; 95% CI ‐2.16 to ‐0.33); those with a low risk of attrition bias (MD ‐1.95; 95% CI ‐2.96 to ‐0.94), or only those studies that have been published in the peer‐reviewed literature (MD ‐1.01; 95% CI ‐1.78 to ‐0.24). However, when combining only those studies with a low risk of performance bias (parental 'blinding'), the improvement in daily crying hours was not statistically significant (MD ‐0.57; 95% CI ‐2.24 to 1.09). One study considered whether the reduction in crying time was clinically significant. This found that a greater proportion of parents of infants receiving a manipulative therapy reported clinically significant improvements than did parents of those receiving no treatment (reduction in crying to less than two hours: odds ratio (OR) 6.33; 95% CI 1.54 to 26.00; more than 30% reduction in crying: OR 3.70; 95% CI 1.15 to 11.86). Analysis of data from three studies that measured 'full recovery' from colic as reported by parents found that manipulative therapies did not result in significantly higher proportions of parents reporting recovery (OR 11.12; 95% CI 0.46 to 267.52). One study measured infant sleeping time and found manipulative therapy resulted in statistically significant improvement (MD 1.17; 95% CI 0.22 to 2.12). The quality of the studies was variable. There was a generally low risk of selection bias but only two of the six studies were evaluated as being at low risk of performance bias, three at low risk of detection bias and one at low risk of attrition bias. One of the studies recorded adverse events and none were encountered. However, with only a sample of 325 infants, we have too few data to reach any definitive conclusions about safety. Authors' conclusions The studies included in this meta‐analysis were generally small and methodologically prone to bias, which makes it impossible to arrive at a definitive conclusion about the effectiveness of manipulative therapies for infantile colic. The majority of the included trials appeared to indicate that the parents of infants receiving manipulative therapies reported fewer hours crying per day than parents whose infants did not, based on contemporaneous crying diaries, and this difference was statistically significant. The trials also indicate that a greater proportion of those parents reported improvements that were clinically significant. However, most studies had a high risk of performance bias due to the fact that the assessors (parents) were not blind to who had received the intervention. When combining only those trials with a low risk of such performance bias, the results did not reach statistical significance. Further research is required where those assessing the treatment outcomes do not know whether or not the infant has received a manipulative therapy. There are inadequate data to reach any definitive conclusions about the safety of these interventions. Plain language summary Manipulative therapies for infantile colic Infantile colic is a distressing problem, characterised by excessive crying of infants and it is the most common complaints seen by physicians in the first 16 weeks of a child's life. It is usually considered a benign disorder because the symptoms generally disappear by the age of five or six months. However, the degree of distress caused to parents and family life is such that physicians often feel the need to intervene. Some studies suggest that there are longer‐lasting effects on the child, and estimates in 2001 put the cost to the UK National Health Service at over £65 million. It has been suggested that certain gentle (low velocity, low amplitude) manipulative techniques (such as those used in osteopathy and chiropractic therapies) might safely reduce the symptoms associated with infantile colic, specifically excessive crying time. This review included six randomised trials involving 325 infants who received manipulative treatment or had been part of a control group. The studies involved too few participants and were of insufficient quality to draw confident conclusions about the usefulness and safety of manipulative therapies. Although five of the six trials suggested crying is reduced by treatment with manipulative therapies, there was no evidence of manipulative therapies improving infant colic when we only included studies where the parents did not know if their child had received the treatment or not. No adverse effects were found, but they were only evaluated in one of the six studies. Further rigorous research is required where (a) infants are randomly allocated to receive either treatment or no treatment and (b) those assessing the treatment outcomes do not know whether or not the infant has received a manipulative therapy.
Early discharge hospital at home; Abstract - Background Early discharge hospital at home is a service that provides active treatment by healthcare professionals in the patient's home for a condition that otherwise would require acute hospital inpatient care. This is an update of a Cochrane review. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and cost of managing patients with early discharge hospital at home compared with inpatient hospital care. Search methods We searched the following databases to 9 January 2017: the Cochrane Effective Practice and Organisation of Care Group (EPOC) register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and EconLit. We searched clinical trials registries. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing early discharge hospital at home with acute hospital inpatient care for adults. We excluded obstetric, paediatric and mental health hospital at home schemes.   Data collection and analysis We followed the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane and EPOC. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of the body of evidence for the most important outcomes. Main results We included 32 trials (N = 4746), six of them new for this update, mainly conducted in high‐income countries. We judged most of the studies to have a low or unclear risk of bias. The intervention was delivered by hospital outreach services (17 trials), community‐based services (11 trials), and was co‐ordinated by a hospital‐based stroke team or physician in conjunction with community‐based services in four trials. Studies recruiting people recovering from stroke Early discharge hospital at home probably makes little or no difference to mortality at three to six months (risk ratio (RR) 0.92, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.57 to 1.48, N = 1114, 11 trials, moderate‐certainty evidence) and may make little or no difference to the risk of hospital readmission (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.66, N = 345, 5 trials, low‐certainty evidence). Hospital at home may lower the risk of living in institutional setting at six months (RR 0.63, 96% CI 0.40 to 0.98; N = 574, 4 trials, low‐certainty evidence) and might slightly improve patient satisfaction (N = 795, low‐certainty evidence). Hospital at home probably reduces hospital length of stay, as moderate‐certainty evidence found that people assigned to hospital at home are discharged from the intervention about seven days earlier than people receiving inpatient care (95% CI 10.19 to 3.17 days earlier, N = 528, 4 trials). It is uncertain whether hospital at home has an effect on cost (very low‐certainty evidence). Studies recruiting people with a mix of medical conditions Early discharge hospital at home probably makes little or no difference to mortality (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.49; N = 1247, 8 trials, moderate‐certainty evidence). In people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) there was insufficient information to determine the effect of these two approaches on mortality (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.12, N = 496, 5 trials, low‐certainty evidence). The intervention probably increases the risk of hospital readmission in a mix of medical conditions, although the results are also compatible with no difference and a relatively large increase in the risk of readmission (RR 1.25, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.58, N = 1276, 9 trials, moderate‐certainty evidence). Early discharge hospital at home may decrease the risk of readmission for people with COPD (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.13, N = 496, 5 trials low‐certainty evidence). Hospital at home may lower the risk of living in an institutional setting (RR 0.69, 0.48 to 0.99; N = 484, 3 trials, low‐certainty evidence). The intervention might slightly improve patient satisfaction (N = 900, low‐certainty evidence). The effect of early discharge hospital at home on hospital length of stay for older patients with a mix of conditions ranged from a reduction of 20 days to a reduction of less than half a day (moderate‐certainty evidence, N = 767). It is uncertain whether hospital at home has an effect on cost (very low‐certainty evidence). Studies recruiting people undergoing elective surgery Three studies did not report higher rates of mortality with hospital at home compared with inpatient care (data not pooled, N = 856, low‐certainty evidence; mainly orthopaedic surgery). Hospital at home may lead to little or no difference in readmission to hospital for people who were mainly recovering from orthopaedic surgery (N = 1229, low‐certainty evidence). We could not establish the effects of hospital at home on the risk of living in institutional care, due to a lack of data. The intervention might slightly improve patient satisfaction (N = 1229, low‐certainty evidence). People recovering from orthopaedic surgery allocated to early discharge hospital at home were discharged from the intervention on average four days earlier than people allocated to usual inpatient care (4.44 days earlier, 95% CI 6.37 to 2.51 days earlier, , N = 411, 4 trials, moderate‐certainty evidence). It is uncertain whether hospital at home has an effect on cost (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Despite increasing interest in the potential of early discharge hospital at home services as a less expensive alternative to inpatient care, this review provides insufficient evidence of economic benefit (through a reduction in hospital length of stay) or improved health outcomes. Plain language summary Services for patients discharged home early What is the aim of this review? To find out if providing early discharge hospital at home improves patient health outcomes and reduces costs to the health service, compared with in‐hospital care. Key messages Compared with in‐hospital care, early discharge hospital at home probably makes little or no difference to patient health outcomes or being readmitted to hospital, and probably reduces hospital length of stay and the chance of being admitted to an institution such as a care home. Patients who receive care at home might be more satisfied with the care received. The effect on health service costs is uncertain. What was studied in this review ? One way to deal with the demand for hospital beds is to reduce hospital length of stay by discharging people early to receive health care at home. We systematically reviewed the literature on the effect of providing early discharge hospital at home services. These services are usually provided by a team of healthcare professionals, such as doctors, nurses and physiotherapists. The team visits the homes of people who have been discharged early to provide them with acute hospital care in their homes. We were interested in assessing the impact of early discharge hospital at home had on patient health outcomes and health service costs. This is an update of a Cochrane Review. What are the main results of this review?   The review authors found 32 studies, six of which are new for this update. In total, 4746 people from twelve countries participated in those studies. The intervention was mainly delivered by hospital outreach services and community‐based services. Most of the studies were well designed and conducted. The studies looked at the effect of these services in patients with different types of conditions: patients who had a stroke, older patients with different types of medical conditions and patients who had surgery. These studies show that, when compared to in‐hospital care, early discharge hospital at home services probably make little or no difference to patient health outcomes or being readmitted to hospital, yet probably decreases hospital length of stay. Patients who receive care at home might be more satisfied and less likely to be admitted to institutional care. There is little evidence of cost savings to the healthcare system of discharging patients home early to hospital at home care. How up to date is the review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 9 January 2017.
Clomiphene and other antioestrogens for ovulation induction in polycystic ovarian syndrome; Abstract - Background Subfertility due to anovulation is a common problem in women. First‐line oral treatment is with antioestrogens such as clomiphene citrate, but resistance may be apparent with clomiphene. Alternative and adjunctive treatments have been used including tamoxifen, dexamethasone, and bromocriptine. The effectiveness of these is to be determined. Objectives To determine the relative effectiveness of antioestrogen agents including clomiphene alone or in combination with other medical therapies in women with subfertility associated with anovulation, possibly caused by polycystic ovarian syndrome. Search methods We conducted a search of the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, and CINAHL (all from inception to August 2016) to identify relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We searched the United Kingdom National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE) guidelines and the references of relevant reviews and RCTs. We also searched the clinical trial registries for ongoing trials (inception until August 2016). Selection criteria We considered RCTs comparing oral antioestrogen agents for ovulation induction (alone or in conjunction with medical therapies) in anovulatory subfertility. We excluded insulin‐sensitising agents, aromatase inhibitors, and hyperprolactinaemic infertility. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed data extraction and quality assessment. The primary outcome was live birth; secondary outcomes were pregnancy, ovulation, miscarriage, multiple pregnancy, ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, and adverse effects. Main results This is a substantive update of a previous review. We identified an additional 13 studies in the 2016 update. The review now includes 28 RCTs (3377 women) and five RCTs awaiting classification. Five of the 28 included trials reported live birth/ongoing pregnancy. Secondary outcomes were poorly reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The primary reasons for downgrading the evidence were imprecision and risk of bias associated with poor reporting. Antioestrogen versus placebo Live birth rate, miscarriage rate, multiple pregnancy rate, and ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) No data were reported for these outcomes. Clinical pregnancy rate Clomiphene citrate was associated with an increased chance of a clinical pregnancy compared with placebo, though the size of the benefit was very uncertain (odds ratio (OR) 5.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.77 to 19.68; 3 studies; 133 women; low‐quality evidence). If the chance of a clinical pregnancy was 5% in the placebo group, then between 8% and 50% of women would have a clinical pregnancy in the clomiphene group. Clomiphene citrate versus tamoxifen Live birth rate There was no clear evidence of a difference in the chance of a live birth between the clomiphene citrate and tamoxifen groups (OR 1.24, 95% CI 0.59 to 2.62; 2 studies; 195 women; low‐quality evidence). If 20% of women in the tamoxifen group had a live birth, then between 13% and 40% of women in the clomiphene citrate group would have a live birth. Miscarriage rate There was no clear evidence of a difference in the chance of a miscarriage between the clomiphene citrate and tamoxifen groups (OR 1.81, 95% CI 0.80 to 4.12; 4 studies; 653 women; low‐quality evidence). If 3% of women in the tamoxifen group had a miscarriage, then between 2% and 10% in the clomiphene citrate group would have a miscarriage. Clinical pregnancy rate There was no clear evidence of a difference in the chance of a clinical pregnancy between the clomiphene citrate and tamoxifen groups (OR 1.30, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.85; 5 studies; 757 women; I 2  = 69%; low‐quality evidence). If 22% of women in the tamoxifen group had a clinical pregnancy, then between 21% and 35% in the clomiphene citrate group would have a clinical pregnancy. Multiple pregnancy rate There was insufficient evidence of a difference in the chance of a multiple pregnancy between the clomiphene citrate group (OR 2.34, 95% CI 0.34 to 16.04; 3 studies; 567 women; very low‐quality evidence). If 0% of women in the tamoxifen group had a multiple pregnancy, then between 0% and 0.5% of women in the clomiphene group would have a multiple pregnancy. OHSS There were no instances of OHSS in either the clomiphene citrate or the tamoxifen group reported from three studies. Clomiphene citrate with tamoxifen versus tamoxifen alone Clinical pregnancy rate There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was a difference between groups (OR 3.32, 95% CI 0.12 to 91.60; 1 study; 20 women; very low‐quality evidence). No data were reported for the other outcomes. Other comparisons of interest Limited evidence suggested that compared with a gonadotropin, clomiphene citrate was associated with a reduced chance of a pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, or live birth, with no clear evidence of a difference in multiple pregnancy rates. The comparison of clomiphene citrate plus medical adjunct versus clomiphene alone was limited by the number of trials reporting the comparison and poor reporting of clinical outcomes relevant to this systematic review and by the number of adjuncts reported (ketoconazole, bromocriptine, dexamethasone, combined oral contraceptive, human chorionic gonadotropin, hormone supplementation). The addition of dexamethasone or combined oral contraceptive suggested a possible benefit in pregnancy outcomes, but findings were very uncertain and further research is required to confirm this. There was limited evidence suggesting that a 10‐day regimen of clomiphene citrate improves pregnancy outcomes compared with a 5‐day regimen. Data for early versus late regimens of clomiphene citrate were insufficient to be able to make a judgement on differences for pregnancy outcomes. Authors' conclusions We found evidence suggesting that clomiphene citrate improves the chance of a clinical pregnancy compared with placebo, but may reduce the chance of live birth or ongoing pregnancy when compared with a gonadotropin. Due to low event rates, we advise caution interpreting these data. The comparison of clomiphene citrate plus medical adjunctive versus clomiphene alone was limited by the number of trials reporting the comparison. The evidence was very low quality and no firm conclusions could be drawn, but very limited evidence suggested a benefit from adjunctive dexamethasone or combined oral contraceptives. Low‐quality evidence suggested that a 10‐day regimen of clomiphene citrate improves pregnancy rates compared with a 5‐day regimen, but further research is required. Plain language summary Clomiphene and other antioestrogens for subfertility associated with anovulation Review question Do antioestrogens including clomiphene improve fertility in women with anovulation associated with polycystic ovary syndrome? Background Subfertility due to the absence of ovulation is a common problem in women. Medical treatment may help these women ovulate. For example, oral antioestrogens such as clomiphene cause increased stimulation of the ovaries and aid ovulation. Study characteristics We added 13 new studies in the 2016 update, and the review now includes 28 trials (3377 women). Five of the 28 included trials reported live birth. Miscarriage, multiple pregnancy rates, and adverse events such as ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome were poorly reported. The evidence is current to August 2016. Key results We found evidence suggesting that clomiphene citrate improves the chance of a clinical pregnancy compared with placebo. There was no evidence of a difference between clomiphene and tamoxifen, a similar antioestrogen drug. Women treated with clomiphene citrate were less likely to get pregnant or have a live baby compared with women who had received gonadotropins; there was no evidence for a difference in the chance of a multiple pregnancy. The numbers of women getting pregnant in these trials were very small, therefore we cannot be certain of the results. Both dexamethasone (a steroid) and combined oral contraceptives are used to supplement clomiphene and show promise, but more studies are needed to confirm this. Few studies reported beyond the establishment of early pregnancy; given the reported risks of miscarriage with clomiphene treatment, no definitive conclusions can be drawn about effective treatment. We found evidence suggesting that a 10‐day regimen of clomiphene citrate improved pregnancy outcomes when compared with a 5‐day regimen, although the volume of data is limited and further research is required. There were insufficient data reported for early versus late regimens of clomiphene citrate to be able to make a judgement on differences for pregnancy outcomes. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The primary reasons for downgrading evidence were imprecision and risk of bias.
Inhaled antibiotics for pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder in which abnormal mucus in the lungs is associated with susceptibility to persistent infection. Pulmonary exacerbations are when symptoms of infection become more severe. Antibiotics are an essential part of treatment for exacerbations and inhaled antibiotics may be used alone or in conjunction with oral antibiotics for milder exacerbations or with intravenous antibiotics for more severe infections. Inhaled antibiotics do not cause the same adverse effects as intravenous antibiotics and may prove an alternative in people with poor access to their veins. This is an update of a previously published review. Objectives To determine if treatment of pulmonary exacerbations with inhaled antibiotics in people with cystic fibrosis improves their quality of life, reduces time off school or work, and improves their long‐term lung function. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis Group's Cystic Fibrosis Trials Register. Date of the last search: 7 March 2022. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov, the Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry and WHO ICTRP for relevant trials. Date of last search: 3 May 2022. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in people with cystic fibrosis with a pulmonary exacerbation in whom treatment with inhaled antibiotics was compared to placebo, standard treatment or another inhaled antibiotic for between one and four weeks. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected eligible trials, assessed the risk of bias in each trial and extracted data. They assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE criteria. Authors of the included trials were contacted for more information. Main results Five trials with 183 participants are included in the review. Two trials (77 participants) compared inhaled antibiotics alone to intravenous antibiotics alone and three trials (106 participants) compared a combination of inhaled and intravenous antibiotics to intravenous antibiotics alone. Trials were heterogenous in design and two were only available in abstract form. Risk of bias was difficult to assess in most trials but, for four out of five trials, we judged there to be a high risk from lack of blinding and an unclear risk with regards to randomisation. Results were not fully reported and only limited data were available for analysis. One trial was a cross‐over design and we only included data from the first intervention arm. Inhaled antibiotics alone versus intravenous antibiotics alone Only one trial (18 participants) reported a perceived improvement in lifestyle (quality of life) in both groups (very low‐certainty evidence). Neither trial reported on time off work or school. Both trials measured lung function, but there was no difference reported between treatment groups (very low‐certainty evidence). With regards to our secondary outcomes, one trial (18 participants) reported no difference in the need for additional antibiotics and the second trial (59 participants) reported on the time to next exacerbation. In neither case was a difference between treatments identified (both very low‐certainty evidence). The single trial (18 participants) measuring adverse events and sputum microbiology did not observe any in either treatment group for either outcome (very low‐certainty  evidence). Inhaled antibiotics plus intravenous antibiotics versus intravenous antibiotics alone Inhaled antibiotics plus intravenous antibiotics may make little or no difference to quality of life compared to intravenous antibiotics alone. None of the trials reported time off work or school. All three trials measured lung function, but found no difference between groups in forced expiratory volume in one second (two trials; 44 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) or vital capacity (one trial; 62 participants). None of the trials reported on the need for additional antibiotics. Inhaled plus intravenous antibiotics may make little difference to the time to next exacerbation; however, one trial (28 participants) reported on hospital admissions and found no difference between groups. There is likely no difference between groups in adverse events (very low‐certainty evidence) and one trial (62 participants) reported no difference in the emergence of antibiotic‐resistant organisms (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions We identified only low‐ or very low‐certainty evidence to judge the effectiveness of inhaled antibiotics for the treatment of pulmonary exacerbations in people with cystic fibrosis. The included trials were not sufficiently powered to achieve their goals. Hence, we are unable to demonstrate whether one treatment was superior to the other or not. Further research is needed to establish whether inhaled tobramycin may be used as an alternative to intravenous tobramycin for some pulmonary exacerbations. Plain language summary Inhaling antibiotics to treat temporary worsening of lung infection in people with cystic fibrosis Review question What evidence is there for using inhaled antibiotics to treat exacerbations (flare ups) of lung infection in people with cystic fibrosis? Background Cystic fibrosis is a serious genetic disorder that results in abnormally sticky mucus in several parts of the body. In the lungs this sticky mucus can lead to repeated infections. An exacerbation makes the symptoms of infection more severe. Antibiotics are an essential part of treatment and may be given by mouth (orally), by needle into the blood stream (intravenously) or by inhaling the drug. We wanted to learn if inhaling antibiotics improved general health compared to the other methods. This might mean that people with cystic fibrosis could avoid hospitalisation for intravenous antibiotics and some side effects of intravenous treatment. Inhaling the antibiotics would also be easier for people who have difficulty with access to their veins. This is an updated version of the review. Search date We last looked for evidence on 7 March 2022. Study characteristics We found five trials comparing different ways of giving antibiotics when treating exacerbations in a total of 183 people with cystic fibrosis. Two trials compared inhaled antibiotics alone to intravenous antibiotics alone (77 participants) and three trials compared a combination of inhaled and intravenous antibiotics to intravenous antibiotics alone (106 participants). In all trials, the inhaled antibiotics were compared to the same antibiotics given intravenously. The numbers of participants in each trial ranged from 16 to 62. Key results Inhaled antibiotics alone versus intravenous antibiotics alone One trial (18 participants) reported a perceived improvement in lifestyle in both groups, but neither trial reported on time off work or school. Both trials measured lung function, but neither reported any difference between treatment groups. One trial (18 participants) reported no difference in the need for additional antibiotics and the second trial (59 participants) reported on the length of time until the next exacerbation ‐ there was no difference between inhaled or intravenous antibiotics for either outcome. Only one trial (18 participants) measured adverse events and sputum microbiology, but did not find any difference between treatments for either outcome. Inhaled antibiotics plus intravenous antibiotics versus intravenous antibiotics alone One trial found that there is likely no difference in quality of life between treatments. All of the trials reported lung function, but found no difference between groups. One trial showed there to be little or no difference in the time until the next exacerbation. None of the trials reported on the need for additional antibiotics; however, one trial (28 participants) found no difference in the number of hospital admissions between groups. There may be no difference between groups in adverse events and one trial (62 participants) reported no difference in the appearance of antibiotic‐resistant organisms. Certainty of the evidence We graded the certainty of the evidence as very low or low. We had concerns since only one trial stated how the participants were diagnosed with CF or how they defined an exacerbation. It was not possible to keep secret which treatment the participants were receiving, as the trials compared different ways of giving the antibiotics; we thought this would likely influence some of the results. We were not sure whether the participants were put into the different groups truly at random and we do not know how this might have affected the results.
Exercise for dysmenorrhoea; Abstract - Background Exercise has a number of health benefits and has been recommended as a treatment for primary dysmenorrhoea (period pain), but the evidence for its effectiveness on primary dysmenorrhoea is unclear. This review examined the available evidence supporting the use of exercise to treat primary dysmenorrhoea. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of exercise for women with primary dysmenorrhoea. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility specialised register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, AMED and CINAHL (from inception to July 2019). We searched two clinical trial databases (inception to March 2019) and handsearched reference lists and previous systematic reviews. Selection criteria We included studies if they randomised women with moderate‐to‐severe primary dysmenorrhoea to receive exercise versus no treatment, attention control, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or the oral contraceptive pill. Cross‐over studies and cluster‐randomised trials were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected the studies, assessed eligible studies for risk of bias, and extracted data from each study. We contacted study authors for missing information. We assessed the quality of the evidence using GRADE. Our primary outcomes were menstrual pain intensity and adverse events. Secondary outcomes included overall menstrual symptoms, usage of rescue analgesic medication, restriction of daily life activities, absence from work or school and quality of life. Main results We included a total of 12 trials with 854 women in the review, with 10 trials and 754 women in the meta‐analysis. Nine of the 10 studies compared exercise with no treatment, and one study compared exercise with NSAIDs. No studies compared exercise with attention control or with the oral contraceptive pill. Studies used low‐intensity exercise (stretching, core strengthening or yoga) or high‐intensity exercise (Zumba or aerobic training); none of the included studies used resistance training.    Exercise versus no treatment Exercise may have a large effect on reducing menstrual pain intensity compared to no exercise (standard mean difference (SMD) ‐1.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐2.06 to ‐1.66; 9 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), n = 632; I 2 = 91%; low‐quality evidence). This SMD corresponds to a 25 mm reduction on a 100 mm visual analogue scale (VAS) and is likely to be clinically significant. We are uncertain if there is any difference in adverse event rates between exercise and no treatment. We are uncertain if exercise reduces overall menstrual symptoms (as measured by the Moos Menstrual Distress Questionnaire (MMDQ)), such as back pain or fatigue compared to no treatment (mean difference (MD) ‐33.16, 95% CI ‐40.45 to ‐25.87; 1 RCT, n = 120; very low‐quality evidence), or improves mental quality of life (MD 4.40, 95% CI 1.59 to 7.21; 1 RCT, n = 55; very low‐quality evidence) or physical quality of life (as measured by the 12‐Item Short Form Health Survey (SF‐12)) compared to no exercise (MD 3.40, 95% CI ‐1.68 to 8.48; 1 RCT, n = 55; very low‐quality evidence) when compared to no treatment. No studies reported on any changes in restriction of daily life activities or on absence from work or school. Exercise versus NSAIDs We are uncertain if exercise, when compared with mefenamic acid, reduced menstrual pain intensity (MD ‐7.40, 95% CI ‐8.36 to ‐6.44; 1 RCT, n = 122; very low‐quality evidence), use of rescue analgesic medication (risk ratio (RR) 1.77, 95% CI 1.21 to 2.60; 1 RCT, n = 122; very low‐quality evidence) or absence from work or school (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.49 to 2.03; 1 RCT, n = 122; very low‐quality evidence). None of the included studies reported on adverse events, overall menstrual symptoms, restriction of daily life activities or quality of life. Authors' conclusions The current low‐quality evidence suggests that exercise, performed for about 45 to 60 minutes each time, three times per week or more, regardless of intensity, may provide a clinically significant reduction in menstrual pain intensity of around 25 mm on a 100 mm VAS. All studies used exercise regularly throughout the month, with some studies asking women not to exercise during menstruation. Given the overall health benefits of exercise, and the relatively low risk of side effects reported in the general population, women may consider using exercise, either alone or in conjunction with other modalities, such as NSAIDs, to manage menstrual pain. It is unclear if the benefits of exercise persist after regular exercise has stopped or if they are similar in women over the age of 25. Further research is required, using validated outcome measures, adequate blinding and suitable comparator groups reflecting current best practice or accounting for the extra attention given during exercise. Plain language summary Exercise for dysmenorrhoea Review question Cochrane authors reviewed the evidence on the effectiveness and safety of exercise in women with primary dysmenorrhoea (period pain). Background We wanted to know whether using exercise was better than receiving no treatment, a treatment that gives you some attention but is not exercise, or currently recommended pharmaceutical medications for primary dysmenorrhoea, such as the oral contraceptive pill or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). Study characteristics We found 12 studies including 854 women that examined the effect of exercise in women with period pain. The evidence is current to August 2019. Two trials did not report data suitable to be included in the meta‐analysis, so we included 10 trials with 754 women in our meta‐analysis. Eleven trials compared exercise with no treatment and one compared exercise with NSAIDs. Key results Exercise, whether low‐intensity, such as yoga, or high‐intensity, such as aerobics, may provide a large reduction in the intensity of period pain, compared to not doing anything. This reduction in pain was likely to be important to women with period pain as it is over twice the minimum amount of pain reduction we think is needed to notice a difference. Most studies asked women to exercise at least three times per week, for about 45 to 60 minutes of exercise each time. It is unclear if exercising less frequently, or for a shorter duration would have the same results. Exercise was performed regularly throughout the month, with some studies asking women not to perform exercise during the period itself. The evidence for the safety of exercise was not well reported and so we cannot draw any conclusions. Other outcomes, such as the effect on overall menstrual symptoms or overall quality of life, were not well reported and the evidence was of very low quality, so we cannot be sure if exercise has any effect on these outcomes. No studies reported on rates of being absent from work or school or on restrictions of daily life activities. There was not enough evidence to determine if there was any benefit of exercise when compared to NSAIDs, a class of medications (like ibuprofen) commonly used to treat period pain, on menstrual pain intensity, need for additional pain‐relieving medication, or absence from work or school. No studies reported on quality of life or restriction of daily life activities Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations were imprecision due to small sample sizes (too few women in the study), inconsistency (studies gave very different results) and risk of bias related to blinding (where researchers or participants knew what treatment they were getting).
Activity monitors for increasing physical activity in adult stroke survivors; Abstract - Background Stroke is the third leading cause of disability worldwide. Physical activity is important for secondary stroke prevention and for promoting functional recovery. However, people with stroke are more inactive than healthy age‐matched controls. Therefore, interventions to increase activity after stroke are vital to reduce stroke‐related disability. Objectives To summarise the available evidence regarding the effectiveness of commercially available, wearable activity monitors and smartphone applications for increasing physical activity levels in people with stroke. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, SPORTDiscus, and the following clinical trial registers: WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, Clinical Trials, EU Clinical Trial Register, ISRCTN Registry, Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry, and Stroke Trials Registry to 3 March 2018. We also searched reference lists, Web of Science forward tracking, and Google Scholar, and contacted trial authors to obtain further data if required. We did not restrict the search on language or publication status. Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and randomised cross‐over trials that included use of activity monitors versus no intervention, another type of intervention, or other activity monitor. Participants were aged 18 years or older with a diagnosis of stroke, in hospital or living in the community. Primary outcome measures were steps per day and time in moderate‐to‐vigorous intensity activity. Secondary outcomes were sedentary time, time spent in light intensity physical activity, walking duration, fatigue, mood, quality of life, community participation and adverse events. We excluded upper limb monitors that only measured upper limb activity. Data collection and analysis We followed standard Cochrane methodology to analyse and interpret the data. At least two authors independently screened titles and abstracts for inclusion. We resolved disagreements by consulting a third review author. We extracted the following data from included studies into a standardised template: type of study, participant population, study setting, intervention and co‐interventions, time‐frame, and outcomes. We graded levels of bias as high, low, or unclear, and assessed the quality of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results We retrieved 28,098 references, from which we identified 29 potential articles. Four RCTs (in 11 reports) met the inclusion criteria.The sample sizes ranged from 27 to 135 (total 245 participants). Time poststroke varied from less than one week (n = 1), to one to three months (n = 2), or a median of 51 months (n = 1). Stroke severity ranged from a median of one to six on the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS). Three studies were conducted in inpatient rehabilitation, and one was in a university laboratory. All studies compared use of activity monitor plus another intervention (e.g. a walking retraining programme or an inpatient rehabilitation programme) versus the other intervention alone. Three studies reported on the primary outcome of daily step counts. There was no clear effect for the use of activity monitors in conjunction with other interventions on step count in a community setting (mean difference (MD) ‐1930 steps, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐4410 to 550; 1 RCT, 27 participants; very low‐quality evidence), or in an inpatient rehabilitation setting (MD 1400 steps, 95% CI ‐40 to 2840; 2 RCTs, 83 participants; very low‐quality evidence). No studies reported the primary outcome moderate‐to‐vigorous physical activity, but one did report time spent in moderate and vigorous intensity activity separately: this study reported that an activity monitor in addition to usual inpatient rehabilitation increased the time spent on moderate intensity physical activity by 4.4 minutes per day (95% CI 0.28 to 8.52; 1 RCT, 48 participants; low‐quality evidence) compared with usual rehabilitation alone, but there was no clear effect for the use of an activity monitor plus usual rehabilitation for increasing time spent in vigorous intensity physical activity compared to usual rehabilitation (MD 2.6 minutes per day, 95% CI ‐0.8 to 6; 1 RCT, 48 participants; low‐quality evidence). The overall risk of bias was low, apart from high‐risk for blinding of participants and study personnel. None of the included studies reported any information relating to adverse effects. Authors' conclusions Only four small RCTs with 274 participants (three in inpatient rehabilitation and one in the community) have examined the efficacy of activity monitors for increasing physical activity after stroke. Although these studies showed activity monitors could be incorporated into practice, there is currently not enough evidence to support the use of activity monitors to increase physical activity after stroke. Plain language summary Do activity monitors help adults with stroke become more physically active? Review question We reviewed the available evidence regarding the effectiveness of commercially available, wearable devices (for example pedometers, Fitbit, and Garmin watches) and smartphone applications (for example Runkeeper, Fitbit application) for increasing physical activity levels for people with stroke. Background Promoting physical activity is an important health intervention for people with stroke. The association between health and physical activity is well known. People with stroke face additional challenges to engage in sufficient physical activity for health benefits, and are often very inactive. Increasing physical activity levels in stroke survivors in both hospital and community settings is important. Providing feedback to stroke survivors about their physical activity levels is one strategy that could change their behaviour and increase physical activity levels. Wearable devices that count steps or measure activity, or smartphone applications that provide feedback about physical activity could be useful. Understanding how effective such devices are to increase physical activity has the potential to benefit all people after stroke. Study characteristics We included four trials in this review, comprising 245 participants, ranging in age from 22 to 92 years. Three trials measured physical activity outcomes after the treatment period. Trials were conducted in hospital and community settings. All participants were able to communicate and provide informed consent, and all were able to walk at least five steps without supervision or assistance. The experimental groups in the trials received feedback at least daily on the number of steps taken. Search date We searched for studies up to 3 March 2018. Key results We found that the use of wearable activity monitors to provide feedback on physical activity did not increase physical activity levels in people with stroke. No conclusions could be drawn regarding the influence of stroke severity, walking ability, stroke survivor age, or time poststroke on the outcomes. The four included studies were conducted in different settings, and used different outcome measures, which limited the ability to combine data. No study reported whether the use of physical activity monitors was harmful. More research is needed to determine if they are effective. Quality of the evidence Using the GRADE approach, the quality of the evidence was low to very low, due to the small number of studies, small sample sizes, and because no study was able to blind the participants or the therapists delivering the intervention (they were aware that a device was being used and aware of the feedback that was being provided by the device).
Pharmacological interventions for painful sickle cell vaso‐occlusive crises in adults; Abstract - Background Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of inherited disorders of haemoglobin (Hb) structure in a person who has inherited two mutant globin genes (one from each parent), at least one of which is always the sickle mutation. It is estimated that between 5% and 7% of the world's population are carriers of the mutant Hb gene, and SCD is the most commonly inherited blood disorder. SCD is characterized by distorted sickle‐shaped red blood cells. Manifestations of the disease are attributed to either haemolysis (premature red cell destruction) or vaso‐occlusion (obstruction of blood flow, the most common manifestation). Shortened lifespans are attributable to serious comorbidities associated with the disease, including renal failure, acute cholecystitis, pulmonary hypertension, aplastic crisis, pulmonary embolus, stroke, acute chest syndrome, and sepsis. Vaso‐occlusion can lead to an acute, painful crisis (sickle cell crisis, vaso‐occlusive crisis (VOC) or vaso‐occlusive episode). Pain is most often reported in the joints, extremities, back or chest, but it can occur anywhere and can last for several days or weeks. The bone and muscle pain experienced during a sickle cell crisis is both acute and recurrent. Key pharmacological treatments for VOC include opioid analgesics, non‐opioid analgesics, and combinations of drugs. Non‐pharmacological approaches, such as relaxation, hypnosis, heat, ice and acupuncture, have been used in conjunction to rehydrating the patient and reduce the sickling process. Objectives To assess the analgesic efficacy and adverse events of pharmacological interventions to treat acute painful sickle cell vaso‐occlusive crises in adults, in any setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) via the Cochrane Register of Studies Online, MEDLINE via Ovid, Embase via Ovid and LILACS, from inception to September 2019. We also searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews, and searched online clinical trial registries. Selection criteria Randomized, controlled, double‐blind trials of pharmacological interventions, of any dose and by any route, compared to placebo or any active comparator, for the treatment (not prevention) of painful sickle cell VOC in adults. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed studies for eligibility. We planned to use dichotomous data to calculate risk ratio (RR) and number needed to treat for one additional event, using standard methods. Our primary outcomes were participant‐reported pain relief of 50%, or 30%, or greater; Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC)  very much  improved, or  much or very much  improved. Our secondary outcomes included adverse events, serious adverse events, and withdrawals due to adverse events. We assessed GRADE and created three 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results We included nine studies with data for 638 VOC events and 594 participants aged 17 to 42 years with SCD presenting to a hospital emergency department in a painful VOC. Three studies investigated a non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug (NSAID) compared to placebo. One study compared an opioid with a placebo, two studies compared an opioid with an active comparator, two studies compared an anticoagulant with a placebo, and one study compared a combination of three drugs with a combination of four drugs. Risk of bias across the nine studies varied. Studies were primarily at an unclear risk of selection, performance, and detection bias. Studies were primarily at a high risk of bias for size with fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm; two studies had 50 to 199 participants per treatment arm (unclear risk). Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAID) compared with placebo No data were reported regarding participant‐reported pain relief of 50% or 30% or greater. The efficacy was uncertain regarding PGIC  very much  improved, and PGIC  much or very much  improved (no difference; 1 study, 21 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Very low‐quality, uncertain results suggested similar rates of adverse events across both the NSAIDs group (16/45 adverse events, 1/56 serious adverse events, and 1/56 withdrawal due to adverse events) and the placebo group (19/45 adverse events, 2/56 serious adverse events, and 1/56 withdrawal due to adverse events). Opioids compared with placebo No data were reported regarding participant‐reported pain relief of 50% or 30%, PGIC, or adverse events (any adverse event, serious adverse events, and withdrawals due to adverse events). Opioids compared with active comparator No data were reported regarding participant‐reported pain relief of 50% or 30% or greater. The results were uncertain regarding PGIC  very much  improved (33% of the opioids group versus 19% of the placebo group). No data were reported regarding PGIC  much or very much  improved. Very low‐quality, uncertain results suggested similar rates of adverse events across both the opioids group (9/66 adverse events, and 0/66 serious adverse events) and the placebo group (7/64 adverse events, 0/66 serious adverse events). No data were reported regarding withdrawal due to adverse events. Quality of the evidence We downgraded the quality of the evidence by three levels to very low‐quality because there are too few data to have confidence in results (e.g. too few participants per treatment arm). Where no data were reported for an outcome, we had no evidence to support or refute (quality of the evidence is unknown). Authors' conclusions This review identified only nine studies, with insufficient data for all pharmacological interventions for analysis. The available evidence is very uncertain regarding the efficacy or harm from pharmacological interventions used to treat pain related to sickle cell VOC in adults. This area could benefit most from more high quality, certain evidence, as well as the establishment of suitable registries which record interventions and outcomes for this group of people. Plain language summary Medicines for treating painful sickle cell crises in adults Bottom line We are uncertain which medicines provide the best pain relief for adults experiencing a painful sickle cell crisis. Background People with sickle cell disease have abnormally shaped red cells in their blood. Sickle cell disease is the most common inherited blood disorder around the world. It is estimated globally that 367 million to 500 million people are carriers. People with sickle cell disease have a higher chance of life‐threatening complications, such as infection, severe chest pain and stroke in early life, and kidney or liver damage in adulthood. A pain crisis is the most common problem of sickle cell disease and can require several treatments at once, usually in an emergency situation. The first priority is to control the pain, using medicines (such as opioids, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatories, paracetamol, and blood thinners) or relaxation, hypnosis, heat, ice, or acupuncture. Study characteristics In September 2019, we searched for clinical trials that used medicines in any setting to treat painful sickle cell crises. We found nine trials, with 594 adults (aged 17 to 42 years) who had sickle cell disease, experiencing a combined total of 638 painful episodes. Key results The studies looked at different comparisons of the medicines butorphanol, cetiedil, fentanyl, ketoprofen, ketorolac, metoclopramide, morphine, paracetamol, placebo, tinzaparin, and tramadol. Only three studies compared the same two drugs (non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen, aspirin, or naproxen, with a placebo (pretend treatment)) and we had very limited data to be able to investigate the effects on pain scores from these medicines. Side effects were rare and were generally mild. Quality of the evidence We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low‐quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High‐quality evidence means that we are very confident in the results. For pain relief and side effects, we rated the quality of evidence as very low. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to very low because there were not enough data (e.g. too few participants). For some outcomes the quality of the evidence is unknown because there was no evidence available.
Exercise training for bronchiectasis; Abstract - Background Bronchiectasis is characterised by excessive sputum production, chronic cough, and acute exacerbations and is associated with symptoms of dyspnoea and fatigue, which reduce exercise tolerance and impair quality of life. Exercise training in isolation or in conjunction with other interventions is beneficial for people with other respiratory diseases, but its effects in bronchiectasis have not been well established. Objectives To determine effects of exercise training compared to usual care on exercise tolerance (primary outcome), quality of life (primary outcome), incidence of acute exacerbation and hospitalisation, respiratory and mental health symptoms, physical function, mortality, and adverse events in people with stable or acute exacerbation of bronchiectasis. Search methods We identified trials from the Cochrane Airways Specialised Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization trials portal, from their inception to October 2020. We reviewed respiratory conference abstracts and reference lists of all primary studies and review articles for additional references. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials in which exercise training of at least four weeks' duration (or eight sessions) was compared to usual care for people with stable bronchiectasis or experiencing an acute exacerbation. Co‐interventions with exercise training including education, respiratory muscle training, and airway clearance therapy were permitted if also applied as part of usual care. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened and selected trials for inclusion, extracted outcome data, and assessed risk of bias. We contacted study authors for missing data. We calculated mean differences (MDs) using a random‐effects model. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We included six studies, two of which were published as abstracts, with a total of 275 participants. Five studies were undertaken with people with clinically stable bronchiectasis, and one pilot study was undertaken post acute exacerbation. All studies included co‐interventions such as instructions for airway clearance therapy and/or breathing strategies, provision of an educational booklet, and delivery of educational sessions. The duration of training ranged from six to eight weeks, with a mix of supervised and unsupervised sessions conducted in the outpatient or home setting. No studies of children were included in the review; however we identified two studies as currently ongoing. No data were available regarding physical activity levels or adverse events. For people with stable bronchiectasis, evidence suggests that exercise training compared to usual care improves functional exercise tolerance as measured by the incremental shuttle walk distance, with a mean difference (MD) between groups of 87 metres (95% confidence interval (CI) 43 to 132 metres; 4 studies, 161 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Evidence also suggests that exercise training improves six‐minute walk distance (6MWD) (MD between groups of 42 metres, 95% CI 22 to 62; 1 study, 76 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The magnitude of these observed mean changes appears clinically relevant as they exceed minimal clinically important difference (MCID) thresholds for people with chronic lung disease. Evidence suggests that quality of life improves following exercise training according to St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score (MD ‐9.62 points, 95% CI ‐15.67 to ‐3.56 points; 3 studies, 160 participants; low‐certainty evidence), which exceeds the MCID of 4 points for this outcome. A reduction in dyspnoea (MD 1.0 points, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.53; 1 study, 76 participants) and fatigue (MD 1.51 points, 95% CI 0.80 to 2.22 points; 1 study, 76 participants) was observed following exercise training according to these domains of the Chronic Respiratory Disease Questionnaire. However, there was no change in cough‐related quality of life as measured by the Leicester Cough Questionnaire (LCQ) (MD ‐0.09 points, 95% CI ‐0.98 to 0.80 points; 2 studies, 103 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), nor in anxiety or depression. Two studies reported longer‐term outcomes up to 12 months after intervention completion; however exercise training did not appear to improve exercise capacity or quality of life more than usual care. Exercise training reduced the number of acute exacerbations of bronchiectasis over 12 months in people with stable bronchiectasis (odds ratio 0.26, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.81; 1 study, 55 participants). After an acute exacerbation of bronchiectasis, data from a single study (N = 27) suggest that exercise training compared to usual care confers little to no effect on exercise capacity (MD 11 metres, 95% CI ‐27 to 49 metres; low‐certainty evidence), SGRQ total score (MD 6.34 points, 95%CI ‐17.08 to 29.76 points), or LCQ score (MD ‐0.08 points, 95% CI ‐0.94 to 0.78 points; low‐certainty evidence) and does not reduce the time to first exacerbation (hazard ratio 0.83, 95% CI 0.31 to 2.22). Authors' conclusions This review provides low‐certainty evidence suggesting improvement in functional exercise capacity and quality of life immediately following exercise training in people with stable bronchiectasis; however the effects of exercise training on cough‐related quality of life and psychological symptoms appear to be minimal. Due to inadequate reporting of methods, small study numbers, and variation between study findings, evidence is of very low to moderate certainty. Limited evidence is available to show longer‐term effects of exercise training on these outcomes. Plain language summary Exercise training for bronchiectasis Review question We wanted to know if exercise training improves exercise tolerance, quality of life, or symptoms, and if it reduces the number of future flare‐ups ('exacerbations'), for people with bronchiectasis compared to people who did not do exercise training. We looked at studies involving people with stable disease and patients in the period following a recent flare‐up. We aimed to include evidence related to both children and adults with bronchiectasis. Background People with bronchiectasis suffer from chronic cough and sputum production. They have increased risk of developing acute exacerbations that contribute to poor exercise tolerance and quality of life. When performed by people with other chronic lung conditions, exercise training improves exercise tolerance and reduces symptoms. However, little is understood about the effect of exercise training specifically in bronchiectasis. Study characteristics The evidence is current up to October 2020. We included six studies with a total of 275 participants; five studies were related to people with stable disease. No studies involving children were found. Exercise training was delivered in combination with other treatments such as airway clearance therapy, respiratory muscle training, and/or education. Participants were randomly assigned to exercise training or no exercise training. Exercise training was performed for at least six weeks, either in a group setting or at home. None of the included studies were funded by companies with commercial interests in study findings. Key results Following completion of exercise training, participants in a stable clinical state walked farther than those who did not do exercise training (an average of 87 metres farther), but our certainty of the evidence is low. Participants also reported improved quality of life (low‐certainty evidence) and less shortness of breath and fatigue. We found evidence of moderate certainty showing that exercise training might not specifically improve cough‐related symptoms, although the incidence of acute exacerbations was lower. Evidence was insufficient to show if the effects of exercise training would last beyond the period of exercise training, and no evidence was available to determine whether exercise training helps people become physically active. No benefits were observed for people who undertook exercise training soon after an acute flare‐up of their bronchiectasis. Certainty of the evidence The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate due to uncertainty regarding the true size of observed benefits, poorly conducted studies, and an overall lack of sufficient data. More studies with larger participant numbers are required to determine the long‐term effects of exercise training, irrespective of clinical status.
Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) during the postoperative period for prevention of postoperative morbidity and mortality following major abdominal surgery; Abstract - Background Major abdominal surgery can be associated with a number of serious complications that may impair patient recovery. In particular, postoperative pulmonary complications (PPCs), including respiratory complications such as atelectasis and pneumonia, are a major contributor to postoperative morbidity and may even contribute to increased mortality. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a type of therapy that uses a high‐pressure gas source to deliver constant positive pressure to the airways throughout both inspiration and expiration. This approach is expected to prevent some pulmonary complications, thus reducing mortality. Objectives To determine whether any difference can be found in the rate of mortality and adverse events following major abdominal surgery in patients treated postoperatively with CPAP versus standard care, which may include traditional oxygen delivery systems, physiotherapy and incentive spirometry. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) 2013, Issue 9; Ovid MEDLINE (1966 to 15 September 2013); EMBASE (1988 to 15 September 2013); Web of Science (to September 2013) and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL) (to September 2013). Selection criteria We included all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in which CPAP was compared with standard care for prevention of postoperative mortality and adverse events following major abdominal surgery. We included all adults (adults as defined by individual studies) of both sexes. The intervention of CPAP was applied during the postoperative period. We excluded studies in which participants had received PEEP during surgery. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies that met the selection criteria from all studies identified by the search strategy. Two review authors extracted the data and assessed risk of bias separately, using a data extraction form. Data entry into RevMan was performed by one review author and was checked by another for accuracy. We performed a limited meta‐analysis and constructed a summary of findings table. Main results We selected 10 studies for inclusion in the review from 5236 studies identified in the search. These 10 studies included a total of 709 participants. Risk of bias for the included studies was assessed as high in six studies and as unclear in four studies. Two RCTs reported all‐cause mortality. Among 413 participants, there was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between CPAP and control groups, and considerable heterogeneity between trials was noted (risk ratio (RR) 1.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.35 to 4.66; I 2  = 75%). Six studies reported demonstrable atelectasis in the study population. A reduction in atelectasis was observed in the CPAP group, although heterogeneity between studies was substantial (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.86; I 2  = 61%). Pneumonia was reported in five studies, including 563 participants; CPAP reduced the rate of pneumonia, and no important heterogeneity was noted (RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.84; I 2  = 0%). The number of participants identified as having serious hypoxia was reported in two studies, with no clear difference between CPAP and control groups, given imprecise results and substantial heterogeneity between trials (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.02; I 2  = 67%). A reduced rate of reintubation was reported in the CPAP group compared with the control group in two studies, and no important heterogeneity was identified (RR 0.14, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.58; I 2  = 0%). Admission into the intensive care unit (ICU) for invasive ventilation and supportive care was reduced in the CPAP group, but this finding did not reach statistical significance (RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.14; I 2  = 0). Secondary outcomes such as length of hospital stay and adverse effects were only minimally reported. A summary of findings table was constructed using the GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) principle. The quality of evidence was determined to be very low. Authors' conclusions Very low‐quality evidence from this review suggests that CPAP initiated during the postoperative period might reduce postoperative atelectasis, pneumonia and reintubation, but its effects on mortality, hypoxia or invasive ventilation are uncertain. Evidence is not sufficiently strong to confirm the benefits or harms of CPAP during the postoperative period in those undergoing major abdominal surgery. Most of the included studies did not report on adverse effects attributed to CPAP. New, high‐quality research is much needed to evaluate the use of CPAP in preventing mortality and morbidity following major abdominal surgery. With increasing availability of CPAP to our surgical patients and its potential to improve outcomes (possibly in conjunction with intraoperative lung protective ventilation strategies), unanswered questions regarding its efficacy and safety need to be addressed. Any future study must report on the adverse effects of CPAP. Plain language summary Is continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) during the postoperative period useful? Review question Does continuous positive airway pressure during the postoperative period help reduce death and major lung complications after major abdominal surgery? Background General anaesthesia can lead to reduced lung volumes and collapse of the alveoli as well as to reversible, patchy collapse of areas of lung (atelectasis) and subsequent low oxygenation. These problems are worse in those patients undergoing upper abdominal surgery, in those who have predisposing factors such as obesity and chronic lung disease and in smokers. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a type of therapy that uses a high‐pressure gas source to deliver constant pressure to the airways throughout both inspiration and expiration in spontaneously breathing people; oxygen is added in appropriate amounts. CPAP uses a variety of masks, which are placed over the nose or mouth. The aim of this technique is to improve the oxygenation of patients while preventing common postoperative complications in vulnerable people, especially smokers and the obese. This review was conducted to determine whether any difference can be found in death and major chest complications following major abdominal operations between patients treated with CPAP and those given standard care (oxygen by mask and physiotherapy). Study characteristics We searched the literature until 15 September 2013. We included all adults who underwent elective major abdominal surgery. We included only studies in which the intervention was started postoperatively. We employed the standard methods of the Cochrane Anaesthesia Review Group for data collection and analysis. A total of 709 participants were included in the 10 selected trials. Considerable differences between studies were noted in the populations studied, duration of treatment and supportive care provided. Key results Two controlled trials (413 participants) reported deaths; no clear evidence showed a difference between CPAP and control groups. Six trials (249 participants) reported on atelectasis, which was reduced in the CPAP group. Pneumonia was reported in five trials (563 participants), and the rate of pneumonia was reduced in the CPAP group. The need for further respiratory support with artificial ventilation (reintubation) was reported in two studies, which favoured CPAP. No clear evidence revealed a difference between CPAP and control groups in rates of admission to intensive care units, nor were severely low oxygen levels reported. Few studies reported on length of hospital stay and harm due to CPAP. Quality of evidence Substantial variability was seen in trial characteristics (heterogeneity), and risk of bias was high in six of the 10 studies. The included studies were small, and some were at least 20 years old; currently, computed tomography (CT) scans are used more often than chest x‐rays and clinical examination alone for diagnosis. The summary of findings (GRADE) suggests that the strength of evidence supporting the use of CPAP was ‘very low.’ This means that recommendations based on currently available evidence from randomized controlled trials investigating use of CPAP during the postoperative period are not definitive.
Intravesical electromotive drug administration for non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer; Abstract - Background Electromotive drug administration (EMDA) is the use of electrical current to improve the delivery of intravesical agents to reduce the risk of recurrence in people with non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC). It is unclear how effective this is in comparison to other forms of intravesical therapy. Objectives To assess the effects of intravesical EMDA for the treatment of NMIBC. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search using multiple databases (CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE), two clinical trial registries and a grey literature repository. We searched reference lists of relevant publications and abstract proceedings. We applied no language restrictions. The last search was February 2017. Selection criteria We searched for randomised studies comparing EMDA of any intravesical agent used to reduce bladder cancer recurrence in conjunction with transurethral resection of bladder tumour (TURBT). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the literature, extracted data, assessed risk of bias and rated quality of evidence (QoE) according to GRADE on a per outcome basis. Main results We included three trials with 672 participants that described five distinct comparisons. The same principal investigator conducted all three trials. All studies used mitomycin C (MMC) as the chemotherapeutic agent for EMDA. 1. Postoperative MMC‐EMDA induction versus postoperative Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) induction:  based on one study with 72 participants with carcinoma in situ (CIS) and concurrent pT1 urothelial carcinoma, we are uncertain (very low QoE) about the effect of MMC‐EMDA on time to recurrence (risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 1.76; corresponding to 30 more per 1000 participants, 95% CI 180 fewer to 380 more). There was no disease progression in either treatment arm at three months' follow‐up. We are uncertain (very low QoE) about serious adverse events (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.18 to 3.11). 2. Postoperative MMC‐EMDA induction versus MMC‐passive diffusion (PD) induction:  based on one study with 72 participants with CIS and concurrent pT1 urothelial carcinoma, postoperative MMC‐EMDA may (low QoE) reduce disease recurrence (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.98; corresponding to 147 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 235 fewer to 8 fewer). There was no disease progression in either treatment arm at three months' follow‐up. We are uncertain (very low QoE) about the effect of MMC‐EMDA on serious adverse events (RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.27 to 8.45). 3. Postoperative MMC‐EMDA with sequential BCG induction and maintenance versus postoperative BCG induction and maintenance:  based on one study with 212 participants with pT1 urothelial carcinoma of the bladder with or without CIS, postoperative MMC‐EMDA with sequential BCG may result (low QoE) in a longer time to recurrence (hazard ratio (HR) 0.51, 95% CI 0.34 to 0.77; corresponding to 181 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 256 fewer to 79 fewer) and time to progression (HR 0.36, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.75; corresponding to 63 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 82 fewer to 24 fewer). We are uncertain (very low QoE) about the effect of MMC‐EMDA on serious adverse events (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.21 to 4.94). 4. Single‐dose, preoperative MMC‐EMDA versus single‐dose, postoperative MMC‐PD:  based on one study with 236 participants with primary pTa and pT1 urothelial carcinoma, preoperative MMC‐EMDA likely (moderate QoE) results in a longer time to recurrence (HR 0.47, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.69; corresponding to 247 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 341 fewer to 130 fewer) for a median follow‐up of 86 months. We are uncertain (very low QoE) about the effect of MMC‐EMDA on time to progression (HR 0.81, 95% CI 0.00 to 259.93; corresponding to 34 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 193 fewer to 807 more) and serious adverse events (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.30 to 2.05). 5. Single‐dose, preoperative MMC‐EMDA versus TURBT alone:  based on one study with 233 participants with primary pTa and pT1 urothelial carcinoma, preoperative MMC‐EMDA likely (moderate QoE) results in a longer time to recurrence (HR 0.40, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.57; corresponding to 304 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 390 fewer to 198 fewer) for a median follow‐up of 86 months. We are uncertain (very low QoE) about the effect of MMC‐EMDA on time to progression (HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.00 to 247.93; corresponding to 49 fewer per 1000 participants, 95% CI 207 fewer to 793 more) or serious adverse events (HR 1.74, 95% CI 0.52 to 5.77). Authors' conclusions While the use of EMDA to administer intravesical MMC may result in a delay in time to recurrence in select patient populations, we are uncertain about its impact on serious adverse events in all settings. Common reasons for downgrading the QoE were study limitations and imprecision. A potential role for EMDA‐based administration of MMC may lie in settings where more established agents (such as BCG) are not available. In the setting of low or very low QoE for most comparisons, our confidence in the effect estimates is limited and the true effect sizes may be substantially different from those reported here. Plain language summary Drug delivery technique using electrical current for the treatment of non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer Review question In people with non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC), how do methods using electrical current to deliver a medicine compare to methods without electrical current? Background NMIBC is a cancer (tumour) of the inner lining of the bladder that can be removed from the inside using small instruments and a light source, so‐called endoscopic surgery. These tumours can come back over time and spread into the deeper layers of the bladder wall. We know that different types of medicines that we can put into the bladder help prevent this. Investigators have looked at the use of an electrical current to make medicines work better. In this review, we wanted to discover whether using an electrical current was better or worse than not using an electrical current. Study characteristics The evidence is current to 7 February 2017. We found three studies that were conducted between 1994 and 2003 with 672 participants that compared five different ways of giving this treatment. Mitomycin (MMC) was the only medicine used together with electrical current. All three studies came from the same research team. Key results We are very unsure whether the use of an electrical current to give a course of MMC after endoscopic surgery is better or worse compared to giving a course of Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG; vaccine usually used in tuberculosis) or MMC without electrical current. MMC given with electrical current together with BCG given over a long period of time may be better than BCG alone in delaying the tumour from coming back and from spreading into the deeper layer of the bladder wall. Giving one dose of MMC with electrical current before endoscopic surgery may be better than one dose of MMC without electric current after surgery or surgery alone without further treatment. We are uncertain whether people are more or less likely to have bad reactions from these treatments. Quality of the evidence The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the treatments we compared, meaning that we were often uncertain about whether the findings were true. Further research will likely change these findings.
Vena caval filters for the prevention of pulmonary embolism; Abstract - Background Pulmonary emboli (PE), or blood clots in the lungs,can be potentially fatal. Anticoagulation is the first line therapy to prevent PE. In some instances anticoagulation fails to prevent more emboli, or cannot be given because the person has a high risk of bleeding. Inferior vena caval filters (VCFs) are metal alloy devices that mechanically trap fragmented emboli from the deep leg veins en route to the pulmonary circulation. Retrievable filters are designed to be introduced and removed percutaneously. Although their deployment seems of theoretical benefit, their clinical efficacy and adverse event profile is unclear. This is the third update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2007. Objectives To assess the evidence for the effectiveness and safety of vena caval filters (VCFs) in preventing pulmonary embolism (PE). Search methods For this review update, the Cochrane Vascular Information Specialist (CIS) searched the Specialised Register (last searched 10 September 2019) and the Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2019, Issue 8) via the Cochrane Register of Studies Online. The CIS also searched MEDLINE Ovid, EMBASE Ovid, CINAHL, and AMED (1 January 2017 to 10 September 2019) and trials registries to 10 September 2019. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and controlled clinical trials (CCTs) that examined the efficacy of VCFs in preventing PE. Data collection and analysis For this update, studies were assessed and data extracted independently. We assessed study quality with Cochrane's 'Risk of bias' tool and used the GRADE approach to assess the overall certainty of the evidence. The outcomes of interest were PE, mortality, lower limb venous thrombosis, filter‐related complications and major bleeding. Main results We identified four new studies for this update, bringing the total to six included studies involving 1388 participants. The six studies were clinically heterogeneous and we were unable to carry out meta‐analysis. Only two studies were considered to be both applicable in current clinical settings and of good methodological quality. One was a randomised open‐label trial studying the effect of a retrievable inferior vena caval filter plus anticoagulation versus anticoagulation alone on risk of recurrent pulmonary embolism (PE) in 399 participants over three months. There was no evidence of a difference in the rates of PE, death, lower extremity deep vein thrombosis (DVT), or bleeding at three and six months after the intervention (moderate‐certainty evidence). A filter was inserted in 193 people, but could only be successfully retrieved from 153. Minor filter complications were noted at six months. The second clinically relevant study was a randomised open‐label trial of 240 participants who had sustained multiple traumatic injuries, allocated to a filter or no filter, three days after injury, in conjunction with anticoagulation and intermittent pneumatic compression. Prophylactic anticoagulation was initiated in both groups when it was thought safe to do so. There was no evidence of a difference in symptomatic PE, death, or lower limb venous thrombosis rates (moderate‐certainty evidence). The only major filter complication was that one person required surgical removal of the filter. We are unable to draw any conclusions from the remaining four included studies. One study showed an increased incidence of long‐term lower extremity DVT at eight years. Three studies are no longer clinically applicable because they utilised permanent filters which are seldom used now, or they did not use routine prophylactic anticoagulation which is current standard practice. The fourth study compared two filter types and was terminated prematurely as one filter group had a higher rate of thrombosis compared to the other filter type. Authors' conclusions Two of the six identified studies were relevant for current clinical settings. One showed no evidence of a benefit of retrievable filters in acute PE for the outcomes of PE, death, DVT and bleeding during the initial three months in people who can receive anticoagulation (moderate‐certainty evidence). The other study did not show any benefit for prophylactic filter insertion in people who sustained multiple traumatic injuries, with respect to symptomatic PE, mortality, or lower extremity venous thrombosis (moderate‐certainty evidence). We can draw no firm conclusions regarding filter efficacy in the prevention of PE from the remaining four RCTs identified in this review. Further trials are needed to assess vena caval filter effectiveness and safety, and clinical differences between various filter types. Plain language summary Vena caval filters for the prevention of pulmonary embolism Background Blood clots in the lungs are called pulmonary emboli. They commonly originate in the leg or pelvic veins, where they can fragment and travel to the lungs via the inferior vena cava (IVC, large vein which carries blood from the lower body to the heart). Further emboli are usually prevented by blood thinning medications (anticoagulants). In some instances (approximately 4% of cases), anticoagulation fails, or it is too dangerous to give anticoagulation. Vena caval filters are metal alloy devices inserted within the IVC to trap blood clots. Modern filters are 'retrievable,' allowing their removal once they are no longer required. However, a number of retrievable filters are not removed. The long‐term safety profile of these devices is not known. The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of vena caval filters. The review authors looked for studies comparing filters with no filter, and studies comparing different filter designs. Study characteristics and key results We included six trials with a total of 1388 participants in the review (current until 10 September 2019). There were too many differences between these studies so we could not combine the results. Two trials were applicable in current clinical settings. One trial showed there is no clear benefit in receiving a retrievable filter for the first three months after an acute PE, for those who can receive anticoagulation, in terms of recurrent pulmonary embolism (PE), deep vein thrombosis (DVT), death or bleeding. Not all filters could be removed. Only minor complications from the filters were noted at six months. Another study of people who had sustained multiple traumatic injuries did not show any benefit of inserting a filter three days after injury to prevent PE, or reduce deaths. Preventive anticoagulation and calf compression devices were administered to participants when possible. We are unable to draw any conclusions from the remaining four included studies. This is because three studies are no longer clinically relevant because they utilised permanent filters which are seldom used now, or they did not use routine preventative anticoagulation which is current standard practice. One study showed an increased rate of lower‐extremity DVT in the permanent filter group. The fourth study compared two filter types and was stopped prematurely and thus did not generate sufficient data. Reliability of the evidence Two studies were relevant in current clinical contexts. The evidence presented by both of these studies is of moderate certainty. We reached this assessment because we were not able to combine the data from the studies, and because of the low numbers of participants and events involved. The studies differed in type of participants and clinical situations. There is a further need for trials evaluating the effectiveness of caval filters in people who cannot receive anticoagulation, or when PE occurs despite adequate anticoagulation.
Audio‐visual presentation of information for informed consent for participation in clinical trials; Abstract - Background Informed consent is a critical component of clinical research. Different methods of presenting information to potential participants of clinical trials may improve the informed consent process. Audio‐visual interventions (presented, for example, on the Internet or on DVD) are one such method. We updated a 2008 review of the effects of these interventions for informed consent for trial participation. Objectives To assess the effects of audio‐visual information interventions regarding informed consent compared with standard information or placebo audio‐visual interventions regarding informed consent for potential clinical trial participants, in terms of their understanding, satisfaction, willingness to participate, and anxiety or other psychological distress. Search methods We searched: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL),  The Cochrane Library , issue 6, 2012; MEDLINE (OvidSP) (1946 to 13 June 2012); EMBASE (OvidSP) (1947 to 12 June 2012); PsycINFO (OvidSP) (1806 to June week 1 2012); CINAHL (EbscoHOST) (1981 to 27 June 2012); Current Contents (OvidSP) (1993 Week 27 to 2012 Week 26); and ERIC (Proquest) (searched 27 June 2012). We also searched reference lists of included studies and relevant review articles, and contacted study authors and experts. There were no language restrictions. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing audio‐visual information alone, or in conjunction with standard forms of information provision (such as written or verbal information), with standard forms of information provision or placebo audio‐visual information, in the informed consent process for clinical trials. Trials involved individuals or their guardians asked to consider participating in a real or hypothetical clinical study. (In the earlier version of this review we only included studies evaluating informed consent interventions for real studies). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed studies for inclusion and extracted data. We synthesised the findings using meta‐analysis, where possible, and narrative synthesis of results. We assessed the risk of bias of individual studies and considered the impact of the quality of the overall evidence on the strength of the results. Main results We included 16 studies involving data from 1884 participants. Nine studies included participants considering real clinical trials, and eight included participants considering hypothetical clinical trials, with one including both. All studies were conducted in high‐income countries. There is still much uncertainty about the effect of audio‐visual informed consent interventions on a range of patient outcomes. However, when considered across comparisons, we found low to very low quality evidence that such interventions may slightly improve knowledge or understanding of the parent trial, but may make little or no difference to rate of participation or willingness to participate. Audio‐visual presentation of informed consent may improve participant satisfaction with the consent information provided. However its effect on satisfaction with other aspects of the process is not clear. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about anxiety arising from audio‐visual informed consent. We found conflicting, very low quality evidence about whether audio‐visual interventions took more or less time to administer. No study measured researcher satisfaction with the informed consent process, nor ease of use. The evidence from real clinical trials was rated as low quality for most outcomes, and for hypothetical studies, very low. We note, however, that this was in large part due to poor study reporting, the hypothetical nature of some studies and low participant numbers, rather than inconsistent results between studies or confirmed poor trial quality. We do not believe that any studies were funded by organisations with a vested interest in the results. Authors' conclusions The value of audio‐visual interventions as a tool for helping to enhance the informed consent process for people considering participating in clinical trials remains largely unclear, although trends are emerging with regard to improvements in knowledge and satisfaction. Many relevant outcomes have not been evaluated in randomised trials. Triallists should continue to explore innovative methods of providing information to potential trial participants during the informed consent process, mindful of the range of outcomes that the intervention should be designed to achieve, and balancing the resource implications of intervention development and delivery against the purported benefits of any intervention. More trials, adhering to CONSORT standards, and conducted in settings and populations underserved in this review, i.e. low‐ and middle‐income countries and people with low literacy, would strengthen the results of this review and broaden its applicability. Assessing process measures, such as time taken to administer the intervention and researcher satisfaction, would inform the implementation of audio‐visual consent materials. Plain language summary Audio‐visual presentation of information used in the informed consent process for people considering entering clinical trials Review question We reviewed the evidence about the effect of audio‐visual presentation of information used in the informed consent process for people considering entering a clinical trial. We compared this with the usual informed consent information (either written and/or verbal) and placebo (sham) audio‐visual information. Background Before taking part in a clinical trial, potential participants must be provided with detailed information, such as what they will be asked to do and any possible benefits or harms. Once they understand what is involved, and if they are happy to take part, they usually sign a consent form. This process is known as 'informed consent'. The problem is that consent forms use technical language that can be hard to for the average person to understand. Sometimes people agree to take part in a clinical trial even though they are unsure what is involved. Presenting the consent form information in an audio‐visual format (for example, on a computer or DVD) might improve the informed consent process. Study characteristics We searched for studies of audio‐visual informed consent interventions which allocated people to an experimental or control group by a random or quasi‐random process, published up until June 2012. We found 16 studies, involving a total of 1884 people. Nine studies included people considering real clinical trials, eight included people asked to imagine participating in a clinical trial (a hypothetical trial), with one including both. Most of the studies were conducted in the United States. People were considering (or imagined considering) participation in a range of different clinical trials, including those testing cancer treatments and drugs for mental health problems. The audio‐visual informed consent information was presented on computers, DVDs, videos and CD‐ROMs. They included voice overs by professional actors, real patients talking about their experiences and a combination of words, pictures and audio to explain the technical concepts. In some studies, people also received the usual written informed consent forms and/or a face‐to‐face explanation by the study staff. Key results There is low to very low quality evidence that audio‐visual consent interventions may slightly improve knowledge or understanding of the parent trial, but may make little or no difference to rate of participation or willingness to participate. Audio‐visual presentation may improve participation satisfaction with the information provided. However its effect on satisfaction with other aspects of the process is not clear. There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about anxiety arising from audio‐visual informed consent. There is conflicting, very low quality evidence about whether audio‐visual interventions take more or less time to administer, and no study measured researcher satisfaction with the informed consent process, nor ease of use. We do not believe that any studies were funded by organisations with a vested interest in the results. Quality of the evidence The quality of evidence from real clinical trials was low, and from hypothetical clinical studies, very low. This is because of the small number of people in the studies, and some issues in the way they were conducted. If the next update of this review includes more studies of audio‐visual informed consent presentation, it could change the results of this review.
Anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery in adults; Abstract - Background The majority of people with hip fracture are treated surgically, requiring anaesthesia. Objectives The main focus of this review is the comparison of regional versus general anaesthesia for hip (proximal femoral) fracture repair in adults. We did not consider supplementary regional blocks in this review as they have been studied in another review. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; the Cochrane Library; 2014, Issue 3), MEDLINE (Ovid SP, 2003 to March 2014) and EMBASE (Ovid SP, 2003 to March 2014). We reran the search in February 2017. Potential new studies of interest were added to a list of "Studies awaiting Classification" and will be incorporated into the formal review findings during the review update. Selection criteria We included randomized trials comparing different methods of anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery in adults. The primary focus of this review was the comparison of regional anaesthesia versus general anaesthesia. The use of nerve blocks preoperatively or in conjunction with general anaesthesia is evaluated in another review. The main outcomes were mortality, pneumonia, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, acute confusional state, deep vein thrombosis and return of patient to their own home. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We analysed data with fixed‐effect (I 2  < 25%) or random‐effects models. We assessed the quality of the evidence according to the criteria developed by the GRADE working group. Main results In total, we included 31 studies (with 3231 participants) in our review. Of those 31 studies, 28 (2976 participants) provided data for the meta‐analyses. For the 28 studies, 24 were used for the comparison of neuraxial block versus general anaesthesia. Based on 11 studies that included 2152 participants, we did not find a difference between the two anaesthetic techniques for mortality at one month: risk ratio (RR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.57 to 1.06; I 2  = 24% (fixed‐effect model). Based on six studies that included 761 participants, we did not find a difference in the risk of pneumonia: RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.31; I 2  = 0%. Based on four studies that included 559 participants, we did not find a difference in the risk of myocardial infarction: RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.22 to 3.65; I 2  = 0%. Based on six studies that included 729 participants, we did not find a difference in the risk of cerebrovascular accident: RR 1.48, 95% CI 0.46 to 4.83; I 2  = 0%. Based on six studies that included 624 participants, we did not find a difference in the risk of acute confusional state: RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.40; I 2  = 49%. Based on laboratory tests, the risk of deep vein thrombosis was decreased when no specific precautions or just early mobilization was used: RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.78; I 2  = 0%; (number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) = 3, 95% CI 2 to 7, based on a basal risk of 76%) but not when low molecular weight heparin was administered: RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.84; I 2  for heterogeneity between the two subgroups = 58%. For neuraxial blocks compared to general anaesthesia, we rated the quality of evidence as very low for mortality (at 0 to 30 days), pneumonia, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, acute confusional state, decreased rate of deep venous thrombosis in the absence of potent thromboprophylaxis, and return of patient to their own home. The number of studies comparing other anaesthetic techniques was limited. Authors' conclusions We did not find a difference between the two techniques, except for deep venous thrombosis in the absence of potent thromboprophylaxis. The studies included a wide variety of clinical practices. The number of participants included in the review is insufficient to eliminate a difference between the two techniques in the majority of outcomes studied. Therefore, large randomized trials reflecting actual clinical practice are required before drawing final conclusions. Plain language summary Regional or general anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery in adults Background:  The majority of people with hip fracture are elderly and are treated surgically, which requires anaesthesia. The fracture usually results from a simple fall. These patients often have many other medical problems associated with ageing, which places them at high risk of mortality after anaesthesia. The most common types of anaesthesia are 'general' and 'regional anaesthesia'. General anaesthesia involves a loss of consciousness (induced sleep). Regional anaesthesia involves an injection of a solution containing local anaesthetic inside the spine (neuraxial block) or around the nerves outside the spine (peripheral nerve block) to prevent pain in the leg with the hip fracture. We reviewed the evidence about the effect of regional anaesthesia on patients undergoing surgery for hip fracture. Study characteristics:  The evidence is current to March 2014. In total, we included 31 studies (with 3231 participants) in our review. Of those 31 studies, 28 (2976 participants) provided data for the meta‐analyses. The mean age of the participants varied from 75 to 86 years. Those studies were published between 1977 and 2013 and so covering a wide range of clinical practices and improvements in techniques over time. Two studies were funded by the anaesthetic drug manufacturer or by an agency with a commercial interest, one received charitable funding, and one was funded by a government agency. We reran the search in February 2017. Potential new studies of interest were added to a list of "Studies awaiting Classification" and will be incorporated into the formal review findings during the review update. Key results :  The trial reports of many of the studies indicated a sub‐suboptimal level of methodological rigour and the number of participants included was often insufficient to allow us to draw a definitive conclusion on many of the outcomes studied. We did not find any difference in mortality at one month (11 trials with 2152 participants) between neuraxial blocks and general anaesthesia. We also did not find a difference for pneumonia, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, acute confusional state, congestive heart failure, acute kidney injury, pulmonary embolism, number of patients transfused with red blood cells, length of surgery and length of hospital stay between these two anaesthetic techniques in two to twelve studies. Likewise, when potent prophylactic drugs (such as low molecular weight heparin) were used against postoperative clot formation, we did not find a difference in the risk of deep venous thrombosis. Without prophylaxis with potent anticoagulant drugs the risk of deep venous thrombosis was less with neuraxial block. Quality of the evidence:  The level of evidence was very low for mortality, pneumonia, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, acute confusional state, decrease in the incidence of deep venous thrombosis in the absence of potent prophylaxis, and return of patient to their own home. This means that any estimate of effect is very uncertain.
Influenza vaccination for healthcare workers who care for people aged 60 or older living in long‐term care institutions; Abstract - Background A systematic review found that 3% of working adults who had received influenza vaccine and 5% of those who were unvaccinated had laboratory‐proven influenza per season; in healthcare workers (HCWs) these percentages were 5% and 8% respectively. Healthcare workers may transmit influenza to patients. Objectives To identify all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non‐RCTs assessing the effects of vaccinating healthcare workers on the incidence of laboratory‐proven influenza, pneumonia, death from pneumonia and admission to hospital for respiratory illness in those aged 60 years or older resident in long‐term care institutions (LTCIs). Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 9), MEDLINE (1966 to October week 3, 2015), EMBASE (1974 to October 2015) and Web of Science (2006 to October 2015), but Biological Abstracts only from 1969 to March 2013 and Science Citation Index‐Expanded from 1974 to March 2013 due to lack of institutional access in 2015. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non‐RCTs of influenza vaccination of healthcare workers caring for individuals aged 60 years or older in LTCIs and the incidence of laboratory‐proven influenza and its complications (lower respiratory tract infection, or hospitalisation or death due to lower respiratory tract infection) in individuals aged 60 years or older in LTCIs. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Effects on dichotomous outcomes were measured as risk differences (RDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed the quality of evidence with GRADE. Main results We identified four cluster‐RCTs and one cohort study (n = 12,742) of influenza vaccination for HCWs caring for individuals ≥ 60 years in LTCIs. Four cluster RCTs (5896 residents) provided outcome data that addressed the objectives of our review. The studies were comparable in their study populations, intervention and outcome measures. The studies did not report adverse events. The principal sources of bias in the studies related to attrition, lack of blinding, contamination in the control groups and low rates of vaccination coverage in the intervention arms, leading us to downgrade the quality of evidence for all outcomes due to serious risk of bias. Offering influenza vaccination to HCWs based in long term care homes may have little or no effect on the number of residents who develop laboratory‐proven influenza compared with those living in care homes where no vaccination is offered (RD 0 (95% CI ‐0.03 to 0.03), two studies with samples taken from 752 participants; low quality evidence). HCW vaccination probably leads to a reduction in lower respiratory tract infection in residents from 6% to 4% (RD ‐0.02 (95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.01), one study of 3400 people; moderate quality evidence). HCW vaccination programmes may have little or no effect on the number of residents admitted to hospital for respiratory illness (RD 0 (95% CI ‐0.02 to 0.02, one study of 1059 people; low quality evidence). We decided not to combine data on deaths from lower respiratory tract infection (two studies of 4459 people) or all cause deaths (four studies of 8468 people). The direction and size of difference in risk varied between the studies. We are uncertain as to the effect of vaccination on these outcomes due to the very low quality of evidence. Adjusted analyses, which took into account the cluster design, did not differ substantively from the pooled analysis with unadjusted data. Authors' conclusions Our review findings have not identified conclusive evidence of benefit of HCW vaccination programmes on specific outcomes of laboratory‐proven influenza, its complications (lower respiratory tract infection, hospitalisation or death due to lower respiratory tract illness), or all cause mortality in people over the age of 60 who live in care institutions. This review did not find information on co‐interventions with healthcare worker vaccination: hand‐washing, face masks, early detection of laboratory‐proven influenza, quarantine, avoiding admissions, antivirals and asking healthcare workers with influenza or influenza‐like illness (ILI) not to work. This review does not provide reasonable evidence to support the vaccination of healthcare workers to prevent influenza in those aged 60 years or older resident in LTCIs. High quality RCTs are required to avoid the risks of bias in methodology and conduct identified by this review and to test further these interventions in combination. Plain language summary Influenza vaccination for healthcare workers who care for people aged 60 or older living in long‐term care institutions Review question   We wanted to know if vaccinating healthcare workers against influenza reduces the risk of older individuals in long‐term care institutions (LTCIs) acquiring influenza infections from healthcare workers. Background   The signs and symptoms of influenza are similar to those of many other respiratory illnesses, therefore it is important in studies testing the effects of influenza vaccination to prove by laboratory tests, which are highly accurate, whether residents in LTCIs actually have influenza or another respiratory illness. Study characteristics   Our evidence is current to October 2015. Overall five studies were included in our review but we used data from three trials with 5896 residents . In one trial the average age was 77 and 71% were female, in another this was 82 years and 70% were female, and in the last this was 86 years and 77% were female. One study was supported by the Greater Glasgow Health Board Care of the Elderly Unit, one by the Wellcome Trust and for one there was no statement. Key results and quality of the evidence   The method of randomisation used was at low risk in two trials and unclear in one. In all three studies allocation concealment and blinding were unclear. In two studies data could not be included from everyone who was recruited and this put their results at a high risk of bias. All three studies reported outcomes completely. However, in all three trials there was performance bias due to incomplete influenza vaccination of healthcare workers in the intervention arms. No studies reported on adverse events. Offering influenza vaccination to healthcare workers who care for those aged 60 or over in LTCIs may have little or no effect on laboratory‐proven influenza (low quality evidence). HCW vaccination programmes probably have a small effect on lower respiratory tract infection (moderate quality evidence), but they may have little or no effect on admission to hospital (low quality evidence). It is unclear what effect vaccination programmes have on death due to lower respiratory tract illness (very low quality evidence) or all cause deaths (very low quality evidence). This review did not find information on other interventions used in conjunction with vaccination of healthcare workers (for example, hand‐washing, face masks, early detection of laboratory‐proven influenza, quarantine, avoiding new admissions, prompt antiviral use, asking healthcare workers with an influenza‐like illness not to work). High quality randomised controlled trials testing combinations of these interventions are needed.
Phonics training for English‐speaking poor readers; Abstract - Background The reading skills of 16% of children fall below the mean range for their age, and 5% of children have significant and severe reading problems. Phonics training is one of the most common reading treatments used with poor readers, particularly children. Objectives To measure the effect of phonics training and explore the impact of various factors, such as training duration and training group size, that might moderate the effect of phonics training on literacy‐related skills in English‐speaking poor readers. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 12 other databases, and three trials registers up to May 2018. We also searched reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included studies that used randomisation, quasi‐randomisation, or minimisation to allocate participants to a phonics intervention group (phonics training only or phonics training plus one other literacy‐related skill) or a control group (no training or non‐literacy training). Participants were English‐speaking poor readers with word reading one standard deviation below the appropriate level for their age (children, adolescents, and adults) or one grade or year below the appropriate level (children only), for no known reason. Participants had no known comorbid developmental disorder, or physical, neurological, or emotional problem. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included 14 studies with 923 participants in this review. Studies took place in Australia, Canada, the UK, and the USA. Six of the 14 included studies were funded by government agencies and one was funded by a university grant. The rest were funded by charitable foundations or trusts. Each study compared phonics training alone, or in conjunction with one other reading‐related skill, to either no training (i.e. treatment as usual) or alterative training (e.g. maths). Participants were English‐speaking children or adolescents, of low and middle socioeconomic status, whose reading was one year, one grade, or one standard deviation below the level expected for their age or grade for no known reason. Phonics training varied between studies in intensity (up to four hours per week), duration (up to seven months), training group size (individual and small groups), and delivery (human and computer). We measured the effect of phonics training on seven primary outcomes (mixed/regular word reading accuracy, non‐word reading accuracy, irregular word reading accuracy, mixed/regular word reading fluency, non‐word reading fluency, reading comprehension, and spelling). We judged all studies to be at low risk of bias for most risk criteria, and used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. There was low‐quality evidence that phonics training may have improved poor readers' accuracy for reading real and novel words that follow the letter‐sound rules (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.51, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 0.90; 11 studies, 701 participants), and their accuracy for reading words that did not follow these rules (SMD 0.67, 95% CI 0.26 to 1.07; 10 studies, 682 participants). There was moderate‐quality evidence that phonics training probably improved English‐speaking poor readers' fluency for reading words that followed the letter‐sounds rules (SMD 0.45, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.72; 4 studies, 224 participants), and non‐word reading fluency (SMD 0.39, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.68; 3 studies, 188 participants), as well as their accuracy for reading words that did not follow these rules (SMD 0.84, 95% CI 0.30 to 1.39; 4 studies, 294 participants). In addition, there was low‐quality evidence that phonics training may have improved poor readers' spelling (SMD 0.47, 95% CI –0.07 to 1.01; 3 studies, 158 participants), but only slightly improve their reading comprehension (SMD 0.28, 95% CI –0.07 to 0.62; 5 studies, 343 participants). Authors' conclusions Phonics training appears to be effective for improving literacy‐related skills, particularly reading fluency of words and non���words, and accuracy of reading irregular words. More studies are needed to improve the precision of outcomes, including word and non‐word reading accuracy, reading comprehension, spelling, letter‐sound knowledge, and phonological output. More data are also needed to determine if phonics training in English‐speaking poor readers is moderated by factors such as training type, intensity, duration, group size, or administrator. Plain language summary Phonics training for English‐speaking poor readers Review question Does phonics training improve literacy‐related skills in English‐speaking poor readers. Background The reading skills of 16% of children fall below the average range for their age, and 5% of children have significant and severe reading problems. Poor reading is associated with higher risk of school dropout, as well as anxiety, depression, low self‐concept, self‐harm and suicide. Therefore, it is important to provide poor readers with early and effective help. 'Phonics' training is one of the most common reading treatments used with poor readers, particularly children. Phonics training teaches readers to: identify each letter or letter‐cluster in a new word (e.g. S H I P); transpose each letter or letter‐cluster into its corresponding speech sound ('sh' 'i' 'p'); and blend those speech sounds into a word ('ship'). Study characteristics The search, updated in May 2018, identified 14 studies that tested phonics training in 923 English‐speaking poor readers. The studies took place in Australia, Canada, the UK, and the USA. Six of the 14 included studies were funded by government agencies and one was funded by a university grant. The rest were funded by charitable foundations or trusts. Each study compared phonics training alone, or with one other reading‐related skill, to either no training (i.e. treatment as usual) or alterative training (e.g. maths). Participants were English‐speaking children or adolescents, of low and middle socioeconomic status, whose reading was one year, one grade, or one standard deviation (distance from the average) below the level expected for their age or grade for no known reason. Phonics training varied between studies in frequency (up to four hours per week), duration (up to seven months), training group size (individual and small groups), and delivery (human and computer). We measured the effect of phonics training on poor readers' ability to read words and novel words (non‐words) accurately and fluently, as well as their comprehension of text, and their knowledge of letter‐sound rules (letter‐sound knowledge) and speech sounds (phonological output). Key results We found that phonics training in English‐speaking poor readers probably improved irregular word reading accuracy, mixed/regular word reading fluency, and non‐word reading fluency. It may also have improved mixed/regular word reading accuracy, non‐word reading accuracy, reading comprehension, spelling, letter‐sound knowledge, and phonological output. Quality of the evidence The overall quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate. This was primarily due to large differences in the size of phonics‐training effects between studies. More studies are needed to improve the precision of the outcomes. Conclusions The evidence suggests that phonics training can improve literacy in English‐speaking poor readers. The positive effects of phonics training on all reading‐related outcomes suggests that phonics training is not harmful for poor readers.
Ultrafiltration for acute heart failure; Abstract - Background Pharmacotherapies such as loop diuretics are the cornerstone treatment for acute heart failure (AHF), but resistance and poor response can occur. Ultrafiltration (UF) is an alternative therapy to reduce congestion, however its benefits, efficacy and safety are unclear. Objectives To assess the effects of UF compared to diuretic therapy on clinical outcomes such as mortality and rehospitalisation rates. Search methods We undertook a systematic search in June 2021 of the following databases: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science CPCI‐S and ClinicalTrials.gov. We also searched the WHO ICTRP platform in October 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared UF to diuretics in adults with AHF. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We contacted study authors for any further information, and language interpreters to translate texts. We assessed risk of bias in included studies using Risk of Bias 2 (RoB2) tool and assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 14 trials involving 1190 people. We included people who had clinical signs of acute hypervolaemia. We excluded critically unwell people such as those with ischaemia or haemodynamic instability. Mean age ranged from 57.5 to 75 years, and the setting was a mix of single and multi‐centre. Two trials researched UF as a complimentary therapy to diuretics, while the remaining trials withheld diuretic use during UF. There was high risk of bias in some studies, particularly with deviations from the intended protocols from high cross‐overs as well as missing outcome data for long‐term follow‐up.  We are uncertain about the effect of UF on all‐cause mortality at 30 days or less (risk ratio (RR) 0.61, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 2.85; 3 studies, 286 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). UF may have little to no effect on all‐cause mortality at the longest available follow‐up (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.36; 9 studies, 987 participants; low‐certainty evidence). UF may reduce all‐cause rehospitalisation at 30 days or less (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.09; 3 studies, 337 participants; low‐certainty evidence). UF may slightly reduce all‐cause rehospitalisation at longest available follow‐up (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.05; 6 studies, 612 participants; low‐certainty evidence). UF may reduce heart failure‐related rehospitalisation at 30 days or less (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.37 to 1.04; 2 studies, 395 participants; low‐certainty evidence). UF probably reduces heart failure‐related rehospitalisation at longest available follow‐up, with a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial effect (NNTB) of 10 (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.90; 4 studies, 636 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence).  No studies measured need for mechanical ventilation.  UF may have little or no effect on serum creatinine change at 30 days since discharge (mean difference (MD) 14%, 95% CI −12% to 40%; 1 study, 221 participants; low‐certainty evidence). UF may increase the risk of new initiation of renal replacement therapy at longest available follow‐up (RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.42 to 4.75; 4 studies, 332 participants; low‐certainty evidence).  There is an uncertain effect of UF on the risk of complications from central line insertion in hospital (RR 4.16, 95% CI 1.30 to 13.30; 6 studies, 779 participants; very low‐certainty evidence).  Authors' conclusions This review summarises the latest evidence on UF in AHF. Moderate‐certainty evidence shows UF probably reduces heart failure‐related rehospitalisation in the long term, with an NNTB of 10. UF may reduce all‐cause rehospitalisation at 30 days or less and at longest available follow‐up. The effect of UF on all‐cause mortality at 30 days or less is unclear, and it may have little effect on all‐cause mortality in the long‐term.  While UF may have little or no effect on serum creatinine change at 30 days, it may increase the risk of new initiation of renal replacement therapy in the long term. The effect on complications from central line insertion is unclear.  There is insufficient evidence to determine the true impact of UF on AHF. Future research should evaluate UF as an adjunct therapy, focusing on outcomes such as heart failure‐related rehospitalisation, cardiac mortality and renal outcomes at medium‐ to long‐term follow‐up.  Plain language summary Fluid removal therapy in acute heart failure Review question What are the effects of ultrafiltration (UF), a fluid removal therapy, in acute heart failure (AHF)? Background AHF is a common condition where the heart does not pump effectively, causing fluid to accumulate in the lungs and body. This causes difficulty in breathing, damage to heart and kidneys, high readmission to hospital and high death rates. Usual care involves medications called diuretics to remove this excess fluid, but some people may become resistant to it. UF provides an alternative therapy to quickly remove fluid. A circuit removes blood from the patient, which is then filtered in a machine before going back to the patient. It requires monitoring, a large central line cannula (tube into a blood vessel) and a blood thinning medication. It is unclear whether UF is effective or safe in AHF.   Study characteristics We searched for studies comparing UF to usual care in people with AHF. We searched for all relevant studies up to June 2021 and found 14 studies with about 1200 people. People who were very sick and frail, such as those who have had heart attacks and infections, were often not studied. Certainty of the evidence We used a validated tool (GRADE) to assess how certain we were of our results. Overall, there was low‐certainty evidence from these studies because of variability in the study settings, conflicting results between studies and limitations in how the studies were designed.  Key results We are uncertain whether UF has an impact on death rates at a short‐term follow‐up, as there are not enough data. At the longest time of follow‐up, UF may have little effect on death rates.  UF may reduce readmission to hospital rates within the short and long term. In particular, readmission rates from heart failure are probably reduced by 31% when followed up over a longer time frame (up to one year). The benefit of reducing heart failure‐related rehospitalisation is seen in 1 of 10 people treated with UF. UF may increase the risk of needing long‐term dialysis. It is not clear whether UF affects kidney function at 30 days since hospital discharge, or if the risk of central line complications are greater with UF. No studies researched the effect of UF on needing mechanical breathing support, or its effect on cost and health economics.  More robust studies looking at UF in conjunction with current therapy are needed. These should focus on outcomes that are important to patients, such as heart failure‐related hospital readmission rates, cardiac death rates and kidney damage at medium to long term.
Adjunctive steroid therapy versus antibiotics alone for acute endophthalmitis after intraocular procedure; Abstract - Background Endophthalmitis refers to severe infection within the eye that involves the aqueous humor or vitreous humor, or both, and that threatens vision. Most cases of endophthalmitis are exogenous (i.e. due to inoculation of organisms from an outside source), and most exogenous endophthalmitis is acute and occurs after an intraocular procedure. The mainstay of treatment is emergent administration of broad‐spectrum intravitreous antibiotics. Due to their anti‐inflammatory effects, steroids in conjunction with antibiotics have been proposed as being beneficial in endophthalmitis management. Objectives To assess the effects of antibiotics combined with steroids versus antibiotics alone for the treatment of acute endophthalmitis following intraocular surgery or intravitreous injection. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2021, Issue 8), MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to August 2021), Embase Ovid (1980 to August 2021), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences Literature database) (1982 to August 2021), the ISRCTN registry; searched August 2021, ClinicalTrials.gov; searched August 2021, and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform; searched August 2021. We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the effectiveness of adjunctive steroids with antibiotics alone in the management of acute, clinically diagnosed endophthalmitis following intraocular surgery or intravitreous injection. We excluded trials with participants with endogenous endophthalmitis unless outcomes were reported by source of infection. We imposed no restrictions on the method or order of administration, dose, frequency, or duration of antibiotics and steroids. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology, and graded the certainty of the body of evidence for six outcomes using the GRADE classification. Main results We included four RCTs with a total of 264 eyes of 264 participants in this review update. The studies were conducted in South Africa, India, and the Netherlands. All studies used intravitreous dexamethasone for adjunctive steroid therapy and a combination of two intravitreous antibiotics that provided gram‐positive and gram‐negative coverage for the antibiotic therapy. We judged two trials to be at overall low risk of bias, and the other two studies to be at overall unclear risk of bias due to lack of reporting of study methods. Only one study was registered in a clinical trial register.  While none of the included studies reported the primary outcome of complete resolution of endophthalmitis as defined in our protocol, one study reported combined anatomical and functional success (i.e. proportion of participants with intraocular pressure of at least 5 mmHg and visual acuity of at least 6/120). Very low certainty evidence suggested no difference in combined success when comparing adjunctive steroid to antibiotics alone (risk ratio (RR) 1.08, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.45; 32 participants). Low certainty evidence from two studies suggested that adjunctive dexamethasone may result in having a good visual outcome (Snellen visual acuity 6/6 to 6/18) at 3 months compared with antibiotics alone (RR 1.95, 95% CI 1.05 to 3.60; 60 participants); however, the evidence was less conclusive at 12 months (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.37; 2 studies; 195 participants; low certainty evidence). Investigators of one study reported improvement in visual acuity, but we could not estimate the effect of adjunctive steroid therapy because the study investigators did not provide any estimates of precision. Only one study examined intraocular pressure (IOP). The evidence suggests that adjunctive dexamethasone may reduce IOP slightly after 12 months of interventions (mean difference −1.90, 95% CI −3.78 to 0.07; 1 study; 167 participants; low certainty evidence). Three studies reported adverse events (retinal detachment, hypotony, proliferative vitreoretinopathy, seclusion of pupil, floaters, and pucker). The total numbers of adverse events were 14 out of 111 (12.6%) for those who received dexamethasone versus 12 out of 116 (10.3%) for those who did not. We could only perform a pooled analysis for the occurrence of retinal detachment: any difference between the two treatment groups was uncertain (RR 1.41, 95% CI 0.53 to 3.74; 227 participants; low certainty evidence). No study reported cost‐related outcomes. Authors' conclusions The currently available evidence on the effectiveness of adjunctive steroid therapy versus antibiotics alone in the management of acute endophthalmitis after intraocular surgery is inadequate. We found no studies that had enrolled cases of acute endophthalmitis following intravitreous injection. A combined analysis of two studies suggests that use of adjunctive steroids may provide a higher chance of having a good visual outcome at three months than not using adjunctive steroids. However, considering that most of the confidence intervals crossed the null, and that this review was limited in scope and applicability to clinical practice, it is not possible to conclude whether the use of adjunctive steroids is effective at this time. Any future trials should examine whether adjunctive steroids may be useful in certain clinical settings such as type of causative organism or etiology. These studies should include outcomes that take patients' symptoms and clinical examination into account; report outcomes in a uniform and consistent manner; and follow up at short‐ and long‐term intervals. Plain language summary Steroids plus antibiotics versus antibiotics alone for the treatment of acute endophthalmitis after eye surgery or injections into the eye What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out whether using steroids in addition to antibiotics is more effective than using antibiotics alone for acute endophthalmitis (infection inside the eyeball that can cause vision loss) after eye surgery or injections into the eye. We looked for all studies that answered this question and found four studies. Key messages It is uncertain whether using steroids in addition to antibiotics is helpful or harmful compared with using antibiotics alone to treat acute endophthalmitis after eye surgery or injections into the eye. What was studied in the review? Endophthalmitis is rare, but it is important for people undergoing surgery or injections to the eye to be aware of the risk and for their doctors to know how best to treat it because it can result in vision loss. It is most commonly caused by entry of bacteria into the eye during, or a few days after, surgery or injection. As soon as endophthalmitis is suspected, a sample of the fluid inside the eye is usually obtained (and the fluid drained in severe cases), and antibiotics that cover most types of bacteria are injected into the eye. Although the use of antibiotics is widely accepted, the use of additional steroids to treat endophthalmitis is the subject of debate. Steroids may help to decrease the inflammation inside the eye in people with endophthalmitis. We looked at whether giving steroids in addition to antibiotics affects patient outcomes. What are the main results of the review? We found four studies from South Africa, India, and the Netherlands. Almost all study participants had endophthalmitis after cataract surgery. All four studies compared injecting dexamethasone (a steroid) plus two antibiotics into the eye versus injecting only antibiotics into the eye. Low certainty evidence showed that more participants in the group receiving dexamethasone had a good visual outcome 3 months after treatment than in the antibiotics‐only group, but the evidence was uncertain at 12 months. The effects of using steroids on resolution of endophthalmitis and harms were also uncertain. Given the uncertainty of evidence for most outcomes, it is not clear whether doctors should use steroids with antibiotics to treat endophthalmitis after a procedure in the eye. How up‐to‐date is this review? We searched for studies published up to 17 August 2021.
Devices and dressings to secure peripheral venous catheters to prevent complications; Abstract - Background A peripheral venous catheter (PVC) is typically used for short‐term delivery of intravascular fluids and medications. It is an essential element of modern medicine and the most frequent invasive procedure performed in hospitals. However, PVCs often fail before intravenous treatment is completed: this can occur because the device is not adequately attached to the skin, allowing the PVC to fall out, leading to complications such as phlebitis (irritation or inflammation to the vein wall), infiltration (fluid leaking into surrounding tissues) or occlusion (blockage). An inadequately secured PVC also increases the risk of catheter‐related bloodstream infection (CRBSI), as the pistoning action (moving back and forth in the vein) of the catheter can allow migration of organisms along the catheter and into the bloodstream. Despite the many dressings and securement devices available, the impact of different securement techniques for increasing PVC dwell time is still unclear; there is a need to provide guidance for clinicians by reviewing current studies systematically. Objectives To assess the effects of PVC dressings and securement devices on the incidence of PVC failure. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases to identify reports of relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs): the Cochrane Wounds Group Register (searched 08 April 2015): The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2015, Issue 3), Ovid MEDLINE (1946 to March 7 2015); Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, March 7 2015); Ovid EMBASE (1974 to March 7 2015); and EBSCO CINAHL (1982 to March 8 2015). Selection criteria RCTs or cluster RCTs comparing different dressings or securement devices for the stabilisation of PVCs. Cross‐over trials were ineligible for inclusion, unless data for the first treatment period could be obtained. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed trial quality and extracted data. We contacted study authors for missing information. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included six RCTs (1539 participants) in this review. Trial sizes ranged from 50 to 703 participants. These six trials made four comparisons, namely: transparent dressings versus gauze; bordered transparent dressings versus a securement device; bordered transparent dressings versus tape; and transparent dressing versus sticking plaster. There is  very low quality evidence  of fewer catheter dislodgements or accidental removals with transparent dressings compared with gauze (two studies, 278 participants, RR 0.40; 95% CI 0.17 to 0.92, P = 0.03%). The relative effects of transparent dressings and gauze on phlebitis (RR 0.89; 95% CI 0.47 to 1.68) and infiltration (RR 0.80; 95% CI 0.48 to 1.33) are unclear. The relative effects on PVC failure of a bordered transparent dressing and a securement device have been assessed in only one small study and these were unclear. There was  very low quality evidence  from the same single study of less frequent dislodgement or accidental catheter removal with bordered transparent dressings than securement devices (RR 0.14, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.63) but more phlebitis with bordered dressings (RR 8.11, 95% CI 1.03 to 64.02) ( very low quality evidence ). A small single study compared bordered transparent dressings with tape and found  very low quality evidence  of more PVC failure with the bordered dressing (RR 1.84, 95% CI 1.08 to 3.11) but the relative effects on dislodgement were not clear ( very low quality evidence ). The relative effects of transparent dressings and a sticking plaster have only been compared in one small study and are unclear. More high quality RCTs are required to determine the relative effects of alternative PVC dressings and securement devices. Authors' conclusions It is not clear if any one dressing or securement device is better than any other in securing peripheral venous catheters. There is a need for further, independent high quality trials to evaluate the many traditional as well as the newer, high use products. Given the large cost differences between some different dressings and securement devices, future trials should include a robust cost‐effectiveness analysis. Plain language summary Effectiveness of dressings and other devices that are used to keep a peripheral venous catheter in place Background Most people admitted to an acute/emergency hospital ward require the insertion of a peripheral venous catheter/cannula (PVC), often known as a 'drip' or 'IV'. A PVC is a flexible, hollow, plastic tube that is inserted in a peripheral vein, most commonly in the hand, or lower arm. Up to half of all PVCs stop working before treatment has finished and a new one has to be inserted. This is uncomfortable for the patient and costly for the healthcare system. One of the reasons PVCs fail, is that the products used to hold them in place are not fully effective, and allow the PVC to move around. This movement causes redness, inflammation and even blood infections. The PVC can become blocked, or leak into the surrounding tissues, or even fall out as a consequence of the movement. The function of PVC dressings and/or securement devices is to keep the PVC in the vein, and to cover the insertion site so that it is kept dry and clean and protected from infection. Review question We reviewed the evidence about the effect that different PVC dressings and securement devices have on PVC failure rates. Study characteristics We searched the medical literature for studies that compared different types of products that are used to keep PVCs in place. We found six studies (involving 1539 participants) that compared four different ways of securing PVCs. These included: 1. a plain transparent film dressing compared with a gauze (woven fabric) dressing;  2. a bordered transparent dressing (clear transparent window with a reinforced fabric edge) compared with a securement device (that has anchor points or clips that hold the PVC in place over a strong adhesive base pad on the skin) that is used in conjunction with a transparent film dressing;  3. a bordered transparent dressing compared with non‐sterile medical tape;  4. a plain transparent film dressing compared with sticking plaster. The participants in the studies were both adults and children on medical and surgical wards. There were no studies based in emergency departments. Key results Two studies provided very low quality evidence that PVCs were less likely to fail when a transparent dressing was used rather than gauze. Other positive outcomes favouring one dressing over another were based on the results of very low quality, single studies. Overall there is a lack of high quality evidence and continued uncertainty regarding the best methods of securing a peripheral venous catheter remains. More high quality research is needed in this area. Quality of the evidence We assessed a number of quality indicators regarding the methods used in each study and graded the overall quality of studies as very low. Each study had a high or unclear risk of bias for some of the quality indicators. For example, it is likely that clinical staff responsible for assessing participants' outcomes knew the treatment group to which each person belonged, as the securement methods for PVCs looked different. There were only a limited number of studies available for consideration in this review, and they did not investigate some securement products that are in common use.
Signs and symptoms to determine if a patient presenting in primary care or hospital outpatient settings has COVID‐19; Abstract - Background COVID‐19 illness is highly variable, ranging from infection with no symptoms through to pneumonia and life‐threatening consequences. Symptoms such as fever, cough, or loss of sense of smell (anosmia) or taste (ageusia), can help flag early on if the disease is present. Such information could be used either to rule out COVID‐19 disease, or to identify people who need to go for COVID‐19 diagnostic tests. This is the second update of this review, which was first published in 2020. Objectives To assess the diagnostic accuracy of signs and symptoms to determine if a person presenting in primary care or to hospital outpatient settings, such as the emergency department or dedicated COVID‐19 clinics, has COVID‐19. Search methods We undertook electronic searches up to 10 June 2021 in the University of Bern living search database. In addition, we checked repositories of COVID‐19 publications. We used artificial intelligence text analysis to conduct an initial classification of documents. We did not apply any language restrictions. Selection criteria Studies were eligible if they included people with clinically suspected COVID‐19, or recruited known cases with COVID‐19 and also controls without COVID‐19 from a single‐gate cohort. Studies were eligible when they recruited people presenting to primary care or hospital outpatient settings. Studies that included people who contracted SARS‐CoV‐2 infection while admitted to hospital were not eligible. The minimum eligible sample size of studies was 10 participants. All signs and symptoms were eligible for this review, including individual signs and symptoms or combinations. We accepted a range of reference standards. Data collection and analysis Pairs of review authors independently selected all studies, at both title and abstract, and full‐text stage. They resolved any disagreements by discussion with a third review author. Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias using the QUADAS‐2 checklist, and resolved disagreements by discussion with a third review author. Analyses were restricted to prospective studies only. We presented sensitivity and specificity in paired forest plots, in receiver operating characteristic (ROC) space and in dumbbell plots. We estimated summary parameters using a bivariate random‐effects meta‐analysis whenever five or more primary prospective studies were available, and whenever heterogeneity across studies was deemed acceptable. Main results We identified 90 studies; for this update we focused on the results of 42 prospective studies with 52,608 participants. Prevalence of COVID‐19 disease varied from 3.7% to 60.6% with a median of 27.4%. Thirty‐five studies were set in emergency departments or outpatient test centres (46,878 participants), three in primary care settings (1230 participants), two in a mixed population of in‐ and outpatients in a paediatric hospital setting (493 participants), and two overlapping studies in nursing homes (4007 participants). The studies did not clearly distinguish mild COVID‐19 disease from COVID‐19 pneumonia, so we present the results for both conditions together. Twelve studies had a high risk of bias for selection of participants because they used a high level of preselection to decide whether reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT‐PCR) testing was needed, or because they enrolled a non‐consecutive sample, or because they excluded individuals while they were part of the study base. We rated 36 of the 42 studies as high risk of bias for the index tests because there was little or no detail on how, by whom and when, the symptoms were measured. For most studies, eligibility for testing was dependent on the local case definition and testing criteria that were in effect at the time of the study, meaning most people who were included in studies had already been referred to health services based on the symptoms that we are evaluating in this review. The applicability of the results of this review iteration improved in comparison with the previous reviews. This version has more studies of people presenting to ambulatory settings, which is where the majority of assessments for COVID‐19 take place. Only three studies presented any data on children separately, and only one focused specifically on older adults. We found data on 96 symptoms or combinations of signs and symptoms. Evidence on individual signs as diagnostic tests was rarely reported, so this review reports mainly on the diagnostic value of symptoms. Results were highly variable across studies. Most had very low sensitivity and high specificity. RT‐PCR was the most often used reference standard (40/42 studies). Only cough (11 studies) had a summary sensitivity above 50% (62.4%, 95% CI 50.6% to 72.9%)); its specificity was low (45.4%, 95% CI 33.5% to 57.9%)). Presence of fever had a sensitivity of 37.6% (95% CI 23.4% to 54.3%) and a specificity of 75.2% (95% CI 56.3% to 87.8%). The summary positive likelihood ratio of cough was 1.14 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.25) and that of fever 1.52 (95% CI 1.10 to 2.10). Sore throat had a summary positive likelihood ratio of 0.814 (95% CI 0.714 to 0.929), which means that its presence increases the probability of having an infectious disease other than COVID‐19. Dyspnoea (12 studies) and fatigue (8 studies) had a sensitivity of 23.3% (95% CI 16.4% to 31.9%) and 40.2% (95% CI 19.4% to 65.1%) respectively. Their specificity was 75.7% (95% CI 65.2% to 83.9%) and 73.6% (95% CI 48.4% to 89.3%). The summary positive likelihood ratio of dyspnoea was 0.96 (95% CI 0.83 to 1.11) and that of fatigue 1.52 (95% CI 1.21 to 1.91), which means that the presence of fatigue slightly increases the probability of having COVID‐19. Anosmia alone (7 studies), ageusia alone (5 studies), and anosmia or ageusia (6 studies) had summary sensitivities below 50% but summary specificities over 90%. Anosmia had a summary sensitivity of 26.4% (95% CI 13.8% to 44.6%) and a specificity of 94.2% (95% CI 90.6% to 96.5%). Ageusia had a summary sensitivity of 23.2% (95% CI 10.6% to 43.3%) and a specificity of 92.6% (95% CI 83.1% to 97.0%). Anosmia or ageusia had a summary sensitivity of 39.2% (95% CI 26.5% to 53.6%) and a specificity of 92.1% (95% CI 84.5% to 96.2%). The summary positive likelihood ratios of anosmia alone and anosmia or ageusia were 4.55 (95% CI 3.46 to 5.97) and 4.99 (95% CI 3.22 to 7.75) respectively, which is just below our arbitrary definition of a 'red flag', that is, a positive likelihood ratio of at least 5. The summary positive likelihood ratio of ageusia alone was 3.14 (95% CI 1.79 to 5.51). Twenty‐four studies assessed combinations of different signs and symptoms, mostly combining olfactory symptoms. By combining symptoms with other information such as contact or travel history, age, gender, and a local recent case detection rate, some multivariable prediction scores reached a sensitivity as high as 90%. Authors' conclusions Most individual symptoms included in this review have poor diagnostic accuracy. Neither absence nor presence of symptoms are accurate enough to rule in or rule out the disease. The presence of anosmia or ageusia may be useful as a red flag for the presence of COVID‐19. The presence of cough also supports further testing. There is currently no evidence to support further testing with PCR in any individuals presenting only with upper respiratory symptoms such as sore throat, coryza or rhinorrhoea. Combinations of symptoms with other readily available information such as contact or travel history, or the local recent case detection rate may prove more useful and should be further investigated in an unselected population presenting to primary care or hospital outpatient settings. The diagnostic accuracy of symptoms for COVID‐19 is moderate to low and any testing strategy using symptoms as selection mechanism will result in both large numbers of missed cases and large numbers of people requiring testing. Which one of these is minimised, is determined by the goal of COVID‐19 testing strategies, that is, controlling the epidemic by isolating every possible case versus identifying those with clinically important disease so that they can be monitored or treated to optimise their prognosis. The former will require a testing strategy that uses very few symptoms as entry criterion for testing, the latter could focus on more specific symptoms such as fever and anosmia. Plain language summary How accurate are symptoms and medical examination to diagnose COVID‐19? Key messages ‐ The results suggest that a single symptom included in this review cannot accurately diagnose COVID‐19. ‐ Loss of sense of taste or smell could be a 'red flag' for the presence of COVID‐19. Cough or fever might be useful to identify people who might have COVID‐19. These symptoms might be useful to prompt further testing when they are present. ‐ We need more research to investigate combinations of symptoms and signs with other information such as recent contact or travel history, or vaccination status, and in children, and adults aged 65 years and over. What are symptoms or signs of COVID‐19? Symptoms are experienced by patients. COVID‐19 symptoms include cough, sore throat, high temperature, diarrhoea, headache, muscle or joint pain, fatigue, and loss of sense of smell and taste. Signs are measured by healthcare workers during clinical examination. They include lung sounds, blood pressure, blood oxygen level and heart rate. Symptoms and signs of COVID‐19 might be important to help people know whether they and the people they come into contact with should isolate at home, undergo testing with a rapid lateral flow test or PCR (laboratory‐based) test, or be hospitalised. What did we want to find out? Symptoms and signs of COVID‐19 are varied and may indicate other diseases, not just COVID‐19. We wanted to know how accurate diagnosis of COVID‐19 is, based on symptoms and signs from medical examination. We were interested in people with suspected COVID‐19, who go to their doctor, outpatient test centres or hospital. What did we do? We searched for studies that assessed the accuracy of symptoms and signs to diagnose COVID‐19. Studies had to be conducted in general practice, outpatient test centres or hospital outpatient settings only. We only included studies of people in hospital if signs and symptoms were recorded when they were admitted to the hospital, for example through the emergency department. What did we find? We focused on 42 studies with 52,608 participants in this review. The studies assessed 96 separate or combined symptoms and signs. Thirty‐five studies were conducted in emergency departments or outpatient COVID‐19 test centres (46,878 participants), 3 studies in general practice (1230 participants), 2 studies in children’s hospitals (493 in‐ and outpatients), and 2 studies in nursing homes (4007 participants). The studies were conducted in 18 different countries around the world. Twenty‐three studies were conducted in Europe, 8 in North‐America, 5 in Asia, and 3 in South‐America and 3 in Australia. We didn’t find any studies conducted in Africa. Three focused specifically on children, and only 1 focused on adults aged 65 years and over. Most studies did not clearly distinguish between mild and severe COVID‐19, so we present the results for mild, moderate and severe disease together. Few studies reported individual signs as diagnostic tests, so we focus mainly on the diagnostic value of symptoms. The most frequently reported symptoms were cough, fever, shortness of breath and sore throat. According to the studies in our review, in a group of 1000 people with suspected COVID‐19 of whom 270 (27%) would actually have COVID‐19, around 567 people would have a cough. Of these 567, 168 would actually have COVID‐19. Of the 433 who do not have a cough, 102 would have COVID‐19. In the same 1000 people, around 283 people would have a fever. Of these 283, 102 would actually have COVID‐19. Of the 717 people without fever, 168 would have COVID‐19. Someone who has lost their sense of smell or taste is five times more likely to have COVID‐19 than someone who hasn’t. Other symptoms, such as a sore throat or runny nose, are more likely to indicate the presence of an infectious disease other than COVID‐19. In the same 1000 people as described above, around 362 people would have a sore throat. Of these, only 84 would actually have COVID‐19. Of the 638 patients without sore throat, 186 would have COVID‐19. We found similar figures for having a runny nose. What are the limitations of the evidence? The results of this updated review are more reliable than those in previous versions as we included more high‐quality studies. However, the accuracy of individual symptoms varied across studies and the diagnostic value of symptoms such as fever, cough or other respiratory symptoms might still be overestimated, as most studies deliberately included participants because they had these symptoms. The results do not clearly differentiate between people with mild, moderate or severe COVID‐19. Only a few studies investigated the symptom‐based diagnosis of COVID‐19 in children or older adults. How up to date is this review? This review updates our previous review. The evidence is up to date to June 2021.
Artemether for severe malaria; Abstract - Background In 2011 the World Health Organization (WHO) recommended parenteral artesunate in preference to quinine as first‐line treatment for people with severe malaria. Prior to this recommendation many countries, particularly in Africa, had begun to use artemether, an alternative artemisinin derivative. This Cochrane Review evaluates intramuscular artemether compared with both quinine and artesunate. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of intramuscular artemether versus any other parenteral medication in the treatment of severe malaria in adults and children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS, ISI Web of Science, conference proceedings, and reference lists of articles. We also searched the WHO International Clinical Trial Registry Platform, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the metaRegister of Controlled Trials (mRCT) for ongoing trials up to 7 September 2018. We checked the reference lists of all studies identified by the search. We examined references listed in review articles and previously compiled bibliographies to look for eligible studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing intramuscular artemether with intravenous/intramuscular quinine or artesunate for treating severe malaria. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was all‐cause death. Two review authors independently screened each article by title and abstract, and examined potentially relevant studies for inclusion using an eligibility form. Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias of included studies. We summarized dichotomous outcomes using risk ratios (RRs) and continuous outcomes using mean differences (MDs), and have presented both measures with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Where appropriate, we combined data in meta‐analyses and used the GRADE approach to summarize the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 19 RCTs, enrolling 2874 adults and children with severe malaria, carried out in Africa (12 trials) and in Asia (7 trials). Artemether versus quinine For children, there is probably little or no difference in the risk of death between intramuscular artemether and quinine (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.21; 13 trials, 1659 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). Coma resolution time may be about five hours shorter with artemether (MD −5.45, 95% CI −7.90 to −3.00; six trials, 358 participants, low‐certainty evidence). Artemether may make little difference to neurological sequelae (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.07; seven trials, 968 participants, low‐certainty evidence). Compared to quinine, artemether probably shortens the parasite clearance time by about nine hours (MD −9.03, 95% CI −11.43 to −6.63; seven trials, 420 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence), and may shorten the fever clearance time by about three hours (MD −3.73, 95% CI −6.55 to −0.92; eight trials, 457 participants, low‐certainty evidence). For adults, treatment with intramuscular artemether probably results in fewer deaths than treatment with quinine (RR 0.59, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.83; four trials, 716 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). Artemether versus artesunate Artemether and artesunate have not been directly compared in randomized trials in children. For adults, mortality is probably higher with intramuscular artemether (RR 1.80, 95% CI 1.09 to 2.97; two trials, 494 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Artemether appears to be more effective than quinine in children and adults. Artemether compared to artesunate has not been extensively studied, but in adults it appears inferior. These findings are consistent with the WHO recommendations that artesunate is the drug of choice, but artemether is acceptable when artesunate is not available. 16 September 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search All published trials found in the last search (7 Sep, 2018) were included, and we did not identify any ongoing trials. Plain language summary Artemether injection for treating people with severe malaria What is the aim of this review? Injection of artesunate is recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO) for treating adults and children that have severe malaria as studies have shown that it results in fewer deaths compared to quinine treatment. Artemether is an alternative artemisinin‐based medicine but is only available as a pre‐mixed oil‐based solution for intramuscular injection. Artemether is now widely available and is used in many African countries, although it is not specifically recommended by the WHO. The aim of this review was to examine the effects of treating people that have severe malaria with artemether injected intramuscularly compared to treatment with other antimalarial medicines given intramuscularly or intravenously. Key messages Artemether may not be more effective than quinine at preventing deaths from severe malaria in children. However, in adults artemether is probably more effective than quinine at preventing deaths. With respect to other patient‐oriented outcomes such as fever and parasite clearance time, artemether seems to be more effective than quinine in children and adults. For adults, artemether had a large effect on death compared to quinine but other outcomes were largely not reported or showed no significant difference. Artemether has not been compared to artesunate in children. Although there is a paucity of direct evidence comparing artemether with artesunate in adults, artemether probably increases the risk of death compared to artesunate. In settings where artesunate is not available, artemether remains a better alternative to quinine for the treatment of severe malaria. What was studied in the review? The review authors examined the available research that evaluated the effects of treating people that have severe malaria with artemether injected intramuscularly compared to treatment with other antimalarial medicines given intramuscularly or intravenously. Nineteen studies looked at the effects of treatment with intramuscular artemether on people with severe malaria compared to treatment with other antimalarial medicines given intramuscularly or intravenously. These studies were undertaken in Africa (12 studies) and Asia (seven studies). This is an update of a 2014 Cochrane Review and includes a new trial from Central African Republic. What are the main results of the review? Artemether versus quinine For children, intramuscular artemether is probably as good as quinine at preventing deaths from severe malaria (moderate‐certainty evidence). Artemether may shorten time to coma resolution by about five hours (low‐certainty evidence), and may reduce the number of children with signs of brain damage at the time of hospital discharge (low‐certainty evidence). In older children (> 15 years) and adults, treatment with artemether probably results in fewer deaths than quinine (moderate‐certainty evidence). Artemether versus artesunate In adults, artemether performs worse than artesunate in terms of mortality (moderate‐certainty evidence), but no trials have been conducted in young children. How up to date is this review? The review authors searched for studies up to 7 September 2018.
Uterotonic agents for preventing postpartum haemorrhage: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) is the leading cause of maternal mortality worldwide. Prophylactic uterotonic agents can prevent PPH, and are routinely recommended. The current World Health Organization (WHO) recommendation for preventing PPH is 10 IU (international units) of intramuscular or intravenous oxytocin. There are several uterotonic agents for preventing PPH but there is still uncertainty about which agent is most effective with the least side effects. This is an update of a Cochrane Review which was first published in April 2018 and was updated to incorporate results from a recent large WHO trial. Objectives To identify the most effective uterotonic agent(s) to prevent PPH with the least side effects, and generate a ranking according to their effectiveness and side‐effect profile. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (24 May 2018), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials or cluster‐randomised trials comparing the effectiveness and side effects of uterotonic agents with other uterotonic agents, placebo or no treatment for preventing PPH were eligible for inclusion. Quasi‐randomised trials were excluded. Randomised trials published only as abstracts were eligible if sufficient information could be retrieved. Data collection and analysis At least three review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We estimated the relative effects and rankings for preventing PPH ≥ 500 mL and PPH ≥ 1000 mL as primary outcomes. Secondary outcomes included blood loss and related outcomes, morbidity outcomes, maternal well‐being and satisfaction and side effects. Primary outcomes were also reported for pre‐specified subgroups, stratifying by mode of birth, prior risk of PPH, healthcare setting, dosage, regimen and route of administration. We performed pairwise meta‐analyses and network meta‐analysis to determine the relative effects and rankings of all available agents. Main results The network meta‐analysis included 196 trials (135,559 women) involving seven uterotonic agents and placebo or no treatment, conducted across 53 countries (including high‐, middle‐ and low‐income countries). Most trials were performed in a hospital setting (187/196, 95.4%) with women undergoing a vaginal birth (71.5%, 140/196). Relative effects from the network meta‐analysis suggested that all agents were effective for preventing PPH ≥ 500 mL when compared with placebo or no treatment. The three highest ranked uterotonic agents for prevention of PPH ≥ 500 mL were ergometrine plus oxytocin combination, misoprostol plus oxytocin combination and carbetocin. There is evidence that ergometrine plus oxytocin (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.84, moderate certainty), carbetocin (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.93, moderate certainty) and misoprostol plus oxytocin (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.86, low certainty) may reduce PPH ≥ 500 mL compared with oxytocin. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that misoprostol, injectable prostaglandins, and ergometrine may make little or no difference to this outcome compared with oxytocin. All agents except ergometrine and injectable prostaglandins were effective for preventing PPH ≥ 1000 mL when compared with placebo or no treatment. High‐certainty evidence suggests that ergometrine plus oxytocin (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.03) and misoprostol plus oxytocin (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.11) make little or no difference in the outcome of PPH ≥ 1000 mL compared with oxytocin. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that ergometrine may make little or no difference to this outcome compared with oxytocin meanwhile the evidence on carbetocin was of very low certainty. High‐certainty evidence suggests that misoprostol is less effective in preventing PPH ≥ 1000 mL when compared with oxytocin (RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.42). Despite the comparable relative treatment effects between all uterotonics (except misoprostol) and oxytocin, ergometrine plus oxytocin, misoprostol plus oxytocin combinations and carbetocin were the highest ranked agents for PPH ≥ 1000 mL. Misoprostol plus oxytocin reduces the use of additional uterotonics (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.73, high certainty) and probably also reduces the risk of blood transfusion (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.70, moderate certainty) when compared with oxytocin. Carbetocin, injectable prostaglandins and ergometrine plus oxytocin may also reduce the use of additional uterotonics but the certainty of the evidence is low. No meaningful differences could be detected between all agents for maternal deaths or severe morbidity as these outcomes were rare in the included randomised trials where they were reported. The two combination regimens were associated with important side effects. When compared with oxytocin, misoprostol plus oxytocin combination increases the likelihood of vomiting (RR 2.11, 95% CI 1.39 to 3.18, high certainty) and fever (RR 3.14, 95% CI 2.20 to 4.49, moderate certainty). Ergometrine plus oxytocin increases the likelihood of vomiting (RR 2.93, 95% CI 2.08 to 4.13, moderate certainty) and may make little or no difference to the risk of hypertension, however absolute effects varied considerably and the certainty of the evidence was low for this outcome. Subgroup analyses did not reveal important subgroup differences by mode of birth (caesarean versus vaginal birth), setting (hospital versus community), risk of PPH (high versus low risk for PPH), dose of misoprostol (≥ 600 mcg versus < 600 mcg) and regimen of oxytocin (bolus versus bolus plus infusion versus infusion only). Authors' conclusions All agents were generally effective for preventing PPH when compared with placebo or no treatment. Ergometrine plus oxytocin combination, carbetocin, and misoprostol plus oxytocin combination may have some additional desirable effects compared with the current standard oxytocin. The two combination regimens, however, are associated with significant side effects. Carbetocin may be more effective than oxytocin for some outcomes without an increase in side effects. Plain language summary Which drug is best for reducing excessive blood loss after birth? What is the issue? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out which drug is most effective in preventing excessive blood loss at childbirth and has the least side effects. We collected and analysed all the relevant studies to answer this question (date of search: 24 May 2018). Why is this important? Excessive bleeding after birth is the most common reason why mothers die in childbirth worldwide. Although most women will have moderate bleeding at birth, others may bleed excessively, and this can pose a serious risk to their health and life. To reduce excessive bleeding at birth, the routine administration of a drug to contract the uterus (uterotonic) has become standard practice across the world. Different drugs given routinely at birth have been used for reducing excessive bleeding. They include oxytocin, misoprostol, ergometrine, carbetocin, injectable prostaglandins and combinations of these drugs, each with different effectiveness and side effects. Some of the side effects identified include: vomiting, high blood pressure and fever. Currently, oxytocin is recommended as the standard drug to reduce excessive bleeding. We analysed all the available evidence to compare the effectiveness and side‐effect profiles for each drug. What evidence did we find? We found 196 studies involving 135,559 women. We compared seven uterotonic agents against each other and against women receiving no uterotonic. Studies were conducted across 53 countries. In most studies women were giving birth normally and in a hospital. The analysis suggests that all drugs are effective for preventing blood loss that equals or exceeds 500 mL when compared with no routine uterotonic treatment. Compared with oxytocin (the standard recommended drug), the three best drugs for this outcome were a combination of ergometrine plus oxytocin, carbetocin, and a combination of misoprostol plus oxytocin. We found the other drugs misoprostol, injectable prostaglandins, and ergometrine may make little or no difference to this outcome compared with oxytocin. All drugs except ergometrine and injectable prostaglandins are effective for preventing blood loss that equals or exceeds 1000 mL when compared with no treatment. Ergometrine plus oxytocin and misoprostol plus oxytocin make little or no difference in this outcome compared with oxytocin. It is uncertain whether carbetocin and ergometrine alone make any difference to this outcome. However, misoprostol is less effective in preventing blood loss that equals or exceeds 1000 mL compared with oxytocin. Misoprostol plus oxytocin reduces the use of additional uterotonics and probably also reduces the risk of blood transfusion when compared with oxytocin. Carbetocin, injectable prostaglandins and ergometrine plus oxytocin may also reduce the use of additional uterotonics but the certainty of the evidence is low. No meaningful differences could be detected between all agents for maternal deaths or severe birth complication as these are rare in such studies. The two combinations of drugs were associated with important side effects. When compared with oxytocin, women receiving misoprostol plus oxytocin combination are more likely to suffer vomiting and fever. Women receiving ergometrine plus oxytocin are also more likely to suffer vomiting and may make little or no difference to the risk of hypertension, however the certainty of the evidence was low for this outcome. The analyses gave similar results irrespective of whether women were giving birth normally or by caesarean, in a hospital or in the community, were at high or low risk for bleeding excessively after birth, whether they received a high or a low dose of misoprostol and whether they received a bolus or an infusion of oxytocin or both. What does this mean? All agents were generally effective for preventing excessive bleeding when compared with no uterotonic drug treatment. Ergometrine plus oxytocin combination, carbetocin, and misoprostol plus oxytocin combination may have some additional benefits compared with the current standard oxytocin. The two combination drugs, however, are associated with significant side effects that women might find disturbing compared with oxytocin. Carbetocin may have some additional benefits compared with oxytocin and appears to be without an increase in side effects.
Circumcision devices versus standard surgical techniques in adolescent and adult male circumcisions; Abstract - Background Medical circumcisions are among the most common surgical procedures performed in males. The usual indications are phimosis (inability to completely retract the foreskin and expose the glans due to a congenital or acquired constriction of the prepuce), paraphimosis (when the foreskin is not pulled back over the glans after retraction resulting in a tight constricting band which causes swelling of the distal penis and acute discomfort), balanoposthitis (erythema and edema of the prepuce and glans) and balanitis (inflammation is confined to the glans; the foreskin is usually non‐retractile). Circumcision devices have been developed to shorten the operative time, simplify techniques, and improve safety and cosmetic outcomes. The devices generally aim to crush the foreskin while simultaneously creating hemostasis, the foreskin is then excised or allowed to slough off. Their use is supposedly safer and easier to replicate than the standard dissection techniques. There are at least 20 devices for male circumcision on the market, yet their effectiveness has not been reviewed to date. Objectives To assess the effects of device‐based circumcisions compared with standard surgical techniques in adolescent and adult males (10 years old and above). Search methods We performed a comprehensive search with no restrictions to the language of publication or publication status. We searched the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE (PubMed), Embase, Web of Science, trials registries, grey literature sources and conference proceedings up to 16 April 2020. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials of device‐based circumcisions (crush or ligature circumcision devices) compared to standard surgical dissection‐based circumcision conducted by health professionals in a medical setting. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently assessed study eligibility and extracted data from the included studies. We classified adverse events into serious, moderate or mild. We reported study results as risk ratios (RR) or mean differences (MD) using 95% confidence intervals (CI) and a random‐effects model. We used the GRADE approach to evaluate the overall certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results Eighteen trials met the inclusion criteria. Trials were conducted in China, South Africa, Kenya and Zambia, Mozambique, Rwanda, Uganda and Zimbabwe. Primary outcomes Serious adverse events: there were no serious adverse events in either treatment arm (11 trials, 3472 participants). Moderate adverse events: there may be a slight increase in moderate adverse events when devices are used compared to standard surgical techniques (RR 1.31, 95% CI 0.55 to 3.10; I²= 68%; 10 trials, 3370 participants; low‐certainty evidence); this corresponds to 8 more (ranging from 15 fewer to 84 more) moderate adverse events per 1000 participants. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for study limitations and imprecision. Secondary outcomes Mild adverse events: we are uncertain about the difference in mild adverse events between groups when devices are used compared to standard surgical techniques (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.44 to 2.72; I² = 91%; 10 trials, 3370 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for study limitations, imprecision and unexplained inconsistency. Operative time: operative time is probably about 17 minutes shorter when using a device rather than standard surgical techniques, which constitutes a clinically meaningful decrease in a procedure (MD –17.26 minutes, 95% CI –19.96 to –14.57; I² = 99%; 14 trials, 4812 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for serious study limitations. The standard surgical technique generally takes about 24 minutes. There may be less postoperative pain during the first 24 hours when circumcision devices are used compared to standard surgical techniques (measured using a visual analog scale [VAS]; MD 1.30 cm lower, 95% CI 2.37 lower to 0.22 lower; I² = 99%; 9 trials, 3022 participants; low‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for study limitations and unexplained heterogeneity. There may be little or no difference in postoperative pain experienced during the first seven days when compared with standard surgical techniques (measured using a VAS; MD 0.11 cm higher, 95% CI 0.89 lower to 1.11 higher; I² = 94%; 4 trials, 1430 participants; low‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for study limitations and unexplained inconsistency. A higher score on the VAS indicates greater pain. Participants may slightly prefer circumcision devices compared to standard surgical techniques (RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.37; I² = 97%; 15 trials, 4501 participants; low‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for study limitations and unexplained inconsistency. We recorded satisfaction as a dichotomous outcome. Higher rates reflected greater satisfaction. Authors' conclusions We found that there were no serious adverse events reported when using a circumcision device compared to standard surgical techniques, but they may slightly increase moderate adverse effects, and it is unclear whether there is a difference in mild adverse effects. Use of circumcision devices probably reduces the time of the procedure by about 17 minutes, a clinically meaningful time saving. For patients, use of the circumcision device may result in lower pain scores during the first 24 hours and patients may be slightly more satisfied with it compared with standard surgical techniques. Clinicians, patients and policymakers can use these results in conjunction with their own contextual factors to inform the approach that best suits their healthcare settings. High‐quality trials evaluating this intervention are needed to provide further certainty regarding the rates of adverse effects and postoperative pain of using devices compared to standard approaches. Plain language summary Are circumcision devices safer or faster when compared to standard surgical circumcisions for males older than 10 years? Background Male circumcisions have been performed for many centuries and are one of the most common surgical procedures in males. Medical doctors usually perform circumcisions by removing the foreskin found on the penis in a surgical procedure. Some doctors use circumcision devices specifically designed for medical male circumcisions. It is believed that they may save time, and be simpler and safer circumcision methods. But, it is unclear from research evidence whether males circumcised with these devices have better health outcomes. Study characteristics After a wide search of the literature, we found 18 clinical trials including 5246 males. We looked at information from trials that compared surgical and device‐based circumcision procedures. We compared the complications (negative experiences) that patients had after the circumcision; the amount of time a healthcare provider took to do the circumcision; patient's pain during the day after the procedure and one week afterwards; and the amount of satisfaction patients felt with the procedure. Key results There was probably little to no difference in serious complications (negative effects) such as admission to hospital or permanent damage to the penis in any trial whether men had a standard surgical circumcision or used a circumcision device. There may be slightly more moderate complications that require additional treatment such as stitches or antibiotics for those circumcised with devices, but further evidence may help us understand this better. We are unsure whether or not there is a difference in mild complications such as minor bleeding that requires added treatment, but further evidence may help us understand this better. The average duration for the standard surgical procedure is about 24 minutes (ranging from 15 minutes to 31 minutes), compared to the use of circumcision devices that has an average duration of about 7 minutes (ranging from 3 minutes to 13 minutes). Therefore, the review found that using a circumcision device saved about 17 minutes compared to standard surgical circumcision. There may be less pain during the first 24 hours in patients who were circumcised with the device compared to standard surgical circumcision. There may be little or no difference in pain in the first seven days after circumcision for patients who were circumcised with the device compared to those circumcised with standard surgical methods. We found that patients were slightly more satisfied when circumcised with a device compared to those that received a standard surgical circumcision procedure. Conclusions Overall, our review found that circumcision devices may have slightly more complications than standard surgery, such as requiring antibiotics or stitches. We also found that procedures done with circumcision devices probably take less time to complete. Patients may feel less pain in the first 24 hours after a circumcision procedure when a device is used compared to the standard surgery. Patients may slightly prefer the use of a device compared to standard surgery. When deciding whether to use a device, these results should be kept in mind alongside consideration of the local context such as costs and access to trained healthcare workers in different healthcare settings. Further trials can help us to understand the benefits and harms with more certainty, particularly about complications and postoperative pain.
Interventions for patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in preterm infants: an overview of Cochrane Systematic Reviews; Abstract - Background Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is associated with significant morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. Several non‐pharmacological, pharmacological, and surgical approaches have been explored to prevent or treat a PDA. Objectives To summarise Cochrane Neonatal evidence on interventions (pharmacological or surgical) for the prevention of PDA and related complications, and interventions for the management of asymptomatic and symptomatic PDA in preterm infants. Methods We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews on 20 October 2022 for ongoing and published Cochrane Reviews on the prevention and treatment of PDA in preterm (< 37 weeks' gestation) or low birthweight (< 2500 g) infants. We included all published Cochrane Reviews assessing the following categories of interventions: pharmacological therapy using prostaglandin inhibitor drugs (indomethacin, ibuprofen, and acetaminophen), adjunctive pharmacological interventions, invasive PDA closure procedures, and non‐pharmacological interventions. Two overview authors independently checked the eligibility of the reviews retrieved by the search, and extracted data from the included reviews using a predefined data extraction form. Any disagreements were resolved by discussion with a third overview author. Two overview authors independently assessed the methodological quality of the included reviews using the AMSTAR 2 (A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews) tool. We reported the GRADE certainty of evidence as assessed by the respective review authors using summary of findings tables. Main results We included 16 Cochrane Reviews, corresponding to 138 randomised clinical trials (RCT) and 11,856 preterm infants, on the prevention and treatment of PDA in preterm infants. One of the 16 reviews had no included studies, and therefore, did not contribute to the results. Six reviews reported on prophylactic interventions for the prevention of PDA and included pharmacological prophylaxis with prostaglandin inhibitor drugs, prophylactic surgical PDA ligation, and non‐pharmacologic interventions (chest shielding during phototherapy and restriction of fluid intake); one review reported on the use of indomethacin for the management of asymptomatic PDA; nine reviews reported on interventions for the management of symptomatic PDA, and included pharmacotherapy with prostaglandin inhibitor drugs in various routes and dosages, surgical PDA ligation, and adjunct therapies (use of furosemide and dopamine in conjunction with indomethacin). The quality of reviews varied. Two reviews were assessed to be high quality, seven reviews were of moderate quality, five of low quality, while two reviews were deemed to be of critically low quality. For prevention of PDA, prophylactic indomethacin reduces severe intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH; relative risk (RR) 0.66, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53 to 0.82; 14 RCTs, 2588 infants), and the need for invasive PDA closure (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.71; 8 RCTs, 1791 infants), but it does not appear to affect the composite outcome of death or moderate/severe neurodevelopmental disability (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.15; 3 RCTs, 1491 infants). Prophylactic ibuprofen probably marginally reduces severe IVH (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.00; 7 RCTs, 925 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence), and the need for invasive PDA closure (RR 0.46, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.96; 7 RCTs, 925 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain on the effect of prophylactic acetaminophen on severe IVH (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.39; 1 RCT, 48 infants). Necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) was lower with both prophylactic surgical ligation (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.83; 1 RCT, 84 infants), and fluid restriction (RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.87; 4 RCTs, 526 infants). For treatment of asymptomatic PDA, indomethacin appears to reduce the development of symptomatic PDA post‐treatment (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.68; 3 RCTs, 97 infants; quality of source review: critically low). For treatment of symptomatic PDA, all available prostaglandin inhibitor drugs appear to be more effective in closing a PDA than placebo or no treatment (indomethacin: RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.38; 10 RCTs, 654 infants; high‐certainty evidence; ibuprofen: RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.86; 2 RCTs, 206 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence; early administration of acetaminophen: RR 0.35, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.53; 2 RCTs, 127 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Oral ibuprofen appears to be more effective in PDA closure than intravenous (IV) ibuprofen (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.56; 5 RCTs, 406 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence). High‐dose ibuprofen appears to be more effective in PDA closure than standard‐dose ibuprofen (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.61; 3 RCTs, 190 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence). With respect to adverse outcomes, compared to indomethacin administration, NEC appears to be lower with ibuprofen (any route; RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.94; 18 RCTs, 1292 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence), oral ibuprofen (RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.73; 7 RCTs, 249 infants; low‐certainty evidence), and with acetaminophen (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.96; 4 RCTs, 384 infants; low‐certainty evidence). However, NEC appears to be increased with a prolonged course of indomethacin versus a shorter course (RR 1.87, 95% CI 1.07 to 3.27; 4 RCTs, 310 infants). Authors' conclusions This overview summarised the evidence from 16 Cochrane Reviews of RCTs regarding the effects of interventions for the prevention and treatment of PDA in preterm infants. Prophylactic indomethacin reduces severe IVH, but does not appear to affect the composite outcome of death or moderate/severe neurodevelopmental disability. Prophylactic ibuprofen probably marginally reduces severe IVH (moderate‐certainty evidence), while the evidence is very uncertain on the effect of prophylactic acetaminophen on severe IVH. All available prostaglandin inhibitor drugs appear to be effective in symptomatic PDA closure compared to no treatment (high‐certainty evidence for indomethacin; moderate‐certainty evidence for ibuprofen; low‐certainty evidence for early administration of acetaminophen). Oral ibuprofen appears to be more effective in PDA closure than IV ibuprofen (moderate‐certainty evidence). High dose ibuprofen appears to be more effective in PDA closure than standard‐dose ibuprofen (moderate‐certainty evidence). There are currently two ongoing reviews, one on fluid restriction for symptomatic PDA, and the other on invasive management of PDA in preterm infants. Plain language summary Treatments to manage patent ductus arteriosus in premature babies Review question What treatments are effective and safe in preventing or treating a common heart condition, called patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature babies? Background PDA is a common complication among premature and low birthweight babies. PDA is an open blood vessel channel between the lungs and the heart, which usually closes shortly after birth. In premature and low birthweight babies, the PDA may remain open, and may contribute to life‐threatening complications. We wanted to see what treatments can safely and effectively prevent or treat a PDA and its related problems. Study characteristics We included 16 Cochrane Reviews. Out of them, six reviews provided evidence on preventing a PDA with drugs, surgery, or other means that do not involve drugs or surgery. One review provided evidence of treating a PDA before the babies experience symptoms, while the rest of the reviews provided evidence on treating babies who are experiencing symptoms from their PDA, with either drugs or surgery. Key Results This overview found that both indomethacin and ibuprofen may reduce severe brain bleeding and the need for PDA surgery, when given to premature babies before they experienced symptoms from a PDA. When babies are experiencing symptoms from a PDA, all available drug therapies, that is, indomethacin, ibuprofen, and acetaminophen (specifically when given early) are effective in closing a PDA. If using ibuprofen therapy, giving the medication by mouth appears to be better than giving it by intravenous route; and higher doses of ibuprofen appears to be more effective in closing a PDA than standard doses. Certainty of the evidence According to GRADE (a method to score the certainty of the trials supporting each outcome), the certainty of the evidence varied from very low to high. According to the AMSTAR 2 criteria (a method to rate the quality of reviews), the quality of the included Cochrane Reviews also varied from high to critically low, but were mostly between moderate and low. How up to date is the search evidence The search is up to date as of 20 October 2022.
Optical coherence tomography for diagnosing skin cancer in adults; Abstract - Background Early accurate detection of all skin cancer types is essential to guide appropriate management and to improve morbidity and survival. Melanoma and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) are high‐risk skin cancers, which have the potential to metastasise and ultimately lead to death, whereas basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is usually localised, with potential to infiltrate and damage surrounding tissue. Anxiety around missing early cases needs to be balanced against inappropriate referral and unnecessary excision of benign lesions. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a microscopic imaging technique, which magnifies the surface of a skin lesion using near‐infrared light. Used in conjunction with clinical or dermoscopic examination of suspected skin cancer, or both, OCT may offer additional diagnostic information compared to other technologies. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of OCT for the detection of cutaneous invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, basal cell carcinoma (BCC), or cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) in adults. Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception up to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; MEDLINE; Embase; CINAHL; CPCI; Zetoc; Science Citation Index; US National Institutes of Health Ongoing Trials Register; NIHR Clinical Research Network Portfolio Database; and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. We studied reference lists and published systematic review articles. Selection criteria We included studies of any design evaluating OCT in adults with lesions suspicious for invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, BCC or cSCC, compared with a reference standard of histological confirmation or clinical follow‐up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data using a standardised data extraction and quality assessment form (based on QUADAS‐2). Our unit of analysis was lesions. Where possible, we estimated summary sensitivities and specificities using the bivariate hierarchical model. Main results We included five studies with 529 cutaneous lesions (282 malignant lesions) providing nine datasets for OCT, two for visual inspection alone, and two for visual inspection plus dermoscopy. Studies were of moderate to unclear quality, using data‐driven thresholds for test positivity and giving poor accounts of reference standard interpretation and blinding. Studies may not have been representative of populations eligible for OCT in practice, for example due to high disease prevalence in study populations, and may not have reflected how OCT is used in practice, for example by using previously acquired OCT images. It was not possible to make summary statements regarding accuracy of detection of melanoma or of cSCC because of the paucity of studies, small sample sizes, and for melanoma differences in the OCT technologies used (high‐definition versus conventional resolution OCT), and differences in the degree of testing performed prior to OCT (i.e. visual inspection alone or visual inspection plus dermoscopy). Pooled data from two studies using conventional swept‐source OCT alongside visual inspection and dermoscopy for the detection of BCC estimated the sensitivity of OCT as 95% (95% confidence interval (CI) 91% to 97%) and specificity of 77% (95% CI 69% to 83%). When applied to a hypothetical population of 1000 lesions at the mean observed BCC prevalence of 60%, OCT would miss 31 BCCs (91 fewer than would be missed by visual inspection alone and 53 fewer than would be missed by visual inspection plus dermoscopy), and OCT would lead to 93 false‐positive results for BCC (a reduction in unnecessary excisions of 159 compared to using visual inspection alone and of 87 compared to visual inspection plus dermoscopy). Authors' conclusions Insufficient data are available on the use of OCT for the detection of melanoma or cSCC. Initial data suggest conventional OCT may have a role for the diagnosis of BCC in clinically challenging lesions, with our meta‐analysis showing a higher sensitivity and higher specificity when compared to visual inspection plus dermoscopy. However, the small number of studies and varying methodological quality means implications to guide practice cannot currently be drawn. Appropriately designed prospective comparative studies are required, given the paucity of data comparing OCT with dermoscopy and other similar diagnostic aids such as reflectance confocal microscopy. Plain language summary What is the diagnostic accuracy of optical coherence tomography (OCT), an imaging test, for the detection of skin cancer in adults? Why is improving the diagnosis of skin cancer important? There are several different types of skin cancer. Melanoma is one of the most dangerous forms, and it is important that it is recognised early so that it can be removed. If it is not recognised (also known as a false‐negative test result), treatment can be delayed, and this risks the melanoma spreading to other organs in the body, which may lead to eventual death. Cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) and basal cell carcinoma (BCC) are usually localised (i.e. limited to a certain part of the body) skin cancers, although cSCC can spread to other parts of the body and BCC can cause disfigurement if not recognised early. Diagnosing a skin cancer when it is not actually present (a false‐positive result) may result in unnecessary surgery and other investigations and can cause stress and anxiety to the patient. Making the correct diagnosis is important, and mistaking one skin cancer for another can lead to the wrong treatment being used or lead to a delay in effective treatment. What is the aim of the review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out how accurate optical coherence tomography (OCT) is for diagnosing skin cancer. Researchers in Cochrane included five studies to answer this question. Two studies were concerned with the diagnosis of melanoma and three with the diagnosis of BCC. What was studied in the review? A number of tools are available to skin cancer specialists which allow a more detailed examination of the skin compared to examination by the naked eye alone. Currently, a dermoscope is used by most skin cancer specialists, which magnifies the skin lesion (a mole or area of skin with an unusual appearance in comparison with the surrounding skin) using a bright light source. OCT magnifies the surface of a skin lesion to the level of that seen using a microscope using near‐infrared light. It is quick to perform but is more expensive compared to dermoscopy and requires specialist training. Review authors examined how useful OCT is to help diagnose skin cancers when used after visual inspection or visual inspection plus dermoscopy. What are the main results of the review? The review included five studies: two studies with 97 participants with 133 skin lesions suspected of being melanoma, and three studies with 305 participants with 396 lesions suspected of being BCC of which one (50 lesions) also analysed cSCCs (nine lesions). The studies investigating the accuracy of OCT for diagnosing melanoma were small and too different from each other to allow a reliable estimate of the accuracy of OCT for melanoma to be made. Similarly, only one small, low‐quality study investigated the accuracy of OCT for diagnosing cSCC. For identifying BCC, two studies showed the effects of skin specialists using OCT after visual inspection alone, or visual inspection with dermoscopic examination. These two studies indicated that in theory, if OCT were to be used in a group of 1000 people with skin lesions that were particularly difficult to diagnose, of whom 600 (60%) actually had BCC, then: ‐ an estimated 662 people would have an OCT result confirming that a BCC was present and of these 93 (14%) would not actually have had a BCC (false‐positive result); ‐ of the 338 people with an OCT result indicating that no BCC was present, 31 (9%) would actually have a BCC (false‐negative result). Compared to making a diagnosis of BCC using visual inspection plus dermoscopy, the addition of OCT in this group would reduce the number of false‐positive results by 87 (thus reducing unnecessary surgical procedures) and would miss 53 fewer BCCs. How reliable are the results of the studies of this review? In all included studies, the diagnosis of skin cancer was made by lesion biopsy (OCT/dermoscopy positive) (a biopsy involves taking a sample of body cells and examining them under a microscope), and the absence of skin cancer was confirmed by biopsy (OCT/dermoscopy negative)*. This is likely to have been a reliable method for deciding whether people really had skin cancer. However, the small number of studies included in this review, and variability between them, reduced the reliability of findings. Included studies also had important limitations, in particular study participants were from more restricted groups than would be eligible for an OCT scan in practice (e.g. all studies included people with skin lesions that had already been selected for surgical removal), while the way in which OCT was used may not reflect real‐life situations. Who do the results of this review apply to? Studies were conducted in Europe and the US only. Average age (reported in only two studies) was 46 years for melanoma and 63 years for BCC. The percentage of people with a final diagnosis of melanoma was 23% and 27% (in two studies), ranged from 58% to 61% for BCC (three studies), and was 18% for cSCC (one study). For the diagnosis of BCC, the results apply to people with 'pink' and non‐pigmented skin lesions that the clinician considers particularly difficult to diagnose by the naked eye alone. What are the implications of this review? Not enough research has been done on using OCT in detecting skin cancers. The results of this review suggest that OCT might help to diagnose BCC when it is difficult to distinguish it from benign skin lesions, but it is not yet clear whether it can adequately distinguish between BCC, cSCC, and melanoma skin cancers. More studies are needed comparing OCT to dermoscopy and to other microscopic techniques (such as reflectance confocal microscopy) in well‐described groups of people with suspicious skin lesions. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to August 2016. *In these studies biopsy or clinical follow‐up were the standard comparisons.
High‐frequency ultrasound for diagnosing skin cancer in adults; Abstract - Background Early, accurate detection of all skin cancer types is essential to guide appropriate management and to improve morbidity and survival. Melanoma and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) are high‐risk skin cancers with the potential to metastasise and ultimately lead to death, whereas basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is usually localised, with potential to infiltrate and damage surrounding tissue. Anxiety around missing early curable cases needs to be balanced against inappropriate referral and unnecessary excision of benign lesions. Ultrasound is a non‐invasive imaging technique that relies on the measurement of sound wave reflections from the tissues of the body. At lower frequencies, the deeper structures of the body such as the internal organs can be visualised, while high‐frequency ultrasound (HFUS) with transducer frequencies of 20 MHz or more has a much lower depth of tissue penetration but produces a higher resolution image of tissues and structures closer to the skin surface. Used in conjunction with clinical and/or dermoscopic examination of suspected skin cancer, HFUS may offer additional diagnostic information compared to other technologies. Objectives To assess the diagnostic accuracy of HFUS to assist in the diagnosis of a) cutaneous invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, b) cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC), and c) basal cell carcinoma (BCC) in adults. Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception up to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; MEDLINE; Embase; CINAHL; CPCI; Zetoc; Science Citation Index; US National Institutes of Health Ongoing Trials Register; NIHR Clinical Research Network Portfolio Database; and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. We studied reference lists as well as published systematic review articles. Selection criteria Studies evaluating HFUS (20 MHz or more) in adults with lesions suspicious for melanoma, cSCC or BCC versus a reference standard of histological confirmation or clinical follow‐up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted all data using a standardised data extraction and quality assessment form (based on QUADAS‐2). Due to scarcity of data and the poor quality of studies, we did not undertake a meta‐analysis for this review. For illustrative purposes, we plot estimates of sensitivity and specificity on coupled forest plots. Main results We included six studies, providing 29 datasets: 20 for diagnosis of melanoma (1125 lesions and 242 melanomas) and 9 for diagnosis of BCC (993 lesions and 119 BCCs). We did not identify any data relating to the diagnosis of cSCC. Studies were generally poorly reported, limiting judgements of methodological quality. Half the studies did not set out to establish test accuracy, and all should be considered preliminary evaluations of the potential usefulness of HFUS. There were particularly high concerns for applicability of findings due to selective study populations and data‐driven thresholds for test positivity. Studies reporting qualitative assessments of HFUS images excluded up to 22% of lesions (including some melanomas) due to lack of visualisation in the test. Derived sensitivities for qualitative HFUS characteristics were at least 83% (95% CI 75% to 90%) for the detection of melanoma; the combination of three features (lesions appearing hypoechoic, homogenous and well defined) demonstrating 100% sensitivity in two studies (lower limits of the 95% CIs were 94% and 82%), with variable corresponding specificities of 33% (95% CI 20% to 48%) and 73% (95% CI 57% to 85%), respectively. Quantitative measurement of HFUS outputs in two studies enabled decision thresholds to be set to achieve 100% sensitivity; specificities were 93% (95% CI 77% to 99%) and 65% (95% CI 51% to 76%). It was not possible to make summary statements regarding HFUS accuracy for the diagnosis of BCC due to highly variable sensitivities and specificities. Authors' conclusions Insufficient data are available on the potential value of HFUS in the diagnosis of melanoma or BCC. Given the between‐study heterogeneity, unclear to low methodological quality and limited volume of evidence, we cannot draw any implications for practice. The main value of the preliminary studies included may be in providing guidance on the possible components of new diagnostic rules for diagnosis of melanoma or BCC using HFUS that will require future evaluation. A prospective evaluation of HFUS added to visual inspection and dermoscopy alone in a standard healthcare setting, with a clearly defined and representative population of participants, would be required for a full and proper evaluation of accuracy. Plain language summary How accurate is high‐frequency ultrasound for diagnosing skin cancer in adults? Why is improving the diagnosis of skin cancer important? There are several types of skin cancer. Melanoma is one of the most dangerous forms, so it is important to detect it early and remove it as soon as possible. Failure to recognise melanoma for what it is (known as a false negative test result) can delay treatment, risking the spread of melanoma to other organs in the body and possibly premature death. Other skin cancers, like cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma, are more localised. However, cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma can spread to other parts of the body, and basal cell carcinoma can cause disfigurement if left untreated. Diagnosing a harmless lesion (a mole or area of skin with an unusual appearance in comparison with the surrounding skin) as skin cancer (a false positive result) may result in unnecessary surgery and other tests that can cause stress and anxiety to the patient. Mistaking one skin cancer for another can lead to the wrong treatment or delays in effective treatment. Thus, the correct diagnosis is important. What is the aim of the review? We wanted to find out whether high‐frequency ultrasound can help doctors diagnose skin cancer. We found six studies to try and answer this question. Five studies investigated the diagnosis of melanoma and three, basal cell carcinoma. What was studied in the review? A number of tools allow skin cancer specialists to examine the skin in more detail than by the naked eye alone. Most skin cancer specialists currently use a dermatoscope, which magnifies the skin lesion using a natural light. Ultrasound is another non‐invasive technique that measures sound wave reflections from body tissues. High‐frequency ultrasound can produce a good‐quality image of structures closer to the skin surface. When used alongside a doctor's examination and dermoscopy, high‐frequency ultrasound may help doctors make a more accurate diagnosis. What are the main results of the review? The review included six studies: five with 1125 skin lesions suspected of being melanoma, and three with 993 lesions suspected of being basal cell carcinoma. We did not find any studies on the diagnosis of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. The included studies were small and too different from each other to allow reliable estimates of accuracy to be made for identifying melanoma or basal cell carcinoma. Half were not actually designed to establish test accuracy and all can be considered preliminary experiments on the potential value of high‐frequency ultrasound. The main value of the studies may be in helping researchers to identify the best ways of interpreting high‐frequency ultrasound for the diagnosis of melanoma or basal cell carcinoma for evaluation in future research studies. How reliable are the results? Study results are not very reliable when considered collectively. The small number and variability between studies reduces reliability, while all had important limitations. In particular, those taking part in the studies and the way in which the tests were used may not reflect real life situations. In all studies the final diagnosis was confirmed by biopsy. This is likely to have been a reliable method for deciding whether patients really had skin cancer*. Who do the results of this review apply to? Studies all took place in Europe, and only one reported participants' average age (55.3 years). The percentage of people with a final diagnosis of melanoma ranged from 14% to 58%, while 8% to 49% had basal cell carcinoma. It was not possible to tell whether doctors suspected skin cancer based on clinical examination alone or both clinical and dermoscopic examination. What are the implications of this review? At present, there is not enough good research to draw a conclusion on using high‐frequency ultrasound for diagnosing skin cancers. The results of this review suggest that high‐frequency ultrasound has potential to separate melanoma or basal cell carcinoma from some harmless types of lesions, but it is still unclear whether it can adequately distinguish these skin cancers from the full range of skin conditions that patients show their doctors in everyday practice. There is a need for more studies investigating high‐frequency ultrasound alongside dermoscopy or other microscopic techniques (such as reflectance confocal microscopy) in people with suspicious skin lesions. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to August 2016. *In these studies biopsy was the reference standard (means of establishing the final diagnosis).
Surgical interventions for the management of chronic pelvic pain in women; Abstract - Background Chronic pelvic pain (CPP) is a common gynaecological condition accounting for 20% of all gynaecological referrals. There are wide ranges of causes with overlapping symptomatology, therefore the management of the condition is a formidable challenge for clinicians. The aetiology of CPP is heterogeneous and in many cases, no clear diagnosis can be reached. It is in this scenario that the label of chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CPPS) can be applied. We defined women with CPPS as having a minimum duration of pain of at least 6 months, including with a diagnosis of pelvic congestion syndrome, but excluding pain caused by a condition such as endometriosis. Many surgical interventions have been tried in isolation or in conjunction with non‐surgical interventions in the management with variable results. Surgical interventions are invasive and carry operative risks. Surgical interventions must be evaluated for their effectiveness prior to their prevalent use in the management of women with CPPS. Objectives To review the effectiveness and safety of surgical interventions in the management of women with CPPS. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group (CGF) Specialised Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and PsycINFO, on 23 April 2021 for any randomised controlled trials (RCT) for surgical interventions in women with CPPS. We also searched the citation lists of relevant publications, two trial registries, relevant journals, abstracts, conference proceedings and several key grey literature sources. Selection criteria RCTs with women who had CPPS. The review authors were prepared to consider studies of any surgical intervention used for the management of CPPS. Outcome measures were pain rating scales, adverse events, psychological outcomes, quality of life (QoL) measures and requirement for analgesia. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently evaluated studies for inclusion and extracted data using the forms designed according to Cochrane guidelines. For each included trial, we collected information regarding the method of randomisation, allocation concealment, blinding, data reporting and analyses. We reported pooled results as mean difference (MDs) or odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) by the Mantel‐Haenszel method. If similar outcomes were reported on different scales, we calculated the standardised mean difference (SMD). We applied GRADE criteria to judge the overall certainty of the evidence. Main results Four studies met our inclusion criteria involving 216 women with CPP and no identifiable cause. Adhesiolysis compared to no surgery or diagnostic laparoscopy We are uncertain of the effect of adhesiolysis on pelvic pain scores postoperatively at three months (MD −7.3, 95% CI −29.9 to 15.3; 1 study, 43 participants; low‐certainty evidence), six months (MD −14.3, 95% CI −35.9 to 7.3; 1 study, 43 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and 12 months postsurgery (MD 0.00, 95% CI −4.60 to 4.60; 1 study, 43 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Adhesiolysis may improve both the emotional wellbeing (MD 24.90, 95% CI 7.92 to 41.88; 1 study, 43 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and social support (MD 23.90, 95% CI −1.77 to 49.57; 1 study, 43 participants; low‐certainty evidence) components of the Endometriosis Health Profile‐30, and both the emotional component (MD 32.30, 95% CI 13.16 to 51.44; 1 study, 43 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and the physical component of the 12‐item Short Form (MD 22.90, 95% CI 10.97 to 34.83; 1 study, 43 participants; low‐certainty evidence) when compared to diagnostic laparoscopy. We are uncertain of the safety of adhesiolysis compared to comparator groups due to low‐certainty evidence and lack of structured adverse event reporting. No studies reported on psychological outcomes or requirements for analgesia. Laparoscopic uterosacral ligament ablation or resection compared to diagnostic laparoscopy/other treatment We are uncertain of the effect of laparoscopic uterosacral ligament/nerve ablation (LUNA) or resection compared to other treatments postoperatively at three months (OR 1.26, 95% CI 0.40 to 3.93; 1 study, 51 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and six months (MD −2.10, 95% CI −4.38 to 0.18; 1 study, 74 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). At 12 months post‐surgery, we are uncertain of the effect of LUNA on the rate of successful treatment compared to diagnostic laparoscopy. One study of 56 participants found no difference in the effect of LUNA on non‐cyclical pain (P = 0.854) or dyspareunia (P = 0.41); however, there was a difference favouring LUNA on dysmenorrhea (P = 0.045) and dyschezia (P = 0.05). We are also uncertain of the effect of LUNA compared to vaginal uterosacral ligament resection on pelvic pain at 12 months (MD 2.00, 95% CI 0.47 to 3.53; 1 study, 74 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain of the safety of LUNA or resection compared to comparator groups due to the lack of structured adverse event reporting. Women undergoing LUNA may require more analgesia postoperatively than those undergoing other treatments (P < 0.001; 1 study, 74 participants). No studies reported psychological outcomes or QoL. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain about the benefit of adhesiolysis or LUNA in management of pain in women with CPPS based on the current literature. There may be a QoL benefit to adhesiolysis in improving both emotional wellbeing and social support, as measured by the validated QoL tools. It was not possible to synthesis evidence on adverse events as these were only reported narratively in some studies, in which none were observed. With the inadequate objective assessment of adverse events, especially long‐term adverse events, associated with adhesiolysis or LUNA for CPPS, there is currently little to support these interventions for CPPS. Plain language summary Surgical management of chronic pelvic pain in women Why we did this Cochrane Review We wanted to find out whether there are any effective and safe surgical treatments for women with chronic pelvic pain. We wanted to understand how effective these surgical treatments are compared to alternative treatments or no treatment at all. Background Chronic pelvic pain in women is a common and debilitating condition. Definitions vary, but generally it is defined as pelvic pain for a period of six months or greater. There are many causes of chronic pelvic pain, but these can sometimes be difficult to identify. Regardless of identifying any or the specific cause, treatment is aimed at reducing symptoms. Occasionally, a diagnostic surgery with insertion of laparoscope is completed (inserting a telescope into the belly to visualise pelvic structures). When identifiable causes of chronic pelvic pain are present, such as endometriosis (tissue similar to the lining of the womb that starts to grow in other places) or adenomyosis (tissue similar to the lining of the womb is found deep in the muscle of the womb), there may be different treatment strategies necessary than when there are no obvious problems. When no disease is identified at the time of a diagnostic surgery despite chronic pelvic pain, we may consider various surgical procedures to treat the chronic pelvic pain, including removing scar tissue originating from infection or previous operation (called adhesiolysis), or cauterising (heat treatment) or excising (removing) the nerves carrying the pain sensation from pelvis to brain (called uterosacral ligament ablation/resection). Despite it being unclear how effective these surgical treatments are, they are being offered and done. What we found We found four randomised controlled trials (a type of study that gives the most reliable evidence about the effects of treatment) involving 216 women with chronic pelvic pain and no identifiable cause. The main outcome measures were pain scores after surgery and quality of life. The evidence is current to 23 April 2021. Key results Adhesiolysis versus no surgery/diagnostic laparoscopy We are uncertain of the effect of adhesiolysis compared with diagnostic laparoscopy on pain scores at three, six and 12 months after surgery. Pain was measured using a visual analogue score (VAS), which is a widely used rating scale where the person ranks pain from 0 (no pain) to 100 (worst pain). Adhesiolysis may improve health‐related quality of life at six months after surgery when compared to diagnostic laparoscopy. Laparoscopic uterosacral ligament ablation versus other treatment We are uncertain of the effect of laparoscopic uterosacral ligament ablation (LUNA) versus diagnostic laparoscopy or vaginal uterosacral ligament resection, on pain scores measured by VAS at three, six and 12 months. Women undergoing LUNA may require more pain relief after surgery than those undergoing alternative treatments. No studies in either comparison reported on psychological outcomes. Certainty of evidence The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low. Limitations included poor reporting of study methods and imprecision (too few events, too few included studies) for some comparisons.
Local versus radical surgery for early rectal cancer with or without neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy; Abstract - Background Total mesorectal excision is the standard of care for stage I rectal cancer. Despite major advances and increasing enthusiasm for modern endoscopic local excision (LE), uncertainty remains regarding its oncologic equivalence and safety relative to radical resection (RR). Objectives To assess the oncologic, operative, and functional outcomes of modern endoscopic LE compared to RR surgery in adults with stage I rectal cancer. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, Web of Science ‐ Science Citation Index Expanded (1900 to present), four trial registers (ClinicalTrials.gov, ISRCTN registry, the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, and the National Cancer Institute Clinical Trials database), two thesis and proceedings databases, and relevant scientific societies' publications in February 2022. We performed handsearching and reference checking and contacted study authors of ongoing trials to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in people with stage I rectal cancer comparing any modern LE techniques to any RR techniques with or without the use of neo/adjuvant chemoradiotherapy (CRT). Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We calculated hazard ratios (HR) and standard errors for time‐to‐event data and risk ratios for dichotomous outcomes, using generic inverse variance and random‐effects methods. We regrouped surgical complications from the included studies into major and minor according to the standard Clavien‐Dindo classification. We assessed the certainty of evidence using the GRADE framework. Main results Four RCTs were included in data synthesis with a combined total of 266 participants with stage I rectal cancer (T1‐2N0M0), if not stated otherwise. Surgery was performed in university hospital settings. The mean age of participants was above 60, and median follow‐up ranged from 17.5 months to 9.6 years. Regarding the use of co‐interventions, one study used neoadjuvant CRT in all participants (T2 cancers); one study used short‐course radiotherapy in the LE group (T1‐T2 cancers); one study used adjuvant CRT selectively in high‐risk patients undergoing RR (T1‐T2 cancers); and the fourth study did not use any CRT (T1 cancers). We assessed the overall risk of bias as high for oncologic and morbidity outcomes across studies. All studies had at least one key domain with a high risk of bias. None of the studies reported separate outcomes for T1 versus T2 or for high‐risk features. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that RR may result in an improvement in disease‐free survival compared to LE (3 trials, 212 participants; HR 1.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.91 to 4.24). This would translate into a three‐year disease‐recurrence risk of 27% (95% CI 14 to 50%) versus 15% after LE and RR, respectively. Regarding sphincter function, only one study provided objective results and reported short‐term deterioration in stool frequency, flatulence, incontinence, abdominal pain, and embarrassment about bowel function in the RR group. At three years, the LE group had superiority in overall stool frequency, embarrassment about bowel function, and diarrhea. Local excision may have little to no effect on cancer‐related survival compared to RR (3 trials, 207 participants; HR 1.42, 95% CI 0.60 to 3.33; very low‐certainty evidence). We did not pool studies for local recurrence, but the included studies individually reported comparable local recurrence rates for LE and RR (low‐certainty evidence). It is unclear if the risk of major postoperative complications may be lower with LE compared with RR (risk ratio 0.53, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.28; low‐certainty evidence; corresponding to 5.8% (95% CI 2.4% to 14.1%) risk for LE versus 11% for RR). Moderate‐certainty evidence shows that the risk of minor postoperative complications is probably lower after LE (risk ratio 0.48, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.85); corresponding to an absolute risk of 14% (95% CI 8% to 26%) for LE compared to 30.1% for RR. One study reported an 11% rate of temporary stoma after LE versus 82% in the RR group. Another study reported a 46% rate of temporary or permanent stomas after RR and none after LE. The evidence is uncertain about the effect of LE compared with RR on quality of life. Only one study reported standard quality of life function, in favor of LE, with a 90% or greater probability of superiority in overall quality of life, role, social, and emotional functions, body image, and health anxiety. Other studies reported a significantly shorter postoperative period to oral intake, bowel movement, and off‐bed activities in the LE group. Authors' conclusions Based on low‐certainty evidence, LE may decrease disease‐free survival in early rectal cancer. Very low‐certainty evidence suggests that LE may have little to no effect on cancer‐related survival compared to RR for the treatment of stage I rectal cancer. Based on low‐certainty evidence, it is unclear if LE may have a lower major complication rate, but probably causes a large reduction in minor complication rate. Limited data based on one study suggest better sphincter function, quality of life, or genitourinary function after LE. Limitations exist with respect to the applicability of these findings. We identified only four eligible studies with a low number of total participants, subjecting the results to imprecision. Risk of bias had a serious impact on the quality of evidence. More RCTs are needed to answer our review question with greater certainty and to compare local and distant metastasis rates. Data on important patient outcomes such as sphincter function and quality of life are very limited. Results of currently ongoing trials will likely impact the results of this review. Future trials should accurately report and compare outcomes according to the stage and high‐risk features of rectal tumors, and evaluate quality of life, sphincter, and genitourinary outcomes. The role of neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy as an emerging co‐intervention for improving oncologic outcomes after LE needs to be further defined. Plain language summary Is local or major surgery better for treating early rectal cancer with or without additional treatments before or after surgery? Key messages We are uncertain if local excision (LE) (removal through the anus of an early rectal cancer that has not grown beyond the muscle layer of the rectum, or stage I) may shorten the period of being cancer‐free after surgery compared to radical resection (RR) (removing the entire rectum and its surrounding tissues through a major surgery). It is also unclear if LE affects cancer‐related survival related compared with RR. There is probably a large reduction in minor complications after surgery (only necessitating medications or supportive measures) with LE compared with RR for the treatment of early rectal cancer. It is unclear if LE lowers the rate of major complications. Based on only one study, LE results in better quality of life and anal sphincter function. What is early rectal cancer? Rectal cancer presents at an early stage in one‐third of patients and does not invade beyond the muscle layer of bowel wall; this is classified as stage I, or early rectal cancer. People with early rectal cancer may experience bleeding or pain, or only get diagnosed on screening colonoscopy. We undertook this review to compare standard surgery for rectal cancer to a new, smaller surgery that has been increasingly adopted in recent decades. How is early rectal cancer treated? The currently recommended treatment for stage I rectal cancer is a major surgery for removal of the rectum with all its surrounding supporting tissues, known as radical resection (RR). This extensive surgery carries significant risks of surgical and functional complications. Recently, an alternative treatment using advanced instruments through the anus has been popularized. This has enabled precise removal, or local excision (LE), of only the tumor safely through the anus with fewer complications and faster recovery. Sometimes additional therapies such as chemotherapy or radiotherapy may be used in conjunction before or after the surgery. What did we want to find out? We compared RR to LE to find out whether LE is as effective as or better than RR with regard to: 1. disease recurrence and survival; 2. functional and quality of life outcomes; 3. side effects and complications after undergoing surgery. What did we do? We looked for studies that compared RR with LE in people with early rectal cancer with or without the use of any additional treatments. We compared, summarized, and combined the results across studies and rated our confidence in the evidence. What did we find? We found four studies that involved 266 participants with early rectal cancer with a median age of 60 years undergoing RR or LE. Participants were studied from 17.5 months in the shortest study to up to 9.6 years in the longest study. Three studies were carried out in European countries and one in China. One study did not use any additional therapy; two studies used chemotherapy or radiotherapy before the surgery; and one study used chemotherapy after the surgery for select patients. Three of the four studies were funded by government agencies. Main results Results suggest that RR may decrease the chance of disease coming back locally or in other organs of the body. This means for every 100 patients undergoing LE, up to 27 may develop recurrence at 3 years compared with 15 patients per 100 after RR. Only one study looked at anal sphincter function, including the ability to control stool or flatulence, number of leakage episodes, and the need to use diapers. RR was associated with short‐term deterioration in stool frequency, flatulence, incontinence, abdominal pain, and embarrassment about bowel leakage. At 36 months after surgery, participants in the LE group had better overall stool frequency, stool frequency at night, and less embarrassment about leakage and diarrhea. It is unclear if LE affects cancer‐related survival. Additionally, studies did not present the results in a way that could help us answer if LE affects the chance of disease coming back in the pelvis. We are uncertain if LE results in a lower rate of major complications after surgery, but we found that LE probably causes a large reduction in minor complications. The only study that evaluated quality of life or urinary and sexual function after surgery reported a 90% or greater probability that LE results in a better overall quality of life, various role/social/emotional functions, body image, health anxiety, and urinary incontinence. The same study reported similar sexual function after both surgeries. What are the limitations of the evidence? We have low confidence in the evidence mainly because it was based only on a few studies, and due to the way the studies were conducted. In addition, it is possible that the results of the studies could have been affected by the fact that participants and investigators were aware of which treatment participants had received. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This review is current to February 2022.
Iodine fortification of foods and condiments, other than salt, for preventing iodine deficiency disorders; Abstract - Background Iodine deficiency disorders (IDD) affect close to 1.9 billion people worldwide, and are a major public health concern in many countries. Among children, iodine deficiency is the main cause of potentially preventable deficits of central nervous system development and impairment of cognitive function, as well as goitre and hypothyroidism in people of all ages. Salt iodisation is the preferred strategy for IDD prevention and control, however, in some instances where salt is not the major condiment, alternate vehicles for iodine fortification have been considered. Objectives To assess the effects of fortifying foods, beverages, condiments, or seasonings other than salt with iodine alone or in conjunction with other micronutrients, on iodine status and health‐related outcomes in all populations. Search methods Studies were identified through systematic searches of the following databases from their start date to January 2018: Cochrane Public Health Group Specialised Register; CENTRAL; MEDLINE; MEDLINE in Process; Embase; Web of Science; CINAHL; POPLINE; AGRICOLA; BIOSIS; Food Science and Technology Abstracts; OpenGrey; Bibliomap and TRoPHI; AGRIS; IBECS; Scielo; Global Index Medicus‐AFRO and EMRO; LILACS; PAHO; WHOLIS; WPRO; IMSEAR; IndMED; and Native Health Research Database. We also searched reference list of relevant articles, conference proceedings, and databases of ongoing trials, and contacted experts and relevant organisations to identify any unpublished work. We applied no language or date restrictions. Selection criteria Studies were eligible if they were randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials (RCT) with randomisation at either the individual or cluster level (including cross‐over trials), non‐randomised RCTs, or prospective observational studies with a control group, such as cohort studies, controlled before‐and‐after studies, and interrupted time series. We included studies that examined the effects of fortification of food, beverage, condiment, or seasoning with iodine alone, or in combination with other micronutrients versus the same unfortified food, or no intervention. We considered the following measures: death (all‐cause), goitre, physical development, mental development, cognitive function and motor skill development, cretinism, hypothyroidism, adverse effects (any reported by trialists), urinary iodine concentration, thyroid‐stimulating hormone (TSH) concentration, and serum thyroglobulin concentration. We included all populations, including pregnant women, from any country. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias of included studies. We used random‐effects meta‐analyses to combine data and generate an overall estimate of treatment effect, when more than one study examined the same outcome measure. The overall effect estimate was calculated as the mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD) between the intervention group and the comparison group for continuous outcomes, and as odds ratio (OR) for dichotomous outcomes. We assessed the level of heterogeneity through the I² statistic. We conducted post‐hoc subgroup analyses to explore possible sources of heterogeneity, and sensitivity analyses to check the robustness of the findings from the primary analyses. We assessed the quality of the evidence for each outcome using the GRADE framework. Where it was not possible to pool the results in a meta‐analysis, we provided a narrative summary of the outcomes. Main results Eleven studies met the criteria, providing 14 comparisons, and capturing data on 4317 participants. Seven studies were RCTs, three were cluster non‐RCTs, and one was a randomised cross‐over design. Seven studies were carried out among school children (N = 3636), three among women of reproductive age (N = 648), and one among infants (N = 33). The studies used diverse types of food as vehicle for iodine delivery: biscuits, milk, fish sauce, drinking water, yoghourt, fruit beverage, seasoning powder, and infant formula milk. Daily amounts of iodine provided ranged from 35 µg/day to 220 µg/day; trial duration ranged from 11 days to 48 weeks. Five studies examined the effect of iodine fortification alone, two against the same unfortified food, and three against no intervention. Six studies evaluated the effect of cofortification of iodine with other micronutrients versus the same food without iodine but with different levels of other micronutrients. We assessed one study to be at low risk of bias for all bias domains, three at low risk of bias for all domains apart from selective reporting, and seven at an overall rating of high risk of bias. No study assessed the primary outcomes of death, mental development, cognitive function, cretinism, or hypothyroidism, or secondary outcomes of TSH or serum thyroglobulin concentration. Two studies reported the effects on goitre, one on physical development measures, and one on adverse effects. All studies assessed urinary iodine concentration. The effects of iodine fortification compared to control on goitre prevalence (OR 1.60, 95% CI 0.60 to 4.31; 1 non‐RCT, 83 participants; very low‐quality evidence), and five physical development measures were uncertain (1 non‐RCT, 83 participants; very low‐quality evidence): weight (MD 0.23 kg, 95% CI ‐6.30 to 6.77); height (MD ‐0.66 cm, 95% CI ‐4.64 to 3.33); weight‐for‐age (MD 0.05, 95% CI ‐0.59 to 0.69); height‐for‐age (MD ‐0.30, 95% CI ‐0.75 to 0.15); and weight‐for‐height (MD ‐0.21, 95% CI ‐0.51 to 0.10). One study reported that there were no adverse events observed during the cross‐over trial (low‐quality evidence). Pooled results from RCTs showed that urinary iodine concentration significantly increased following iodine fortification (SMD 0.59, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.81; 6 RCTs, 2032 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). This is equivalent to an increase of 38.32 µg/L (95% CI 24.03 to 52.61 µg/L). This effect was not observed in the meta‐analysis of non‐RCTs (SMD 0.25, 95% CI ‐0.16 to 0.66; 3 non‐RCTs, 262 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Sensitivity analyses did not change the effect observed in the primary analyses. Authors' conclusions The evidence on the effect of iodine fortification of foods, beverages, condiments, or seasonings other than salt on reducing goitre, improving physical development measures, and any adverse effects is uncertain. However, our findings suggest that the intervention likely increases urinary iodine concentration. Additional, adequately powered, high‐quality studies on the effects of iodine fortification of foods on these, and other important outcomes, as well as its efficacy and safety, are required. Plain language summary Adding iodine to foods, other than salt, to prevent diseases caused by inadequate iodine intake Background and review question Many people around the world do not consume enough iodine. This is a problem because iodine is important for normal childhood growth and brain development, and for ensuring a healthy adult population. Inadequate intake of iodine can lead to health problems, such as intellectual disability and goitre (enlargement of the thyroid gland). Currently, the main strategy to increase the amount of iodine consumed in populations recommended by the World Health Organization is adding iodine to salt. However, in some areas where salt is not the major condiment, adding iodine to other foods has also been explored. The aim of our study was to examine the effect of adding iodine to foods, beverages, condiments, or seasonings, other than salt, on iodine nutrition status and health‐related outcomes in all populations. Study characteristics We searched for articles from different sources including published research papers, unpublished reports, and through direct communication with experts and organisations working to address iodine and micronutrient deficiency. We last searched the databases in January 2018. Eleven studies, which captured data on 4317 participants (3636 children, 648 women of reproductive age, and 33 infants), met our inclusion criteria. The type of foods used as vehicle to deliver iodine differed between the studies, and included biscuits, milk, fish sauce, drinking water, yoghourt, fruit beverage, seasoning powder, and infant formula milk. The amount of iodine provided to participants ranged from 35 µg/day to 220 µg/day, and study duration ranged from 11 days to 48 weeks. Of the 11 studies included, five examined the effect of adding iodine alone to foods compared to either no intervention or the same foods without iodine; while six evaluated the effect of adding iodine plus other micronutrients to foods compared to the same foods without iodine, but with different levels of other micronutrients. Key results No study evaluated the effect of adding iodine to foods on death, mental development, cognitive function, cretinism (a condition characterized by impaired control of physical movement and intellectual disability), hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), thyroid‐stimulating hormone concentration, or serum thyroglobulin concentration (these are biological markers that indicate the presence of iodine deficiency when concentration in the blood is high). Two studies reported on the effect of the intervention on goitre, one study assessed five physical development measures (weight, height, weight‐for‐age, height‐for‐age, and weight‐for‐height scores), and one examined adverse effects. All studies assessed urinary iodine concentration (the concentration of iodine secreted in the urine, which indicates the presence of iodine deficiency when concentration is low in a population group, rather than in an individual). We combined the data that met our requirements in these studies in a meta‐analysis. We are uncertain of the effects of iodine fortification on the proportion of participants with goitre, or on any of the five physical development measures. One study reported narratively that no adverse effects were observed during the trial. We found a significant increase of 38.32 µg/L in urinary iodine concentration after adding iodine to foods, compared to the groups that did not have iodine added, from studies of higher quality. Quality of the evidence Using GRADE, we rated the quality of the evidence as very low for goitre and physical development measures, due to study limitations (risk of bias) and imprecise results, and low for adverse events due to indirectness and imprecise results. We rated the quality of the evidence for urinary iodine concentration, from studies in which participants were allocated to treatment groups at random (gold standard design for clinical research), as moderate. On the other hand, quality of the evidence for urinary iodine concentration from studies without this random element was rated as very low, due to study limitations and imprecise results. Conclusion Overall, there is no clear evidence on the effect of the intervention on reducing the proportion of people with goitre, improving physical growth, or adverse events. However, our results show that adding iodine to foods likely increases urinary iodine concentration. Additional studies to better quantify the effect of the intervention on these outcomes, as well as other outcomes, are needed.
Educational interventions for the management of cancer‐related fatigue in adults; Abstract - Background Cancer‐related fatigue is reported as the most common and distressing symptom experienced by patients with cancer. It can exacerbate the experience of other symptoms, negatively affect mood, interfere with the ability to carry out everyday activities, and negatively impact on quality of life. Educational interventions may help people to manage this fatigue or to cope with this symptom, and reduce its overall burden. Despite the importance of education for managing cancer‐related fatigue there are currently no systematic reviews examining this approach. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of educational interventions for managing cancer‐related fatigue in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsycINFO, ERIC, OTseeker and PEDro up to 1st November 2016. We also searched trials registries. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of educational interventions focused on cancer‐related fatigue where fatigue was a primary outcome. Studies must have aimed to evaluate the effect of educational interventions designed specifically to manage cancer‐related fatigue, or to evaluate educational interventions targeting a constellation of physical symptoms or quality of life where fatigue was the primary focus. The studies could have compared educational interventions with no intervention or wait list controls, usual care or attention controls, or an alternative intervention for cancer‐related fatigue in adults with any type of cancer. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for inclusion and extracted data. We resolved differences in opinion by discussion. Trial authors were contacted for additional information. A third independent person checked the data extraction. The main outcome considered in this review was cancer‐related fatigue. We assessed the evidence using GRADE and created a 'Summary of Findings' table. Main results We included 14 RCTs with 2213 participants across different cancer diagnoses. Four studies used only 'information‐giving' educational strategies, whereas the remainder used mainly information‐giving strategies coupled with some problem‐solving, reinforcement, or support techniques. Interventions differed in delivery including: mode of delivery (face to face, web‐based, audiotape, telephone); group or individual interventions; number of sessions provided (ranging from 2 to 12 sessions); and timing of intervention in relation to completion of cancer treatment (during or after completion). Most trials compared educational interventions to usual care and meta‐analyses compared educational interventions to usual care or attention controls. Methodological issues that increased the risk of bias were evident including lack of blinding of outcome assessors, unclear allocation concealment in over half of the studies, and generally small sample sizes. Using the GRADE approach, we rated the quality of evidence as very low to moderate, downgraded mainly due to high risk of bias, unexplained heterogeneity, and imprecision. There was moderate quality evidence of a small reduction in fatigue intensity from a meta‐analyses of eight studies (1524 participants; standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐0.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.52 to ‐0.04) comparing educational interventions with usual care or attention control. We found low quality evidence from twelve studies (1711 participants) that educational interventions had a small effect on general/overall fatigue (SMD ‐0.27, 95% CI ‐0.51 to ‐0.04) compared to usual care or attention control. There was low quality evidence from three studies (622 participants) of a moderate size effect of educational interventions for reducing fatigue distress (SMD ‐0.57, 95% CI ‐1.09 to ‐0.05) compared to usual care, and this could be considered clinically significant. Pooled data from four studies (439 participants) found a small reduction in fatigue interference with daily life (SMD ‐0.35, 95% CI ‐0.54 to ‐0.16; moderate quality evidence). No clear effects on fatigue were found related to type of cancer treatment or timing of intervention in relation to completion of cancer treatment, and there were insufficient data available to determine the effect of educational interventions on fatigue by stage of disease, tumour type or group versus individual intervention. Three studies (571 participants) provided low quality evidence for a reduction in anxiety in favour of the intervention group (mean difference (MD) ‐1.47, 95% CI ‐2.76 to ‐0.18) which, for some, would be considered clinically significant. Two additional studies not included in the meta‐analysis also reported statistically significant improvements in anxiety in favour of the educational intervention, whereas a third study did not. Compared with usual care or attention control, educational interventions showed no significant reduction in depressive symptoms (four studies, 881 participants, SMD ‐0.12, 95% CI ‐0.47 to 0.23; very low quality evidence). Three additional trials not included in the meta‐analysis found no between‐group differences in the symptoms of depression. No between‐group difference was evident in the capacity for activities of daily living or physical function when comparing educational interventions with usual care (4 studies, 773 participants, SMD 0.33, 95% CI ‐0.10 to 0.75) and the quality of evidence was low. Pooled evidence of low quality from two of three studies examining the effect of educational interventions compared to usual care found an improvement in global quality of life on a 0‐100 scale (MD 11.47, 95% CI 1.29 to 21.65), which would be considered clinically significant for some. No adverse events were reported in any of the studies. Authors' conclusions Educational interventions may have a small effect on reducing fatigue intensity, fatigue's interference with daily life, and general fatigue, and could have a moderate effect on reducing fatigue distress. Educational interventions focused on fatigue may also help reduce anxiety and improve global quality of life, but it is unclear what effect they might have on capacity for activities of daily living or depressive symptoms. Additional studies undertaken in the future are likely to impact on our confidence in the conclusions. The incorporation of education for the management of fatigue as part of routine care appears reasonable. However, given the complex nature of this symptom, educational interventions on their own are unlikely to optimally reduce fatigue or help people manage its impact, and should be considered in conjunction with other interventions. Just how educational interventions are best delivered, and their content and timing to maximise outcomes, are issues that require further research. Plain language summary Education for the management of cancer‐related fatigue Objectives This systematic review sought to find out how well educational interventions worked for managing cancer‐related fatigue. Condition Fatigue is a common and problematic symptom for people with cancer that is greater than the tiredness experienced in everyday life. It can make the experience of other symptoms worse, negatively affect mood, interfere with the ability to carry out everyday activities, and negatively impact on quality of life. Interventions Education can provide people with information about what fatigue is and how to manage it. For example, managing fatigue may involve conserving energy throughout the day, and learning about the benefits of exercise, diet, relaxation, and good sleep routines. These approaches may help people to manage their fatigue and help them cope with its effects. In November 2016 we found 14 trials using education for cancer‐related fatigue compared to the usual care people received or to an attention control such as providing general information about cancer. All of the included studies were randomised controlled trials. These trials were undertaken with adults with any type or stage of cancer. Results The review found that education may have a small effect on reducing the intensity of fatigue, its interference in daily activities or relationships, and general (overall) fatigue. It could have a moderate effect on reducing distress from fatigue amongst people with non‐advanced cancer. There may also be beneficial effects on anxiety and overall quality of life, although it is unclear whether it reduces depression. It is unknown if this result might differ between types of cancer treatment or if the education is provided during or after cancer treatment. Not enough is known about the type of education that is most effective, when it is best provided, or whether it is effective for people with advanced cancer. Quality of evidence We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High quality evidence means that we are very confident in the results. There were problems with the design of some studies, and some were very small in size. The quality of the evidence therefore varied from very low to moderate overall and the results of this review need to be interpreted with caution.
Nebulised hypertonic saline for cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Hypertonic saline enhances mucociliary clearance and may lessen the destructive inflammatory process in the airways. This is an update of a previously published review. Objectives To investigate efficacy and tolerability of nebulised hypertonic saline treatment in people with cystic fibrosis (CF) compared to placebo or other treatments that enhance mucociliary clearance. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Cystic Fibrosis Trials Register, comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches, handsearches of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. We also searched ongoing trials databases. Most recent search: 25 April 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials assessing hypertonic saline compared to placebo or other mucolytic therapy, for any duration or dose regimen in people with CF (any age or disease severity). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently reviewed all identified trials and data, and assessed trial quality. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. For cross‐over trials we stipulated a one‐week washout period. We planned to use results from a paired analysis in the review, but this was only possible in one trial. For other cross‐over trials, we chose to treat the trials as if they were parallel. Main results We included 24 trials (1318 participants, aged one month to 56 years); we excluded 29 trials, two trials are ongoing and six are awaiting classification. We judged 15 of the 24 included trials to have a high risk of bias due to participants' ability to discern the taste of the solutions. Hypertonic saline 3% to 7% versus placebo (stable disease) We are uncertain whether the regular use of nebulised hypertonic saline in stable lung disease leads to an improvement in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV 1 ) % predicted at four weeks, (mean difference (MD) 3.30%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.71 to 5.89; 4 trials, 246 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). In preschool children we found no difference in lung clearance index (LCI) at four weeks, but a small improvement after 48 weeks of treatment with hypertonic saline compared to isotonic saline (MD ‐0.60, 95% CI ‐1.00 to ‐0.19; 2 trials, 192 participants). We are also uncertain whether hypertonic saline made a difference to mucociliary clearance, pulmonary exacerbations or adverse events compared to placebo. Hypertonic saline versus control (acute exacerbation) Two trials compared hypertonic saline to control, but only one provided data. There may be little or no difference in lung function measured by FEV 1  % predicted after hypertonic saline compared to isotonic saline (MD 5.10%, 95% CI ‐14.67 to 24.87; 1 trial, 130 participants). Neither trial reported any deaths or measures of sputum clearance. There were no serious adverse events. Hypertonic saline versus rhDNase Three trials compared a similar dose of hypertonic saline to recombinant deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase); two trials (61 participants) provided data for inclusion in the review. We are uncertain whether there was an effect of hypertonic saline on FEV 1  % predicted after three weeks (MD 1.60%, 95% CI ‐7.96 to 11.16; 1 trial, 14 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). At three months, rhDNase may lead to a greater increase in FEV 1  % predicted than hypertonic saline (5 mL twice daily) at 12 weeks in participants with moderate to severe lung disease (MD 8.00%, 95% CI 2.00 to 14.00; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain whether adverse events differed between the two treatments. No deaths were reported. Hypertonic saline versus amiloride One trial (12 participants) compared hypertonic saline to amiloride but did not report on most of our outcomes. The trial found that there was no difference between treatments in measures of sputum clearance (very low‐certainty evidence). Hypertonic saline compared with sodium‐2‐mercaptoethane sulphonate (Mistabron®) One trial (29 participants) compared hypertonic saline to sodium‐2‐mercaptoethane sulphonate. The trial did not measure our primary outcomes. There was no difference between treatments in any measures of sputum clearance, courses of antibiotics or adverse events (very low‐certainty evidence). Hypertonic saline versus mannitol One trial (12 participants) compared hypertonic saline to mannitol, but did not report lung function at relevant time points for this review; there were no differences in sputum clearance, but mannitol was reported to be more 'irritating' (very low‐certainty evidence). Hypertonic saline versus xylitol Two trials compared hypertonic saline to xylitol, but we are uncertain whether there is any difference in FEV 1  % predicted or median time to exacerbation between groups (very low‐certainty evidence). No other outcomes were reported in the review. Hypertonic saline 7% versus hypertonic saline 3% We are uncertain whether there was an improvement in FEV 1  % predicted after treatment with 7% hypertonic saline compared with 3% (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions We are very uncertain if regular use of nebulised hypertonic saline by adults and children over the age of 12 years with CF results in an improvement in lung function after four weeks (three trials; very low‐certainty evidence); there was no difference seen at 48 weeks (one trial; low‐certainty evidence). Hypertonic saline improved LCI modestly in children under the age of six years. Evidence from one small cross‐over trial in children indicates that rhDNase may lead to better lung function than hypertonic saline at three months; qualifying this, we highlight that while the study did demonstrate that the improvement in FEV 1  was greater with daily rhDNase, there were no differences seen in any of the secondary outcomes. Hypertonic saline does appear to be an effective adjunct to physiotherapy during acute exacerbations of lung disease in adults. However, for the outcomes assessed, the certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low at best, according to the GRADE criteria. The role of hypertonic saline in conjunction with cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) modulator therapy now needs to be considered, and future research needs to focus on this aspect. Plain language summary Hypertonic saline (salt water with at least 3% salt) nebulised as a fine mist through a mask or mouthpiece for cystic fibrosis Review question Is inhaling hypertonic saline (salt water with at least 3% salt) as a mist through a mask or mouthpiece better for improving mucus clearance in the lungs of people with cystic fibrosis (CF) than a placebo (a mist with no or very little salt) or other agents? Background People with CF produce large amounts of thick mucus which is difficult to clear and blocks up their airways. Chest physiotherapy or medication, e.g. hypertonic saline, or both combined, are used to try and clear this mucus from the airways. Hypertonic saline is water with a concentration of 3% to 7% salt and is inhaled as a fine mist. This is an update of an earlier review. Key messages • We are uncertain whether inhaling nebulised hypertonic saline regularly improves lung function compared to placebo. • Nebulised hypertonic saline does seem to work well as an add‐on to physiotherapy. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at the use of nebulised hypertonic saline compared to either a placebo or a different type of treatment for clearing mucus from the lungs. We compared the size and methods of the studies and stated how confident we were in the results. What did we find? We included 24 trials with 1318 people with CF aged between one month and 56 years. Two thirds of the trials compared hypertonic saline to a placebo (a dummy treatment); the remaining trials compared hypertonic saline to another type of mucus clearing treatment (including mannitol; rhDNase (Pulmozyme®); amiloride; Mistabron®; xylitol); and one trial compared 7% hypertonic saline with 3% hypertonic saline. Trials assessed different concentrations of hypertonic saline with different nebulisers and different treatment schedules; the most common treatment was twice‐daily 7% hypertonic saline and the most common nebuliser was ultrasonic. Most trials treated people with a bronchodilator to widen the airways before giving the hypertonic saline. Main results Hypertonic saline 3% to 7% versus placebo We are not sure whether hypertonic saline leads to an improvement in lung function in stable disease after four weeks. Two trials showed that there may be a small improvement in lung function (measured using the lung clearance index) with hypertonic saline compared to placebo in preschool children. We are also unsure whether hypertonic saline makes a difference to clearing mucus from the lungs, exacerbations or side effects compared to placebo. During exacerbations, we found that there may be little or no difference in lung function after hypertonic saline compared to placebo. The trials did not report any serious side effects and there were no deaths. One study compared 7% hypertonic saline with a lower concentration of hypertonic saline (3%); we are uncertain whether the higher concentration improved lung function. Hypertonic saline versus mucus mobilising treatments Three trials compared hypertonic saline with rhDNase and found that rhDNase may lead to an improvement in lung function compared to hypertonic saline after three months. We are unsure whether there is any difference in side effects. One trial compared hypertonic saline to amiloride and a further trial compared hypertonic saline to sodium‐2‐mercaptoethane sulphonate (Mistabron®), but neither of the trials gave information about the effect of the treatments on lung function. Similarly, a trial comparing hypertonic saline with mannitol did not give information about the effects on lung function, but they did report that there was no difference between treatments in clearing mucus from the lungs. People taking mannitol said it was more irritating than hypertonic saline. Two trials compared hypertonic saline with xylitol, but we are unsure if there is any difference in lung function and none of our other outcomes were measured. What are the limitations of this evidence? We are not confident in the evidence from these trials. There is a high risk that people knew which treatment they were receiving in half the trials as they could taste the difference between the solutions. Other factors that made us unsure of the results were the small numbers of people taking part in the trials combined with a wide variation in results; also, some trials limited participants to those who could tolerate hypertonic saline or to certain age groups. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current to 25 April 2022.
Dopamine transporter imaging for the diagnosis of dementia with Lewy bodies; Abstract - Background Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is a common cause of neurodegenerative dementia of old age. Its accurate recognition can be important in clinical management and is essential for the development of disease‐modifying treatments. The current clinical diagnostic criteria are limited particularly by relatively poor sensitivity. Dopamine transporter (DAT) imaging using single‐photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is the most highly developed supplementary test for DLB, and is now incorporated as a suggestive feature in the consensus diagnostic criteria. However, there is uncertainty about its accuracy and its place in clinical practice. It is most commonly used in people who are already suspected of having DLB. Objectives We had two objectives in this review: (A) to estimate the accuracy of DAT imaging for the diagnosis of DLB in people with dementia in secondary care (specialist dementia services), and (B) to estimate the accuracy of DAT imaging for the diagnosis of DLB in people with dementia in secondary care who are already suspected of having DLB on the basis of a prior clinical work‐up. Search methods We searched MEDLINE (1946 to February 2013), Embase (1980 to February 2013), BIOSIS Previews (1926 to February 2013), PsycINFO (1806 to February 2013), CINAHL (1982 to February 2013), LILACS (February 2013) and Web of Science and Conference Proceedings (ISI Web of Science) (1945 to February 2013). Several of these sources contain conference abstracts. We also searched four specialised databases containing diagnostic reviews: Meta‐analyses van Diagnostisch Onderzoek (MEDION; February 2013), Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE; February 2013), Health Technology Assessment Database (HTA; February 2013), and Aggressive Research Intelligence Facility (ARIF; February 2013). We checked reference lists of relevant studies and reviews for potential additional studies. Terms for electronic database searching were devised in conjunction with the team at the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group. Selection criteria Study design:  We included test accuracy studies with delayed verification, diagnostic case‐control studies, and two‐gate studies with alternative diagnosis controls.  Participants:  (A) participants with dementia in secondary care, (B) participants in secondary care meeting consensus clinical criteria (other than the DAT imaging criterion) for possible or probable DLB, or both.  Index test:  SPECT or positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of brain dopamine transporters.  Reference standard:  Neuropathological diagnosis at autopsy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies for inclusion and extracted data. We extracted results into a 2x2 table, showing the binary test results cross‐classified with the binary reference standard. We used this data to calculate sensitivities, specificities, and their 95% confidence intervals. We used the QUADAS‐2 tool plus some additional items to assess methodological quality. Main results We included one study that was applicable to our first objective (A). It reported data on 22 participants who met consensus clinical criteria for DLB or National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke and the Alzheimer’s Disease and Related Disorders Association (NINCDS‐ADRDA) criteria for Alzheimer's disease, or both (a two‐gate design with alternative diagnosis controls). The index test was SPECT scanning using the ligand  123 I‐FP‐CIT. We considered the study to be at high risk of bias in the participant selection and index test domains (QUADAS‐2).  123 I‐FP‐CIT SPECT analysed semiquantitatively had a sensitivity of 1.00 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 1.00) and a specificity of 0.92 (95% CI 0.64 to 1.00) for the diagnosis of DLB (n = 22, 1 study). Analysed visually, the sensitivity was 0.86 (95% CI 0.42 to 1.00) and the specificity was 0.83 (95% CI 0.52 to 0.98) (n = 19, 1 study). We considered that the study also provided the best available data to address our second objective (B). At baseline, 15 participants were clinically suspected of having DLB. In this group,  123 I‐FP‐CIT SPECT scanning analysed semiquantitatively had a sensitivity of 1.00 (95% CI 0.63 to 1.00) and a specificity of 1.00 (95% CI 0.59 to 1.00) for the diagnosis of DLB (n = 15, 1 study). Analysed visually, accuracy in this group was lower with a sensitivity of 0.83 (95% CI 0.36 to 1.00) and a specificity of 0.71 (95% CI 0.29 to 0.96) (n = 13, 1 study). Authors' conclusions Only one study has used a neuropathological reference standard to assess the accuracy of DAT imaging for the diagnosis of DLB. The small size of the included study means that sensitivity and specificity estimates are imprecise. However, data from this study suggest that DAT imaging is more accurate than clinical diagnosis. Clinical diagnosis is therefore unsuitable to use as a reference standard for assessing the accuracy of DAT imaging. No studies using a neuropathological reference standard have directly addressed the common clinical scenario where the use of DAT imaging is considered as a diagnostic test in a person with possible DLB, or assessed the accuracy of DAT imaging in people with mild dementia. However, the data from the included study suggest that, where there is moderately severe dementia and a strong pre‐existing suspicion of DLB (probable DLB), then a normal (123)I‐FP‐CIT SPECT scan may be an accurate means of excluding the diagnosis. Semiquantitative ratings of  123 I‐FP‐CIT SPECT scans appeared to be more accurate than visual ratings in all analyses. Plain language summary Dopamine transporter imaging for the diagnosis of dementia with Lewy bodies Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is one of the more common causes of dementia in old age. At present, it is diagnosed on the basis of the presence of characteristic symptoms, of which the most important are visual hallucinations, fluctuations in cognition, and Parkinsonism (movement symptoms like those seen in Parkinson's disease). However, many people who have DLB do not have all of these symptoms, and it can be hard to distinguish from other causes of dementia, especially Alzheimer's disease (AD). It is important to diagnose it accurately because people with DLB can have particularly severe side effects if given antipsychotic medication and, in the long term, so that treatments can be improved. Diagnosis of DLB using clinical symptoms alone has proven in some studies not to be very sensitive, that is cases of DLB are often missed. People with DLB have reduced levels of the dopamine transporter protein (DAT) in a part of the brain known as the corpus striatum. It is possible, using tracers that bind to the dopamine transporter, to identify this reduction on certain brain scans (PET or SPECT scans). This is known as DAT imaging. It has been suggested that DAT imaging may help in the accurate diagnosis of DLB. In this review, we aimed to assess how accurately DAT imaging can identify DLB among all people with dementia seen in specialist dementia services (secondary care). Because DAT scans are expensive, they are usually used in people in whom a doctor already suspects the presence of DLB, so we also aimed to see how accurately DAT imaging identified DLB among these people. We only looked for studies in which the diagnosis was confirmed by examining the person's brain after death. We found only one study of 22 participants to include in the review. The participants had been selected for the study because they had been diagnosed clinically with DLB or AD. This method of recruiting participants tends to exaggerate the accuracy of a test. The participants in the study had moderately severe dementia when they had the DAT imaging. Overall, the DAT imaging correctly classified 100% of the participants who had DLB and 92% of the participants who did not have DLB at postmortem. When we looked at only the 15 participants whom the doctors thought had DLB at the start of the study, then the DAT imaging correctly classified 100% of the participants who had DLB and 100% of the participants who did not have DLB at postmortem. The small size of the included study meant that we could not be very confident in these estimates of accuracy, and it is still possible that the test is considerably less accurate than this would suggest. We can conclude that DAT imaging is a promising test for diagnosing DLB, but it is important to note that we did not find any studies of participants in whom diagnosis may be more difficult, such as those with only mild dementia or those who have only one symptom to raise a suspicion of DLB.
Stimulant and non‐stimulant drug therapy for people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy; Abstract - Background Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) can co‐occur in up to 40% of people with epilepsy. There is debate about the efficacy and tolerability of stimulant and non‐stimulant drugs used to treat people with ADHD and co‐occurring epilepsy. Objectives To assess the effect of stimulant and non‐stimulant drugs on children and adults with ADHD and co‐occurring epilepsy in terms of seizure frequency and drug withdrawal rates (primary objectives), as well as seizure severity, ADHD symptoms, cognitive state, general behaviour, quality of life, and adverse effects profile (secondary objectives). Search methods We searched the following databases on 12 October 2020: Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 9 October 2020), CINAHL Plus (EBSCOhost, 1937 onwards). There were no language restrictions. CRS Web includes randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials from PubMed, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and the Specialised Registers of Cochrane Review Groups including Epilepsy.  Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of stimulant and non‐stimulant drugs for people of any age, gender or ethnicity with ADHD and co‐occurring epilepsy. Data collection and analysis We selected articles and extracted data according to predefined criteria. We conducted primary analysis on an intention‐to‐treat basis. We presented outcomes as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), except for individual adverse effects where we quoted 99% CIs. We conducted best‐ and worst‐case sensitivity analyses to deal with missing data. We carried out a risk of bias assessment for each included study using the Cochrane risk of bias tool and assessed the overall certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We identified two studies that matched our inclusion criteria: a USA study compared different doses of the stimulant drug osmotic‐release oral system methylphenidate (OROS‐MPH) with a placebo in 33 children (mean age 10.5 ± 3.0 years), and an Iranian study compared the non‐stimulant drug omega‐3 taken in conjunction with risperidone and usual anti‐seizure medication (ASM) with risperidone and ASM only in 61 children (mean age 9.24 ± 0.15 years). All children were diagnosed with epilepsy and ADHD according to International League Against Epilepsy and Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition, criteria, respectively. We assessed both studies to be at low risk of detection and reporting biases, but assessments varied from low to high risk of bias for all other domains. OROS‐MPH  No participant taking OROS‐MPH experienced significant worsening of epilepsy, defined as: 1. a doubling of the highest 14‐day or highest two‐day seizure rate observed during the 12 months before the trial; 2. a generalised tonic‐clonic seizure if none had been experienced in the previous two years; or 3. a clinically meaningful intensification in seizure duration or severity (33 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). However, higher doses of OROS‐MPH predicted an increased daily risk of a seizure (P < 0.001; 33 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). OROS‐MPH had a larger proportion of participants receiving 'much improved' or 'very much improved' scores for ADHD symptoms on the Clinical Global Impressions for ADHD‐Improvement tool (33 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). OROS‐MPH also had a larger proportion of people withdrawing from treatment (RR 2.80; 95% CI 1.14 to 6.89; 33 participants, 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence). Omega‐3  Omega‐3 with risperidone and ASM were associated with a reduction in mean seizure frequency by 6.6 seizures per month (95% CI 4.24 to 8.96; 56 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) and an increase in the proportion of people achieving 50% or greater reduction in monthly seizure frequency (RR 2.79, 95% CI 0.84 to 9.24; 56 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) compared to people on risperidone and ASM alone. Omega‐3 with risperidone and ASM also had a smaller proportion of people withdrawing from treatment (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.12 to 3.59; 61 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) but a larger proportion of people experiencing adverse drug events (RR 1.40, 95% CI 0.44 to 4.42; 56 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) compared to people on risperidone and ASM alone. Authors' conclusions In children with a dual‐diagnosis of epilepsy and ADHD, there is some evidence that use of the stimulant drug OROS‐MPH is not associated with significant worsening of epilepsy, but higher doses of it may be associated with increased daily risk of seizures; the evidence is of low‐certainty. OROS‐MPH is also associated with improvement in ADHD symptoms. However, this treatment was also associated with a large proportion of treatment withdrawal compared to placebo. In relation to the non‐stimulant drug omega‐3, there is some evidence for reduction in seizure frequency in children who are also on risperidone and ASM, compared to children who are on risperidone and ASM alone. Evidence is inconclusive whether omega‐3 increases or decreases the risk of adverse drug events. We identified only two studies – one each for OROS‐MPH and omega‐3 – with low to high risk of bias. We assessed the overall certainty of evidence for the outcomes of both OROS‐MPH and omega‐3 as low to moderate. More studies are needed. Future studies should include: 1. adult participants; 2. a wider variety of stimulant and non‐stimulant drugs, such as amphetamines and atomoxetine, respectively; and 3. additional important outcomes, such as seizure‐related hospitalisations and quality of life. Clusters of studies which assess the same drug – and those that build upon the evidence base presented in this review on OROS‐MPH and omega‐3 – are needed to allow for meta‐analysis of outcomes. Plain language summary Stimulant and non‐stimulant drug therapy for people with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and epilepsy What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if stimulant and non‐stimulant medications are effective and safe in treating people with both Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and epilepsy. Cochrane Review authors collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question. Background Epilepsy is a disease where the brain is predisposed to generating seizures. ADHD is a condition where daily life is affected by inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. It is common for a person with epilepsy to also have a diagnosis of ADHD. Both these diagnoses together can have a negative impact on education, occupation and family and social relationships. ADHD can be managed with drug therapy. This consists of stimulant drugs such as methylphenidate and non‐stimulant drugs such as atomoxetine. These drugs act on different neurotransmitters within the brain to improve concentration and impulse control. It is suggested that stimulant drugs, particularly methylphenidate, may aggravate epilepsy or cause seizures. Both stimulant and non‐stimulant drugs continue to be prescribed with a warning that they might worsen seizures. We do not know if stimulant and non‐stimulant drugs are effective and safe in treating people with ADHD and epilepsy. We also do not know if these drugs have intolerable side effects that stop people from taking them daily. What are the main results of the review? We found two relevant studies involving children with both ADHD and epilepsy: one American study looked at osmotic‐release oral system methylphenidate (OROS‐MPH) and was funded by a government grant; one Iranian study looked at omega‐3 and was funded by a university grant. In the first study, children at an American outpatient clinic received either OROS‐MPH of increasingly higher doses or placebo. This study suggests that children receiving OROS‐MPH: • may have an increased risk of seizures with higher doses of OROS‐MPH, although we are not certain of this. • are probably twice as likely to stop taking OROS‐MPH due to side effects (e.g. worsening emotional lability and seizures), although we are only moderately confident in this result. • may improve their ADHD symptoms, although we are not certain of this. In the second study, children at an Iranian outpatient clinic received either omega‐3, the anti‐psychotic drug risperidone and usual anti‐seizure medication (ASM) or risperidone and usual ASM only. This study suggests that children receiving omega‐3: • may have fewer seizures (children who received omega‐3 had six or seven fewer seizures per month on average compared to children who did not receive omega‐3), although we are not certain of this. • may be less likely to stop taking omega‐3 due to side effects (sleepiness, diarrhoea and nausea and vomiting), although we are uncertain of this. However, the effects of omega‐3 vary, and it is possible that omega‐3 makes little or no difference. The review authors did not find any studies that looked at the effect of omega‐3 on ADHD symptoms. The review authors did not find any studies that looked at adults with ADHD and epilepsy, and other types of stimulant and non‐stimulant medication. Key messages The stimulant drug OROS‐MPH may improve ADHD symptoms but may also increase the risk of adverse events such as seizures and emotional lability. The non‐stimulant drug omega‐3 may be safe to be used by children with both ADHD and epilepsy; however, we do not know if it is effective in treating the symptoms of ADHD. These conclusions should be interpreted with caution due to study biases, indirect outcome measures, small numbers of events and large confidence intervals. We still need more high‐quality studies including studies involving adults with both ADHD and epilepsy and more types of stimulant and non‐stimulant medications. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to October 2020.
Prophylactic non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for the prevention of macular oedema after cataract surgery; Abstract - Background Macular oedema (MO) is the accumulation of extracellular fluid in the central retina (the macula). It may occur after cataract surgery and may give rise to poor visual outcome, with reduced visual acuity and distortion of the central vision. MO is often self‐limiting with spontaneous resolution, but a small proportion of people with chronic persistent MO may be difficult to treat. Chronic oedema may lead to the formation of cystic spaces in the retina termed 'cystoid macular oedema' (CMO). Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are commonly used in cataract surgery and may reduce the chances of developing MO. Objectives The aim of this review is to answer the question: is there evidence to support the prophylactic use of topical NSAIDs either in addition to, or instead of, topical steroids postoperatively to reduce the incidence of macular oedema (MO) and associated visual morbidity. Search methods We searched a number of electronic databases including CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase. Date last searched 2 September 2016. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which adult participants had undergone surgery for age‐related cataract. We included participants irrespective of their baseline risk of MO, in particular we included people with diabetes and uveitis. We included trials of preoperative and/or postoperative topical NSAIDs in conjunction with postoperative topical steroids. The comparator was postoperative topical steroids alone. A secondary comparison was preoperative and/or postoperative topical NSAIDs alone versus postoperative topical steroids alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies for inclusion, assessed risk of bias and extracted data using standard methods expected by Cochrane. We pooled data using a random‐effects model. We graded the certainty of the evidence using GRADE and considered the following: risk of bias of included studies, precision of the effect estimate, consistency of effects between studies, directness of the outcome measure and publication bias. Main results We identified 34 studies that were conducted in the Americas, Europe, the Eastern Mediterranean region and South‐East Asia. Over 5000 people were randomised in these trials. The majority of studies enrolled one eye per participant; a small subset (4 trials) enrolled a proportion of people with bilateral surgery. Twenty‐eight studies compared NSAIDs plus steroids with steroids alone. Six studies compared NSAIDs with steroids. A variety of NSAIDs were used, including ketorolac, diclofenac, nepafenac, indomethacin, bromfenac, flurbiprofen and pranopfen. Follow‐up ranged from one to 12 months. In general, the studies were poorly reported. We did not judge any of the studies at low risk of bias in all domains. Six studies were funded by industry, seven studies were funded from non‐industry sources, and the rest of the studies did not report the source of funding. There was low‐certainty evidence that people receiving topical NSAIDs in combination with steroids may have a lower risk of poor vision due to MO at three months after cataract surgery compared with people receiving steroids alone (risk ratio (RR) 0.41, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.76; eyes = 1360; studies = 5; I 2  = 5%). We judged this to be low‐certainty evidence because of risk of bias in the included studies and indirectness, as the extent of visual loss was not always clear. Only one study reported poor vision due to MO at 12 months and we judged this to be very low‐certainty evidence as there were only two events. Quality of life was only reported in one of the 34 studies comparing NSAIDs plus steroids versus steroids alone, and it was not fully reported, other than to comment on lack of differences between groups. There was evidence of a reduced risk of MO with NSAIDs at three months after surgery, but we judged this to be low‐certainty due to risk of bias and publication bias (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.49; eyes = 3638; studies = 21). There was inconsistent evidence on central retinal thickness at three months (I 2  = 87%). Results ranged from ‐30.9 µm in favour of NSAIDs plus steroids to 7.44 µm in favour of steroids alone. Similarly, data on best corrected visual acuity (BCVA) were inconsistent, but nine out of 10 trials reporting this outcome found between‐group differences in visual acuity of less than 0.1 logMAR. None of the six studies comparing NSAIDs alone with steroids reported on poor vision due to MO at three or 12 months. There was low‐certainty evidence that central retinal thickness was lower in the NSAIDs group at three months (mean difference (MD) ‐22.64 µm, 95% CI ‐38.86 to ‐6.43; eyes = 121; studies = 2). Five studies reported on MO and showed a reduced risk with NSAIDs, but we judged this evidence to be of low‐certainty (RR 0.27, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.41; eyes = 520). Three studies reported BCVA at three months and the results of these trials were inconsistent, but all three studies found differences of less than 0.1 logMAR between groups. We did not note any major adverse events ‐ the main consistent observation was burning or stinging sensation with the use of NSAIDs. Authors' conclusions Using topical NSAIDs may reduce the risk of developing macular oedema after cataract surgery, although it is possible that current estimates as to the size of this reduction are exaggerated. It is unclear the extent to which this reduction has an impact on the visual function and quality of life of patients. There is little evidence to suggest any important effect on vision after surgery. The value of adding topical NSAIDs to steroids, or using them as an alternative to topical steroids, with a view to reducing the risk of poor visual outcome after cataract surgery is therefore uncertain. Future trials should address the remaining clinical uncertainty of whether prophylactic topical NSAIDs are of benefit, particularly with respect to longer‐term follow‐up (at least to 12 months), and should be large enough to detect reduction in the risk of the outcome of most interest to patients, which is chronic macular oedema leading to visual loss. Plain language summary Prophylactic non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for the prevention of macular oedema after cataract surgery What is the aim of this review?   The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if NSAID eye drops can prevent a sight‐threatening complication of cataract surgery (swelling at the back of the eye, known as macular oedema). Cochrane researchers collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 34 studies. Key messages   There is only low‐certainty evidence to support the use of NSAID eye drops to prevent macular oedema affecting vision after cataract surgery. What was studied in the review?   There is a clear lens in the eye that focuses the light on the back of the eye. As people get older this lens can become cloudy. A cloudy lens is known as a cataract. Doctors can remove the cataract and replace it with an artificial lens. This is usually a very successful operation. Occasionally, people having cataract surgery can get swelling at the back of the eye after the operation. This swelling is known as macular oedema. It usually gets better on its own accord, but if it persists it can result in poor vision. NSAIDs are a medication that can treat inflammation. They may be able to reduce the chances of this swelling happening. The NSAIDs studied in this review were eye drops. What are the main results of the review?   The review authors found 34 relevant studies. These studies were conducted in all parts of the world including the Americas, Europe, the Eastern Mediterranean region and South‐East Asia. Most (28) of these studies compared NSAIDs combined with steroids against steroids alone. Some of the studies (6) compared NSAIDs with steroids alone. A variety of NSAIDs were used, including ketorolac, diclofenac, nepafenac, indomethacin, bromfenac, pranopfen and flurbiprofen. People taking part in these trials were followed up from between one and 12 months. Most studies only followed up to two months or less. Six studies were funded by industry; seven studies were funded from non‐industry sources and the rest of the studies did not report the source of funding. There was low‐certainty evidence that NSAIDs reduce the chance of poor vision due to macular oedema three months after cataract surgery. Only one study reported on poor vision due to macular oedema at 12 months and we judged this to have very low‐certainty of evidence. Using NSAIDs was associated with a reduced risk of macular oedema but the review authors judged this to be low‐certainty. Inconsistent results were seen for some measurements of macular oedema, such as the thickness of the tissue at the back of the eye (central retinal thickness) at three months after surgery. This measurement was not reported by any studies at 12 months after surgery. Similarly, inconsistent results were seen for vision measurement (visual acuity) but most studies found small differences between people given NSAIDs and people not given NSAIDs. Only one study reported quality of life, and this suggested little impact of NSAIDs on quality of life. Adverse events mainly consisted of a burning or stinging sensation. How up‐to‐date is this review?   The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 2 September 2016.
Interventions for idiopathic intracranial hypertension; Abstract - Background Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) has an estimated incidence of one to three people per 100,000 people per year, and occurs most commonly in obese, young women. IIH is associated with severe morbidity, notably due to a significant threat to sight and severe headache. Several different management options have been proposed. Conservative measures centre on weight loss. Pharmacological therapy includes use of diuretics. Refractory and sight‐threatening cases demand surgical intervention, most often in the form of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) diversion or optic nerve sheath fenestration. Other treatments include venous sinus stenting and bariatric surgery. Objectives To assess the effects of any intervention for IIH in any patient group. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) (2015 Issue 6), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process and Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Ovid OLDMEDLINE (January 1946 to July 2015), EMBASE (January 1980 to July 2015), the ISRCTN registry ( www.isrctn.com/editAdvancedSearch ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 22 July 2015. Selection criteria We included only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which any intervention was compared to placebo, or to another form of treatment, for people with a clinical diagnosis of IIH. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the search results for trials to be included in the review. We resolved any discrepancies by third party decision. Main results We identified two completed RCTs (enrolling a total of 211 participants and conducted in the UK and US) and two ongoing trials that met the inclusion criteria. Both completed trials compared acetazolamide to placebo, in conjunction with a weight loss intervention in both groups. Attrition bias was a problem in both trials with high loss to follow‐up, in one study this loss to follow‐up occurred particularly in the acetazolamide arm. One trial was unmasked and we judged it to be at risk of performance and detection bias. In these studies, change in visual acuity was similar in the treatment and control groups as measured by logMAR acuity. In one study people in the acetalomazide group had a similar change in logMAR acuity compared to the placebo group between baseline and 12 months in the right eye (MD 0.04 logMAR, 95% CI ‐0.08 to 0.16) and left eye (MD 0.03 logMAR, 95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.15). In the other study people in the acetalomazide group had a similar change in vision over six months compared with people in the placebo group (mean difference in change in letters read was 0.01 (95% CI ‐1.45 to 1.46). One study reported no cases of visual loss in 21 people treated with acetalomazide compared to 2/20 cases in the placebo group (odds ratio 0.17, 95% CI 0.01, 3.82). The prespecified outcome for this review was reduction in CSF pressure to normal levels which was not reported by the two trials. One trial reported that, in a subsample of 85 participants who agreed to lumbar puncture at 6 months, people in the acetalomazide group on average had a greater reduction in CSF pressure (MD ‐59.9 mmH 2 O, 95% CI ‐96.4, ‐23.4). In one study, people in the acetalozamide group on average experienced a greater reduction in papilloedema as assessed by fundus photographs MD ‐0.70 (95% CI ‐1.00 to ‐0.40) and by clinical grading MD ‐0.91 (95% CI ‐1.27 to ‐0.54) between baseline and six months in the study eye. Headache was recorded as present/absent in one study at 12 months (OR 0.42, 95% CI 0.12,1.41, 41 participants). Both studies reported headache on visual analogue scales (different ones) but results were inconclusive (MD for change in headache score measured on 10‐point visual analogue scale at 12 months was 1.0 (‐1.80, 3.70, 41 participants) and MD for change in headache score on a 6 point scale measured at 6 months was ‐0.45 (‐3.5,2.6, number of participants unclear). In one study, a similar proportion of people in the acetalomazide group were in remission (however, the trial authors did not state their definition of this term) at 12 months compared to the placebo group. However, the 95% CIs were wide and there is considerable uncertainty as to the effect (OR 1.13 (95% CI 0.32 to 3.90, 41 participants). In one study of 185 participants, people in the acetalomazide group had an increased risk of decreased CO 2 , diarrhoea, dysgeusia, fatigue, nausea, paresthesia, tinnitus and vomiting compared to people in the placebo group. In general, the estimates of effect were uncertain with wide 95% CIs. Adverse effects were not reported in the other study. One study reported that quality of life was better in acetazolamide‐treated patients based on the visual quality of life (VFQ‐25) (MD 6.35, 95% CI 2.22 to 10.47) and the physical (MD 3.02, 95% CI 0.34 to 5.70) and mental (MD 3.45, 95% CI 0.35 to 6.55) components of the 36‐Item Short Form Health Survey tool at six months. Costs were not reported in either study. We judged the evidence to be low certainty (GRADE) downgrading for imprecision and risk of bias. Authors' conclusions Although the two included RCTs showed modest benefits for acetazolamide for some outcomes, there is insufficient evidence to recommend or reject the efficacy of this intervention, or any other treatments currently available, for treating people with IIH. Further high‐quality RCTs are required in order to adequately assess the effect of acetazolamide therapy in people with IIH. Plain language summary Interventions for idiopathic intracranial hypertension Review question   We attempted to find all of the published randomised controlled trials (RCT, a type of rigorous study that compares one treatment option against another) that investigated any treatment for idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) in any patient group. We looked at a number of outcomes including reduction in vision, improvement of headache and quality of life. Background   IIH is a condition in which there is increased pressure inside the head without any detectable cause. IIH occurs most commonly in young women who are obese. Increased pressure inside the head often results in swelling of the optic disc (the point where the optic nerve meets the eye), which is called papilloedema. This swelling in turn causes a potential threat to sight. Different management options or treatments have been suggested for treating people with IIH, such as weight loss, drugs (e.g. diuretics) and surgery (e.g. surgery to the optic nerve, brain surgery to reduce the pressure or weight loss surgery). However, there is no consensus for how IIH should best be treated. Search date   We searched for all available trials up to 22 July 2015. Key results   We included two completed RCTs from the UK and US with a total of 211 participants and two ongoing studies. Both completed trials compared acetazolamide to placebo, together with a weight loss intervention in both groups. In these studies, change in the participant’s central vision was similar in the treatment and control groups as measured by a logMAR chart (a chart with rows of letters). The outcome for this review was reduction in CSF pressure to normal levels which was not reported by the two trials. In one study, people in the acetalozamide group on average experienced a greater reduction in papilloedema as assessed by fundus photographs between baseline and six months in the study eye. Both studies reported headache on visual analogue scales but results were inconclusive. In the study that reported adverse effects, the acetazolamide group was found to have a greater number of adverse effects compared to the placebo controls including diarrhoea, nausea, tinnitus and fatigue. One study reported that quality of life was better for the acetazolamide‐treated group. Costs were not reported in either study. Quality of evidence   Both completed trials had issues such as high loss to follow up and in one trial the participants and trial investigators knew what treatment was being received. The evidence was therefore judged to be of low quality. More higher‐quality RCTs are required in order to adequately assess the effect of acetazolamide therapy in IIH.
Psychosocial interventions for supporting women to stop smoking in pregnancy; Abstract - Background Tobacco smoking remains one of the few preventable factors associated with complications in pregnancy, and has serious long‐term implications for women and babies. Smoking in pregnancy is decreasing in high‐income countries, but is strongly associated with poverty and is increasing in low‐ to middle‐income countries. Objectives To assess the effects of smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy on smoking behaviour and perinatal health outcomes. Search methods In this sixth update, we searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (13 November 2015), checked reference lists of retrieved studies and contacted trial authors. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, cluster‐randomised trials, and quasi‐randomised controlled trials of psychosocial smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and trial quality, and extracted data. Direct comparisons were conducted in RevMan, with meta‐regression conducted in STATA 14. Main results The overall quality of evidence was moderate to high, with reductions in confidence due to imprecision and heterogeneity for some outcomes. One hundred and two trials with 120 intervention arms (studies) were included, with 88 trials (involving over 28,000 women) providing data on smoking abstinence in late pregnancy. Interventions were categorised as counselling, health education, feedback, incentives, social support, exercise and dissemination. In separate comparisons, there is high‐quality evidence that counselling increased smoking cessation in late pregnancy compared with usual care (30 studies; average risk ratio (RR) 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.19 to 1.73) and less intensive interventions (18 studies; average RR 1.25, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.47). There was uncertainty whether counselling increased the chance of smoking cessation when provided as one component of a broader maternal health intervention or comparing one type of counselling with another. In studies comparing counselling and usual care (largest comparison), it was unclear whether interventions prevented smoking relapse among women who had stopped smoking spontaneously in early pregnancy. However, a clear effect was seen in smoking abstinence at zero to five months postpartum (11 studies; average RR 1.59, 95% CI 1.26 to 2.01) and 12 to 17 months (two studies, average RR 2.20, 95% CI 1.23 to 3.96), with a borderline effect at six to 11 months (six studies; average RR 1.33, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.77). In other comparisons, the effect was unclear for most secondary outcomes, but sample sizes were small. Evidence suggests a borderline effect of health education compared with usual care (five studies; average RR 1.59, 95% CI 0.99 to 2.55), but the quality was downgraded to moderate as the effect was unclear when compared with less intensive interventions (four studies; average RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.70), alternative interventions (one study; RR 1.88, 95% CI 0.19 to 18.60), or when smoking cessation health education was provided as one component of a broader maternal health intervention. There was evidence feedback increased smoking cessation when compared with usual care and provided in conjunction with other strategies, such as counselling (average RR 4.39, 95% CI 1.89 to 10.21), but the confidence in the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate as this was based on only two studies and the effect was uncertain when feedback was compared to less intensive interventions (three studies; average RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.75 to 2.20). High‐quality evidence suggests incentive‐based interventions are effective when compared with an alternative (non‐contingent incentive) intervention (four studies; RR 2.36, 95% CI 1.36 to 4.09). However pooled effects were not calculable for comparisons with usual care or less intensive interventions (substantial heterogeneity, I 2  = 93%). High‐quality evidence suggests the effect is unclear in social support interventions provided by peers (six studies; average RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.98 to 2.07), in a single trial of support provided by partners, or when social support for smoking cessation was provided as part of a broader intervention to improve maternal health. The effect was unclear in single interventions of exercise compared to usual care (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.72 to 2.01) and dissemination of counselling (RR 1.63, 95% CI 0.62 to 4.32). Importantly, high‐quality evidence from pooled results demonstrated that women who received psychosocial interventions had a 17% reduction in infants born with low birthweight, a significantly higher mean birthweight (mean difference (MD) 55.60 g, 95% CI 29.82 to 81.38 g higher) and a 22% reduction in neonatal intensive care admissions. However the difference in preterm births and stillbirths was unclear. There did not appear to be adverse psychological effects from the interventions. The intensity of support women received in both the intervention and comparison groups has increased over time, with higher‐intensity interventions more likely to have higher‐intensity comparisons, potentially explaining why no clear differences were seen with increasing intervention intensity in meta‐regression analyses. Among meta‐regression analyses: studies classified as having 'unclear' implementation and unequal baseline characteristics were less effective than other studies. There was no clear difference between trials implemented by researchers (efficacy studies), and those implemented by routine pregnancy staff (effectiveness studies), however there was uncertainty in the effectiveness of counselling in four dissemination trials where the focus on the intervention was at an organisational level. The pooled effects were similar in interventions provided for women classified as having predominantly low socio‐economic status, compared to other women. The effect was significant in interventions among women from ethnic minority groups; however not among indigenous women. There were similar effect sizes in trials with biochemically validated smoking abstinence and those with self‐reported abstinence. It was unclear whether incorporating use of self‐help manuals or telephone support increased the effectiveness of interventions. Authors' conclusions Psychosocial interventions to support women to stop smoking in pregnancy can increase the proportion of women who stop smoking in late pregnancy and the proportion of infants born low birthweight. Counselling, feedback and incentives appear to be effective, however the characteristics and context of the interventions should be carefully considered. The effect of health education and social support is less clear. New trials have been published during the preparation of this review and will be included in the next update. Plain language summary Psychosocial interventions for supporting women to stop smoking in pregnancy What is the issue? Tobacco smoking during pregnancy increases the risk of the mother having complications during pregnancy and the baby being born low birthweight. Nicotine and other contents of cigarettes can have harmful effects on the baby’s growth and development. Why is this important? The number of women smoking in pregnancy is decreasing in high‐income countries, where it is associated with poverty, but is increasing in low‐ to middle‐income countries. Non‐pharmacological interventions that address mental, emotional or social factors are known as psychosocial interventions. We set out to identify the evidence on the effectiveness of the various psychosocial interventions to support pregnant women to stop smoking. What evidence did we find? The review includes 102 randomised controlled trials with 120 intervention arms (studies) and data from 88 randomised controlled trials (involving over 28,000 women). The main intervention strategies were categorised as counselling (n = 54), health education (n = 12), feedback (n = 6), incentives (n = 13), social support (n = 7) and exercise (n = 1). Our review provided moderate‐ to‐high quality evidence that psychosocial interventions increased the proportion of women who had stopped smoking in late pregnancy (by 35%) and mean infant birthweight (by 56 g), and reduced the number of babies born with low birthweight (by 17%) and admitted to neonatal intensive care immediately after birth (by 22%). The psychosocial interventions did not appear to have any adverse effects. For some findings there were unexplained differences between studies and some studies were small, reducing our confidence in their results. Nearly all studies were conducted in high‐income countries. Counselling interventions had a clear effect on stopping smoking compared with providing usual care (from 30 studies), and a smaller effect when compared with less intensive interventions (18 studies). No clear effect was seen with counselling provided as one component of a broader intervention to improve maternal health or comparing one type of counselling with another. Interventions that provided feedback had a clear effect when compared with usual care and when combined with other strategies such as counselling (two studies), but not when compared with less intensive interventions (three studies). Interventions based on financial incentives had a clear effect when compared with an alternative like a non‐contingent incentive intervention (four studies). Health education was not clearly effective when compared with usual care (five studies), or when it was one component of a broader maternal health intervention. Social support interventions were not clearly effective when provided by peers (six studies) or in a single trial of support provided by partners; or when social support for smoking cessation was provided as part of a broader intervention to improve maternal health. In single studies, exercise and dissemination of counselling did not have a clear effect compared to usual care. The pooled effects were similar for interventions provided to women who were poor. A clear effect was also seen with interventions among women from ethnic minority groups, but not among indigenous women (four studies). Pooled results suggest that interventions in pregnancy can also reduce smoking cessation after birth. The effects on preterm births (19 studies) and stillbirths (eight studies) were unclear. What does this mean? Counselling, feedback and financial incentives appear to reduce the number of women smoking in late pregnancy, however the interventions and the context of the interventions need to be carefully considered. The effect of health education and social support is less clear. Most of the studies were carried out in high‐income countries making it difficult to assess if the findings are applicable to other contexts. The intensity of support women received in both the intervention and comparison groups has increased over time. Many of the studies did not provide information on the number of individual women who were eligible for inclusion or were approached to take part in studies, which would have provided useful information about the general acceptability of the interventions and selection bias in the studies. The timing of the final assessment of smoking status during pregnancy also varied considerably among the studies. New trials have been published during review preparation will be included in the next update.
Antibiotic strategies for eradicating Pseudomonas aeruginosa in people with cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Respiratory tract infections with  Pseudomonas aeruginosa  occur in most people with cystic fibrosis (CF). Established chronic  P aeruginosa  infection is virtually impossible to eradicate and is associated with increased mortality and morbidity. Early infection may be easier to eradicate. This is an updated review. Objectives Does giving antibiotics for  P aeruginosa  infection in people with CF at the time of new isolation improve clinical outcomes (e.g. mortality, quality of life and morbidity), eradicate  P aeruginosa  infection, and delay the onset of chronic infection, but without adverse effects, compared to usual treatment or an alternative antibiotic regimen? We also assessed cost‐effectiveness. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group Trials Register comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearches of relevant journals and conference proceedings. Latest search: 24 March 2022. We searched ongoing trials registries. Latest search: 6 April 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with CF, in whom  P aeruginosa  had recently been isolated from respiratory secretions. We compared combinations of inhaled, oral or intravenous (IV) antibiotics with placebo, usual treatment or other antibiotic combinations. We excluded non‐randomised trials and cross‐over trials. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected trials, assessed risk of bias and extracted data. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 11 trials (1449 participants) lasting between 28 days and 27 months; some had few participants and most had relatively short follow‐up periods. Antibiotics in this review are: oral – ciprofloxacin and azithromycin; inhaled – tobramycin nebuliser solution for inhalation (TNS), aztreonam lysine (AZLI) and colistin; IV – ceftazidime and tobramycin. There was generally a low risk of bias from missing data. In most trials it was difficult to blind participants and clinicians to treatment. Two trials were supported by the manufacturers of the antibiotic used. TNS versus placebo TNS may improve eradication; fewer participants were still positive for  P aeruginosa  at one month (odds ratio (OR) 0.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02 to 0.18; 3 trials, 89 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and two months (OR 0.15, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.65; 2 trials, 38 participants). We are uncertain whether the odds of a positive culture decrease at 12 months (OR 0.02, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.67; 1 trial, 12 participants). TNS (28 days) versus TNS (56 days) One trial (88 participants) comparing 28 days to 56 days TNS treatment found duration of treatment may make little or no difference in time to next isolation (hazard ratio (HR) 0.81, 95% CI 0.37 to 1.76; low‐certainty evidence). Cycled TNS versus culture‐based TNS One trial (304 children, one to 12 years old) compared cycled TNS to culture‐based therapy and also ciprofloxacin to placebo. We found moderate‐certainty evidence of an effect favouring cycled TNS therapy (OR 0.51, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.82), although the trial publication reported age‐adjusted OR and no difference between groups. Ciprofloxacin versus placebo added to cycled and culture‐based TNS therapy One trial (296 participants) examined the effect of adding ciprofloxacin versus placebo to cycled and culture‐based TNS therapy. There is probably no difference between ciprofloxacin and placebo in eradicating  P aeruginosa  (OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.44; moderate‐certainty evidence). Ciprofloxacin and colistin versus TNS We are uncertain whether there is any difference between groups in eradication of  P aeruginosa  at up to six months (OR 0.43, 95% CI 0.15 to 1.23; 1 trial, 58 participants) or up to 24 months (OR 0.76, 95% CI 0.24 to 2.42; 1 trial, 47 participants); there was a low rate of short‐term eradication in both groups. Ciprofloxacin plus colistin versus ciprofloxacin plus TNS One trial (223 participants) found there may be no difference in positive respiratory cultures at 16 months between ciprofloxacin with colistin versus TNS with ciprofloxacin (OR 1.28, 95% CI 0.72 to 2.29; low‐certainty evidence). TNS plus azithromycin compared to TNS plus oral placebo Adding azithromycin may make no difference to the number of participants eradicating  P aeruginosa  after a three‐month treatment phase (risk ratio (RR) 1.01, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.35; 1 trial, 91 participants; low‐certainty evidence); there was also no evidence of any difference in the time to recurrence. Ciprofloxacin and colistin versus no treatment A single trial only reported one of our planned outcomes; there were no adverse effects in either group. AZLI for 14 days plus placebo for 14 days compared to AZLI for 28 days We are uncertain whether giving 14 or 28 days of AZLI makes any difference to the proportion of participants having a negative respiratory culture at 28 days (mean difference (MD) ‐7.50, 95% CI ‐24.80 to 9.80; 1 trial, 139 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Ceftazidime with IV tobramycin compared with ciprofloxacin (both regimens in conjunction with three months colistin) IV ceftazidime with tobramycin compared with ciprofloxacin may make little or no difference to eradication of  P aeruginosa  at three months, sustained to 15 months, provided that inhaled antibiotics are also used (RR 0.84, 95 % CI 0.65 to 1.09; P = 0.18; 1 trial, 255 participants; high‐certainty evidence). The results do not support using IV antibiotics over oral therapy to eradicate  P aeruginosa , based on both eradication rate and financial cost. Authors' conclusions We found that nebulised antibiotics, alone or with oral antibiotics, were better than no treatment for early infection with  P aeruginosa . Eradication may be sustained in the short term. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether these antibiotic strategies decrease mortality or morbidity, improve quality of life, or are associated with adverse effects compared to placebo or standard treatment. Four trials comparing two active treatments have failed to show differences in rates of eradication of  P aeruginosa . One large trial showed that intravenous ceftazidime with tobramycin is not superior to oral ciprofloxacin when inhaled antibiotics are also used. There is still insufficient evidence to state which antibiotic strategy should be used for the eradication of early  P aeruginosa  infection in CF, but there is now evidence that intravenous therapy is not superior to oral antibiotics. Plain language summary Different ways of giving antibiotics to clear  Pseudomonas aeruginosa  infection in people with cystic fibrosis Key messages ‐ Cystic fibrosis (CF) is an inherited condition where the airways often become blocked with mucus, and people with CF are more likely to get chest infections which cause more damage to the lungs. ‐ Pseudomonas aeruginosa  ( P aeruginosa ) is often the cause of infection and is difficult to get rid of; antibiotics are the main treatment, but there are many different antibiotics, and they can be given in different ways. ‐ Inhaled antibiotics may be better than no treatment allowing most people to remain free of  P aeruginosa  after one month. ‐ There seems to be little difference in the other treatments we compared regarding how well they clear  P aeruginosa  from the lungs. What is cystic fibrosis? CF is the most common inherited condition that is life‐limiting. Sticky mucus builds up in the lungs of people with CF, which makes it difficult to breathe and can lead to chest infections. These chest infections can cause further lung damage and lead to breathing failure and death. A germ called  P aeruginosa  is often the cause of infection and is difficult to treat successfully, once it has persisted for longer than six months. What did we want to find out? We wanted to compare different combinations of inhaled, oral and intravenous (IV) antibiotics for clearing  P aeruginosa  in people with CF, to see if any single treatment works best and is more cost‐effective. What did we find? The review includes 11 studies with a total of 1449 people with CF, of any age or sex, who had mild to severe lung disease. The studies lasted from 28 days to 27 months. We could not combine many results as studies used different treatments. There were 10 different comparisons of antibiotic treatments: three studies compared inhaled antibiotics with a placebo (dummy treatment); two studies compared inhaled antibiotics for different lengths of time; two studies compared inhaled tobramycin with or without oral antibiotics depending on how the infection was detected; two studies compared inhaled antibiotics plus an oral antibiotic with inhaled antibiotics plus a placebo; one study compared two different inhaled antibiotics plus an oral antibiotic; and one study compared IV antibiotics with oral antibiotics. Most of the studies showed how well the treatments got rid of  P aeruginosa  as well as how they affected lung function, other germs, worsening of flare‐ups, and side effects. Main results Three small studies (of 89 people) treating early infection showed that after one month, inhaled antibiotics were better than no treatment and cleared  P aeruginosa  in most people, but our confidence in the evidence is low. There is likely to be little difference in the other treatments regarding how well they clear  P aeruginosa  from the lungs, although we found that inhaled antibiotics, alone or with oral antibiotics, were better than no treatment for early infection with Pseudomonas aeruginosa. A study of IV ceftazidime with tobramycin in comparison with oral ciprofloxacin also showed neither group was better at getting rid of  P aeruginosa,  but we are more certain of the results and this means that it may be just as effective to treat with oral antibiotics. What are the limitations of the evidence? Some studies were carried out up to 30 years ago and the results may not apply today, and some studies were small. Most studies were quite short, so we could not show whether treatment made people with CF feel better or live longer. Given the treatments used in most of the studies, it would have been easy for people to guess which treatment they were receiving, which might have influenced some of the results. Two studies were supported by the pharmaceutical industry. Further research is needed to see whether clearing the infection completely improves the well‐being and quality of life in people with CF and to establish which antibiotic combination is best at clearing  P aeruginosa . Overall our confidence in the evidence was moderate to very low, so further research is likely to change our confidence in the results. However, we have higher confidence in one recently published study, which means we can be more sure of the results. How up to date is this evidence? The studies we have reported on are the most up‐to‐date we could find. We last searched the literature in April 2022.
Reflectance confocal microscopy for diagnosing cutaneous melanoma in adults; Abstract - Background Melanoma has one of the fastest rising incidence rates of any cancer. It accounts for a small percentage of skin cancer cases but is responsible for the majority of skin cancer deaths. Early detection and treatment is key to improving survival; however, anxiety around missing early cases needs to be balanced against appropriate levels of referral and excision of benign lesions. Used in conjunction with clinical or dermoscopic suspicion of malignancy, or both, reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) may reduce unnecessary excisions without missing melanoma cases. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of reflectance confocal microscopy for the detection of cutaneous invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants in adults with any lesion suspicious for melanoma and lesions that are difficult to diagnose, and to compare its accuracy with that of dermoscopy. Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception up to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; MEDLINE; Embase; and seven other databases. We studied reference lists and published systematic review articles. Selection criteria Studies of any design that evaluated RCM alone, or RCM in comparison to dermoscopy, in adults with lesions suspicious for melanoma or atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, compared with a reference standard of either histological confirmation or clinical follow‐up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted all data using a standardised data extraction and quality assessment form (based on QUADAS‐2). We contacted authors of included studies where information related to the target condition or diagnostic threshold were missing. We estimated summary sensitivities and specificities per algorithm and threshold using the bivariate hierarchical model. To compare RCM with dermoscopy, we grouped studies by population (defined by difficulty of lesion diagnosis) and combined data using hierarchical summary receiver operating characteristic (SROC) methods. Analysis of studies allowing direct comparison between tests was undertaken. To facilitate interpretation of results, we computed values of specificity at the point on the SROC curve with 90% sensitivity as this value lies within the estimates for the majority of analyses. We investigated the impact of using a purposely developed RCM algorithm and in‐person test interpretation. Main results The search identified 18 publications reporting on 19 study cohorts with 2838 lesions (including 658 with melanoma), which provided 67 datasets for RCM and seven for dermoscopy. Studies were generally at high or unclear risk of bias across almost all domains and of high or unclear concern regarding applicability of the evidence. Selective participant recruitment, lack of blinding of the reference test to the RCM result, and differential verification were particularly problematic. Studies may not be representative of populations eligible for RCM, and test interpretation was often undertaken remotely from the patient and blinded to clinical information. Meta‐analysis found RCM to be more accurate than dermoscopy in studies of participants with any lesion suspicious for melanoma and in participants with lesions that were more difficult to diagnose (equivocal lesion populations). Assuming a fixed sensitivity of 90% for both tests, specificities were 82% for RCM and 42% for dermoscopy for any lesion suspicious for melanoma (9 RCM datasets; 1452 lesions and 370 melanomas). For a hypothetical population of 1000 lesions at the median observed melanoma prevalence of 30%, this equated to a reduction in unnecessary excisions with RCM of 280 compared to dermoscopy, with 30 melanomas missed by both tests. For studies in equivocal lesions, specificities of 86% would be observed for RCM and 49% for dermoscopy (7 RCM datasets; 1177 lesions and 180 melanomas). At the median observed melanoma prevalence of 20%, this reduced unnecessary excisions by 296 with RCM compared with dermoscopy, with 20 melanomas missed by both tests. Across all populations, algorithms and thresholds assessed, the sensitivity and specificity of the Pellacani RCM score at a threshold of three or greater were estimated at 92% (95% confidence interval (CI) 87 to 95) for RCM and 72% (95% CI 62 to 81) for dermoscopy. Authors' conclusions RCM may have a potential role in clinical practice, particularly for the assessment of lesions that are difficult to diagnose using visual inspection and dermoscopy alone, where the evidence suggests that RCM may be both more sensitive and specific in comparison to dermoscopy. Given the paucity of data to allow comparison with dermoscopy, the results presented require further confirmation in prospective studies comparing RCM with dermoscopy in a real‐world setting in a representative population. Plain language summary What is the diagnostic accuracy of the imaging test reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) for the detection of melanoma in adults? What was the aim of the review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out how accurate reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) was on its own and used in addition to dermoscopy compared to dermoscopy alone for diagnosing melanoma. Review authors in Cochrane included 18 publications to answer this question. Why is improving the diagnosis of melanoma important? Melanoma is one of the most dangerous forms of skin cancer. Not recognising a melanoma when it is present (called a false negative test result) delays surgery to remove it, risking cancer spreading to other parts in the body and possibly death. Diagnosing a skin lesion as a melanoma when it is not present (called a false positive result) may result in unnecessary surgery, further investigations, and patient anxiety. What did the review study? Microscopic techniques are used by skin cancer specialists to allow a more detailed, magnified examination of suspicious skin lesions than can be achieved using the naked eye alone. Currently, dermoscopy (a handheld device using natural light) can be used as part of the clinical examination of suspicious skin lesions. RCM is a new microscopic technique (a handheld device or static unit using infrared light) that can visualise deeper layers of the skin compared to dermoscopy. Both techniques are painless procedures, but RCM is more expensive, time consuming, and requires additional training. Dermoscopy can be used by general practitioners whereas RCM is likely to only be used by secondary care specialists in people who have been referred with a lesion suspicious for skin cancer. We sought to find out whether RCM should be used instead of, or in addition to, dermoscopy, to diagnose melanoma in any suspicious skin lesion or only in particularly difficult to diagnose skin lesions. What were the main results of the review? The review included 18 publications reporting data for 19 groups of participants with lesions suspected of melanoma. The main results were based on 16 of the 19 datasets (sets of information and results). The review included nine datasets with 1452 lesions in people with any suspicious skin lesion, three of which compared RCM to dermoscopy. The results suggested that in 1000 lesions, of which 300 (30%) actually are melanoma: ‐ an estimated 396 would have an RCM result indicating melanoma was present, and of these, 126 (32%) would not be melanoma (false positive results);  ‐ in the same group of 1000 lesions, dermoscopy would produce 406 false positive results, meaning RCM would avoid unnecessary surgery in 280 lesions compared to dermoscopy;  ‐ of the 604 lesions with an RCM result indicating that melanoma was not present (and 324 lesions with a dermoscopy result indicating that melanoma was not present), 30 would actually be melanoma (false negative results). This equated to a false negative rate of 5% for RCM and 9% for dermoscopy. The review also included seven datasets with 1177 lesions in people with particularly difficult to diagnose skin lesions, three of which compared RCM to dermoscopy. The results suggested that if skin specialists used RCM in a group of 1000 lesions, of which 200 (20%) were actually melanoma: ‐ an estimated 292 would have an RCM result indicating melanoma was present, and of these, 112 (38%) would not be melanoma (false positive results);  ‐ in the same group of 1000 lesions, dermoscopy would produce 408 false positive results, meaning RCM would avoid unnecessary surgery in 296 lesions compared to dermoscopy;  ‐ of the 708 lesions with an RCM result indicating that melanoma was not present (and 412 lesions with a dermoscopy result indicating that melanoma was not present), 20 would actually have melanoma (false negative results). This equates to a false negative rate of 3% for RCM and 5% for dermoscopy. How reliable were the results of the studies of this review? In all included studies, the diagnosis of melanoma was made by lesion biopsy (RCM/dermoscopy positive) (a biopsy involves taking a sample of body cells and examining them under a microscope), and the absence of melanoma was confirmed by biopsy or by follow‐up over time to make sure the skin lesion remained negative for melanoma (RCM/dermoscopy negative)*. This is likely to have been a reliable method for deciding whether people really had melanoma. Only a small number of studies compared the accuracy of dermoscopy and RCM. Most were conducted by specialist research teams with high levels of experience with RCM. Therefore, RCM may have appeared more accurate than it actually was. Participants in the nine studies of any suspicious lesion may have had very obvious disease compared to that seen in practice leading to a lower number of false positive results than would actually occur. It is not possible to recommend a definition of a positive RCM test that will reliably produce the results presented here due to differences between studies. Who do the results of this review apply to? Eleven studies were undertaken in Europe (61%), with the remainder undertaken in Oceania, North America, or more than one continent. Mean age ranged from 39 to 54.7 years. The percentage of people with melanoma ranged between 1.9% and 41.5% (a median (midpoint reading) of 19% for difficult to diagnose skin lesions and 32% for any suspicious lesion). The majority of studies only included people with certain types of skin lesion. In many studies, it was not clear what tests participants had received before RCM. What are the implications of this review? RCM appears to be an accurate test for identifying melanoma, and it may reduce the number of people receiving unnecessary surgery by up to three‐quarters compared to dermoscopy. There is considerable variation and uncertainty in results and in study conduct, reducing the reliability of findings. Use of RCM may be of most benefit in people with particularly difficult to diagnose lesions rather than people with any lesion suspicious for melanoma. Further research comparing RCM and dermoscopy in well described groups of people with difficult to diagnose skin lesions is needed. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to August 2016. *In these studies, biopsy or clinical follow‐up were the reference standards (means of establishing final diagnoses).
Acupuncture for depression; Abstract - Background Depression is recognised as a major public health problem that has a substantial impact on individuals and on society. People with depression may consider using complementary therapies such as acupuncture, and an increasing body of research has been undertaken to assess the effectiveness of acupuncture for treatment of individuals with depression. This is the second update of this review. Objectives To examine the effectiveness and adverse effects of acupuncture for treatment of individuals with depression. To determine: • Whether acupuncture is more effective than treatment as usual/no treatment/wait list control for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture is more effective than control acupuncture for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture is more effective than pharmacological therapies for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture plus pharmacological therapy is more effective than pharmacological therapy alone for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture is more effective than psychological therapies for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Adverse effects of acupuncture compared with treatment as usual/no treatment/wait list control, control acupuncture, pharmacological therapies, and psychological therapies for treatment of individuals with depression. Search methods We searched the following databases to June 2016: Cochrane Common Mental Disorders Group Controlled Trials Register (CCMD‐CTR), Korean Studies Information Service System (KISS), DBPIA (Korean article database website), Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information, Research Information Service System (RISS), Korea Med, Korean Medical Database (KM base), and Oriental Medicine Advanced Searching Integrated System (OASIS), as well as several Korean medical journals. Selection criteria Review criteria called for inclusion of all published and unpublished randomised controlled trials comparing acupuncture versus control acupuncture, no treatment, medication, other structured psychotherapies (cognitive‐behavioural therapy, psychotherapy, or counselling), or standard care. Modes of treatment included acupuncture, electro‐acupuncture, and laser acupuncture. Participants included adult men and women with depression diagnosed by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth Edition (DSM‐IV), Research Diagnostic Criteria (RDC), International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD), or Chinese Classification of Mental Disorders Third Edition Revised (CCMD‐3‐R). If necessary, we used trial authors' definitions of depressive disorder. Data collection and analysis We performed meta‐analyses using risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes and standardised mean differences (SMDs) for continuous outcomes, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Primary outcomes were reduction in the severity of depression, measured by self‐rating scales or by clinician‐rated scales, and improvement in depression, defined as remission versus no remission. We assessed evidence quality using the GRADE method. Main results This review is an update of previous versions and includes 64 studies (7104 participants). Most studies were at high risk of performance bias, at high or unclear risk of detection bias, and at low or unclear risk of selection bias, attrition bias, reporting bias, and other bias. Acupuncture versus no treatment/wait list/treatment as usual We found low‐quality evidence suggesting that acupuncture (manual and electro‐) may moderately reduce the severity of depression by end of treatment (SMD ‐0.66, 95% CI ‐1.06 to ‐0.25, five trials, 488 participants). It is unclear whether data show differences between groups in the risk of adverse events (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.35 to 2.24, one trial, 302 participants; low‐quality evidence). Acupuncture versus control acupuncture (invasive, non‐invasive sham controls) Acupuncture may be associated with a small reduction in the severity of depression of 1.69 points on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) by end of treatment (95% CI ‐3.33 to ‐0.05, 14 trials, 841 participants; low‐quality evidence). It is unclear whether data show differences between groups in the risk of adverse events (RR 1.63, 95% CI 0.93 to 2.86, five trials, 300 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Acupuncture versus medication We found very low‐quality evidence suggesting that acupuncture may confer small benefit in reducing the severity of depression by end of treatment (SMD ‐0.23, 95% CI ‐0.40 to ‐0.05, 31 trials, 3127 participants). Studies show substantial variation resulting from use of different classes of medications and different modes of acupuncture stimulation. Very low‐quality evidence suggests lower ratings of adverse events following acupuncture compared with medication alone, as measured by the Montgomery‐Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) (mean difference (MD) ‐4.32, 95% CI ‐7.41 to ‐1.23, three trials, 481 participants). Acupuncture plus medication versus medication alone We found very low‐quality evidence suggesting that acupuncture is highly beneficial in reducing the severity of depression by end of treatment (SMD ‐1.15, 95% CI ‐1.63 to ‐0.66, 11 trials, 775 participants). Studies show substantial variation resulting from use of different modes of acupuncture stimulation. It is unclear whether differences in adverse events are associated with different modes of acupuncture (SMD ‐1.32, 95% CI ‐2.86 to 0.23, three trials, 200 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Acupuncture versus psychological therapy It is unclear whether data show differences between acupuncture and psychological therapy in the severity of depression by end of treatment (SMD ‐0.5, 95% CI ‐1.33 to 0.33, two trials, 497 participants; low‐quality evidence). Low‐quality evidence suggests no differences between groups in rates of adverse events (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.29 to 1.33, one trial, 452 participants). Authors' conclusions The reduction in severity of depression was less when acupuncture was compared with control acupuncture than when acupuncture was compared with no treatment control, although in both cases, results were rated as providing low‐quality evidence. The reduction in severity of depression with acupuncture given alone or in conjunction with medication versus medication alone is uncertain owing to the very low quality of evidence. The effect of acupuncture compared with psychological therapy is unclear. The risk of adverse events with acupuncture is also unclear, as most trials did not report adverse events adequately. Few studies included follow‐up periods or assessed important outcomes such as quality of life. High‐quality randomised controlled trials are urgently needed to examine the clinical efficacy and acceptability of acupuncture, as well as its effectiveness, compared with acupuncture controls, medication, or psychological therapies. Plain language summary Acupuncture for depression Why is this review important? Depression is widely experienced in our communities. People with clinical depression report lack of interest in life and activities that they otherwise normally enjoy. Some people who are depressed use complementary therapies, and some prefer these therapies over medication. Acupuncture treatment involves insertion of fine needles into different parts of the body to correct the imbalance of energy within the body. Who will be interested in this review? Adolescents and adults; healthcare practitioners, including general practitioners working with or involved in the treatment of individuals with depression; and providers and commissioners of healthcare services will be interested in this review. What questions does this review aim to answer? This review, which is an update of a previous Cochrane review (published in 2010), aims to answer the following questions. • Is acupuncture better than no treatment or usual care? • Is acupuncture better than control acupuncture (a treatment that looks similar to acupuncture)? • Is acupuncture better than pharmacological therapies such as antidepressant medication? • Is acupuncture combined with antidepressant medication better than antidepressant medication alone? • Is acupuncture better than psychological therapies? • Is acupuncture safer than other types of treatment for depression? Which studies were included in the review? Included were 64 randomised controlled trials (with 7104 participants) that measured changes in depression symptoms. What does evidence from the review tell us? Review authors rated the quality of evidence from most included studies as very low or low, and the effects described below should be interpreted with caution. Acupuncture may result in a moderate reduction in the severity of depression when compared with treatment as usual/no treatment. Use of acupuncture may lead to a small reduction in the severity of depression when compared with control acupuncture. Effects of acupuncture versus medication and psychological therapy are uncertain owing to the very low quality of evidence. Risks of adverse events with acupuncture are also unclear, as most trials have not reported on adverse events. What should happen next? Review authors recommend that additional high‐quality randomised controlled trials should be undertaken. These trials should use suitable blinding (by which people do not know which treatment they are receiving) when appropriate and should incorporate quality of life measures, assessment of treatment acceptability, and medium‐ and long‐term follow‐up.
Parent‐mediated interventions for promoting communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome; Abstract - Background Communication and language development are areas of particular weakness for young children with Down syndrome. Caregivers' interaction with children influences language development, so many early interventions involve training parents how best to respond to their children and provide appropriate language stimulation. Thus, these interventions are mediated through parents, who in turn are trained and coached in the implementation of interventions by clinicians. As the interventions involve a considerable commitment from clinicians and families, we undertook this review to synthesise the evidence of their effectiveness. Objectives To assess the effects of parent‐mediated interventions for improving communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome. Other outcomes are parental behaviour and responsivity, parental stress and satisfaction, and children's non‐verbal means of communicating, socialisation and behaviour. Search methods In January 2018 we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and 14 other databases. We also searched three trials registers, checked the reference lists of relevant reports identified by the electronic searches, searched the websites of professional organizations, and contacted their staff and other researchers working in the field to identify other relevant published, unpublished and ongoing studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs that compared parent‐mediated interventions designed to improve communication and language versus teaching/treatment as usual (TAU) or no treatment or delayed (wait‐listed) treatment, in children with Down syndrome aged between birth and six years. We included studies delivering the parent‐mediated intervention in conjunction with a clinician‐mediated intervention, as long as the intervention group was the only group to receive the former and both groups received the latter. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures for data collection and analysis. Main results We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent‐mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent‐mediated plus clinician‐mediated intervention versus a clinician‐mediated intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home‐based sessions over a 13‐week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic‐based or home‐based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six‐month period. The third study provided one 2‐ to 3‐hour group session followed by bi‐weekly, individual clinic‐based sessions plus once‐weekly home‐based sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to conduct a meta‐analysis. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in relation to blinding of participants (not possible due to the nature of the intervention) and blinding of outcome assessors, and at an unclear risk of bias for allocation concealment. We judged one study to be at unclear risk of selection bias, as authors did not report the methods used to generate the random sequence; at high risk of reporting bias, as they did not report on one assessed outcome; and at high risk of detection bias, as the control group had a cointervention and only parents in the intervention group were made aware of the target words for their children. The sample sizes of each included study were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. The third study found gains for the intervention group on total‐language measures immediately postintervention. One study did not find any differences in parental stress scores between the groups at any time point up to 12 months postintervention. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postintervention, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the intervention group at 12 months postintervention. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the intervention group. One study looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the intervention group attended seven out of nine group sessions and were present for four home visits. No study measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of treatment effect. Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient evidence to determine the effects of parent‐mediated interventions for improving the language and communication of children with Down syndrome. We found only three small studies of very low quality. This review highlights the need for well‐designed studies, including RCTs, to evaluate the effectiveness of parent‐mediated interventions. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of language development, and they should include measures of secondary outcomes more distal to the intervention, such as family well‐being. Treatment fidelity, in particular parental dosage of the intervention outside of prescribed sessions, also needs to be documented. Plain language summary Parent‐mediated interventions to promote communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome Review question Do parent‐mediated interventions improve communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome? Background Language development is an area of particular weakness for young children with Down syndrome. Caregivers' interaction with children influences language development, so sometimes clinicians coach parents so they can stimulate their children's language and communication skills. Study characteristics The evidence is current to January 2018. We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years. Two studies were randomised controlled trials: experiments in which children were allocated to treatment (i.e. parent‐mediated) and control (treatment as usual or clinician‐mediated, or both) groups using a random method such as a computer‐generated list of random numbers. The other study reported that randomisation took place but did not specify how this was done. Two studies compared parent‐mediated intervention to treatment as usual. One of these lasted for 13 weeks, and parents in the intervention group received nine, weekly group sessions and four individual sessions in the home. The total intervention time was approximately 26.5 hours. A second study lasted for six months, and parents received weekly, 1.5‐ to 2‐hour clinic or home‐based, individualised, parent‐child sessions. The total intervention time was approximately 48 hours. A third study compared a parent‐ and clinician‐mediated intervention to a clinician‐only‐mediated intervention. In this study the parents in the intervention group took part in a two‐ to three‐hour interactive workshop plus three individualised sessions (two clinic‐based and one home‐based) every week for 12 weeks. The control group received the same individualised sessions, but a clinician delivered them (i.e. there was no parental involvement). The total intervention time was approximately 19 hours. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. Key results Two of the three studies found no differences in children's language ability after parent training. However, these same two studies found that children in the intervention group used more words that had been specifically targeted, postintervention; this was not maintained 12 months later. The study that gave parents the largest amount of intervention reported gains on general measures of overall language ability for children in the intervention group. One study did not find any changes in levels of parental stress immediately or up to 12 months postintervention in either group. All three studies noted changes in how parents talked to and interacted with their children immediately postintervention, and most strategies were retained by the intervention group 12 months later. One study reported increases in the socialisation skills of children who received the intervention. No study reported language attrition in either group postintervention. Quality of the evidence We rated the quality of the evidence in this review as very low, as only three studies fulfilled the criteria for inclusion, and all had small sizes and serious methodological limitations. There is currently insufficient evidence to determine the effect of parent‐mediated interventions for improving the communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome.
Mobility management to prevent, reduce, or delay driving a car in teenagers; Abstract - Background Rates of injury and death caused by car crashes with teenage drivers remain high in most high‐income countries. In addition to injury and death, car use includes other non‐traffic risks; these may be health‐related, such as physical inactivity or respiratory disease caused by air pollution, or have global significance, such as the environmental impact of car use. Research demonstrates that reducing the amount of time driving reduces the risk of injury, and it is expected that it would also reduce other risks that are unrelated to traffic. Mobility management interventions aim to increase mobility awareness and encourage a shift from private car use to active (walking, cycling, skateboarding), and public (bus, tram, train), transportation. 'Soft' mobility management interventions include the application of strategies and policies to reduce travel demand and may be instigated locally or more widely, to target a specific or a non‐specific population group; 'hard' mobility management interventions include changes to the built environment or transport infrastructure and are not the focus of this review. Between the ages of 15 to 19 years, young people enter a development stage known as the 'transition teens' in which they are likely to make long‐lasting lifestyle changes. It is possible that using this specific time point to introduce mobility management interventions may influence a person's long‐term mobility behaviour. Objectives To assess whether 'soft' mobility management interventions prevent, reduce, or delay car driving in teenagers aged 15 to 19 years, and to assess whether these mobility management interventions also reduce crashes caused by teenage drivers. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and Social Policy and Practice on 16 August 2019. We searched clinical trials registers, relevant conference proceedings, and online media sources of transport organisations, and conducted backward‐ and forward‐citation searching of relevant articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or controlled before‐after studies (CBAs) evaluating mobility management interventions in teenagers aged 15 to 19 years. We included informational, educational, or behavioural interventions that aimed to prevent, reduce, or delay car driving in this age group, and we compared these interventions with no intervention or with standard practice. We excluded studies that evaluated graduated drivers licensing (GDL) programmes, separate components of GDL, or interventions that act in conjunction with, or as an extension of, GDL. Such programmes aim to increase driving experience and skills through stages of supervised and unsupervised exposure, but assume that all participants will drive; they do not attempt to encourage people to drive less in the long term or promote alternatives to driving. We also excluded studies which evaluated school‐based safe‐driving initiatives. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted data, and assessed risks of bias. We assessed the certainty of evidence with GRADE. Main results We included one RCT with 178 participants and one CBA with 860 participants. The RCT allocated university students, with a mean age of 18 years, who had not yet acquired a driving licence, to one of four interventions that provided educational information about negative aspects of car use, or to a fifth group in which no information was given. Types of educational information about car use related to cost, risk, or stress, or all three types of educational information combined. In the CBA, 860 school students, aged 17 to 18 years taking a driving theory course, had an additional interactive lesson about active transport (walking or cycling), and some were invited to join a relevant Facebook group with posts targeting awareness and habit. We did not conduct meta‐analyses because we had insufficient studies. We could not be certain whether educational interventions versus no information affected people's decision to obtain a driving licence 18 months after receiving the intervention (risk ratio 0.62, 95% confidence interval 0.45 to 0.85; very low‐certainty evidence). We noted that fewer participants who were given information obtained a driving licence (42.6%) compared to those who did not receive information (69%), but we had very little confidence in the effect estimate; the study had high or unclear risks of bias and the evidence was from one small study and was therefore imprecise. We could not be certain whether interventions about active transport, given during a driving theory course, could influence behavioural predictors of car use. Study authors noted: ‐ an increased intention to use active transport after obtaining a driving licence between postintervention and an eight‐week follow‐up in students who were given an active transport lesson and a Facebook invitation compared to those given only the active transport lesson; and ‐ a decrease in intention between pre‐ and postintervention in those given an active transport lesson and Facebook invitation compared to those given the active transport lesson only. There were high risks of bias in this CBA study design, a large amount of missing data (very few participants accepted the Facebook invitation), and data came from a single study only, so we judged the evidence to be of very low certainty. These studies did not measure our primary outcome (driving frequency), or other secondary outcomes (driving distance, driving hours, use of alternative modes of transport, or car crashes). Authors' conclusions We found only two small studies, and could not determine whether mobility management interventions were effective to prevent, reduce, or delay car driving in teenagers. The lack of evidence in this review raises two points. First, more foundational research is needed to discover how and why young people make decisions surrounding their personal transport, in order to find out what might encourage them to delay licensing and driving. Second, we need longitudinal studies with a robust study design – such as RCTs – and with large sample sizes that incorporate different socioeconomic groups in order to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of relevant interventions. Ideally, evaluations will include an assessment of how attitudes and beliefs evolve in teenagers during these transition years, and the potential effect of these on the design of a mobility management intervention for this age group. Plain language summary Mobility management interventions to prevent, reduce, or delay driving in teenagers Review question This review assessed evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and controlled before‐after studies (CBAs), on whether 'mobility management' can be used to prevent, reduce, or delay car driving in teenagers aged 15 to 19 years. Background Despite safety‐based educational programmes and programmes designed to restrict teenage driving (called graduated drivers licensing, or GDL), rates of injury and death caused by teenage car drivers remain high. Car use also leads to health risks caused by being less active physically, and environmental risks from burning fossil fuels. 'Mobility management' is the term applied to strategies that encourage people of different ages to drive less. Examples include encouraging walking or cycling, use of public transport, or car sharing. People are more likely to make changes to how they live their lives in the period between the ages of 15 and 19 years. This may be the ideal time to introduce mobility management to prevent, reduce, or delay driving. This may influence long‐term car use, and reduce risks associated with driving. Search date We searched for RCTs (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups), and CBAs (CBAs are not randomised, but measure outcomes before and after an intervention is applied), published up to 16 August 2019. Study characteristics We found one small RCT. This study gave 178 university students (average age 18 years) who did not hold a driving licence, different types of information to educate them about the negative aspects of car use. Students received information about cost, risk, or stress related to car use, or a combination of all three, while a fifth group of students received no information. We also found one CBA with 860 participants. In this study, 17‐ to 18‐year‐old school students taking a driving theory course received an additional lesson about active transport, such as walking or cycling. Some were also invited to join a relevant Facebook group. Students in a third group received no additional information. Students were asked questions about their intention to use active transport after getting a driving licence, but many did not complete the study. Key results The RCT reported that fewer students obtained a driving licence 18 months after they were given negative car‐related information than students given no information. The CBA reported a decreased intention to use active transport immediately after the lesson in students invited to the Facebook group only, but eight weeks later this was the only group where intention to use active transport had increased. We judged the quality of the evidence in both studies as very low. The studies did not report frequency of driving, driving distance, driving hours, use of alternative modes of transport, or car crashes. Quality of the evidence We found only two small studies investigating different types of mobility management, so could not compare their findings with other similar experiments to see if they produced the same results. Similarly, we could not be certain whether these programmes would be effective in real‐world settings. Some of the methods in the RCT were not well reported, and we expected that students might share information they were given with other study participants, which might have affected the study findings. CBA study designs have higher risks of bias because participants are not randomised to groups, and, in this CBA, the characteristics of students varied between groups. There was also a very high number of participants who did not complete the questionnaires at each time point. Consequently, we judged the evidence from these studies to be of very‐low quality. Conclusions We found only two small studies that investigated ways to present mobility management information to teenagers. We could not be sure of their effect on obtaining a driving licence, or intention to use active transport (walking or cycling) after obtaining a driving licence, because the quality of the evidence was very low. Risks from driving are a public health concern, and, because we did not find enough evidence, large studies with a long follow‐up (monitoring) period are needed to find out whether teenagers can be encouraged to reduce or delay driving.
Mesh versus non‐mesh for inguinal and femoral hernia repair; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2001. Hernias are protrusions of all or part of an organ through the body wall that normally contains it. Groin hernias include inguinal (96%) and femoral (4%) hernias, and are often symptomatic with discomfort. They are extremely common, with an estimated lifetime risk in men of 27%. Occasionally they may present as emergencies with complications such as bowel incarceration, obstruction and strangulation. The definitive treatment of all hernias is surgical repair, inguinal hernia repair being one of the most common surgical procedures performed. Mesh (hernioplasty) and the traditional non‐mesh repairs (herniorrhaphy) are commonly used, with an increasing preference towards mesh repairs in high‐income countries. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of different inguinal and femoral hernia repair techniques in adults, specifically comparing closure with mesh versus without mesh. Outcomes include hernia recurrence, complications (including neurovascular or visceral injury, haematoma, seroma, testicular injury, infection, postoperative pain), mortality, duration of operation, postoperative hospital stay and time to return to activities of daily living. Search methods We searched the following databases on 9 May 2018: Cochrane Colorectal Cancer Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 1), Ovid MEDLINE (from 1950), Ovid Embase (from 1974) and Web of Science (from 1900). Furthermore, we checked the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov for trials. We applied no language or publication restrictions. We also searched the reference lists of included trials and review articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of mesh compared to non‐mesh inguinal or femoral hernia repairs in adults over the age of 18 years. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Where available, we collected information on adverse effects. We presented dichotomous data as risk ratios, and where possible we calculated the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB). We presented continuous data as mean difference. Analysis of missing data was based on intention‐to‐treat principles, and we assessed heterogeneity using an evaluation of clinical and methodological diversity, Chi 2  test and I 2  statistic. We used GRADE to assess the quality of evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 25 studies (6293 participants) in this review. All included studies specified inguinal hernias, and two studies reported that femoral hernias were included. Mesh repair probably reduces the risk of hernia recurrence compared to non‐mesh repair (21 studies, 5575 participants; RR 0.46, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.80, I 2  = 44%, moderate‐quality evidence). In absolute numbers, one hernia recurrence was prevented for every 46 mesh repairs compared with non‐mesh repairs. Twenty‐four studies (6293 participants) assessed a wide range of complications with varying follow‐up times. Neurovascular and visceral injuries were more common in non‐mesh repair groups (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.76, I 2  = 0%, NNTB = 22, high‐quality evidence). Wound infection was found slightly more commonly in the mesh group (20 studies, 4540 participants; RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.86, I 2  = 0%, NNTB = 200, low‐quality evidence). Mesh repair reduced the risk of haematoma compared to non‐mesh repair (15 studies, 3773 participants; RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.13, I 2  = 0%, NNTB = 143, low‐quality evidence). Seromas probably occur more frequently with mesh repair than with non‐mesh repair (14 studies, 2640 participants; RR 1.63, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.59, I 2  = 0%, NNTB = 72, moderate‐quality evidence), as does wound swelling (two studies, 388 participants; RR 4.56, 95% CI 1.02 to 20.48, I 2  = 33%, NNTB = 72, moderate‐quality evidence). The comparative effect on wound dehiscence is uncertain due to wide confidence intervals (two studies, 329 participants; RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.12 to 2.48, I 2  = 37% NNTB = 77, low‐quality evidence). Testicular complications showed nearly equivocal results; they probably occurred slightly more often in the mesh group however the confidence interval around the effect was wide (14 studies, 3741 participants; RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.76, I 2  = 0%, NNTB = 2000, low‐quality evidence). Mesh reduced the risk of postoperative urinary retention compared to non‐mesh (eight studies, 1539 participants; RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.73, I 2  = 56%, NNTB = 16, moderate‐quality evidence). Postoperative and chronic pain could not be compared due to variations in measurement methods and follow‐up time (low‐quality evidence). No deaths occurred during the follow‐up periods reported in the seven studies (2546 participants) reporting this outcome (high‐quality evidence). The average operating time was longer for non‐mesh repairs by a mean of 4 minutes 22 seconds, despite wide variation across the studies regarding size and direction of effect, thus this result is uncertain (20 studies, 4148 participants; 95% CI ‐6.85 to ‐1.60, I 2 = 97%, very low‐quality evidence). Hospital stay may be shorter with mesh repair, by 0.6 days (12 studies, 2966 participants; 95% CI ‐0.86 to ‐0.34, I 2  = 98%, low‐quality evidence), and participants undergoing mesh repairs may return to normal activities of daily living a mean of 2.87 days sooner than those with non‐mesh repair (10 studies, 3183 participants; 95% CI ‐4.42 to ‐1.32, I 2  = 96%, low‐quality evidence), although the results of both these outcomes are also limited by wide variation in the size and direction of effect across the studies. Authors' conclusions Mesh and non‐mesh repairs are effective surgical approaches in treating hernias, each demonstrating benefits in different areas. Compared to non‐mesh repairs, mesh repairs probably reduce the rate of hernia recurrence, and reduce visceral or neurovascular injuries, making mesh repair a common repair approach. Mesh repairs may result in a reduced length of hospital stay and time to return to activities of daily living, but these results are uncertain due to variation in the results of the studies. Non‐mesh repair is less likely to cause seroma formation and has been favoured in low‐income countries due to low cost and reduced availability of mesh materials. Risk of bias in the included studies was low to moderate and generally handled well by study authors, with attention to details of allocation, blinding, attrition and reporting. Plain language summary Comparing surgical groin hernia repair performed with or without mesh Review question This review assessed the difference in outcomes between surgical hernia repair with and without mesh. Background Hernias are out‐pouchings of an organ through the body wall that normally contains it; in this review, we refer to the bowel or its surrounding fatty tissues protruding through the abdominal wall in the groin region. This is a very common medical problem, affecting 27 out of every 100 men. These hernias can cause significant discomfort, and can occasionally become so tightly stuck that the blood supply can be cut off (strangulation), requiring emergency surgery. The curative treatment of hernias is surgical repair, which can be closed with sutured techniques (non‐mesh repair) or with a fine mesh to promote tissue growth to strengthen the previously weak area (mesh repair). Mesh repair is becoming increasingly popular in many countries, particularly in conjunction with laparoscopic (key‐hole) surgery. Search date We searched a number of databases for studies; this search was last updated on 9 May 2018. Study characteristics In this update of a review originally published in 2001, we included a total of 25 studies (with a total of 6293 people) undertaken in a number of different countries. A variety of outcomes were assessed, including return of the hernia after initial repair (hernia recurrence), a variety of complications including pain, duration of surgery, hospital stay and time before going back to normal activities. Key results One hernia recurrence is prevented for every 46 mesh repairs performed rather than non‐mesh repairs. Compared to non‐mesh repairs, mesh repairs are more likely to develop collections of fluid next to the surgical wound, but are less likely to result in difficulty urinating following the operation, or injury to nerves, blood vessels or other organs. Postoperative pain could not be clearly compared between studies due to differences in measurement methods and time frames, but overall the studies appeared to indicate that participants who had mesh repairs had less pain. The length of the surgical operation was slightly shorter for mesh repairs. Participants who had a mesh repair were more likely to have a shorter hospital stay and had a shorter average recovery time before returning to their normal activities. Quality of the evidence The studies included in this review used good‐quality methods, considered potential factors which could affect the results, and addressed their proposed outcomes clearly. In our assessment of the quality of evidence, we marked down some outcomes to 'moderate' quality, particularly due to variability within results. Conclusions Overall, hernia repairs with and without mesh both proved effective in the treatment of hernias, although mesh repairs demonstrated fewer hernia recurrences, a shorter operation time and faster return to normal activities. Non‐mesh repairs are still widely used, often due to the cost and poor availability of the mesh product itself.
Repositioning for pressure injury prevention in adults; Abstract - Background A pressure injury (PI), also referred to as a 'pressure ulcer', or 'bedsore', is an area of localised tissue damage caused by unrelieved pressure, friction, or shearing on any part of the body. Immobility is a major risk factor and manual repositioning a common prevention strategy. This is an update of a review first published in 2014. Objectives To assess the clinical and cost effectiveness of repositioning regimens(i.e. repositioning schedules and patient positions) on the prevention of PI in adults regardless of risk in any setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and EBSCO CINAHL Plus on 12 February 2019. We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and scanned the reference lists of included studies as well as reviews, meta‐analyses, and health technology reports to identify additional studies. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication, or study setting. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including cluster‐randomised trials (c‐RCTs), published or unpublished, that assessed the effects of any repositioning schedule or different patient positions and measured PI incidence in adults in any setting. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently performed study selection, 'Risk of bias' assessment, and data extraction. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We identified five additional trials and one economic substudy in this update, resulting in the inclusion of a total of eight trials involving 3941 participants from acute and long‐term care settings and two economic substudies in the review. Six studies reported the proportion of participants developing PI of any stage. Two of the eight trials reported within‐trial cost evaluations. Follow‐up periods were short (24 hours to 21 days). All studies were at high risk of bias. Funding sources were reported in five trials. Primary outcomes: proportion of new PI of any stage Repositioning frequencies: three trials compared different repositioning frequencies We pooled data from three trials (1074 participants) comparing 2‐hourly with 4‐hourly repositioning frequencies (fixed‐effect; I² = 45%; pooled risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.41). It is uncertain whether 2‐hourly repositioning compared with 4‐hourly repositioning used in conjunction with any support surface increases or decreases the incidence of PI. The certainty of the evidence is very low due to high risk of bias, downgraded twice for risk of bias, and once for imprecision. One of these trials had three arms (967 participants) comparing 2‐hourly, 3‐hourly, and 4‐hourly repositioning regimens on high‐density mattresses; data for one comparison was included in the pooled analysis. Another comparison was based on 2‐hourly versus 3‐hourly repositioning. The RR for PI incidence was 4.06 (95% CI 0.87 to 18.98). The third study comparison was based on 3‐hourly versus 4‐hourly repositioning (RR 0.20, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.92). The certainty of the evidence is low due to risk of bias and imprecision. In one c‐RCT, 262 participants in 32 ward clusters were randomised between 2‐hourly and 3‐hourly repositioning on standard mattresses and 4‐hourly and 6‐hourly repositioning on viscoelastic mattresses. The RR for PI with 2‐hourly repositioning compared with 3‐hourly repositioning on standard mattress is imprecise (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.16; very low‐certainty evidence). The CI for PI include both a large reduction and no difference for the comparison of 4‐hourly and 6‐hourly repositioning on viscoelastic foam (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.02). The certainty of the evidence is very low, downgraded twice due to high risk of bias, and once for imprecision. Positioning regimens: four trials compared different tilt positions We pooled data from two trials (252 participants) that compared a 30° tilt with a 90° tilt (random‐effects; I² = 69%). There was no clear difference in the incidence of stage 1 or 2 PI. The effect of tilt is uncertain because the certainty of evidence is very low (pooled RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.10 to 3.97), downgraded due to serious design limitations and very serious imprecision. One trial involving 120 participants compared 30° tilt and 45° tilt with 'usual care' and reported no occurrence of PI events (low certainty evidence). Another trial involving 116 ICU patients compared prone with the usual supine positioning for PI. Reporting was incomplete and this is low certainty evidence. Secondary outcomes No studies reported health‐related quality of life utility scores, procedural pain, or patient satisfaction. Cost analysis Two included trials also performed economic analyses. A cost‐minimisation analysis compared the costs of 3‐hourly and 4‐hourly repositioning with 2‐hourly repositioning schedule amongst nursing home residents. The cost of repositioning was estimated at CAD 11.05 and CAD 16.74 less per resident per day for the 3‐hourly or 4‐hourly regimen, respectively, compared with the 2‐hourly regimen. The estimates of economic benefit were driven mostly by the value of freed nursing time. The analysis assumed that 2‐, 3‐, or 4‐hourly repositioning is associated with a similar incidence of PI, as no difference in incidence was observed. A second study compared the nursing time cost of 3‐hourly repositioning using a 30° tilt with standard care (6‐hourly repositioning with a 90° lateral rotation) amongst nursing home residents. The intervention was reported to be cost‐saving compared with standard care (nursing time cost per patient EUR 206.60 versus EUR 253.10, incremental difference EUR −46.50, 95% CI EUR −1.25 to EUR −74.60). Authors' conclusions Despite the addition of five trials, the results of this update are consistent with our earlier review, with the evidence judged to be of low or very low certainty. There remains a lack of robust evaluations of repositioning frequency and positioning for PI prevention and uncertainty about their effectiveness. Since all comparisons were underpowered, there is a high level of uncertainty in the evidence base. Given the limited data from economic evaluations, it remains unclear whether repositioning every three hours using the 30° tilt versus "usual care" (90° tilt) or repositioning 3‐to‐4‐hourly versus 2‐hourly is less costly relative to nursing time. Plain language summary Repositioning to prevent pressure injuries What was the aim of this review? The aim of this review was to compare different positions and repositioning frequencies to find out which were the most effective in preventing pressure injuries in adults regardless of risk or healthcare setting. We collected and analysed all relevant studies (i.e. randomised controlled trials, a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method, and which provides the most reliable health evidence) to answer this question and found eight relevant trials and two economic evaluations. We found the effectiveness of repositioning frequencies to be unclear in the 2014 version of this review. This update includes the results of new trials conducted since that time. Key messages There is no clear evidence regarding which particular positions and repositioning frequencies are the most effective for preventing pressure injuries in adults. This is partly due to the low quality of the studies, most of which had small numbers of participants and were lacking in details about study methods. There is also limited evidence to support the cost‐effectiveness of different repositioning frequencies and positions. There is a need for further research to measure the effects of repositioning on pressure injury development and to find the best repositioning regimen relative to frequency and position. What was studied in this review? Pressure injuries, also called pressure ulcers, pressure sores, decubitus ulcers, and bedsores, are caused by pressure and rubbing on the bony weight‐bearing points of the body. A pressure injury is indicated by an area of localised damage to the skin or underlying tissue over a bony prominence. Pressure injuries occur most commonly in the elderly, or those who are immobile. Repositioning is one strategy used alongside other strategies to prevent the development of pressure injuries. Repositioning involves moving the person into a different position to redistribute pressure from a particular part of the body. We wanted to know which repositioning regimen was most effective in preventing pressure injuries in adults. We looked at the effect of different repositioning on peoples’ perceived satisfaction, pain, and quality of life. We were also interested in comparing the cost‐effectiveness of different repositioning approaches. What were the main results of this review? We identified eight clinical trials and two economic analyses published between 2004 and 2018 involving 3941 participants. Participant age ranged from 55 to 90 years. Three clinical trials compared repositioning frequencies using 2‐, 3‐, 4‐, or 6‐hourly repositioning. Three other trials compared different tilt positions. Two included trials also included cost‐effectiveness analyses. No studies reported health‐related quality of life, procedural pain, or patient satisfaction. The evidence to support the use of one particular repositioning frequency and position over another to prevent pressure injuries is low in quality and limited in amount, therefore which position or frequency of repositioning is the most effective in reducing pressure injury development is unclear. None of the included trials reported on participant pain, satisfaction, or quality of life. Results were inconclusive, and the certainty of the evidence in the included trials is low to very low. How up‐to‐date is this review? We searched for studies published up to February 2019.
Cognitive‐behavioural interventions for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults; Abstract - Background Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental condition characterised by symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity, along with deficits in executive function, emotional regulation and motivation. The persistence of ADHD in adulthood is a serious clinical problem. ADHD significantly affects social interactions, study and employment performance. Previous studies suggest that cognitive‐behavioural therapy (CBT) could be effective in treating adults with ADHD, especially when combined with pharmacological treatment. CBT aims to change the thoughts and behaviours that reinforce harmful effects of the disorder by teaching people techniques to control the core symptoms. CBT also aims to help people cope with emotions, such as anxiety and depression, and to improve self‐esteem. Objectives To assess the effects of cognitive‐behavioural‐based therapy for ADHD in adults. Search methods In June 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, seven other databases and three trials registries. We also checked reference lists, handsearched congress abstracts, and contacted experts and researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating any form of CBT for adults with ADHD, either as a monotherapy or in conjunction with another treatment, versus one of the following: unspecific control conditions (comprising supportive psychotherapies, no treatment or waiting list) or other specific interventions. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures suggested by Cochrane. Main results We included 14 RCTs (700 participants), 13 of which were conducted in the northern hemisphere and 1 in Australia. Primary outcomes: ADHD symptoms CBT versus unspecific control conditions  (supportive psychotherapies, waiting list or no treatment) ‐ CBT versus supportive psychotherapies: CBT was more effective than supportive therapy for improving clinician‐reported ADHD symptoms (1 study, 81 participants; low‐quality evidence) but not for self‐reported ADHD symptoms (SMD −0.16, 95% CI −0.52 to 0.19; 2 studies, 122 participants; low‐quality evidence; small effect size). ‐ CBT versus waiting list: CBT led to a larger benefit in clinician‐reported ADHD symptoms (SMD −1.22, 95% CI −2.03 to −0.41; 2 studies, 126 participants; very low‐quality evidence; large effect size). We also found significant differences in favour of CBT for self‐reported ADHD symptoms (SMD −0.84, 95% CI −1.18 to −0.50; 5 studies, 251 participants; moderate‐quality evidence; large effect size). CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone : CBT with pharmacotherapy was more effective than pharmacotherapy alone for clinician‐reported core symptoms (SMD −0.80, 95% CI −1.31 to −0.30; 2 studies, 65 participants; very low‐quality evidence; large effect size), self‐reported core symptoms (MD −7.42 points, 95% CI −11.63 points to −3.22 points; 2 studies, 66 participants low‐quality evidence) and self‐reported inattention (1 study, 35 participants). CBT versus other interventions that included therapeutic ingredients specifically targeted to ADHD : we found a significant difference in favour of CBT for clinician‐reported ADHD symptoms (SMD −0.58, 95% CI −0.98 to −0.17; 2 studies, 97 participants; low‐quality evidence; moderate effect size) and for self‐reported ADHD symptom severity (SMD −0.44, 95% CI −0.88 to −0.01; 4 studies, 156 participants; low‐quality evidence; small effect size). Secondary outcomes CBT versus unspecific control conditions : we found differences in favour of CBT compared with waiting‐list control for self‐reported depression (SMD −0.36, 95% CI −0.60 to −0.11; 5 studies, 258 participants; small effect size) and for self‐reported anxiety (SMD −0.45, 95% CI −0.71 to −0.19; 4 studies, 239 participants; small effect size). We also observed differences in favour of CBT for self‐reported state anger (1 study, 43 participants) and self‐reported self‐esteem (1 study 43 participants) compared to waiting list. We found no differences between CBT and supportive therapy (1 study, 81 participants) for self‐rated depression, clinician‐rated anxiety or self‐rated self‐esteem. Additionally, there were no differences between CBT and the waiting list for self‐reported trait anger (1 study, 43 participants) or self‐reported quality of life (SMD 0.21, 95% CI −0.29 to 0.71; 2 studies, 64 participants; small effect size). CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone : we found differences in favour of CBT plus pharmacotherapy for the Clinical Global Impression score (MD −0.75 points, 95% CI −1.21 points to −0.30 points; 2 studies, 65 participants), self‐reported depression (MD −6.09 points, 95% CI −9.55 points to −2.63 points; 2 studies, 66 participants) and self‐reported anxiety (SMD −0.58, 95% CI −1.08 to −0.08; 2 studies, 66 participants; moderate effect size). We also observed differences favouring CBT plus pharmacotherapy (1 study, 31 participants) for clinician‐reported depression and clinician‐reported anxiety. CBT versus other specific interventions : we found no differences for any of the secondary outcomes, such as self‐reported depression and anxiety, and findings on self‐reported quality of life varied across different studies. Authors' conclusions There is low‐quality evidence that cognitive‐behavioural‐based treatments may be beneficial for treating adults with ADHD in the short term. Reductions in core symptoms of ADHD were fairly consistent across the different comparisons: in CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone and in CBT versus waiting list. There is low‐quality evidence that CBT may also improve common secondary disturbances in adults with ADHD, such as depression and anxiety. However, the paucity of long‐term follow‐up data, the heterogeneous nature of the measured outcomes, and the limited geographical location (northern hemisphere and Australia) limit the generalisability of the results. None of the included studies reported severe adverse events, but five participants receiving different modalities of CBT described some type of adverse event, such as distress and anxiety. Plain language summary Cognitive‐behavioural therapy for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults Background People with ADHD have difficulty paying attention, concentrating, dealing with hyperactivity (e.g. waiting in queues) and acting without thinking (i.e. impulsivity). In adults, ADHD significantly affects social interactions, study and employment performance. Previous studies suggest that cognitive‐behavioural therapy (CBT) could be effective for treating adults with ADHD, especially when combined with pharmacological (i.e. drug) treatment. CBT aims to change the thoughts and behaviours that reinforce the harmful effects of the disorder by teaching people techniques to control the core symptoms. CBT also aims to help people cope with emotions, such as anxiety and depression, and to improve self‐esteem. Review question Does CBT, alone or in combination with pharmacological treatment, reduce the core symptoms of ADHD in adults more than other treatments or no specific treatment? Search dates The evidence is current to June 2017. Study characteristics We found 14 randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are randomly assigned to different treatment groups) that described the effects of CBT in 700 adults with ADHD, aged between 18 and 65 years. Thirteen trials took place in the northern hemisphere and one in Australia. Of the included studies, three compared CBT versus other specific interventions and seven versus unspecific control conditions (unspecific supportive therapy, waiting list or no treatment). Additionally, two compared CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone. One trial compared CBT to two control groups, one of which was given other specific non‐pharmacological treatment and one of which was a no‐treatment control. Quality of the evidence Because of imprecision (i.e. inaccurate results), inconsistency (i.e. results differ across trials) and methodological limitations, we considered the quality of the evidence of the included studies to range from very low to moderate. Key results The findings suggest that CBT might improve the core symptoms of ADHD, reducing inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. When combined with pharmacotherapy, there was evidence of an improvement in global functioning (i.e. a person's overall level of functioning in life) and a reduction in depression and anxiety compared to that seen with pharmacotherapy alone. None of the included studies reported severe adverse events. However, five participants described some type of adverse event, such as distress and anxiety.
Surgery for nasal polyposis in cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a life‐shortening, autosomal recessive disease that leads to abnormal electrolyte concentration in exocrine secretions. Secretion stasis in paranasal sinuses determines chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) and nasal polyposis. Endoscopic sinus surgery is used to open the sinuses and allow medical treatment to work properly. Objectives To determine the effects of sinus surgery alone or in combination with medical treatment (non‐surgical) compared to medical treatment (non‐surgical) alone on both nasal and pulmonary function in people with CF diagnosed with CRS with nasal polyposis. Further, to evaluate the impact of sinus surgery (with or without medical treatment) on hospitalization rates, use of antibiotics and pulmonary exacerbation rates. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis Trials Register, compiled from electronic database searches and hand searching of journals and conference abstract books. Date of last search: 4 July 2022. We also searched other databases (Pubmed, Embase, World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), Virtual Health Library and ClinicalTrials.gov). Date of last search: 18 September 2022. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing groups who underwent endoscopic sinus surgery and groups with medical treatment alone. Data collection and analysis The review authors independently selected studies, extracted data, assessed the risk of bias and evaluated the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. They contacted the authors of the included study for additional information. Main results We identified 66 publications relating to 50 studies from electronic searches. Only one study fulfilled the inclusion criteria, and only limited information was available. In this study, 28 participants aged 19 to 28 years were randomized in equal numbers to either nasal irrigation alone or nasal irrigation with surgery (endoscopic polypectomy with extended sinusotomy). The certainty of the evidence was very low according to the GRADE approach. We are uncertain whether, compared to medical treatment alone, the addition of surgical intervention improves nasal symptoms, or reduces bacterial colonization, the use of antibiotics and pulmonary exacerbations. We are also uncertain whether the addition of surgery to medical treatment leads to changes in pulmonary function. There was one episode of bleeding during surgery that was corrected during the procedure with no further consequences. The study did not report on survival. Authors' conclusions Very low‐certainty evidence means we are not certain if endoscopic sinus surgery to treat chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis in cystic fibrosis is effective. Future research should be multicentric to increase the number of participants and increase statistical power. Adequate randomization and allocation concealment are important to guarantee that the groups are similar. Blinding, however, may not be possible in an ethical trial; even without blinding, results can achieve high‐level evidence if the outcomes used are objective parameters. Future research should follow participants of all ages for at least 12 months to evaluate the evolution of nasal polyposis, its recurrence and how symptoms may return. We also consider mortality an important outcome to be assessed. Future clinical research should consider the effects of cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulators, a new group of drugs that may affect the development of nasal polyps. Plain language summary Can endoscopic sinus surgery (i.e. surgery using a long thin tube inserted into the sinuses) help to treat nasal polyposis (soft growths in the nasal passages called polyps) in people with cystic fibrosis (CF)? Key messages We are uncertain whether nasal irrigation together with an endoscopic sinus surgery intervention improves symptoms and lung function or reduces the need for antibiotics compared to nasal irrigation alone. There was one episode of bleeding during surgery that was corrected during the procedure with no further consequences. What is CF? CF is a genetic condition that affects the lungs, nose, sinuses and several other organs in the body. The body produces thick sticky mucus that is hard to clear and causes inflammation. Many adults and children with CF have polyps in their nasal passages and sinuses as a result of this sticky mucus and the inflammation. Polyps can lead to more lung infections and a worse quality of life. How are nasal polyps in CF treated? Endoscopic sinus surgery aims to open the blocked sinuses to improve breathing and make it easier to clear mucus. It is a procedure with a few side effects (bleeding and damage to the sinuses) linked to it. Medical treatment includes a number of medicines (both inhaled and swallowed), such as antibiotics, steroids and inhaled medications with humidified oxygen. Saline solutions are also used for nasal blockages. A new group of drugs is available, called cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) modulators; these drugs are able to correct the basic defect in the CFTR protein, but it is not yet clear how they may affect nasal polyps. What did we want to find out? Is endoscopic sinus surgery alone or used together with medical treatment better than medical treatment alone for improving quality of life and lung function without complications in people with CF? We also wanted to know the effects of treatment on bacterial infections, pulmonary exacerbations (flare up of lung disease), need for additional antibiotics and survival. What did we do? We looked for studies that compared the different treatments in people who had been diagnosed with CF, polyps and chronic sinus problems. Participants had to have been put into treatment groups in a random order. What did we find? Main results We found a single study which compared nasal irrigation (with saline solution and mometasone (which is a steroid)) in 14 young adults to nasal irrigation with endoscopic sinus surgery in another 14 young adults. The 28 people taking part in the study were aged 19 to 28 years. Those who had surgery as well as using saline irrigation reported a greater improvement in nasal symptoms. They also had a greater reduction in the number of bacteria in their nasal passages, used fewer antibiotics and had fewer pulmonary exacerbations, but there was no difference in their lung function. One person bled more than usual during surgery, but that was successfully dealt with during the procedure with no further consequences. The study did not report on survival. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our overall confidence in the evidence was very low because we could not determine how participants were put into the different treatment groups and whether the investigators would know into which group a person would be put. Participants and researchers were not blinded and that could bias some outcomes, including changes in quality of life. Another reason for our low confidence in the evidence is that we found only one study which included a very small number of participants. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up‐to‐date to 4 July 2022.
Symptomatic treatment of the cough in whooping cough; Abstract - Background Around 16 million cases of whooping cough (pertussis) occur worldwide each year, mostly in low‐income countries. Much of the morbidity of whooping cough in children and adults is due to the effects of the paroxysmal cough. Cough treatments proposed include corticosteroids, beta2‐adrenergic agonists, pertussis‐specific immunoglobulin, antihistamines and possibly leukotriene receptor antagonists (LTRAs). Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of interventions to reduce the severity of paroxysmal cough in whooping cough in children and adults. Search methods We updated our searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, 2014, Issue 1), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, the Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE 2014, Issue 2), accessed from  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (1950 to 30 January 2014), EMBASE (1980 to 30 January 2014), AMED (1985 to 30 January 2014), CINAHL (1980 to 30 January 2014) and LILACS (30 January 2014). We searched Current Controlled Trials to identify trials in progress. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs of any intervention (excluding antibiotics and vaccines) to suppress the cough in whooping cough. Data collection and analysis Two review authors (SB, MT) independently selected trials, extracted data and assessed the quality of each trial for this review in 2009. Two review authors (SB, KW) independently reviewed additional studies identified by the updated searches in 2012 and 2014. The primary outcome was frequency of paroxysms of coughing. Secondary outcomes were frequency of vomiting, frequency of whoop, frequency of cyanosis (turning blue), development of serious complications, mortality from any cause, side effects due to medication, admission to hospital and duration of hospital stay.  Main results We included 12 trials of varying sample sizes (N = 9 to 135), mainly from high‐income countries, including a total of 578 participants. Ten trials recruited children (N = 448 participants). Two trials recruited adolescents and adults (N = 130 participants). We considered only three trials to be of high methodological quality (one trial each of diphenhydramine, pertussis immunoglobulin and montelukast). Included studies did not show a statistically significant benefit for any of the interventions. Only six trials, including a total of 196 participants, reported data in sufficient detail for analysis. Diphenhydramine did not change coughing episodes; the mean difference (MD) of coughing spells per 24 hours was 1.9; 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐4.7 to 8.5 (N = 49 participants from one trial). One trial on pertussis immunoglobulin reported a possible mean reduction of ‐3.1 whoops per 24 hours (95% CI ‐6.2 to 0.02, N = 47 participants) but no change in hospital stay (MD ‐0.7 days; 95% CI ‐3.8 to 2.4, N = 46 participants). Dexamethasone did not show a clear decrease in length of hospital stay (MD ‐3.5 days; 95% CI ‐15.3 to 8.4, N = 11 participants from one trial) and salbutamol showed no change in coughing paroxysms per day (MD ‐0.2; 95% CI ‐4.1 to 3.7, N = 42 participants from two trials). Only one trial comparing pertussis immunoglobulin versus placebo (N = 47 participants) reported data on adverse events: 4.3% in the treatment group (rash) versus 5.3% in the placebo group (loose stools, pain and swelling at injection site). Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of interventions for the cough in whooping cough. More high‐quality trials are needed to assess the effectiveness of potential antitussive treatments in patients with whooping cough. Plain language summary Treatment of the cough in whooping cough Review question We reviewed the evidence from 12 studies about the effect of treatments for cough in patients with whooping cough. Background We wanted to discover whether any medicines are effective at treating cough in patients with whooping cough (also known as pertussis). These medicines included pertussis immunoglobulin (antibodies to increase the body's resistance to whooping cough) and treatments already used to treat symptoms of asthma and hay fever (antihistamines, salbutamol, steroids). Patients with whooping cough may experience severe coughing bouts. These may be accompanied by whooping (the sound made when taking a deep breath in after coughing) and vomiting, which can lead to dehydration, difficulty breathing and being admitted to hospital. We aimed to find out whether any medicines are effective at reducing coughing bouts in patients with whooping cough. We also aimed to find out whether any medicines reduced whooping, vomiting, cyanosis (turning blue because of lack of oxygen), serious complications (such as strokes and seizures), admission to hospital, time spent in hospital or death (from any cause). In addition, we looked at possible side effects of the medicines. Study characteristics The evidence in this review is current up to January 2014. We included 12 studies, which included a total of 578 participants. Ten studies involved a total of 448 children and two involved a total of 130 adolescents and adults. Five studies did laboratory tests to confirm the presence of whooping cough in all participants who took part. Nine studies compared the medicine to a placebo (i.e. a 'dummy' medicine which did not contain the active ingredient being studied) and three studies compared the medicine to no treatment. Seven studies involved hospital inpatients. Three studies reported their start and finish dates; one study recruited participants over 14 months, another over 18 months and another over 31 months. Key results Six studies including 196 participants reported their results in enough detail for us to assess them. Based on these results, antihistamines (one study, 49 participants), pertussis immunoglobulin (one study, 24 participants) and salbutamol (two studies, 42 participants) did not reduce the number of coughing bouts in patients with whooping cough. Neither pertussis immunoglobulin (one study, 46 participants) nor steroids (one study, 11 participants) decreased the length of time participants spent in hospital. One study reported similar rates of side effects in participants treated with pertussis immunoglobulin (4%; rash) or placebo (5%; loose stools, pain and swelling of the skin around where the injection was given). Studies of antihistamines, salbutamol and steroids did not report any results on side effects. None of these six studies reported any results on vomiting, cyanosis, serious complications, death or admission to hospital. Quality of the evidence Overall, the quality of evidence was low and many of the studies were conducted some years ago. Only three trials reported adequate details of how the type of treatment given was properly concealed from both participants and healthcare professionals. Methods of recording numbers of coughing bouts and whoops also differed between studies. Estimates of the effects of the different treatments were imprecise due to the small numbers of participants from whom results were available. Additionally, these results may not be generalisable to adults or community settings, since most studies involved children and were done in hospital inpatient settings.
Antihistamines for the common cold; Abstract - Background The common cold is an upper respiratory tract infection, most commonly caused by a rhinovirus. It affects people of all age groups and although in most cases it is self limiting, the common cold still causes significant morbidity. Antihistamines are commonly offered over the counter to relieve symptoms for patients affected by the common cold, however there is not much evidence of their efficacy. Objectives To assess the effects of antihistamines on the common cold. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 6), MEDLINE (1948 to July week 4, 2015), EMBASE (2010 to August 2015), CINAHL (1981 to August 2015), LILACS (1982 to August 2015) and Biosis Previews (1985 to August 2015). Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) using antihistamines as monotherapy for the common cold. We excluded any studies with combination therapy or using antihistamines in patients with an allergic component in their illness. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We collected adverse effects information from the included trials. Main results We included 18 RCTs, which were reported in 17 publications (one publication reports on two trials) with 4342 participants (of which 212 were children) suffering from the common cold, both naturally occurring and experimentally induced. The interventions consisted of an antihistamine as monotherapy compared with placebo. In adults there was a short‐term beneficial effect of antihistamines on severity of overall symptoms: on day one or two of treatment 45% had a beneficial effect with antihistamines versus 38% with placebo (odds ratio (OR) 0.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.60 to 0.92). However, there was no difference between antihistamines and placebo in the mid term (three to four days) to long term (six to 10 days). When evaluating individual symptoms such as nasal congestion, rhinorrhoea and sneezing, there was some beneficial effect of the sedating antihistamines compared to placebo (e.g. rhinorrhoea on day three: mean difference (MD) ‐0.23, 95% CI ‐0.39 to ‐0.06 on a four‐ or five‐point severity scale; sneezing on day three: MD ‐0.35, 95% CI ‐0.49 to ‐0.20 on a four‐point severity scale), but this effect is clinically non‐significant. Adverse events such as sedation were more commonly reported with sedating antihistamines although the differences were not statistically significant. Only two trials included children and the results were conflicting. The majority of the trials had a low risk of bias although some lacked sufficient trial quality information. Authors' conclusions Antihistamines have a limited short‐term (days one and two of treatment) beneficial effect on severity of overall symptoms but not in the mid to long term. There is no clinically significant effect on nasal obstruction, rhinorrhoea or sneezing. Although side effects are more common with sedating antihistamines, the difference is not statistically significant. There is no evidence of effectiveness of antihistamines in children. Plain language summary Antihistamines for the common cold Review question   We reviewed evidence for the effectiveness of antihistamines on signs and symptoms of the common cold. We identified 18 trials with 4342 participants. Background   On average, young children have six to eight colds per year and adults have two to four. Common cold symptoms include sore throat, nasal stuffiness and discharge, sneezing and cough. It is caused by viruses and usually resolves by itself within one to two weeks. However, the common cold has a large impact on time off work or school. As there is no cure for the common cold, only symptomatic treatment is available. Antihistamines are effective for allergic symptoms such as hay fever. Nasal symptoms of hay fever are similar to common cold symptoms and so trials have been conducted to see whether antihistamines improve common cold symptoms. Study characteristics   The evidence is current to August 2015. The participants were adults or children with a common cold. We excluded studies with participants suffering from hay fever, asthma or eczema. The effect of different antihistamines was compared to placebo. A beneficial effect meant a decrease in the severity or duration of the general feeling of illness and/or of specific symptoms such as stuffy nose, runny nose or sneezing. We also investigated whether side effects were more common with antihistamines than placebo. As the common cold usually resolves in seven to 10 days, most studies were of short duration. Where possible we studied the immediate effect and the effect after six to 10 days. Most studies were of good quality although in some studies information to allow us to assess quality was lacking. We considered five out of 16 adults studies and one out of two paediatric studies to be of excellent quality. All trials outlined the financial support received from pharmaceutical companies in the form of grants, supplying the respective intervention drug or having an author currently employed by a pharmaceutical company. Key results   In adults, there is a short‐term beneficial effect on severity of overall symptoms on the first or second day of treatment (45% felt better versus 38% with placebo), but there was no difference between antihistamines and placebo in the mid to long term. The effect of sedating antihistamines on rhinorrhoea and sneezing is too small to be relevant to the patient and involves a risk of side effects such as sedation (9% versus 5.2% with placebo). Trials in children were smaller and of lower quality and lacked evidence of effectiveness.
Interventions to support the resilience and mental health of frontline health and social care professionals during and after a disease outbreak, epidemic or pandemic: a mixed methods systematic review; Abstract - Background Evidence from disease epidemics shows that healthcare workers are at risk of developing short‐ and long‐term mental health problems. The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned about the potential negative impact of the COVID‐19 crisis on the mental well‐being of health and social care professionals. Symptoms of mental health problems commonly include depression, anxiety, stress, and additional cognitive and social problems; these can impact on function in the workplace. The mental health and resilience (ability to cope with the negative effects of stress) of frontline health and social care professionals ('frontline workers' in this review) could be supported during disease epidemics by workplace interventions, interventions to support basic daily needs, psychological support interventions, pharmacological interventions, or a combination of any or all of these. Objectives Objective 1: to assess the effects of interventions aimed at supporting the resilience and mental health of frontline health and social care professionals during and after a disease outbreak, epidemic or pandemic. Objective 2: to identify barriers and facilitators that may impact on the implementation of interventions aimed at supporting the resilience and mental health of frontline health and social care professionals during and after a disease outbreak, epidemic or pandemic. Search methods On 28 May 2020 we searched the  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews , CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, PsycINFO, CINAHL, Global Index Medicus databases and WHO Institutional Repository for Information Sharing. We also searched ongoing trials registers and Google Scholar. We ran all searches from the year 2002 onwards, with no language restrictions. Selection criteria We included studies in which participants were health and social care professionals working at the front line during infectious disease outbreaks, categorised as epidemics or pandemics by WHO, from 2002 onwards. For objective 1 we included quantitative evidence from randomised trials, non‐randomised trials, controlled before‐after studies and interrupted time series studies, which investigated the effect of any intervention to support mental health or resilience, compared to no intervention, standard care, placebo or attention control intervention, or other active interventions. For objective 2 we included qualitative evidence from studies that described barriers and facilitators to the implementation of interventions. Outcomes critical to this review were general mental health and resilience. Additional outcomes included psychological symptoms of anxiety, depression or stress; burnout; other mental health disorders; workplace staffing; and adverse events arising from interventions. Data collection and analysis Pairs of review authors independently applied selection criteria to abstracts and full papers, with disagreements resolved through discussion. One review author systematically extracted data, cross‐checked by a second review author. For objective 1, we assessed risk of bias of studies of effectiveness using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. For objective 2, we assessed methodological limitations using either the CASP (Critical Appraisal Skills Programme) qualitative study tool, for qualitative studies, or WEIRD (Ways of Evaluating Important and Relevant Data) tool, for descriptive studies. We planned meta‐analyses of pairwise comparisons for outcomes if direct evidence were available. Two review authors extracted evidence relating to barriers and facilitators to implementation, organised these around the domains of the Consolidated Framework of Implementation Research, and used the GRADE‐CERQual approach to assess confidence in each finding. We planned to produce an overarching synthesis, bringing quantitative and qualitative findings together. Main results We included 16 studies that reported implementation of an intervention aimed at supporting the resilience or mental health of frontline workers during disease outbreaks (severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS): 2; Ebola: 9; Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS): 1; COVID‐19: 4). Interventions studied included workplace interventions, such as training, structure and communication (6 studies); psychological support interventions, such as counselling and psychology services (8 studies); and multifaceted interventions (2 studies). Objective 1: a mixed‐methods study that incorporated a cluster‐randomised trial, investigating the effect of a work‐based intervention, provided very low‐certainty evidence about the effect of training frontline healthcare workers to deliver psychological first aid on a measure of burnout. Objective 2: we included all 16 studies in our qualitative evidence synthesis; we classified seven as qualitative and nine as descriptive studies. We identified 17 key findings from multiple barriers and facilitators reported in studies. We did not have high confidence in any of the findings; we had moderate confidence in six findings and low to very low confidence in 11 findings. We are moderately confident that the following two factors were barriers to intervention implementation: frontline workers, or the organisations in which they worked, not being fully aware of what they needed to support their mental well‐being; and a lack of equipment, staff time or skills needed for an intervention. We are moderately confident that the following three factors were facilitators of intervention implementation: interventions that could be adapted for local needs; having effective communication, both formally and socially; and having positive, safe and supportive learning environments for frontline workers. We are moderately confident that the knowledge or beliefs, or both, that people have about an intervention can act as either barriers or facilitators to implementation of the intervention. Authors' conclusions There is a lack of both quantitative and qualitative evidence from studies carried out during or after disease epidemics and pandemics that can inform the selection of interventions that are beneficial to the resilience and mental health of frontline workers. Alternative sources of evidence (e.g. from other healthcare crises, and general evidence about interventions that support mental well‐being) could therefore be used to inform decision making. When selecting interventions aimed at supporting frontline workers' mental health, organisational, social, personal, and psychological factors may all be important. Research to determine the effectiveness of interventions is a high priority. The COVID‐19 pandemic provides unique opportunities for robust evaluation of interventions. Future studies must be developed with appropriately rigorous planning, including development, peer review and transparent reporting of research protocols, following guidance and standards for best practice, and with appropriate length of follow‐up. Factors that may act as barriers and facilitators to implementation of interventions should be considered during the planning of future research and when selecting interventions to deliver within local settings. Plain language summary What is the best way to support resilience and mental well‐being in frontline healthcare professionals during and after a pandemic? What is ‘resilience’? Working as a 'frontline' health or social care professional during a global disease pandemic, like COVID‐19, can be very stressful. Over time, the negative effects of stress can lead to mental health problems such as depression and anxiety, which, in turn, may affect work, family and other social relationships. ‘Resilience’ is the ability to cope with the negative effects of stress and so avoid mental health problems and their wider effects. Healthcare providers can use various strategies (interventions) to support resilience and mental well‐being in their frontline healthcare professionals. These could include work‐based interventions, such as changing routines or improving equipment; or psychological support interventions, such as counselling. What did we want to find out? First (objective 1), we wanted to know how successfully any interventions improved frontline health professionals’ resilience or mental well‐being. Second (objective 2), we wanted to know what made it easier (facilitators) or harder (barriers) to deliver these interventions. What did we do? We searched medical databases for any kind of study that investigated interventions designed to support resilience and mental well‐being in healthcare professionals working at the front line during infectious disease outbreaks. The disease outbreaks had to be classified by the World Health Organization (WHO) as epidemics or pandemics, and take place from 2002 onwards (the year before the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak). What did we find? We found 16 relevant studies. These studies came from different disease outbreaks ‐ two were from SARS; nine from Ebola; one from Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS); and four from COVID‐19. The studies mainly looked at workplace interventions that involved either psychological support (for example, counselling or seeing a psychologist) or work‐based interventions (for example, giving training, or changing routines). Objective 1: one study investigated how well an intervention worked. This study was carried out immediately after the Ebola outbreak, and investigated whether staff who were training to give other people (such as patients and their family members) 'psychological first aid' felt less ‘burnt out’. We had some concerns about the results that this study reported and about some of its methods. This means that our certainty of the evidence is very low and we cannot say whether the intervention helped or not. Objective 2: all 16 studies provided some evidence about barriers and facilitators to implement interventions. We found 17 main findings from these studies. We do not have high confidence in any of the findings; we had moderate confidence in six findings and low to very low confidence in 11 findings. We are moderately confident that the following two factors were barriers to implementation of an intervention: frontline workers, or the organisations in which they worked, not being fully aware of what they needed to support their mental well‐being; and a lack of equipment, staff time or skills needed for an intervention. We are moderately confident that the following three factors were facilitators to implementation of an intervention: interventions that could be adapted for a local area; having effective communication, both formally within an organisation and informal or social networks; and having positive, safe and supportive learning environments for frontline healthcare professionals. We are moderately confident that the knowledge and beliefs that frontline healthcare professionals have about an intervention can either help or hinder implementation of the intervention. Key messages We did not find any evidence that tells us about how well different strategies work at supporting the resilience and mental well‐being of frontline workers. We found some limited evidence about things that might help successful delivery of interventions. Properly planned research studies to find out the best ways to support the resilience and mental well‐being of health and social care workers are urgently required. How up‐to‐date is this review? This review includes studies published up to 28 May 2020.
Cyclamen europaeum extract for acute sinusitis; Abstract - Background Acute sinusitis is a common reason for primary care encounters. It causes significant symptoms including facial pain, congested nose, headache, thick nasal mucus, fever, and cough and often results in time off work or school. Sinusitis treatment focuses on eliminating causative factors and controlling the inflammatory and infectious components. The frozen, dried, natural fluid extract of the  Cyclamen europaeum  plant delivered intranasally is thought to have beneficial effects in relieving congestion by facilitating nasal drainage, and has an anti‐inflammatory effect. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of topical intranasal  Cyclamen europaeum  extract on clinical response in adults and children with acute sinusitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, which includes the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE, Embase, and trials registers (ClinicalTrials.gov; WHO ICTRP) in January 2018. We also searched the reference lists of included studies and review literature for further relevant studies and contacted trial authors for additional information. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing  Cyclamen europaeum  extract administered intranasally to placebo, antibiotics, intranasal corticosteroids, or no treatment in adults or children, or both, with acute sinusitis. Acute sinusitis was defined by clinical diagnosis and confirmed by nasal endoscopy or by radiological evidence. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included two randomised controlled trials that involved a total of 147 adult outpatients with acute sinusitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy who were assigned to  Cyclamen europaeum  nasal spray or placebo study arms for up to 15 days. The risk of selection and detection bias was unclear, as allocation concealment and blinding of outcome assessors were not reported in either study. Attrition was high (60%) in one study, although dropouts were balanced between study arms. Neither study reported our two primary outcomes: proportion of participants whose symptoms resolved or improved at 14 days and 30 days. No serious adverse events or complications related to treatment were reported; however, more mild adverse events such as nasal and throat irritation, mild epistaxis, and sneezing occurred in  Cyclamen europaeum  group participants (50%) compared to placebo group participants (24%) (risk ratio 2.11, 95% confidence interval 1.35 to 3.29); moderate‐quality evidence. Authors' conclusions The effectiveness of  Cyclamen europaeum  for people with acute sinusitis is unknown. Although no serious side effects were observed, 50% of participants who received  Cyclamen europaeum  reported adverse events compared with 24% of those who received placebo. Plain language summary Is  Cyclamen europaeum  extract effective for people with acute sinusitis? Review question We assessed the effectiveness of  Cyclamen europaeum  frozen, dried, natural fluid extract, an herbal medicine from the tuber of  Cyclamen europaeum , given as a nasal spray compared with sham treatment (placebo) to resolve or improve acute sinusitis in adults and children. Background Acute sinusitis is a common condition that occurs when the bone cavities in the vicinity of the nose become inflamed from infection. Symptoms can include thick nasal mucus, congested nose, facial pain, headache, fever, and cough. Symptoms last up to eight weeks in adults and up to 12 weeks in children. Acute sinusitis is most often caused by viruses; complications can occur if the infection spreads. Acute sinusitis is a common condition that imposes significant costs. A range of conservative treatments are available to treat acute sinusitis. Antibiotics are commonly prescribed, but clinical guidelines disagree about when antibiotics should be given to treat acute sinusitis. The few studies on  Cyclamen europaeum  extract given as nasal spray suggest that it may help by relieving nasal congestion. Search date The evidence is current to 18 January 2018. Study characteristics We included two studies involving 147 adults with acute sinusitis. Participants were randomly allocated to receive  Cyclamen europaeum  delivered as an intranasal spray or a non‐active substance for up to 15 days. Study funding sources Pharmaceutical companies funded both studies. Key results We wanted to find out the proportion of participants whose symptoms resolved or improved up to 14 days and 30 days, but did not find any evidence. The included studies provided data for changes in symptom scores for acute sinusitis with treatment. One study reported improvement in facial pain up to seven days. Neither study reported complications or days off school or work. People who received  Cyclamen europaeum  rather than a non‐active substance reported more side effects like nasal irritation, sneezing, and mild nasal bleeding. No major side effects occurred. We found no evidence as to whether  Cyclamen europaeum  is effective or not. Quality of the evidence We assessed the quality of both studies and judged the evidence to be moderately reliable for the only outcome that could be assessed, that is side effects. One study had a high dropout rate (60%), but dropouts were described and balanced between study arms. We found consistent results between studies for adverse events. Neither study reported whether the outcomes assessors knew which treatments the participants received. Due to the small number of participants and weaknesses in study design, we cannot be sure of the result.
Primary prophylactic colony‐stimulating factors for the prevention of chemotherapy‐induced febrile neutropenia in breast cancer patients; Abstract - Background High‐dose or dose‐intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy often causes myelosuppression and severe neutropenia among cancer patients. Severe neutropenia accompanied by fever, named febrile neutropenia (FN), is the most serious manifestation of neutropenia usually requiring hospitalization and intravenous antibiotics. FN and neutropenia can lead to chemotherapy treatment delays or dose reductions, which potentially compromises the effectiveness of cancer treatment and prospects for a cure. Granulocyte‐macrophage (GM) and granulocyte colony‐stimulating factors (G‐CSFs) are administered during chemotherapy in order to prevent or reduce the incidence or the duration of FN and neutropenia. Objectives To assess the effect of prophylactic colony‐stimulating factors (CSFs) in reducing the incidence and duration of FN, and all‐cause and infection‐related mortality during chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, HEALTHSTAR, International Health Technology Assessment, SOMED, AMED and BIOSIS up to 8 August 2011. We also searched three Chinese databases (VIP, CNKI, CBM), the metaRegister of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization's International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) and OpenGrey.eu up to August 2011. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing CSFs (any dose) with placebo or no treatment in patients with breast cancer at any stage, at risk of developing FN while undergoing any type of chemotherapy. Data collection and analysis We used pooled risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for binary outcomes. At least two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Trial authors were contacted for further details when information was unclear. Main results We included eight RCTs involving 2156 participants with different stages of breast cancer and chemotherapy regimens. The trials were carried out between 1995 and 2008 and judged as being at least at moderate risk of bias. The strength of the evidence was weak for the majority of outcomes, which was mostly because of the small numbers of evaluable patients, varying definitions, as well as unclear measurements of the trials' outcomes and uncertain influences of supportive treatments on them. In most trials, the chemotherapy regimens had a risk of FN that was below the threshold at which current guidelines recommend routine primary prophylaxis with CSFs. Using CSFs significantly reduced the proportion of patients with FN (RR 0.27; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.70; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 12) but there was substantial heterogeneity which can be explained by possible differential effects of G‐CSFs and GM‐CSFs and different definitions of FN. A significant reduction in early mortality was observed in CSF‐treated patients compared to placebo or no treatment (RR 0.32; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.77; NNTB 79). This finding was based on 23 fatal events in 2143 patients; wherein 19 of these 23 events occurred in one study and 17 events were attributed to progression of the disease by the study authors. For infection‐related mortality, there were no significant differences between CSF and control groups (RR 0.14; 95% CI 0.02 to 1.29). In CSF‐treated patients, the risk for hospitalization was significantly reduced (RR 0.14; 95% CI 0.06 to 0.30; NNTB 13), as well as the use of intravenous antibiotics (RR 0.35; 95% CI 0.22 to 0.55; NNTB 18). The risks of severe neutropenia, infection or not maintaining the scheduled dose of chemotherapy did not differ between CSF‐treated and control groups. CSFs frequently led to bone pain (RR 5.88; 95% CI 2.54 to 13.60; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 3) and injection‐site reactions (RR 3.59; 95% CI 2.33 to 5.53; NNTH 3). Authors' conclusions In patients with breast cancer receiving chemotherapy, CSFs have shown evidence of beneﬁt in the prevention of FN. There is evidence, though less reliable, of a decrease of all‐cause mortality during chemotherapy and a reduced need for hospital care. No reliable evidence was found for a reduction of infection‐related mortality, a higher dose intensity of chemotherapy with CSFs or diminished rates of severe neutropenia and infections. The majority of adverse events reported from CSF use were bone pain and injection‐site reactions but no conclusions could be drawn regarding late‐term side effects. Plain language summary Prophylactic colony‐stimulating factors to prevent infectious complications in patients with breast cancer undergoing chemotherapy Patients with breast cancer receiving chemotherapy have an increased risk of infection mediated through a low number of protective white blood cells (neutropenia). Neutropenia is a common toxicity of many chemotherapy agents and is caused by the suppression of the bone marrow. The first sign of infection is usually a fever, which indicates a potentially life‐threatening condition if it occurs during severe neutropenia (febrile neutropenia (FN)). FN requires hospital care including the administration of intravenous antibiotics and possible delays in the continuation of chemotherapy. Colony‐stimulating factors (CSFs) are drugs administered during chemotherapy in order to prevent or reduce the incidence or duration of FN and neutropenia. This review included eight trials in which 2156 patients with breast cancer had randomly received CSFs or placebo or no treatment during chemotherapy. These trials were carried out between 1995 and 2008. Prophylactic treatment with CSFs significantly reduced the risk of developing FN by 73%. The estimated number of patients needed to be treated with CSFs in order to prevent one event of FN was 12. Although a significant decrease in mortality of all causes during chemotherapy and CSF therapy was noted, there was no reduction in infection‐related mortality. There was no significant effect observed that planned chemotherapy schedules could be better maintained if CSFs were administered or that the number of patients with neutropenia decreased with CSFs. Notably, CSFs significantly reduced the need for hospital care yet frequently caused short‐term adverse effects like bone pain and injection‐site reactions. There were several limitations in this analysis: only a few trials could be included, the number of patients was low in many of these trials, and disease stages and chemotherapy treatments varied considerably. Moreover, the trial authors defined their outcomes differently, making comparisons across studies difficult. Information on the primary and secondary outcomes could not be obtained from all trials and the overall reporting quality was low. Many studies were dated and hence the administration of CSFs did not comply with current recommendations. Overall, CSFs have shown moderate evidence of beneﬁt in the prevention of FN in patients with breast cancer receiving chemotherapy. The evidence that the administration of CSFs could reduce early mortality of all causes was weak and substantiates the need of further studies. There was no reduction in risk of infection‐related mortality with CSF treatment.
Vaccines for measles, mumps, rubella, and varicella in children; Abstract - Background Measles, mumps, rubella, and varicella (chickenpox) are serious diseases that can lead to serious complications, disability, and death. However, public debate over the safety of the trivalent MMR vaccine and the resultant drop in vaccination coverage in several countries persists, despite its almost universal use and accepted effectiveness. This is an update of a review published in 2005 and updated in 2012. Objectives To assess the effectiveness, safety, and long‐ and short‐term adverse effects associated with the trivalent vaccine, containing measles, rubella, mumps strains (MMR), or concurrent administration of MMR vaccine and varicella vaccine (MMR+V), or tetravalent vaccine containing measles, rubella, mumps, and varicella strains (MMRV), given to children aged up to 15 years. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (the Cochrane Library 2019, Issue 5), which includes the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to 2 May 2019), Embase (1974 to 2 May 2019), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (2 May 2019), and ClinicalTrials.gov (2 May 2019). Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), controlled clinical trials (CCTs), prospective and retrospective cohort studies (PCS/RCS), case‐control studies (CCS), interrupted time‐series (ITS) studies, case cross‐over (CCO) studies, case‐only ecological method (COEM) studies, self‐controlled case series (SCCS) studies, person‐time cohort (PTC) studies, and case‐coverage design/screening methods (CCD/SM) studies, assessing any combined MMR or MMRV / MMR+V vaccine given in any dose, preparation or time schedule compared with no intervention or placebo, on healthy children up to 15 years of age. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the methodological quality of the included studies. We grouped studies for quantitative analysis according to study design, vaccine type (MMR, MMRV, MMR+V), virus strain, and study settings. Outcomes of interest were cases of measles, mumps, rubella, and varicella, and harms. Certainty of evidence of was rated using GRADE. Main results We included 138 studies (23,480,668 participants). Fifty‐one studies (10,248,159 children) assessed vaccine effectiveness and 87 studies (13,232,509 children) assessed the association between vaccines and a variety of harms. We included 74 new studies to this 2019 version of the review.  Effectiveness  Vaccine effectiveness in preventing measles was 95% after one dose (relative risk (RR) 0.05, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.13; 7 cohort studies; 12,039 children; moderate certainty evidence) and 96% after two doses (RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.28; 5 cohort studies; 21,604 children; moderate certainty evidence). The effectiveness in preventing cases among household contacts or preventing transmission to others the children were in contact with after one dose was 81% (RR 0.19, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.89; 3 cohort studies; 151 children; low certainty evidence), after two doses 85% (RR 0.15, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.75; 3 cohort studies; 378 children; low certainty evidence), and after three doses was 96% (RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.23; 2 cohort studies; 151 children; low certainty evidence). The effectiveness (at least one dose) in preventing measles after exposure (post‐exposure prophylaxis) was 74% (RR 0.26, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.50; 2 cohort studies; 283 children; low certainty evidence). The effectiveness of Jeryl Lynn containing MMR vaccine in preventing mumps was 72% after one dose (RR 0.24, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.76; 6 cohort studies; 9915 children; moderate certainty evidence), 86% after two doses (RR 0.12, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.35; 5 cohort studies; 7792 children; moderate certainty evidence). Effectiveness in preventing cases among household contacts was 74% (RR 0.26, 95% CI 0.13 to 0.49; 3 cohort studies; 1036 children; moderate certainty evidence).  Vaccine effectiveness against rubella, using a vaccine with the BRD2 strain which is only used in China, is 89% (RR 0.11, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.42; 1 cohort study; 1621 children; moderate certainty evidence).  Vaccine effectiveness against varicella (any severity) after two doses in children aged 11 to 22 months is 95% in a 10 years follow‐up (rate ratio (rr) 0.05, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.08; 1 RCT; 2279 children; high certainty evidence).  Safety  There is evidence supporting an association between aseptic meningitis and MMR vaccines containing Urabe and Leningrad‐Zagreb mumps strains, but no evidence supporting this association for MMR vaccines containing Jeryl Lynn mumps strains (rr 1.30, 95% CI 0.66 to 2.56; low certainty evidence). The analyses provide evidence supporting an association between MMR/MMR+V/MMRV vaccines (Jeryl Lynn strain) and febrile seizures. Febrile seizures normally occur in 2% to 4% of healthy children at least once before the age of 5. The attributable risk febrile seizures vaccine‐induced is estimated to be from 1 per 1700 to 1 per 1150 administered doses. The analyses provide evidence supporting an association between MMR vaccination and idiopathic thrombocytopaenic purpura (ITP). However, the risk of ITP after vaccination is smaller than after natural infection with these viruses. Natural infection of ITP occur in 5 cases per 100,000 (1 case per 20,000) per year. The attributable risk is estimated about 1 case of ITP per 40,000 administered MMR doses. There is no evidence of an association between MMR immunisation and encephalitis or encephalopathy (rate ratio 0.90, 95% CI 0.50 to 1.61; 2 observational studies; 1,071,088 children; low certainty evidence), and autistic spectrum disorders (rate ratio 0.93, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.01; 2 observational studies; 1,194,764 children; moderate certainty). There is insufficient evidence to determine the association between MMR immunisation and inflammatory bowel disease (odds ratio 1.42, 95% CI 0.93 to 2.16; 3 observational studies; 409 cases and 1416 controls; moderate certainty evidence). Additionally, there is no evidence supporting an association between MMR immunisation and cognitive delay, type 1 diabetes, asthma, dermatitis/eczema, hay fever, leukaemia, multiple sclerosis, gait disturbance, and bacterial or viral infections.  Authors' conclusions Existing evidence on the safety and effectiveness of MMR/MMRV vaccines support their use for mass immunisation. Campaigns aimed at global eradication should assess epidemiological and socioeconomic situations of the countries as well as the capacity to achieve high vaccination coverage. More evidence is needed to assess whether the protective effect of MMR/MMRV could wane with time since immunisation. Plain language summary Does the measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (MMRV) vaccine protect children, and does it cause harmful effects? Background Measles, mumps, rubella (German measles) and varicella (chickenpox) are infectious diseases caused by viruses. They are most common in children and young adults. They are not always serious, but can cause disability (such as deafness), complications and death. If pregnant women catch rubella, it may cause loss (miscarriage) of, or harm to, their unborn babies.  A vaccine is a medicine that prevents infection by a specific disease. The MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine protects people against all three of these infections (a combined vaccine). Doctors can vaccinate against chickenpox at the same time by mixing the chickenpox (varicella) vaccine with the MMR vaccine (MMRV) or giving it separately at the same time (MMR+V).  The MMR vaccine has reduced measles, mumps and rubella infections. However, some people think the MMR vaccine causes unwanted effects such as autism, swelling of the brain (encephalitis), meningitis, learning difficulties, type 1 diabetes, and other conditions. As a result, the number of children being vaccinated has fallen.  This is the 2019 update of a review first published in 2005 and previously updated in 2012.   Review question We wanted to find out how effectively MMR, MMR+V and MMRV vaccines stop children (up to 15 years old) from catching measles, mumps, rubella and chickenpox. We also wanted to know if the vaccines cause unwanted effects. Study characteristics We looked for studies that assessed MMR, MMRV or MMR+V vaccines, given in any dose or time schedule, compared with not giving the vaccine, or giving a placebo vaccine (a sham treatment), to healthy children up to 15 years old. Studies needed to measure the number of cases of measles, mumps, rubella and chickenpox, and report whether children suffered any unwanted effects attributable to vaccination. We checked each study to make sure it used robust methods so that we could judge how reliable its results were. Results  We found 138 studies with more than 23 million children. Fifty‐one studies (10 million children) assessed how effective the vaccines were at preventing the diseases, and 87 studies (13 million children) assessed unwanted effects. In this 2020 update we have included 74 new studies published since 2012.   Measles:  results from seven studies (12,000 children) showed that one dose of vaccine was 95% effective in preventing measles. Seven per cent of unvaccinated children would catch measles and this number would fall to less than 0.5% of children who receive one dose of vaccine.   Mumps:  results from six studies (9915 children) showed that one dose of vaccine was 72% effective in preventing mumps. This rose to 86% after two doses, (3 studies, 7792 children). In unvaccinated children, 7.4% would catch mumps and this would fall to 1% if children were vaccinated with two doses.  The results for  rubella  (1 study, 1621 children) and  chickenpox  (one study, 2279 children) also showed that vaccines are effective. After one dose, vaccination was 89% effective in preventing rubella, using a vaccine with the BRD2 strain which is only used in China, and after 10 years the MMRV vaccine was 95% effective at preventing chickenpox infection.   Unwanted effects  Overall, the studies found that MMR, MMRV and MMR+V vaccines did not cause autism (2 studies 1,194,764 children), encephalitis (2 studies 1,071,088 children) or any other suspected unwanted effect. Our analyses showed very small risks of fits due to high temperature or fever (febrile seizures) around two weeks after vaccination, and of a condition where blood does not clot normally (idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura) in vaccinated children.   Certainty of the evidence Our certainty (confidence) in the evidence is slightly limited by the design of most of the studies. Nonetheless, we judged the certainty of the evidence for the effectiveness of the MMR vaccine to be moderate, and that for the varicella vaccine to be high. Our certainty in the evidence for autism and febrile seizures was also moderate. Conclusions Our review shows that MMR, MMRV and MMR+V vaccines are effective in preventing the infection of children by measles, mumps, rubella and chickenpox, with no evidence of an increased risk of autism or encephalitis and a small risk of febrile seizure. Search date This review includes evidence published up to 2 May 2019.
Anticholinergic burden (prognostic factor) for prediction of dementia or cognitive decline in older adults with no known cognitive syndrome; Abstract - Background Medications with anticholinergic properties are commonly prescribed to older adults. The cumulative anticholinergic effect of all the medications a person takes is referred to as the 'anticholinergic burden' because of its potential to cause adverse effects. It is possible that high anticholinergic burden may be a risk factor for development of cognitive decline or dementia. There are various scales available to measure anticholinergic burden but agreement between them is often poor. Objectives To assess whether anticholinergic burden, as defined at the level of each individual scale, is a prognostic factor for future cognitive decline or dementia in cognitively unimpaired older adults. Search methods We searched the following databases from inception to 24 March 2021: MEDLINE (OvidSP), Embase (OvidSP), PsycINFO (OvidSP), CINAHL (EBSCOhost), and ISI Web of Science Core Collection (ISI Web of Science). Selection criteria We included prospective and retrospective longitudinal cohort and case‐control observational studies with a minimum of one year' follow‐up that examined the association between an anticholinergic burden measurement scale and future cognitive decline or dementia in cognitively unimpaired older adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, and undertook data extraction, assessment of risk of bias, and GRADE assessment. We extracted odds ratios (OR) and hazard ratios, with 95% confidence intervals (CI), and linear data on the association between anticholinergic burden and cognitive decline or dementia. We intended to pool each metric separately; however, only OR‐based data were suitable for pooling via a random‐effects meta‐analysis. We initially established adjusted and unadjusted pooled rates for each available anticholinergic scale; then, as an exploratory analysis, established pooled rates on the prespecified association across scales. We examined variability based on severity of anticholinergic burden. Main results We identified 25 studies that met our inclusion criteria (968,428 older adults). Twenty studies were conducted in the community care setting, two in primary care clinics, and three in secondary care settings. Eight studies (320,906 participants) provided suitable data for meta‐analysis. The Anticholinergic Cognitive Burden scale (ACB scale) was the only scale with sufficient data for 'scale‐based' meta‐analysis. Unadjusted ORs suggested an increased risk for cognitive decline or dementia in older adults with an anticholinergic burden (OR 1.47, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.96) and adjusted ORs similarly suggested an increased risk for anticholinergic burden, defined according to the ACB scale (OR 2.63, 95% CI 1.09 to 6.29). Exploratory analysis combining adjusted ORs across available scales supported these results (OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.38 to 3.38), and there was evidence of variability in risk based on severity of anticholinergic burden (ACB scale 1: OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.11 to 4.29; ACB scale 2: OR 2.71, 95% CI 2.01 to 3.56; ACB scale 3: OR 3.27, 95% CI 1.41 to 7.61); however, overall GRADE evaluation of certainty of the evidence was low. Authors' conclusions There is low‐certainty evidence that older adults without cognitive impairment who take medications with anticholinergic effects may be at increased risk of cognitive decline or dementia. Plain language summary The impact of medications with anticholinergic effects on future problems with memory and thinking What was the aim of this review? Medicines can be classified by their ability to block the action of a chemical signalling system in the body called the cholinergic system. Medicines that do this are said to have anticholinergic effects. There are various measurement scales to quantify the effects of anticholinergic medicines. The overall anticholinergic effect caused by all the anticholinergic medications a person is taking is referred to as 'anticholinergic burden.' We aimed to investigate if older people who have no problems with memory or thinking are more likely to develop dementia when prescribed anticholinergic medicines than people who are not prescribed these medicines. Anticholinergic burden ratings can vary with the scale used because different scales score medicines in different ways. Therefore, we also wanted to know if any particular anticholinergic burden measurement scale was more strongly associated with increased risk of dementia than other scales. Key messages There may be a link between anticholinergic medicine use and future risk of dementia. However, there are limitations in the published evidence, and we cannot say definitively if dementia is caused by the anticholinergic medicines themselves or by other factors. There were too few studies to allow us to compare the various anticholinergic measurement tools. What was studied in the review? There are more than 40 million older people worldwide living with dementia. These numbers are expected to rise to over 100 million by 2050 and at present there are very limited treatment options available. Therefore, it is important to identify factors that may increase the risk of dementia. Because the cholinergic system in the brain plays an important role in learning and memory, there are theoretical reasons to believe that medications with anticholinergic effects could cause future dementia. Research has suggested that these medications may have unintended effects on memory and thinking, potentially resulting in dementia. If this is the case, one way to reduce the numbers of older people who develop dementia may be to avoid prescribing these medicines. Many commonly used medications have anticholinergic effects, for example medications for hay fever, insomnia (difficulty getting to sleep or staying asleep for long enough to feel refreshed), and depression. In this review, we investigated the link between anticholinergic medicines, as measured by various measurement scales, and future dementia. What were the main results of the review? We found 25 studies, including 968,428 people aged 50 years or more. Despite the relatively large number of studies, differences in design and methods only allowed us to combine a few of them in analyses. We found that there is a consistent link between use of anticholinergic medicines and risk of future dementia. We cannot say if these medicines play a causal role; however, if they do, taking these medicines could potentially double a person's risk of dementia. Of the anticholinergic measurement scales available, we could assess one commonly used tool – the 'Anticholinergic Cognitive Burden scale.' If this scale identified someone as having high anticholinergic burden, the risk of future dementia was more than two times higher than for someone with no anticholinergic burden. The evidence included in this review was of a low quality overall and may have exaggerated the strength of the association between anticholinergic medicines and dementia. For example, anticholinergic medicines may be prescribed for the early symptoms of dementia. This would give a strong link but would not imply that the medicine caused the memory problems. Similarly, there is a risk that studies are only published when they show an association between anticholinergic medicines and future dementia. It may be that the only way to truly establish if anticholinergic medications are associated with future dementia would be to conduct a study where some people have their anticholinergic medications stopped or changed to an alternative and others continue their usual medications. How up to date was this review? We searched for studies published up to 24 March 2021.
Reflectance confocal microscopy for diagnosing keratinocyte skin cancers in adults; Abstract - Background Early accurate detection of all skin cancer types is important to guide appropriate management and improve morbidity and survival. Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is usually a localised skin cancer but with potential to infiltrate and damage surrounding tissue, whereas cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) and melanoma are higher risk skin cancers with the potential to metastasise and ultimately lead to death. When used in conjunction with clinical or dermoscopic suspicion of malignancy, or both, reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) may help to identify cancers eligible for non‐surgical treatment without the need for a diagnostic biopsy, particularly in people with suspected BCC. Any potential benefit must be balanced against the risk of any misdiagnoses. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of RCM for the detection of BCC, cSCC, or any skin cancer in adults with any suspicious lesion and lesions that are difficult to diagnose (equivocal); and to compare its accuracy with that of usual practice (visual inspection or dermoscopy, or both). Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; MEDLINE; Embase; CINAHL; CPCI; Zetoc; Science Citation Index; US National Institutes of Health Ongoing Trials Register; NIHR Clinical Research Network Portfolio Database; and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. We studied reference lists and published systematic review articles. Selection criteria Studies of any design that evaluated the accuracy of RCM alone, or RCM in comparison to visual inspection or dermoscopy, or both, in adults with lesions suspicious for skin cancer compared with a reference standard of either histological confirmation or clinical follow‐up, or both. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data using a standardised data extraction and quality assessment form (based on QUADAS‐2). We contacted authors of included studies where information related to the target condition or diagnostic threshold were missing. We estimated summary sensitivities and specificities using the bivariate hierarchical model. For computation of likely numbers of true‐positive, false‐positive, false‐negative, and true‐negative findings in the 'Summary of findings' tables, we applied summary sensitivity and specificity estimates to lower quartile, median and upper quartiles of the prevalence observed in the study groups. We also investigated the impact of observer experience. Main results The review included 10 studies reporting on 11 study cohorts. All 11 cohorts reported data for the detection of BCC, including 2037 lesions (464 with BCC); and four cohorts reported data for the detection of cSCC, including 834 lesions (71 with cSCC). Only one study also reported data for the detection of BCC or cSCC using dermoscopy, limiting comparisons between RCM and dermoscopy. Studies were at high or unclear risk of bias across almost all methodological quality domains, and were of high or unclear concern regarding applicability of the evidence. Selective participant recruitment, unclear blinding of the reference test, and exclusions due to image quality or technical difficulties were observed. It was unclear whether studies were representative of populations eligible for testing with RCM, and test interpretation was often undertaken using images, remotely from the participant and the interpreter blinded to clinical information that would normally be available in practice. Meta‐analysis found RCM to be more sensitive but less specific for the detection of BCC in studies of participants with equivocal lesions (sensitivity 94%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 79% to 98%; specificity 85%, 95% CI 72% to 92%; 3 studies) compared to studies that included any suspicious lesion (sensitivity 76%, 95% CI 45% to 92%; specificity 95%, 95% CI 66% to 99%; 4 studies), although CIs were wide. At the median prevalence of disease of 12.5% observed in studies including any suspicious lesion, applying these results to a hypothetical population of 1000 lesions results in 30 BCCs missed with 44 false‐positive results (lesions misdiagnosed as BCCs). At the median prevalence of disease of 15% observed in studies of equivocal lesions, nine BCCs would be missed with 128 false‐positive results in a population of 1000 lesions. Across both sets of studies, up to 15% of these false‐positive lesions were observed to be melanomas mistaken for BCCs. There was some suggestion of higher sensitivities in studies with more experienced observers. Summary sensitivity and specificity could not be estimated for the detection of cSCC due to paucity of data. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence for the use of RCM for the diagnosis of BCC or cSCC in either population group. A possible role for RCM in clinical practice is as a tool to avoid diagnostic biopsies in lesions with a relatively high clinical suspicion of BCC. The potential for, and consequences of, misclassification of other skin cancers such as melanoma as BCCs requires further research. Importantly, data are lacking that compare RCM to standard clinical practice (with or without dermoscopy). Plain language summary What is the diagnostic accuracy of reflectance confocal microscopy for the detection of basal or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin in adults? What is the aim of the review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out how accurate reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) is on its own or compared to inspection of a skin lesion with the naked eye alone or using a hand‐held microscope called dermoscopy for diagnosing two common forms of keratinocyte skin cancer: basal cell carcinoma (BCC) or cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) in adults. Review authors in Cochrane included 10 studies to answer this question. Why is improving the diagnosis of BCC or cSCC important? There are a number of different types of skin cancer. BCC and cSCC are usually localised skin cancers. Making the correct diagnosis is important because mistaking one skin cancer for another can lead to the wrong treatment being used or lead to a delay in effective treatment. A missed diagnosis of BCC (known as a false‐negative result) can result in the missed BCC growing and causing disfigurement. A missed diagnosis of cSCC is more serious as it could spread to other parts of the body. Diagnosing a skin cancer when it is not actually present (a false‐positive result) may result in unnecessary biopsy or treatment and can cause discomfort and worry to patients. What was studied in the review? Microscopic techniques are used by skin cancer specialists to provide a more detailed, magnified examination of suspicious skin lesions than can be achieved using the naked eye alone. Currently, dermoscopy is used by doctors as part of the examination of suspicious skin lesions. RCM is a new microscopic technique to increase the magnification. It is a hand‐held device or static unit using infrared light that can visualise deeper layers of the skin when compared with dermoscopy. Both techniques are painless procedures, but RCM is more expensive, time consuming, and requires additional specialised training. Dermoscopy can be used by general practitioners (GP) whereas RCM is likely to only be used by hospital specialists for people who have been referred with a skin lesion that is suspected to be a skin cancer. We wanted to see if RCM should be used instead of, or as well as, inspection of a skin lesion with the naked eye alone or using dermoscopy to diagnose BCC or cSCC. The accuracy of the test was looked at when used on people with any suspicious skin lesion and also in people with skin lesions that were tricky to diagnose. What are the main results of the review? We found 10 studies that included information on 11 groups of people with lesions suspicious for skin cancer. The main results were based on seven of the 11 sets of data: four in any lesion suspicious for skin cancer and three in particularly difficult to diagnose skin lesions. For the comparison of RCM versus dermoscopy, we found four sets of data that included 912 suspicious skin lesions. The results suggested that in a group of 1000 people with any suspicious lesion, of whom 125 (12.5%) really do have BCC: ‐ an estimated 139 people will have an RCM result indicating BCC is present; ‐ of these, 44 (32%) people will not have BCC (false‐positive results) including one person with a melanoma mistaken for a BCC; ‐ of the 861 people with an RCM result indicating that BCC is not present, 30 (3%) will actually have BCC. The review also included three sets of data on people that had 668 particularly difficult to diagnose skin lesions, one comparing RCM to dermoscopy. The results suggested that if RCM was to be used by skin specialists in a group of 1000 people, of whom 150 (15%) really do have BCC: ‐ an estimated 269 people will have an RCM result indicating BCC is present; ‐ of these, 128 (48%) people will not have a BCC (known as a false‐positive result), including as many as 19 people with melanomas mistaken for BCCs; ‐ of the 732 people with an RCM result indicating that BCC is not present, nine (1%) will actually have BCC. There was not enough evidence to determine the accuracy of RCM for the detection of cSCC in either population group. How reliable are the results of this review? There was a lot of variation in the results of the studies in this review. Poor reporting of study conduct made assessment of the reliability of studies difficult. It was unclear whether studies were representative of populations eligible for testing with RCM, and test interpretation was often undertaken using images, remotely from the patient and the interpreter blinded to clinical information that would normally be available in practice. Only one study compared the accuracy of dermoscopy and RCM. Most studies were conducted by specialist research teams with high levels of training and experience with RCM, meaning that RCM may appear better than it would be when used in everyday practice. Most studies reported diagnosis based on observers' subjective views, which might not be the same for people using the technique in everyday practice. In nine studies, the diagnosis of skin cancer was made by a skin biopsy or by following up those people over time to make sure they remained negative for skin cancer*. This is likely to have been a reliable method for deciding whether patients really had skin cancer. In one study, the absence of skin cancer was made by experts looking at the skin, a method that may be less reliable for deciding whether patients really had skin cancer. Who do the results of this review apply to? Five studies were carried out in Europe (61%), and the rest in Asia, Oceania, North America, or more than one continent. The average ages of people who took part ranged from 41 to 65 years. The percentage of people with BCC in these studies ranged from 6% to 83% (a middle value of 12% for any suspicious lesion and 15% for difficult to diagnose skin lesions). For studies of RCM used for cSCC, the percentage of people with cSCC ranged between 4% and 13%. In many studies it was not clear what tests people taking part had received before RCM. What are the implications of this review? There was not enough good evidence to support the use of RCM for the diagnosis of BCC or cSCC outside of research studies. There was a lot of variation and uncertainty in results and in the ways studies were carried out, reducing the reliability of findings. Using RCM might avoid the need for a diagnostic biopsy in people who see a doctor with a high suspicion of a BCC lesion, but more research is needed to confirm this. Such research should compare RCM to dermoscopy in well‐described groups of people with suspicious skin lesions and they must say whether other skin cancers end up being missed or being wrongly classified as BCC. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to August 2016. *In these studies, biopsy or clinical follow‐up were the reference standards (means of establishing final diagnoses).
Gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor agonists for acute stroke; Abstract - Background Gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor agonists have been shown to have a neuroprotectant effect in reducing infarct size and improving functional outcome in animal models of cerebrovascular disease. However, the sedative effects of GABA receptor agonists have limited their wider application in people with acute stroke, due to the potential risk of stupor. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2013, and previously updated in 2014 and 2016. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of GABA receptor agonists in the treatment of acute stroke. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (accessed May 2018), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) 2018, Issue 4 (accessed May 2018), MEDLINE (from 1949 to May 2018), Embase (from 1980 to May 2018), CINAHL (from 1982 to May 2018), AMED (from 1985 to May 2018), and 11 Chinese databases (accessed May 2018). In an effort to identify further published, unpublished, and ongoing trials we searched ongoing trial registers, reference lists, and relevant conference proceedings, and contacted authors and pharmaceutical companies. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating GABA receptor agonists versus placebo for people with acute stroke (within 12 hours after stroke onset), with the primary outcomes of efficacy and safety. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the titles and abstracts of identified records, selected studies for inclusion, extracted eligible data, cross‐checked the data for accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. Main results We included five trials with 3838 participants (acute ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke patients, 3758 analyzed). Most of the participants recruited had acute ischaemic stroke, with limited data available from participants with other stroke subtypes, including total anterior circulation syndrome (TACS). The methodological quality of the included trials was generally good, with an unclear risk for selection bias only. For death and dependency at three months, pooled results did not find a significant difference for chlormethiazole versus placebo (risk ratio (RR) 1.03, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.11; four trials; 2909 participants; moderate‐quality evidence) and for diazepam versus placebo (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.07; one trial; 849 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). The most frequent adverse events related to chlormethiazole were somnolence (RR 4.56, 95% CI 3.50 to 5.95; two trials; 2527 participants; moderate‐quality evidence) and rhinitis (RR 4.75, 95% CI 2.67 to 8.46; two trials; 2527 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions This review provides moderate‐quality evidence that fails to support the use of GABA receptor agonists (chlormethiazole or diazepam) for the treatment of people with acute stroke. More well‐designed RCTs with large samples of participants with total anterior circulation syndrome are required to determine if there are benefits for this subgroup. Somnolence and rhinitis are frequent adverse events related to chlormethiazole. Plain language summary Gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor agonists for acute stroke Question : Are GABA receptor agonist drugs effective and safe in the treatment of acute stroke?    Background : GABA receptor agonists are a type of drug that may help protect the brain in acute stroke. This group of drugs, which includes diazepam and chlormethiazole, has been used as traditional sedatives for several decades, and have been found to be beneficial in stroke studies in animals. However, the sedative effect of GABA receptor agonists could be harmful for people with acute stroke.    Study characteristics : We identified five studies to May 2018 that met our inclusion criteria; they randomized 3838 participants (acute ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke patients) and analyzed 3758. The quality of all the studies was generally good, with a low risk of bias. One study tested the effects and safety of diazepam for acute stroke in 849 participants within 12 hours of stroke onset. Four studies tested the effects and safety of chlormethiazole in 2909 participants with acute stroke, within 12 hours of stroke onset; 95 participants had stroke caused by bleeding and were analyzed separately.    Key results : All five trials reported death and dependency at three months. There was no significant difference between the chlormethiazole and placebo groups or between the diazepam and placebo groups. The most frequent side effects caused by chlormethiazole were drowsiness and nasal irritation.    Quality of the evidence : In conclusion, moderate‐quality evidence did not support the use of GABA receptor agonists for the treatment of people with acute stroke.
Decongestants, antihistamines and nasal irrigation for acute sinusitis in children; Abstract - Background The efficacy of decongestants, antihistamines and nasal irrigation in children with clinically diagnosed acute sinusitis has not been systematically evaluated. Objectives To determine the efficacy of decongestants, antihistamines or nasal irrigation in improving symptoms of acute sinusitis in children. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 5), MEDLINE (1950 to June week 1, 2014) and EMBASE (1950 to June 2014). Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs, which evaluated children younger than 18 years of age with acute sinusitis, defined as 10 to 30 days of rhinorrhea, congestion or daytime cough. We excluded trials of children with chronic sinusitis and allergic rhinitis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed each study for inclusion. Main results Of the 662 studies identified through the electronic searches and handsearching, none met all the inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence to determine whether the use of antihistamines, decongestants or nasal irrigation is efficacious in children with acute sinusitis. Further research is needed to determine whether these interventions are beneficial in the treatment of children with acute sinusitis. Plain language summary Decongestants, antihistamines and nasal irrigation for acute sinusitis in children Review question The goal of this review was to determine whether there is any evidence in the medical literature for or against the use of decongestants, antihistamines and nasal irrigation for acute sinusitis in children. Background Young children experience an average of six to eight colds per year. Out of every 10 children with a cold, one develops sinusitis. Sinusitis occurs when the sinuses, which do not drain properly during a cold, become secondarily infected with bacteria. Instead of getting better, children with sinusitis often have worsening or persistent cold symptoms. In order to alleviate the symptoms of sinusitis, parents and physicians often resort to using decongestants, antihistamines and nasal irrigation. These treatments are available without requiring a prescription and are widely used. Previous studies have shown that the use of antihistamines and decongestants in children is associated with significant side effects. Search date The evidence is current to June 2014 Study characteristics After a comprehensive review of the literature, we failed to identify any trials that evaluated the efficacy of these interventions (compared to no medication or placebo) in children with clinically diagnosed acute sinusitis. Study funding sources Not applicable. Key results No data are available to determine whether or not antihistamines or decongestants should be used in children with acute sinusitis. Use of statistics Not applicable. Quality of evidence Not applicable.
Antibiotics for treating scrub typhus; Abstract - Background Scrub typhus, an important cause of acute fever in Asia, is caused by  Orientia tsutsugamushi,  an obligate intracellular bacterium. Antibiotics currently used to treat scrub typhus include tetracyclines, chloramphenicol, macrolides, and rifampicin. Objectives To assess and compare the effects of different antibiotic regimens for treatment of scrub typhus. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 8 January 2018: the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group specialized trials register; CENTRAL, in the Cochrane Library (2018, Issue 1); MEDLINE; Embase; LILACS; and the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT). We checked references and contacted study authors for additional data. We applied no language or date restrictions. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs comparing antibiotic regimens in people with the diagnosis of scrub typhus based on clinical symptoms and compatible laboratory tests (excluding the Weil‐Felix test). Data collection and analysis For this update, two review authors re‐extracted all data and assessed the certainty of evidence. We meta‐analysed data to calculate risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes when appropriate, and elsewhere tabulated data to facilitate narrative analysis. Main results We included six RCTs and one quasi‐RCT with 548 participants; they took place in the Asia‐Pacific region: Korea (three trials), Malaysia (one trial), and Thailand (three trials). Only one trial included children younger than 15 years (N = 57). We judged five trials to be at high risk of performance and detection bias owing to inadequate blinding. Trials were heterogenous in terms of dosing of interventions and outcome measures. Across trials, treatment failure rates were low. Two trials compared doxycycline to tetracycline. For treatment failure, the difference between doxycycline and tetracycline is uncertain (very low‐certainty evidence). Doxycycline compared to tetracycline may make little or no difference in resolution of fever within 48 hours (risk ratio (RR) 1.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.90 to 1.44, 55 participants; one trial; low‐certainty evidence) and in time to defervescence (116 participants; one trial; low‐certainty evidence). We were unable to extract data for other outcomes. Three trials compared doxycycline versus macrolides. For most outcomes, including treatment failure, resolution of fever within 48 hours, time to defervescence, and serious adverse events, we are uncertain whether study results show a difference between doxycycline and macrolides (very low‐certainty evidence). Macrolides compared to doxycycline may make little or no difference in the proportion of patients with resolution of fever within five days (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.10; 185 participants; two trials; low‐certainty evidence). Another trial compared azithromycin versus doxycycline or chloramphenicol in children, but we were not able to disaggregate date for the doxycycline/chloramphenicol group. One trial compared doxycycline versus rifampicin. For all outcomes, we are uncertain whether study results show a difference between doxycycline and rifampicin (very low‐certainty evidence). Of note, this trial deviated from the protocol after three out of eight patients who had received doxycycline and rifampicin combination therapy experienced treatment failure. Across trials, mild gastrointestinal side effects appeared to be more common with doxycycline than with comparator drugs. Authors' conclusions Tetracycline, doxycycline, azithromycin, and rifampicin are effective treatment options for scrub typhus and have resulted in few treatment failures. Chloramphenicol also remains a treatment option, but we could not include this among direct comparisons in this review. Most available evidence is of low or very low certainty. For specific outcomes, some low‐certainty evidence suggests there may be little or no difference between tetracycline, doxycycline, and azithromycin as treatment options. Given very low‐certainty evidence for rifampicin and the risk of inducing resistance in undiagnosed tuberculosis, clinicians should not regard this as a first‐line treatment option. Clinicians could consider rifampicin as a second‐line treatment option after exclusion of active tuberculosis. Further research should consist of additional adequately powered trials of doxycycline versus azithromycin or other macrolides, trials of other candidate antibiotics including rifampicin, and trials of treatments for severe scrub typhus. Researchers should standardize diagnostic techniques and reporting of clinical outcomes to allow robust comparisons. 11 April 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search All eligible published studies found in the last search (8 Jan, 2018) were included and four ongoing studies have been identified (see 'Characteristics of ongoing studies' section) Plain language summary Antibiotics for treating scrub typhus What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review is to find out whether certain antibiotics are more effective in treating scrub typhus. We collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and included seven studies. Key messages Tetracycline, doxycycline, azithromycin, and rifampicin are effective antibiotics for scrub typhus treatment that have led to few treatment failures. For specific outcomes, some low‐certainty evidence suggests there may be little or no difference between tetracycline, doxycycline, and azithromycin. Healthcare workers should not use rifampicin as a first‐line treatment. Researchers should standardize the way they diagnose and assess scrub typhus. What was studied in the review? Scrub typhus is an important cause of fever in Asia. We studied people with scrub typhus diagnosed by health professionals and confirmed by laboratory tests. We compared different antibiotic treatments. We looked at whether choice of antibiotic made a difference in the number of people who experienced failed treatment, and we determined the proportions who had resolution of fever at 48 hours. What are the main results of the review? We found seven relevant studies. Only one study included children younger than 15 years. We are uncertain whether doxycycline compared to tetracycline affects treatment failure, as the certainty of the evidence is very low. Studies looked at resolution of fever within five days. Doxycycline compared to tetracycline may make little or no difference in the proportion of patients with resolution of fever within 48 hours and in time to defervescence. Studies did not formally report serious adverse events. We are uncertain whether macrolides compared to doxycycline affect treatment failure, resolution of fever within five days, time to defervescence, or serious adverse events, as the certainty of the evidence is very low. Macrolides compared to doxycycline may make little or no difference in the proportion of patients with resolution of fever within five days. We are uncertain whether rifampicin compared to doxycycline affects treatment failure, proportion of patients with resolution of fever within 48 hours, or time to defervescence, as the certainty of evidence is very low. The single study that performed this comparison did not look at resolution of fever within five days and did not formally report serious adverse events. How up‐to‐date is this review? We searched for studies that had been published up to 8 January 2018.
Antibiotics for treating septic abortion; Abstract - Background A septic abortion refers to any abortion (spontaneous or induced) complicated by upper genital tract infection including endometritis or parametritis. The mainstay of treatment of septic abortion is antibiotic therapy alone or in combination with evacuation of retained products of conception. Regimens including broad‐spectrum antibiotics are routinely recommended for treatment. However, there is no consensus on the most effective antibiotics alone or in combination to treat septic abortion. This review aimed to bridge this gap in knowledge to inform policy and practice. Objectives To review the effectiveness of various individual antibiotics or antibiotic regimens in the treatment of septic abortion. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and POPLINE using the following keywords: 'Abortion', 'septic abortion', 'Antibiotics', 'Infected abortion', 'postabortion infection'. We also searched the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov for ongoing trials on 19 April, 2016. Selection criteria We considered for inclusion randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non‐RCTs that compared antibiotic(s) to another antibiotic(s), irrespective of route of administration, dosage, and duration as well as studies comparing antibiotics alone with antibiotics in combination with other interventions such as dilation and curettage (D&C). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data from included trials. We resolved disagreements through consultation with a third author. One review author entered extracted data into Review Manager 5.3, and a second review author cross‐checked the entry for accuracy. Main results We included 3 small RCTs involving 233 women that were conducted over 3 decades ago. Clindamycin did not differ significantly from penicillin plus chloramphenicol in reducing fever in all women (mean difference (MD) ‐12.30, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐25.12 to 0.52; women = 77; studies = 1). The evidence for this was of moderate quality. "Response to treatment was evaluated by the patient's 'fever index' expressed in degree‐hour and defined as the total quantity of fever under the daily temperature curve with 99°F (37.2°C) as the baseline". There was no difference in duration of hospitalisation between clindamycin and penicillin plus chloramphenicol. The mean duration of hospital stay for women in each group was 5 days (MD 0.00, 95% CI ‐0.54 to 0.54; women = 77; studies = 1). One study evaluated the effect of penicillin plus chloramphenicol versus cephalothin plus kanamycin before and after D&C. Response to therapy was evaluated by "the time from start of antibiotics until fever lysis and time from D&C until patients become afebrile". Low‐quality evidence suggested that the effect of penicillin plus chloramphenicol on fever did not differ from that of cephalothin plus kanamycin (MD ‐2.30, 95% CI ‐17.31 to 12.71; women = 56; studies = 1). There was no significant difference between penicillin plus chloramphenicol versus cephalothin plus kanamycin when D&C was performed during antibiotic therapy (MD ‐1.00, 95% CI ‐13.84 to 11.84; women = 56; studies = 1). The quality of evidence was low. A study with unclear risk of bias showed that the time for fever resolution (MD ‐5.03, 95% CI ‐5.77 to ‐4.29; women = 100; studies = 1) as well as time for resolution of leukocytosis (MD ‐4.88, 95% CI ‐5.98 to ‐3.78; women = 100; studies = 1) was significantly lower with tetracycline plus enzymes compared with intravenous penicillin G. Treatment failure and adverse events occurred infrequently, and the difference between groups was not statistically significant. Authors' conclusions We found no strong evidence that intravenous clindamycin alone was better than penicillin plus chloramphenicol for treating women with septic abortion. Similarly, available evidence did not suggest that penicillin plus chloramphenicol was better than cephalothin plus kanamycin for the treatment of women with septic abortion. Tetracyline enzyme antibiotic appeared to be more effective than intravenous penicillin G in reducing the time to fever defervescence, but this evidence was provided by only one study at low risk of bias. There is a need for high‐quality RCTs providing reliable evidence for treatments of septic abortion with antibiotics that are currently in use. The three included studies were carried out over 30 years ago. There is also a need to include institutions in low‐resource settings, such as sub‐Saharan Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, and South Asia, with a high burden of abortion and health systems challenges. Plain language summary Antibiotics for treating septic abortion Background A septic abortion is any abortion with infection after a miscarriage or intentional pregnancy termination. One of the signs of septic abortion is fever. Antibiotic treatment is very important for the treatment of septic abortion. The recommended treatments include antibiotics that have effects on different types of bacteria. However, there is no agreement on the most effective antibiotics to be used either alone or in combination to treat septic abortion. Trial characteristics This review included 3 small studies of 233 women with septic abortion. One study compared clindamycin alone to penicillin plus chloramphenicol; the second study compared penicillin plus chloramphenicol to cephalothin plus kanamycin; and the third study compared tetracycline enzyme‐based antibiotic with intravenous penicillin G. Results We found no strong evidence that clindamycin alone is better than penicillin plus chloramphenicol for treating women with septic abortion. Similarly, the available evidence did not suggest that penicillin plus chloramphenicol is better than cephalothin plus kanamycin for the treatment of women with septic abortion. Furthermore, performing D&C before starting antibiotic treatment was not better than performing D&C after antibiotic treatment has begun. The use of tetracycline‐enzyme antibiotic brought women's fever down faster than intravenous penicillin G. Conclusion The available evidence from three small trials, which involved some antibiotics not currently in use, is insufficient to advocate for a change in existing treatment recommendations for septic abortion. In spite of this, combinations of antibiotics may be administered to women with septic abortion because they are more likely to reduce fever faster, including in women with bacteria in the blood, than single antibiotic treatment. Only one study reported harm experienced by women: two women given clindamycin had treatment failure, and one woman had an adverse drug reaction. In addition, two women in the clindamycin group had pelvic abscess compared to one in the penicillin plus chloramphenicol group, although the difference was not significant. The limitation of this review is the inclusion of three small studies conducted over 30 years ago.
Remediating buildings damaged by dampness and mould for preventing or reducing respiratory tract symptoms, infections and asthma; Abstract - Background Dampness and mould in buildings have been associated with adverse respiratory symptoms, asthma and respiratory infections of inhabitants. Moisture damage is a very common problem in private houses, workplaces and public buildings such as schools. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of repairing buildings damaged by dampness and mould in order to reduce or prevent respiratory tract symptoms, infections and symptoms of asthma. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 10), MEDLINE (1951 to November week 1, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to November 2014), CINAHL (1982 to November 2014), Science Citation Index (1973 to November 2014), Biosis Previews (1989 to June 2011), NIOSHTIC (1930 to March 2014) and CISDOC (1974 to March 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐RCTs (cRCTs), interrupted time series studies and controlled before‐after (CBA) studies of the effects of remediating dampness and mould in a building on respiratory symptoms, infections and asthma. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias in the included studies. Main results We included 12 studies (8028 participants): two RCTs (294 participants), one cRCT (4407 participants) and nine CBA studies (3327 participants). The interventions varied from thorough renovation to cleaning only. Repairing houses decreased asthma‐related symptoms in adults (among others, wheezing (odds ratio (OR) 0.64; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 0.75) and respiratory infections (among others, rhinitis (OR 0.57; 95% CI 0.49 to 0.66), two studies, moderate‐quality evidence). For children, we did not find a difference between repaired houses and receiving information only, in the number of asthma days or emergency department visits because of asthma (one study, moderate‐quality evidence). One CBA study showed very low‐quality evidence that after repairing a mould‐damaged office building, asthma‐related and other respiratory symptoms decreased. In another CBA study, there was no difference in symptoms between full or partial repair of houses. For children in schools, the evidence of an effect of mould remediation on respiratory symptoms was inconsistent and out of many symptom measures only respiratory infections might have decreased after the intervention. For staff in schools, there was very low‐quality evidence that asthma‐related and other respiratory symptoms in mould‐damaged schools were similar to those of staff in non‐damaged schools, both before and after intervention. Authors' conclusions We found moderate to very low‐quality evidence that repairing mould‐damaged houses and offices decreases asthma‐related symptoms and respiratory infections compared to no intervention in adults. There is very low‐quality evidence that although repairing schools did not significantly change respiratory symptoms in staff, pupils' visits to physicians due to a common cold were less frequent after remediation of the school. Better research, preferably with a cRCT design and with more validated outcome measures, is needed. Plain language summary Interventions for preventing or reducing respiratory tract infections and asthma symptoms in mould‐damaged buildings Review question Our aim was to find out if repairing buildings damaged by dampness and mould reduces or prevents respiratory symptoms and asthma. Background Moisture damage is a very common problem in private houses, workplaces and public buildings globally. It has been associated with asthma and respiratory symptoms of the inhabitants. Study characteristics We included 12 studies with 8028 participants. Three were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and nine were non‐RCTs with a control group. The repairs aimed to remove mould and dampness from family houses, schools or, in one study, an office building. Key results Repair of houses compared to no repair Repairing houses to remove mould reduced asthma‐related symptoms and respiratory infections compared to doing nothing. It also decreased the use of asthma medication in asthmatics. The repair of an office damaged by mould also reduced asthma and respiratory symptoms compared to an office that was not repaired. Full or partial repair did not result in a difference in symptoms. However, the evidence was of low to very low quality. Repair of houses compared to information for the inhabitants There was moderate‐quality evidence that there was no clear benefit from repair of houses on asthma symptoms among asthmatic children. Repair of schools compared to schools without problems Out of many symptom measures only pupils' visits to physicians due to a common cold were less frequent after the building was repaired. For other respiratory symptoms of the pupils, the results were inconsistent. For adults working in the schools, there was no clear evidence that the repair was beneficial. Quality of evidence The quality of evidence varied from very low to moderate quality. Many different symptoms were measured and studies were set up differently, therefore it was difficult to draw hard conclusions. Better research is needed, preferably with a cluster‐randomised design and with better measurement of the symptoms.
Probiotics in infants for prevention of allergic disease and food hypersensitivity; Abstract - Background The composition of the intestinal microflora may be different in individuals with atopic eczema from those without this condition, and such differences may precede the development of eczema. Probiotics are live bacteria that colonize the gastrointestinal tract and provide a health benefit to the host. Probiotics added to infant feeds have the potential to prevent sensitisation of infants to dietary allergens. Objectives To determine the effect of probiotics given to infants for the prevention of allergic disease or food hypersensitivity. Search methods This included searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 1, 2007), MEDLINE (1966 ‐ February 2007), EMBASE, PREMEDLINE, abstracts of conference proceedings and citations of published articles, and expert informants. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials that compare the use of a probiotic to no probiotic; or the use a specific probiotic compared to a different probiotic; or a probiotic with added prebiotic to control. Data collection and analysis Assessment of trial quality, data extraction and synthesis of data were performed using standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. Main results Twelve studies were eligible for inclusion. Allergic disease and / or food hypersensitivity outcomes were assessed by 6 studies enrolling 2080 infants, but outcomes for only 1549 infants were reported. Studies generally had adequate randomisation, allocation concealment and blinding of treatment. However, the findings of this review should be treated with caution due to excess losses in patient follow‐up (17% to 61%). Meta‐analysis of five studies reporting the outcomes of 1477 infants found a significant reduction in infant eczema (typical RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.70, 0.95). However, there was significant and substantial heterogeneity between studies. One study reported that the difference in eczema between groups persisted to 4 years age. When the analysis was restricted to studies reporting atopic eczema (confirmed by skin prick test or specific IgE), the findings were no longer significant (typical RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.62, 1.02). All studies reporting significant benefits used probiotic supplements containing L. rhamnosus and enrolled infants at high risk of allergy. No other benefits were reported for any other allergic disease or food hypersensitivity outcome. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to recommend the addition of probiotics to infant feeds for prevention of allergic disease or food hypersensitivity. Although there was a reduction in clinical eczema in infants, this effect was not consistent between studies and caution is advised in view of methodological concerns regarding included studies. Further studies are required to determine whether the findings are reproducible. Plain language summary Probiotics in infants for prevention of allergic disease and food hypersensitivity There is insufficient evidence to recommend the addition of probiotics to infant feeds for prevention of allergic disease or food reactions. Reactions to foods and allergies (including asthma, eczema and hay fever) are common and may be increasing in developed countries. Many infants become sensitised to foods, including infant formula, through their gastrointestinal tract, a process that may be affected by the composition of the intestinal bacteria. Attempts to promote the growth of normal gastrointestinal bacteria and prevent sensitisation to foods have included the use of probiotics. Probiotics are live bacteria that colonize the gastrointestinal tract and provide a health benefit to the host. This review found that probiotics added to infant feeds may help prevent infant eczema, with one study suggesting the benefit may persist to four years of age. However, concerns regarding the quality of studies, inconsistency of findings between studies, and the fact that the benefits did not persist if restricted to infants with evidence of sensitisation to allergens, suggests that further studies are needed to confirm these results.
Drugs for treating paracoccidioidomycosis; Abstract - Background Paracoccidioidomycosis is a fungal infection that occurs only in some particular places in Latin America. Treatment is long, the drugs have side effects, and patients can relapse. However, the disease is potentially fatal. Objectives To evaluate drugs for treating paracoccidioidomycosis. Search methods We searched the following databases: Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (March 2011); Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), published in  The Cochrane Library  (2011, Issue 1); PubMed (1966 to March 2011); EMBASE (1974 to March 2011); and LILACS (1982 to March 2011) Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing drugs for treating people with paracoccidioidomycosis. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias, and extracted data, including adverse events. Main results Two trials, one with 42 participants and another with 53 participants met the inclusion criteria. Risk of bias in the two trials was high, but most patients showed considerable clinical and mycological improvement. The first trial compared imidazoles (itraconazole and ketoconazole) with sulfadiazine (n=42). No difference was detected for cure (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.16) or clinical improvement, or serological titres after 10 months of treatment, and there was no difference detected in adverse events. The second compared voriconazole with itraconazole (n=53) and did not demonstrate a difference in response. Two patients were withdrawn from voriconazole due to raised liver enzymes. Authors' conclusions The small number of participants and the short follow‐up period impede definitive conclusions on comparative effects. 8 May 2019 Update pending Studies awaiting assessment The CIDG is currently examining a new search conducted in April 2019 for potentially relevant studies. These studies have not yet been incorporated into this Cochrane Review. Plain language summary Not enough good quality trials to assess the most effective drug treatment for paracoccidioidomycosis Paracoccidioidomycosis is a fungal infection that causes ulcers, swelling, fever, and pain. If it also gets into the lungs, it can produce coughing, shortage of breath, chest pain, weight loss, and sometimes death. Without treatment, those suffering this disease may die in a few months or years. There are endemic areas between Mexico and southern Argentina. Drug treatments need to go on for many months and maybe years. There are various drugs that are used, but this review found only two small trials with too few data to say which drug was best, and the drugs all seem to have adverse effects. More research is needed.
Prebiotics in infants for prevention of allergy; Abstract - Background Prebiotics (commonly oligosaccharides) added to infant feeds have the potential to prevent sensitisation of infants to dietary allergens. Objectives To determine the effect of prebiotic given to infants for the prevention of allergy. Search methods We performed an updated search in August 2012 of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 8), MEDLINE, EMBASE, conference proceedings, citations, expert informants and clinical trials registries. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials that compared the use of a prebiotic to no prebiotic, or a specific prebiotic compared to a different prebiotic in infants for prevention of allergy. Data collection and analysis Assessment of trial quality, data extraction and synthesis of data were performed using the standard methods of The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results The 2012 update identified 13 studies classified as ongoing or awaiting classification (yet to report allergy outcomes). Forty‐three studies were excluded, primarily as no allergy data were reported, although none of these enrolled infants were at high risk of allergy. Four studies enrolling 1428 infants were eligible for inclusion. All studies were at high risk of attrition bias. Allergy outcomes were reported from four months to two years of age. Meta‐analysis of two studies (226 infants) found no significant difference in infant asthma although significant heterogeneity was found between studies. Meta‐analysis of four studies found a significant reduction in eczema (1218 infants, typical risk ratio 0.68, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.97; typical risk difference ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.07 to ‐0.00; number needed to treat to benefit (NNTB) 25, 95% CI 14 to > 100; P = 0.03). No statistically significant heterogeneity was found between studies. One study reported no significant difference in urticaria. No statistically significant subgroup differences were found according to infant risk of allergy or type of infant feed. However, individual studies reported a significant reduction in asthma and eczema from supplementation with a mixture of galacto‐ and fructo‐oligosaccharide (GOS/FOS 9:1 ratio) (8 g/L) in infants at high risk of allergy; and in eczema from supplementation with GOS/FOS (9:1) (6.8 g/L) and acidic oligosacccharide (1.2 g/L) in infants not selected for allergy risk. Authors' conclusions Further research is needed before routine use of prebiotics can be recommended for prevention of allergy in formula fed infants. There is some evidence that a prebiotic supplement added to infant feeds may prevent eczema. It is unclear whether the use of prebiotic should be restricted to infants at high risk of allergy or may have an effect in low risk populations; or whether it may have an effect on other allergic diseases including asthma. Plain language summary Prebiotics in infants for prevention of allergic disease and food allergy There is some evidence that prebiotic added to infant formula may prevent eczema and asthma in infants. However, there is some concern about the reliability of the evidence due to not all trials reporting allergy outcomes and trials not reporting the outcome for all infants. Reactions to foods and allergies (including asthma, eczema and hay fever) are common and may be increasing. Many infants become sensitised to foods, including infant formula, through their gastrointestinal tract, a process that may be affected by the composition of the intestinal bacteria. Attempts to promote the growth of normal gastrointestinal bacteria and prevent sensitisation to foods have included the addition of prebiotic to infant formula. Prebiotics are nondigestible food components that help by selectively stimulating the growth or activity of 'healthy' bacteria in the colon. This review found some evidence that a prebiotic supplement added to infant feeds may prevent eczema in infants up to two years of age. It is unclear whether the use of prebiotic should be restricted to infants at high risk of allergy or may have an effect in low risk populations; or whether it may have an effect on other allergic diseases including asthma. However, further research is needed to confirm the findings before routine use of prebiotics can be recommended for prevention of allergy.
Early discontinuation of antibiotics for febrile neutropenia versus continuation until neutropenia resolution in people with cancer; Abstract - Background People with cancer with febrile neutropenia are at risk of severe infections and mortality and are thus treated empirically with broad‐spectrum antibiotic therapy. However, the recommended duration of antibiotic therapy differs across guidelines. Objectives To assess the safety of protocol‐guided discontinuation of antibiotics regardless of neutrophil count, compared to continuation of antibiotics until neutropenia resolution in people with cancer with fever and neutropenia, in terms of mortality and morbidity. To assess the emergence of resistant bacteria in people with cancer treated with short courses of antibiotic therapy compared with people with cancer treated until resolution of neutropenia. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2018, Issue 10) in the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS up to 1 October 2018. We searched the metaRegister of Controlled Trials and the US National Institutes of Health Ongoing Trials Register ClinicalTrials.gov for ongoing and unpublished trials. We reviewed the references of all identified studies for additional trials and handsearched conference proceedings of international infectious diseases and oncology and haematology conferences. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared a short antibiotic therapy course in which discontinuation of antibiotics was guided by protocols regardless of the neutrophil count to a long course in which antibiotics were continued until neutropenia resolution in people with cancer with febrile neutropenia. The primary outcome was 30‐day or end of follow‐up all‐cause mortality. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently reviewed all studies for eligibility, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias for all included trials. We calculated risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) whenever possible. For dichotomous outcomes with zero events in both arms of the trials, we conducted meta‐analysis of risk differences (RDs) as well. For continuous outcomes, we extracted means with standard deviations (SD) from the studies and computed mean difference (MD) and 95% CI. If no substantial clinical heterogeneity was found, trials were pooled using the Mantel–Haenszel fixed‐effect model. Main results We included eight RCTs comprising a total of 662 distinct febrile neutropenia episodes. The studies included adults and children, and had variable design and criteria for discontinuation of antibiotics in both study arms. All included studies but two were performed before the year 2000. All studies included people with cancer with fever of unknown origin and excluded people with microbiological documented infections. We found no significant difference between the short‐antibiotic therapy arm and the long‐antibiotic therapy arm for all‐cause mortality (RR 1.38, 95% CI 0.73 to 2.62; RD 0.02, 95% CI ‐0.02 to 0.05; low‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence to low due to imprecision and high risk of selection bias. The number of fever days was significantly lower for people in the short‐antibiotic treatment arm compared to the long‐antibiotic treatment arm (mean difference ‐0.64, 95% CI ‐0.96 to ‐0.32; I² = 30%). In all studies, total antibiotic days were fewer in the intervention arm by three to seven days compared to the long antibiotic therapy. We found no significant differences in the rates of clinical failure (RR 1.23, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.77; very low‐certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for clinical failure due to variable and inconsistent definitions of clinical failure across studies, possible selection bias, and wide confidence intervals. There was no significant difference in the incidence of bacteraemia occurring after randomisation (RR 1.56, 95% CI 0.91 to 2.66; very low‐certainty evidence), while the incidence of any documented infections was significantly higher in the short‐antibiotic therapy arm (RR 1.67, 95% CI 1.08 to 2.57). There was no significant difference in the incidence of invasive fungal infections (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.32 to 2.31) and development of antibiotic resistance (RR 1.49, 95% CI 0.62 to 3.61). The data on hospital stay were too sparse to permit any meaningful conclusions. Authors' conclusions We could make no strong conclusions on the safety of antibiotic discontinuation before neutropenia resolution among people with cancer with febrile neutropenia based on the existing evidence and its low certainty. Results of microbiological outcomes favouring long antibiotic therapy may be misleading due to lower culture positivity rates under antibiotic therapy and not true differences in infection rates. Well‐designed, adequately powered RCTs are required that address this issue in the era of rising antibiotic resistance. Plain language summary Stopping antibiotic therapy early versus continuing until normal neutrophil count in people with cancer with fever and low neutrophil counts Review question   People with cancer who are treated with chemotherapy may have a low number of white blood cells, a condition known as neutropenia. White blood cells are crucial to defending the immune system against infection. In people with neutropenia who develop fever, it is unknown whether it is safe to stop giving antibiotics before the white blood cell count returns to normal or whether it is better to continue antibiotics until the white blood cell count recovers (usually to a number higher than 500 cells per microlitre). Background   Neutrophils are a type of white blood cell crucial to the defence of the immune system against many infective pathogens including bacteria. People with cancer receiving chemotherapy suffer from decreased production of neutrophils, which means that they are exposed to severe, life‐threatening infections. When a cancer patient with neutropenia develops fever, it is crucial to start broad‐range antibacterial treatment as soon as possible in order to lower the risk of death and serious complications. To date, the best duration of course of antibiotics to give is unclear. The continuation of antibiotics beyond the required duration might result in the development of side effects and resistant bacteria. Search date   The evidence is current to 1 October 2018. Study characteristics   We included eight studies involving people with neutropenia and fever and comparing short antibiotic therapy to long antibiotic therapy until normalisation of neutrophils. A total of 662 episodes of fever in people with neutropenia were randomly assigned to a treatment group (314 to short antibiotic treatment and 348 to long antibiotic treatment). All trials excluded people who had bacteria growing in any culture before the time of randomisation. All studies except two excluded people with infection in a specific organ. Study funding sources   Three trials did not report funding sources; three were funded by academic sponsors; one had academic sponsorship, but the antibiotics and placebos were provided by pharmaceutical companies; and one was sponsored by government funding. Key results   There was no difference in mortality between the short‐ and long‐antibiotic therapy arm. There was no difference in the number of people with severe infections presenting as bacteria in blood. There were more cases of infections with positive cultures in people treated with short antibiotic courses compared to long antibiotic courses, but there was no difference in the rate of unfavourable outcome such as recurrence of fever, need for rehospitalization, and change or restart of antibiotics. We found no differences in the rate of fungal infections and development of antibiotic resistance, with few studies reporting the latter outcome. The number of days with fever was lower for people treated with short antibiotic courses compared to those treated with long antibiotic courses. In all trials the number of antibiotic treatment days was fewer in the short‐antibiotic therapy arm by three to seven days compared to the long‐antibiotic therapy arm. Data on hospital length of stay were insufficient to permit any meaningful conclusions. Certainty of the evidence   The overall certainty of evidence was low or very low, permitting little confidence in the results presented. Most of the included studies were old and not adequately designed. There were also many differences between the studies in terms of design and inclusion criteria. We assessed the certainty of the evidence for the primary outcome of all‐cause mortality as low and for the outcomes of clinical failure and bacteraemia occurring after randomisation as very low.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy; Abstract - Background Transrectal prostate biopsy (TRPB) is a well established procedure used to obtain tissue for the histological diagnosis of carcinoma of the prostate. Despite the fact that TRPB is generally considered a safe procedure, it may be accompanied by traumatic and infective complications, including asymptomatic bacteriuria (bacteria in the urine), urinary tract infection (UTI), transitory bacteremia (bacteria in the blood), fever episodes, and sepsis (pathogenic microorganisms or their toxins in the blood). Although infective complications after TRPB are well known, there is uncertainty about the necessity and effectiveness of routine prophylactic antibiotics and their adverse effects, as well as a clear lack of standardization. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and adverse effects of prophylactic antibiotic treatment in TRPB. Search methods The search covered the principal electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL). Experts were consulted and references from the relevant articles were scanned. Selection criteria All randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) of men who underwent TRPB and received prophylactic antibiotics or placebo/no treatment, were selected, and all RCTs looking at one type of antibiotic versus another, including comparable dosages, routes of administration, frequency of administration, and duration of antibiotic treatment. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers (ELZ, OACC) independently selected included trials and extracted study data. Any disagreements were resolved by a third party (NRNJ). Main results Overall, more than 3500 references were considered and 19 original reports with a total of 3599 patients were included. There were 9 trials analysing antibiotics versus placebo/no treatment, with all outcomes significantly favouring antibiotic use (P < 0.05) (I 2  = 0%), including bacteriuria (risk ratio (RR) 0.25 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.15 to 0.42), bacteremia (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.92), fever (RR 0.39, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.64), urinary tract infection (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.62), and hospitalization (RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.55). Several classes of antibiotics were effective prophylactically for TRPB, while the quinolones, with the highest number of studies (5) and patients (1188), were the best analysed. For 'antibiotics versus enema', we analysed four studies with a limited number of patients. The differences between groups for all outcomes were not significant. For 'antibiotic versus antibiotic + enema', only the risk of bacteremia (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.75) was diminished in the 'antibiotic + enema group'. Seven trials reported the effects of short‐course (1 day) versus long‐course (3 days) antibiotics. Long course was significantly better than short‐course treatment only for bacteriuria (RR 2.09, 95% CI 1.17 to 3.73). For 'single versus multiple dose', there was significantly greater risk of bacteriuria for single‐dose treatment (RR 1.98, 95% CI 1.18 to 3.33). Comparing oral versus systemic administration ‐ intramuscular injection (IM), or intravenous (IV) ‐ of antibiotics, there were no significant differences in the groups for bacteriuria, fever, UTI and hospitalization. Authors' conclusions Antibiotic prophylaxis is effective in preventing infectious complications following TRPB. There is no definitive data to confirm that antibiotics for long‐course (3 days) are superior to short‐course treatments (1 day), or that multiple‐dose treatment is superior to single‐dose. Plain language summary Antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy Prostate cancer is the second most commonly diagnosed cancer in men and transrectal prostate biopsy is the procedure to obtain tissue for the histological diagnosis of carcinoma of the prostate. Despite the fact that infective complications after transrectal prostate biopsy are well known, there is uncertainty about the necessity and effectiveness of routine prophylactic antibiotics and a clear lack of standardization in antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy. In nine trials we observed that antibiotic prophylaxis is effective in preventing infectious complications (bacteriuria, bacteremia, fever, urinary tract infection, sepsis) and hospitalization following prostate biopsy. Several classes of antibiotics are effective for prophylaxis in prostate biopsy, with the quinolones the best analysed class. There are no definitive data to confirm that antibiotic for long‐course is superior to short‐course treatment, or that multiple‐dose treatment is superior to single‐dose treatment.
Total versus subtotal hysterectomy for benign gynaecological conditions; Abstract - Background Hysterectomy using an abdominal approach removes either the uterus alone (subtotal hysterectomy) or both the uterus and the cervix (total hysterectomy). The latter is more common but the outcomes have not been systematically compared. Objectives To compare short term and long term outcomes of subtotal hysterectomy (STH) with total hysterectomy (TH) for benign gynaecological conditions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group Specialised Register of controlled trials (July 2011), CENTRAL (July 2011), MEDLINE (1966 to July 2011), EMBASE (1980 to July 2011), CINAHL (January 2005 to July 2011), Biological Abstracts (1980 to December 2005), the National Research Register and relevant citation lists. Selection criteria Only randomised controlled trials of women undergoing either total or subtotal hysterectomy for benign gynaecological conditions were included. Data collection and analysis Nine trials including 1553 participants were included. Independent selection of trials, assessment for risk of bias and data extraction were undertaken by two review authors and the results compared. Main results There was no evidence of a difference in the rates of multiple outcomes that assessed urinary, bowel or sexual function between TH and STH, either in the short term (up to two years post‐surgery) or long term (nine years post‐surgery). Length of operation (difference of 11 min) and amount of blood lost during surgery (difference of 57 ml) were significantly reduced during subtotal hysterectomy when compared with total hysterectomy. These differences are unlikely to constitute a clinical benefit and there was no evidence of a difference in the odds of blood transfusion. Post‐operative fever and urinary retention were less likely (fever: OR 0.48, 95% CI 0.3 to 0.8; retention: OR 0.23, 95% CI 0.1 to 0.8) and ongoing cyclical vaginal bleeding up to two years after surgery was more likely (OR 16.0, 95% CI 6.1 to 41.6) after STH compared with TH. There was no evidence of a difference in the rates of other complications, recovery from surgery, alleviation of pre‐surgery symptoms or readmission rates between the two types of hysterectomy carried out through the abdominal or laparoscopic route, although trials comparing the laparoscopic route were underpowered to detect some differences. Authors' conclusions This review has not confirmed the perception that subtotal hysterectomy offers improved outcomes for sexual, urinary or bowel function when compared with total abdominal hysterectomy. Women are more likely to experience ongoing cyclical bleeding up to a year after surgery with subtotal hysterectomy compared to total hysterectomy. Plain language summary Subtotal versus total hysterectomy When hysterectomy is required for non‐cancerous conditions, either the uterus alone (subtotal hysterectomy) or the uterus and the cervix (total hysterectomy) are removed. It has been suggested that not removing the cervix (subtotal hysterectomy) would reduce the chances of sexual difficulties or problems with passing urine or stools. This review has found no evidence of a difference between these two different operations for these outcomes. Surgery is faster with subtotal hysterectomy and there is less blood loss during or just after surgery, although these benefits are not large. With subtotal hysterectomy, women are less likely to experience fever during or just after surgery but are more likely to have long term ongoing menstrual bleeding when compared with total hysterectomy.
High first dose quinine regimen for treating severe malaria; Abstract - Background Quinine is used for treating severe malaria. There are arguments for giving an initial high dose. We examined the evidence for and against this policy. Objectives To assess the clinical outcomes and adverse events of a high first (loading) dose regimen of quinine compared with a uniform (no loading) dose regimen in people with severe malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (February 2009), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 1, 2009), MEDLINE (1966 to February 2009), EMBASE (1974 to February 2009), LILACS (1982 to February 2009), and conference proceedings for relevant abstracts. We also contacted researchers working in the field and checked the reference lists of all studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing a high first (loading) dose of intravenous quinine with a uniform (no loading) dose of intravenous quinine in people with severe malaria. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed the risk of bias in the trials and extracted data (including adverse event data). We used Review Manager 5.0 to analyse the data: risk ratio (RR) for binary data and mean difference (MD) for continuous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We contacted study authors for additional information. Main results Four trials (n = 144) met the inclusion criteria. Loading dose was associated with fewer deaths, but this was not statistically significant (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.19 to 2.04; 3 trials). Loading dose was associated with faster clearance of parasites (WMD ‐7.44 hours, 95% CI ‐13.24 to ‐1.64 hours; 2 trials), resolution of fever (WMD ‐11.11 hours, 95% CI ‐20.04 to ‐2.18 hours; 2 trials). No statistically significant difference was detected for recovery of consciousness, neurological sequelae, or convulsions, but the numbers were small. Authors' conclusions Quinine loading dose reduced fever clearance time and parasite clearance time. Data are insufficient to directly demonstrate an impact of loading dose on risk of death. 23 April 2019 No update planned Other This is not a current question. Plain language summary Initial high dose of quinine to treat severe malaria People with severe malaria are unconscious, have difficulty breathing, may convulse, and have low blood sugar. They need treating quickly. Quinine given intravenously or intramuscularly has been used for some years to treat severe malaria. It is particularly helpful as it works against parasites resistant to chloroquine, which used to be an effective and commonly used drug. The World Health Organization recommends that doctors give people with severe malaria an initial high dose (loading dose) of intravenous quinine followed by lower quinine maintenance doses. This is to get an effective drug concentration in the blood. Several different quinine loading doses, maintenance doses, and dose intervals have been examined. There are some concerns about adverse effects in children. The authors of this review wanted to summarize the benefits and harms of different quinine dosing regimens. They identified four relevant trials with 144 participants. A high initial dose of quinine reduced fever clearance time and parasite clearance time, but there were too few data to describe the impact on death. No difference was detected for recovery of consciousness and other neurological symptoms, but there were probably too few participants to detect differences.
Surgical portosystemic shunts versus devascularisation procedures for prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis; Abstract - Background Hepatosplenic schistosomiasis is an important cause of variceal bleeding in low‐income countries. Randomised clinical trials have evaluated the outcomes of two categories of surgical interventions, shunts and devascularisation procedures, for the prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. The comparative overall benefits and harms of these two interventions are unclear. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of surgical portosystemic shunts versus oesophagogastric devascularisation procedures for the prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Science Citation Index Expanded, LILACS, reference lists of articles, and proceedings of relevant associations for trials that met the inclusion criteria (date of search 11 January 2018). Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials comparing surgical portosystemic shunts versus oesophagogastric devascularisation procedures for the prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the trials and extracted data using methodological standards expected by Cochrane. We assessed risk of bias according to domains and risk of random errors with GRADE and Trial Sequential Analysis. We assessed the certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We found two randomised clinical trials including 154 adult participants, aged between 18 years and 65 years, diagnosed with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. One of the trials randomised participants to proximal splenorenal shunt versus distal splenorenal shunt versus oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy, and the other randomised participants to distal splenorenal shunt versus oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy. In both trials the diagnosis of hepatosplenic schistosomiasis was made based on clinical and biochemical assessments. The trials were conducted in Brazil and Egypt. Both trials were at high risk of bias. We are uncertain as to whether surgical portosystemic shunts improved all‐cause mortality compared with oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy due to imprecision in the trials (risk ratio (RR) 2.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 9.92; participants = 154; studies = 2). We are uncertain whether serious adverse events differed between surgical portosystemic shunts and oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy (RR 2.26, 95% CI 0.44 to 11.70; participants = 154; studies = 2). None of the trials reported on health‐related quality of life. We are uncertain whether variceal rebleeding differed between surgical portosystemic shunts and oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy (RR 0.39, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.23; participants = 154; studies = 2). We found evidence suggesting an increase in encephalopathy in the shunts group versus the devascularisation with splenectomy group (RR 7.51, 95% CI 1.45 to 38.89; participants = 154; studies = 2). We are uncertain whether ascites and re‐interventions differed between surgical portosystemic shunts and oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy. We computed Trial Sequential Analysis for all outcomes, but the trial sequential monitoring boundaries could not be drawn because of insufficient sample size and events. We downgraded the overall certainty of the body of evidence for all outcomes to very low due to risk of bias and imprecision. Authors' conclusions Given the very low certainty of the available body of evidence and the low number of clinical trials, we could not determine an overall benefit or harm of surgical portosystemic shunts compared with oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy. Future randomised clinical trials should be designed with sufficient statistical power to assess the benefits and harms of surgical portosystemic shunts versus oesophagogastric devascularisations with or without splenectomy and with or without oesophageal transection. Plain language summary Surgical treatment (shunts compared with devascularisation) for preventing variceal rebleeding due to schistosomiasis of the liver and spleen Background Schistosomiasis ('bilharzia' or 'snail fever') is a water‐borne disease caused by parasites known as blood flukes. Blood flukes are released by fresh water snails and penetrate the skin of humans (swimmers and others in close contact with water). Here, they migrate into the venous circulation, settling in various typical sites such as the gut, the urinary bladder, and the liver, where they cause local inflammation. In the liver, they result in Symmer's pipe‐stem periportal fibrosis, with the consequent complication of increased portal blood pressure. Infected people may develop varices (enlarged blood vessels within the wall of the oesophagus and stomach). Bleeding from these varices is not uncommon and can result in death. Although several methods exist to stop the initial bleeding, it may recur with the same risk of death as during the initial bleed without further treatment. The first‐line treatment to prevent variceal rebleeding is with medications (non‐selective beta‐blockers to lower the portal blood pressure) combined with endoscopic method (use of a long tube fitted with a camera to locate and close the varices with elastic bands). This involves repeated treatment sessions, hence treatment success is heavily dependent on patient compliance, which in low income countries may be adversely affected by eco‐social factors such as transport costs. Surgery is an alternative treatment option. There are two broad surgical categories to decrease the risk of repeat bleeding from varices: these are either shunts (a channel that diverts all or part of the bloodstream from the liver to the general blood circulation) or devascularisation surgery (disconnection of the enlarged blood vessels in the walls of the oesophagus and stomach). Either treatment may be performed as a once‐off procedure to prevent variceal rebleeding. However, it is not clear which of these treatments offers the best result. We aimed to determine the benefits and harms of shunts compared with devascularisation in preventing variceal rebleeding due to schistosomiasis of the liver and spleen. Study characteristics We found two randomised clinical trials (types of studies in which participants are assigned to treatment group using a random method) involving a total of 154 adult participants who received either a non‐selective shunt surgery, a selective shunt surgery, or devascularisation surgery. However, the design of both trials was of insufficient quality, as the numbers of trial participants were small, and some participant information was lacking. One of the trials was funded by an institutional grant, and how funding was obtained for the other trial was not clear. We assessed both trials as at high risk of bias. Key results There were no significant differences in the number of participants who had repeat bleeding, adverse effects of treatment, or deaths between the shunt surgery and the devascularisation group, but participants who had devascularisation were less likely to suffer encephalopathy (disease of the brain due to damage from toxins produced by the liver). Neither of the trials addressed quality of life after treatment. Conclusions Given the very low certainty of the evidence due to the way the clinical trials were performed, limited trial data and trial participants, we were unable to determine whether one treatment is better than the other. We suggest that future trials include a sufficient number of randomised participants to be able to obtain meaningful results on patient‐relevant outcomes and allow objective comparison of these two surgery types.
Pelargonium sidoides extract for treating acute respiratory tract infections; Abstract - Background  Pelargonium sidoides  ( P. sidoides ), also known as Umckaloabo, is a herbal remedy thought to be effective in the treatment of acute respiratory infections (ARIs). Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of  P. sidoides  for the treatment of ARIs in children and adults. Search methods In April 2013 we searched MEDLINE, Journals@Ovid,  The Cochrane Library , Biosis Previews, Web of Science, CINAHL, CCMed, XToxline, Global Health, AMED, Derwent Drug File and Backfile, IPA, ISTPB + ISTP/ISSHP, EMBASE, Cambase, LILACS, PubMed component “Supplied by Publisher”, TRIPdatabase, the publisher databases: Deutsches Ärzteblatt, Thieme, Springer, ScienceDirect from Elsevier. We conducted a cited reference search (forward) in Web of Science of relevant papers for inclusion. In addition we searched the study registries ClinicalTrials.gov, Deutsches Register klinischer Studien DRKS (German Clinical Trials Register), International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) – WHO ICTRP, Current Controlled Trials and EU Clinical Trials Register. Selection criteria Double‐blind, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the efficacy of  P. sidoides  preparations in ARIs compared to placebo or any other treatment. Complete resolution of all symptoms was defined as the primary outcome; in addition, we examined resolution of predefined key symptoms. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors (AT, JG, WK) independently extracted and quality scored the data. We performed separate analyses by age group and disease entity. Subanalysis considered type of preparation (liquid, tablets). We examined heterogeneity using the I 2  statistic. We calculated pooled risk ratios (RR) using a fixed‐effect model if heterogeneity was absent (I 2  < 5%; P > 0.1), or a random‐effects model in the presence of heterogeneity. If heterogeneity was substantial (I 2  > 50%; P < 0.10), a pooled effect was not calculated. Main results Of 10 eligible studies eight were included in the analyses; two were of insufficient quality. Three trials (746 patients, low quality of evidence) of efficacy in acute bronchitis in adults showed effectiveness for most outcomes in the liquid preparation but not for tablets. Three other trials (819 children, low quality of evidence) showed similar results for acute bronchitis in children. For both meta‐analyses, we did not pool subtotals due to relevant heterogeneity induced by type of preparation. One study in patients with sinusitis (n = 103 adults, very low quality of evidence) showed significant treatment effects (complete resolution at day 21; RR 0.43, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.30 to 0.62). One study in the common cold demonstrated efficacy after 10 days, but not five days (very low quality of evidence). We rated the study quality as moderate for all studies (unvalidated outcome assessment, minor attrition problems, investigator‐initiated trials only). Based on the funnel plot there was suspicion of publication bias. There were no valid data for the treatment of other acute respiratory tract infections. Adverse events were more common with  P. sidoides , but none were serious. Authors' conclusions P. sidoides  may be effective in alleviating symptoms of acute rhinosinusitis and the common cold in adults, but doubt exists. It may be effective in relieving symptoms in acute bronchitis in adults and children, and sinusitis in adults. The overall quality of the evidence was considered low for main outcomes in acute bronchitis in children and adults, and very low for acute sinusitis and the common cold. Reliable data on treatment for other ARIs were not identified. Plain language summary Pelargonium sidoides  (Umckaloabo), a herbal remedy, for treating acute respiratory tract infections Umckaloabo is a herbal extract derived from the plant Pelargonium sidoides  ( P. sidoides ) and is available in both tablet and liquid forms. The extract is used for the treatment of acute respiratory tract infections (ARIs) where antibiotic use is unnecessary. In the light of inappropriate antibiotic use and increasing drug resistance rates worldwide, the need for an alternative, effective remedy for these medical conditions is crucial. On the other hand, there are concerns as to the safety of Umckaloabo. We reviewed 10 randomized clinical trials of which eight were of sufficient quality for inclusion into the analyses. Three trials dealt with acute bronchitis in adults and showed inconsistent but overall positive results for resolution of symptoms (all symptoms, cough and sputum production). For acute bronchitis in children, there were also three studies showing an inconsistent but overall positive combined effect. The available data indicate that the tablet form may be less effective compared to the alcoholic extract. However, the number of trials is not sufficient to prove this. One study each was available for the treatment of acute sinusitis and the common cold in adults. Both showed that the drug was effective in resolving all symptoms including headaches and nasal discharge when taken for an extended time period. Adverse events were more common with  P. sidoides , but none were severe. Overall we considered the quality of the evidence low or very low for all major outcomes as there were few studies per disease entity, and all were from the same investigator (the manufacturer) and performed in the same region (Ukraine and Russia). Thus, in summary, there is limited evidence for the effectiveness of  P. sidoides  in the treatment of ARIs. The evidence is up to date as of April 2013.
Artemisinin derivatives for treating uncomplicated malaria; Abstract - Background Artemisinin derivatives are a relatively new group of drugs with antimalarial properties. As resistance to other antimalarial drugs continues to increase, artemisinin drugs may be useful alternatives. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of artemisinin drugs for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index, LILACS, African Index Medicus, conference abstracts, and reference lists of relevant articles. We contacted organisations, researchers in the field, and drug companies. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials of artemisinin derivatives, alone or in combination with other antimalarials, compared with standard antimalarial treatments, in adults or children with uncomplicated falciparum malaria. Only trials where treatment was given by mouth or suppository were included. Comparisons between different artemisinin derivatives and treatment regimens were also included. Data collection and analysis Eligibility and trial quality were assessed and data were extracted independently by the two reviewers. Main results Forty‐one trials involving over 5000 patients were included. Variation in study design and quality made synthesis of the data problematic. Allocation concealment was adequate in only two trials. Most data were from areas of multidrug resistant falciparum malaria in South‐East Asia. Compared with standard antimalarial treatments, artemisinin drugs showed fast parasite clearance and high cure rates at follow‐up, provided the duration of treatment with artemisinin drugs was adequate. Combination with mefloquine improved sustained parasite clearance and was effective in multidrug resistant areas. When doses were adequate, the combination shortened the duration of treatment. We found no evidence that artemisinin drugs are more harmful than standard treatment drugs over a typical trial period of 28 days. Authors' conclusions The evidence suggests that artemisinin drugs are effective and safe for treating uncomplicated malaria. There is no evidence from randomised trials that one artemisinin derivative is better than the others. In areas where there is mefloquine resistance, combination therapy with an artemisinin derivative appears to improve sustained parasite clearance compared with either drug alone. This review summarizes trials up to 1999. For the reasons in the 'What's new' section, this review will no longer be updated. 8 May 2019 No update planned Review superseded A wide variety of artemisinin derivative combination treatments are now in use. Please refer to the Cochrane Special Collection: Sinclair 2014 https://doi.org/10.1002/14651858.SC000007/full Plain language summary Artemisinin drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria are better used in combination therapy Artemisinin drugs come originally from a plant that has been used since ancient times in China as a traditional medicine for fever and malaria. These drugs act quickly and few side effects have been reported. Malaria parasites have so far not developed resistance to artemisinin drugs. The review shows that artemisinin drugs clear malaria parasites from the blood more effectively than standard treatment drugs. In areas where malaria parasites are more resistant to existing drugs, such as South‐East Asia, artemisinin drugs are not better at sustained parasite clearance than standard treatment with quinine or mefloquine. Combination treatment using an artemisinin drug together with the longer‐acting antimalarial drug mefloquine improves sustained clearance of parasites, but mefloquine is associated with adverse effects. There are few studies on combination treatment with longer‐acting antimalarial drugs that are safer than mefloquine. There is no evidence from trials that any of the several artemisinin derivatives is better than the others.
Modes of administration of antibiotics for symptomatic severe urinary tract infections; Abstract - Background Urinary tract infection (UTI), worldwide, is a major source of disease in children and adults. As it may have long‐term consequences such as kidney failure and hypertension, it is important to treat patients with UTI adequately. Although standard management of severe UTI usually means intravenous (IV) therapy, at least initially, there are studies showing that oral therapy may also be effective. Objectives To assess whether the mode of administration of antibiotic therapy for severe UTI has an effect on cure rate, reinfection rate and kidney scarring. Search methods The Cochrane Renal Group's specialised register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, in  The Cochrane Library) , MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched. No language restriction was applied. Reference lists of relevant articles and reviews were checked for additional studies and authors of relevant articles/abstracts were contacted for further information. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different modes of antibiotic application for patients with severe UTI (children and adults) were considered. Data collection and analysis Study quality was assessed and data extracted. Statistical analyses were performed using the random effects model and the results expressed as risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous outcomes or mean difference (MD) for continuous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Fifteen RCTs (1743 patients) were included. Studies compared oral versus parenteral treatment (1), oral versus switch treatment (initial intravenous (IV) or intramuscular (IM) therapy followed by oral therapy) (5), switch versus parenteral treatment (6) and single dose parenteral followed by oral therapy versus oral (1) or switch therapy (3). There was a variety of short‐term and long‐term outcomes, but no pooled outcomes showed significant differences. Most included studies were small though and there were few outcomes for combination in a meta‐analysis. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence suggesting that oral antibiotic therapy is less effective for treatment of severe UTI than parenteral or initial parenteral therapy. The results of this review suggest that the mode of application does not determine therapeutic success. Plain language summary No evidence that oral antibiotic therapy is less effective for treating urinary tract infection than intravenous antibiotics Severe urinary tract infection (UTI) is a common infection in adults and children, causing acute disease with a variety of symptoms such as fever and flank pain. This may lead to kidney damage, kidney failure or hypertension. Standard therapy involves antibiotics given at least initially by injection. This review identified 15 studies (1743 participants). The results of this review suggest oral therapy is equally effective in treating UTI and preventing long‐term damage. This might reduce costs but also inconvenience for the patient.
Antibiotics for infection prevention after excision of the cervical transformation zone; Abstract - Background Excision of the transformation zone of the cervix is the most commonly used approach to treat cervical precancerous lesions (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) to reduce the risk of developing cervical cancer. As the excision of the transformation zone leaves a raw area on the cervix, there is a risk of infection following the procedure. The incidence of infection after cold knife conization (CKC) is 36%, whereas the incidence for large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ, also known as loop electrical excision procedure (LEEP)) is much lower (0.8% to 14.4%). Prophalytic antibiotics may prevent an infection developing and are often prescribed for CKC. However, there are no formal recommendations regarding the use of prophylactic antibiotics for infection prevention in women undergoing surgical excisional treatment for cervical precancerous lesions. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of antibiotics for infection prevention following excision of the cervical transformation zone. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2016, Issue 4), MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS to May 2016. We also checked registers of clinical trials, citation lists of included studies, key textbooks and previous systematic reviews for potentially relevant studies Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effectiveness and safety of prophylactic antibiotics versus a placebo or no treatment in women having excision of the cervical transformation zone, regardless of the type of surgical excisional method used. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Two review authors independently selected potentially relevant trials, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias, compared results and resolved disagreements by discussion. We contacted investigators for additional data, where possible. Main results Of the 370 records that we identified as a result of the search (excluding duplicates), we regarded six abstracts and titles as potentially relevant studies. Of these six studies, three met the inclusion criteria involving 708 participants; most trials were at moderate or high risk of bias (risk mainly due to lack of blinding and high rate of incomplete data). We did not identify any ongoing trials. Although all included studies had been published in peer‐reviewed journals at the time of the search and data extraction, numerical data regarding the outcome measured in one trial involving 77 participants were insufficient for inclusion in a meta‐analyses. The difference in the rates of prolonged vaginal discharge or presumed cervicitis (one study; 348 participants; risk ratio (RR), 1.29; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 2.31; low‐quality evidence) and severe vaginal bleeding (two studies; 638 participants; RR 1.21; 95% CI 0.52 to 2.82; very low‐quality evidence) among the two comparison groups did not reach the level for clinically important effect. In addition, there was no difference in adverse events related to antibiotics i.e. nausea/vomiting, diarrhoea, and headache among the two comparison groups (two studies; 638 participants; RR 1.69; 95% CI 0.85 to 3.34; very low‐quality evidence). There were no differences in the incidence of fever (RR, 2.23; 95% CI 0.20 to 24.36), lower abdominal pain (RR, 1.03; 95% CI 0.61 to 1.72), unscheduled medical consultation (RR 2.68, 95% CI 0.97 to 7.41), and additional self‐medication (RR 1.22; 95% CI 0.56 to 2.67) between the two comparison groups (one study; 290 participants; low to very low‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions As only limited data are available from three trials with overall moderate to high risk of bias, there is insufficient evidence to support use of antibiotics to reduce infectious complications following excision of the cervical transformation zone. In addition, there were minimal data about antibiotic‐related adverse events and no information on the risk of developing antibiotic resistance. Antibiotics given for infection prevention after excision of the cervical transformation zone should only be used in the context of clinical research, to avoid unnecessary prescription of antibiotics and to prevent further increases in antibiotic resistance. Plain language summary Prophylactic antibiotics to prevent infection after cervical excision Background   Pre‐cancerous cervical lesions can be treated by either excision or destruction of the abnormal cells from the cervix, to reduce the risk of developing cervical cancer in the future. The advantage of excisional treatment is that the abnormal cells are removed, rather than destroyed, so tissue can be sent for detailed examination to confirm the diagnosis histologically and make sure the affected area has been completely removed. As the excision of the transformation zone leaves a raw area on the cervix, there is a risk of getting an infection following the procedure. Antibiotics are sometimes given before surgical procedures to prevent infection developing (prophylactic), rather than to treat an existing infection. However, prophylactic antibiotics may not be necessary or effective. In addition, antibiotics can cause side effects (adverse events). Importantly, there are increasing concerns about antibiotic over‐use promoting antibiotic resistance in bacteria. Review question   Do prophylactic antibiotics prevent infection in women undergoing excision of the cervical transformation zone and what are the side effects? Main findings   We searched the literature to May 2016 and found three published randomised trials that met the review inclusion criteria. We did not identify any ongoing trials. The three included studies involved 708 participants who had undergone excisional treatment to the cervix (known as laser or large loop excision of transformation zone (LLETZ) or loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP)). Two studies tested a antimicrobial vaginal pessary versus no treatment; the other tested oral antibiotics compared with placebo. We found that there was no benefit to prophylactic antibiotics after LLETZ to reduce or prevent prolonged vaginal discharge, severe vaginal bleeding, fever, lower abdominal pain, unscheduled medical consultation, and additional self‐medication. There was little information on antibiotic‐related adverse effects. The limited evidence available does not support routinely giving antibiotics for infection prevention after LLETZ. As there are growing concerns with antibiotic resistance, antibiotics for infection prevention after excision of the cervical transformation zones should only be used in the context of clinical trials. Quality of the evidence   The quality of the evidence regarding prophylactic antibiotics for preventing severe vaginal bleeding, fever, and adverse events was very low, with evidence from other comparisons being of low quality.
Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for the common cold; Abstract - Background Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) have been widely used for the treatment of pain and fever associated with the common cold. Objectives To determine the effects of NSAIDs versus placebo (and other treatments) on signs and symptoms of the common cold, and to determine any adverse effects of NSAIDs in people with the common cold. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 4, April), (January 1966 to April week 3, 2015), EMBASE (January 1980 to April 2015), CINAHL (January 1982 to April 2015) and ProQuest Digital Dissertations (January 1938 to April 2015). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of NSAIDS in adults or children with the common cold. Data collection and analysis Four review authors extracted data. We subdivided trials into placebo‐controlled RCTs and head‐to‐head comparisons of NSAIDs. We extracted and summarised data on global analgesic effects (such as reduction of headache and myalgia), non‐analgesic effects (such as reduction of nasal symptoms, cough, sputum and sneezing) and side effects. We expressed dichotomous outcomes as risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and continuous data as mean differences (MD) or standardised mean differences (SMD). We pooled data using the fixed‐effect and random‐effects models. Main results We included nine RCTs with 1069 participants, describing 37 comparisons: six were NSAIDs versus placebo and three were NSAIDs versus NSAIDs. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was mixed. In a pooled analysis, NSAIDs did not significantly reduce the total symptom score (SMD ‐0.40, 95% CI ‐1.03 to 0.24, three studies, random‐effects model), or duration of colds (MD ‐0.23, 95% CI ‐1.75 to 1.29, two studies, random‐effects model). For respiratory symptoms, cough did not improve (SMD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.66 to 0.56, two studies, random‐effects model) but the sneezing score significantly improved (SMD ‐0.44, 95% CI ‐0.75 to ‐0.12, two studies, random‐effects model). For outcomes related to the analgesic effects of NSAIDs (headache, ear pain, and muscle and joint pain) the treatment produced significant benefits. The risk of adverse effects was not high with NSAIDs (RR 2.94, 95% CI 0.51 to 17.03, two studies, random‐effects model) but it is difficult to conclude that such drugs are no different from placebo. The quality of the evidence may be estimated as 'moderate' because of imprecision. The major limitations of this review are that the results of the studies are quite diverse and the number of studies for one result is quite small. Authors' conclusions NSAIDs are somewhat effective in relieving the discomfort caused by a cold but there is no clear evidence of their effect in easing respiratory symptoms. The balance of benefit and harms needs to be considered when using NSAIDs for colds. Plain language summary Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for the common cold Review question   We carried out a review on the effects of non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for treating pain or respiratory symptoms such as cough associated with the common cold. Background   The common cold is the most common and widespread illness known to humans. NSAIDs, for example, aspirin, ibuprofen and naproxen, have analgesic (pain‐reducing) and antipyretic (fever‐reducing) effects. NSAIDs have been widely used for over a century for the treatment of pain and fever associated with the common cold. Study characteristics   The evidence is current to April 2015. This review found nine studies (1069 participants of both genders, including children, adults and older people from the USA, Japan, Belgium and Denmark) that compared various NSAIDs either with each other or with an inactive substance that has no treatment value (placebo). Key results   Our findings suggest that NSAIDs may improve most analgesia‐related symptoms caused by the common cold (headache, ear pain, and muscle and joint pain), but there is no clear evidence that NSAIDs are effective in improving coughs and runny noses caused by the common cold. Some of the included trials reported gastrointestinal complaints, rash and oedema (fluid retention) in the NSAIDs group. Quality of the evidence   The quality of the evidence may be estimated as 'moderate' because of imprecision. The major limitations of this review are that the results of the studies are quite diverse and the number of studies for each outcome is quite small. Conclusion   NSAIDs are somewhat effective in relieving the discomfort caused by a cold but there is no clear evidence of their effect in easing respiratory symptoms. The balance of benefit and harms needs to be considered when using NSAIDs for colds.
Antibiotics for mastitis in breastfeeding women; Abstract - Background Mastitis can be caused by ineffective positioning of the baby at the breast or restricted feeding. Infective mastitis is commonly caused by  Staphylococcus aureus . The prevalence of mastitis in breastfeeding women may reach 33%. Effective milk removal, pain medication and antibiotic therapy have been the mainstays of treatment. Objectives This review aims to examine the effectiveness of antibiotic therapies in relieving symptoms for breastfeeding women with mastitis with or without laboratory investigation. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2012), contacted investigators and other content experts known to us for unpublished trials and scanned the reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing the effectiveness of various types of antibiotic therapies or antibiotic therapy versus alternative therapies for the treatment of mastitis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. When in dispute, we consulted a third author. Main results Two trials met the inclusion criteria. One small trial (n = 25) compared amoxicillin with cephradine and found no significant difference between the two antibiotics in terms of symptom relief and abscess formation. Another, older study compared breast emptying alone as 'supportive therapy' versus antibiotic therapy plus supportive therapy, and no therapy. The findings of the latter study suggested faster clearance of symptoms for women using antibiotics, although the study design was problematic. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to confirm or refute the effectiveness of antibiotic therapy for the treatment of lactational mastitis. There is an urgent need to conduct high‐quality, double‐blinded RCTs to determine whether antibiotics should be used in this common postpartum condition. Plain language summary Antibiotics for mastitis in breastfeeding women Inflammation of the breast, or mastitis, can be infective or non‐infective. Infective mastitis is one of the most common infections experienced by breastfeeding women. The condition (infective or not) varies in severity, ranging from mild symptoms with some local inflammation, redness, warmth and tenderness in the affected breast through to more serious symptoms including fever, abscess and septicaemia, which may require hospitalisation. Recovery can take time, and there may be substantial discomfort for the affected mother and her baby. Mastitis usually occurs during the first three months after birth and results in the mother being confined to bed for one day, followed by restricted activity. The condition is associated with decreased milk secretion, decreased productivity, and in difficulties caring for the baby. This burden to mothers, along with the cost of care, the potential negative impact on continuation of breastfeeding, and the danger of serious complications such as septicaemia, makes mastitis a serious condition which warrants early diagnosis and effective therapy. The review included two studies and approximately 125 women. One study compared two different antibiotics, and there were no differences between the two antibiotics for symptom relief. A second study comparing no treatment, breast emptying, and antibiotic therapy, with breast emptying suggested more rapid symptom relief with antibiotics. There is very little evidence on the effectiveness of antibiotic therapy, and more research is needed.
Fish oil for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis; Abstract - Background Fish oil supplements, which are rich in n‐3 fatty acids, may reduce inflammation, decrease the need for anti‐inflammatory drugs, and promote normal weight gain in people with ulcerative colitis. Objectives This review evaluates the efficacy of fish oil for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis using all available randomised controlled trials. Search methods The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), PUBMED, EMBASE, CINAHL, the database of ongoing trials and the reference lists of all publications of included or excluded trials were searched. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials with active ulcerative colitis patients who were treated with fish oil. Data collection and analysis The reviewers performed study selection, assessment of methodological quality by using different approaches: including Cochrane assessment of allocation concealment and Jadad quality assessment score. Data extraction forms were used by the two reviewers to extract the data independently. Authors were contacted for additional information. Main results Six studies were included. Three were of cross‐over design and three were of parallel design. No data were pooled for analysis due to differences in outcomes and methodology among the included studies. One small study shows a positive benefit for induction of remission (RR 19.00; 95% CI 1.27 to 284.24). Some of the other included studies show some positive benefits for secondary outcomes. However, these results need to be interpreted with caution due to small study size and poor study quality. Authors' conclusions The current data does not allow for a definitive conclusion regarding the efficacy of fish oil. There is no adequate information to make recommendations for clinical practice. More research is required. Plain language summary Fish oil for the treatment of active ulcerative colitis Ulcerative colitis is an inflammation of the large intestine that causes diarrhea, abdominal pain, rectal bleeding and fever. Since there is no cure for the disease the aim of treatment is to cause a reduction of the unpleasant and painful signs and symptoms. Current, proven, treatment options for active ulcerative colitis include corticosteroids, aminosalicylates, immunosuppressive and biological agents. However, these drugs can cause side effects. New treatments which cause fewer side effects are being sought. Fish oil, which is rich in omega‐3 fatty acids may reduce inflammation and decrease the need for anti‐inflammatory drugs in patients with ulcerative colitis. Six studies looking at the effects of fish oil in active ulcerative colitis were included in the review. Study quality was mostly poor. One small study showed a positive benefit for the treatment of active ulcerative colitis. However, this result should be interpreted with caution due to small study size and poor study quality. Due to limited data there is not enough information available to determine whether fish oil treatment is effective for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis.
Antimicrobial agents for preventing urinary tract infections in adults undergoing cystoscopy; Abstract - Background Cystoscopy is commonly performed for diagnostic purposes to inspect the interior lining of the bladder. One disadvantage of cystoscopy is the risk of symptomatic urinary tract infection (UTI) due to pre‐existing colonization or by introduction of bacteria at the time of the procedure. However, the incidence of symptomatic UTI following cystoscopy is low. Currently, there is no consensus on whether antimicrobial agents should be used to prevent symptomatic UTI for cystoscopy. Objectives To assess the effects of antimicrobial agents compared with placebo or no treatment for prevention of UTI in adults undergoing cystoscopy. Search methods We comprehensively searched electronic databases of the Cochrane Library, PubMed, Embase, LILACS, and CINAHL. We searched the WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov for ongoing trials. We used no language or date restrictions in the electronic searches. We searched the reference lists of identified articles and contacted authors for related information. The last search of the electronic databases was 4 February 2019. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs that compared any prophylactic antibiotic versus placebo, no treatment, or other non‐antibiotic prophylaxis in adults undergoing cystoscopy. There was no restriction on the dose, frequency, formulation, duration, or mode of administration of the antibiotics. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were systemic UTI, symptomatic UTI (composite of systemic and/or localized UTI), and serious adverse events. Secondary outcomes were minor adverse events, localized UTI, asymptomatic bacteriuria, and bacterial resistance. We assessed the quality of evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 20 RCTs and two quasi‐RCTs with 7711 participants, all of which compared antibiotic prophylaxis with placebo or no treatment control. We found no studies comparing antibiotic prophylaxis with non‐antibiotic prophylaxis. Primary outcomes Systemic UTI : antibiotic prophylaxis may have little or no effect on the risk of systemic UTI compared with placebo or no treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 3.32; 5 RCTs; 504 participants; low‐quality evidence); this corresponds to two more people (95% CI 12 fewer to 46 more) per 1000 people developing a systemic UTI. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for study limitations and imprecision. Symptomatic UTI : antibiotic prophylaxis may reduce the risk of symptomatic UTI (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.86; 11 RCTs; 5441 participants; low‐quality evidence); this corresponds to 30 fewer people (95% CI 42 fewer to 8 fewer) per 1000 people developing a symptomatic UTI when provided with antibiotic prophylaxis. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for study limitations and potential publication bias. Serious adverse events : the studies reported no serious adverse events in either the intervention group or control group and no effect size could be calculated. Antibiotic prophylaxis may have little or no effect on serious adverse events (4 RCTs, 630 participants; very low‐quality evidence), but we are very uncertain of this finding. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for study limitations and very serious imprecision. Secondary outcomes Minor adverse events : prophylactic antibiotics may have little or no effect on minor adverse events when compared with placebo or no treatment (RR 2.82, 95% CI 0.54 to 14.80; 4 RCTs; 630 participants; low‐quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence for study limitations and imprecision. Localized UTI : prophylactic antibiotics may have little or no effect on the risk of localized UTI (RR 1.0, 95% CI 0.06 to 15.77; 1 RCT; 200 participants; very low‐quality evidence), but we were very uncertain of this finding. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for study limitations and very serious imprecision. Bacterial resistance : prophylactic antibiotics may increase bacterial resistance (RR 1.73, 95% CI 1.04 to 2.87; 38 participants; 2 RCTs; very low‐quality evidence), but we were uncertain of this finding. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for study limitations, indirectness, and imprecision. We were able to perform few secondary analyses; these did not suggest any subgroup effects. Authors' conclusions Antibiotic prophylaxis may reduce the risk of symptomatic UTI but not systemic UTIs. Serious and minor adverse events may not be increased with the use of antibiotic prophylaxis. The findings are informed by low‐ and very low‐quality evidence ratings for all outcomes. Plain language summary Antimicrobial agents for preventing urinary tract infections in adults undergoing cystoscopy Review question We reviewed the evidence for the benefits and harms of using antibiotics for cystoscopy (an examination of the inside of bladder) to prevent urinary tract infections (UTI). Background Cystoscopy may cause UTIs. This may cause bothersome symptoms like burning with urination due to an infection limited to the bladder or fevers and chills due to a more serious infection that has goes to the bloodstream, or a combination of burning, fevers, and chills. Antibiotics may prevent infections and reduce these symptoms but can also cause unwanted effects. It is uncertain whether people should be given antibiotics before this procedure. Study characteristics We found 22 studies with 7711 participants. These studies were published from 1971 to 2017. In these studies, chance decided whether people received an antibiotic or a placebo/no treatment. The evidence is current to 4 February 2019. Key results Antibiotics given for UTI prevention before cystoscopy may have had little or no effect on the risk of developing a more serious infection that went into the bloodstream. They may have reduced the risk of infection when both serious infection that went into the bloodstream and infections limited to the bladder were taken together. None of the people included in the trials had serious unwanted effects. Therefore, we concluded that antibiotics given for prevention of UTIs may not cause serious unwanted effects but we are very uncertain of this finding. Antibiotics may also have had little or no effect on minor unwanted effects. They may also have had little or no effect on infections limited to the bladder taken alone, but we were very uncertain of this finding. People treated with antibiotics may have been more likely to have bacteria that were more resistant to antibiotics, but we are very uncertain of this finding. Quality of the evidence We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low meaning that our confidence in the results was limited or very limited. The true effect of antibiotics for prevention of UTIs before cystoscopy may be quite different from what this review found.
Advising patients to increase fluid intake for treating acute respiratory infections; Abstract - Background Acute respiratory infection is a common reason for people to present for medical care. Advice to increase fluid intake is a frequent treatment recommendation. Attributed benefits of fluids include replacing increased insensible fluid losses, correcting dehydration from reduced intake and reducing the viscosity of mucus. However, there are theoretical reasons for increased fluid intake to cause harm. Anti‐diuretic hormone secretion is increased in lower respiratory tract infections of various aetiologies. This systematic examination of the evidence sought to determine the benefit versus harm from increasing fluid intake. Objectives To answer the following questions. 1. Does recommending increased fluid intake as a treatment for acute respiratory infections improve duration and severity of symptoms?   2. Are there adverse effects from recommending increased fluids in people with acute respiratory infections?   3. Are any benefits or harms related to site of infection (upper or lower respiratory tract) or a different severity of illness? Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2010, issue 4), which contains the Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to November Week 3, 2010), EMBASE (1974 to December 2010), Current Contents (2000 to December 2010) and CINAHL (1982 to December 2010). We searched reference lists of articles identified and contacted experts in the relevant disciplines. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effect of increasing fluid intake in people with acute respiratory infections. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the identified studies to determine eligibility for inclusion. Main results No RCTs assessing the effect of increasing fluid intake in acute respiratory infections were found. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence from RCTs for or against the recommendation to increase fluids in acute respiratory infections. The implications for fluid management of acute respiratory infections in the outpatient or primary care setting have not been studied in any RCTs to date. Some non‐experimental (observational) studies report that increasing fluid intake in acute respiratory infections of the lower respiratory tract may cause harm. RCTs need to be done to determine the true effect of this very common medical advice. Plain language summary Advising patients to increase fluid intake for treating acute respiratory infections Doctors commonly recommend that people with acute respiratory infections drink extra fluids. Acute infections include colds, acute sinusitis, tonsillitis, laryngitis, bronchitis, pneumonia and influenza. This review intended to find out the benefit or harm from this recommendation. Potential benefits of fluids are replacing fluid lost because of fever or rapid breathing, treating dehydration and reducing the viscosity of mucus. In infections of the lower part of the respiratory tract, possible harmful effects of fluids might be a dilution of the blood sodium concentration, leading to headache, confusion and seizures. This review found no evidence for or against the use of increased fluids in acute respiratory infections. No randomised controlled trials have been conducted to determine the benefit or harm from extra fluids. It is important that further studies be done in order to determine the true effect of this very common medical advice.
Quinolones for uncomplicated acute cystitis in women; Abstract - Background Uncomplicated acute cystitis is one of the most common bacterial infections in adults. The percentage of women who have at least one episode of acute cystitis is estimated to be between 40% to 50%. Quinolones are recommended for acute cystitis in regions where the level of resistance to other antimicrobials namely co‐trimoxazole is high. However the efficacy, safety and tolerance of quinolones needs investigation. Objectives To compare the efficacy, safety and tolerance of different quinolones in women with uncomplicated acute cystitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, in  The Cochrane Library  Issue 3, 2003), MEDLINE (1966 ‐ September 2003), EMBASE (1988 ‐ September 2003), reference lists of articles and abstracts from conference proceedings without language restriction. Reference lists of urology, infectious diseases and nephrology textbooks, review articles and relevant studies. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing two or more different quinolones in women (≥ 16 years) with uncomplicated acute cystitis were selected. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Statistical analyses were performed using the random effects model and the results expressed as risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We identified 11 studies enrolling 7535 women. There were no significant differences in clinical or microbiological efficacy between quinolones. Photosensitivity reactions were more frequently observed for sparfloxacin when compared to ofloxacin. Any adverse event, adverse events causing withdrawal, skin adverse events, photosensitivity reactions were more common for lomefloxacin when compared to norfloxacin. Any adverse event, adverse drug reactions, CNS adverse events were more common for ofloxacin when compared to ciprofloxacin. CNS adverse events and insomnia were more often reported for rufloxacin when compared to pefloxacin. Adverse drug reactions occurred frequently for ofloxacin than levofloxacin. Insomnia was reported more frequently for enoxacin than ciprofloxacin. Authors' conclusions We found no significant differences in clinical or microbiological efficacy between quinolones but some differences in occurrence and spectrum of quinolone safety. Plain language summary There is no evidence of difference in clinical and microbiological efficacy of quinolones for uncomplicated acute cystitis in women, but there is some evidence of differences in occurrence and range of adverse reactions. Urinary tract infection (UTI) refers to the presence of a certain threshold number of bacteria in the urine. Bacterial cystitis (bacteria in the bladder, also called acute cystitis) can occur in men and women and the signs and symptoms include dysuria (pain on passing urine), frequency, cloudy urine, occasionally haematuria (blood in the urine), and is often associated with pyuria (high urine white blood cell count). There is an additional important distinction between complicated and uncomplicated UTI. Complicated UTIs are those associated with fever and/or back pain (indicating kidney infection), UTIs in men, UTIs associated with indwelling or intermittent urinary catheters, obstructive uropathy (any changes in the urinary tract due to obstruction), vesicoureteric reflux (urine travels from the bladder back up toward the kidneys) and other urological abnormalities. These types of infections require more intensive treatment. Uncomplicated acute cystitis is the most prevalent form of uncomplicated UTI in women. Quinolones are recommended as the drugs of choice for acute cystitis in regions where the level of resistance to other antimicrobials namely co‐trimoxazole is high. The aim of this systematic review was to investigate which quinolone is most effective in treating uncomplicated acute cystitis and to also investigate safety and how well they are tolerated. Eleven studies (7535 women) were identified. No two studies compared the same quinolones. We found no significant differences in clinical or microbiological efficacy between quinolones. Several adverse events were reported in the individual studies. These included photosensitivity, insomnia, skin adverse events, central nervous system adverse events and adverse events leading to withdrawal to treatment. We were unable to determine which quinolone would be the safest or the most tolerated due to the lack of head‐to‐head data.
Beta2‐agonists for acute cough or a clinical diagnosis of acute bronchitis; Abstract - Background The diagnosis of acute bronchitis is made on clinical grounds and a variety of clinical definitions have been used. There are no clearly effective treatments for the cough of acute bronchitis. Beta2‐agonists are often prescribed, perhaps because clinicians suspect many patients also have reversible airflow restriction (as seen in asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)) contributing to the symptoms. Objectives To determine whether beta2‐agonists improve acute bronchitis symptoms in people with no underlying pulmonary disease (such as asthma, COPD or pulmonary fibrosis). Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) 2015, Issue 5, MEDLINE (January 1966 to May 2015), EMBASE (1974 to May 2015), Web of Science (2011 to May 2015) and LILACS (1982 to May 2015). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which allocated people (adults, or children over two years of age) with acute bronchitis or acute cough and without known pulmonary disease to beta2‐agonist versus placebo, no treatment or alternative treatment. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently selected outcomes and extracted data while blinded to study results. Two review authors independently assessed each trial for risk of bias. We analysed trials in children and adults separately. Main results Two trials of moderate quality in children (n = 134) with no evidence of airflow restriction did not find any benefits from oral beta2‐agonists. Five trials in adults (n = 418) had mixed results but overall summary statistics did not reveal any significant benefits from oral (three trials) nor from inhaled (two trials) beta2‐agonists. Three studies with low‐quality evidence demonstrated no significant differences in daily cough scores, nor in the percentage of adults still coughing after seven days (control group 71%; risk ratio (RR) 0.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.63 to 1.18; 220 participants). In one trial, subgroups with evidence of airflow limitation had lower symptom scores if given beta2‐agonists. The trials that noted quicker resolution of cough with beta2‐agonists were those with a higher proportion of people wheezing at baseline. Low‐quality evidence suggests that adults given beta2‐agonists were more likely to report tremor, shakiness or nervousness (RR 7.94, 95% CI 1.17 to 53.94; 211 participants; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 2). Authors' conclusions There is no evidence to support the use of beta2‐agonists in children with acute cough who do not have evidence of airflow restriction. There is also little evidence that the routine use of beta2‐agonists is helpful for adults with acute cough. These agents may reduce symptoms, including cough, in people with evidence of airflow restriction. However, this potential benefit is not well supported by the available data and must be weighed against the adverse effects associated with their use. Plain language summary Beta2‐agonist drugs for treating cough or a clinical diagnosis of acute bronchitis Background Acute bronchitis is a chest infection, with cough and sometimes sputum production, chest pain and fever. People affected feel unwell and for those who do not have asthma or chronic lung disease there is no clear treatment. Viruses cause most cases of bronchitis, so antibiotics usually do not help. Beta2‐agonists (such as albuterol or salbutamol) are drugs that relieve asthma by relaxing muscles that cause narrowing in the passages to the lungs. They are sometimes used to relieve the cough in acute bronchitis, even in people who do not have asthma. Review question What are the benefits and harms of beta2‐agonist drugs for children or adults with a cough from acute bronchitis, and with no other lung disease? Study characteristics Our searches are current to May 2015. We found no new trials. In previous searches, we found seven randomised controlled trials that used beta2‐agonist drugs for people with acute bronchitis. Two trials studied children aged one to 10 years (134 participants) and five were conducted in adults (418 participants). None of the studies reported receiving grants from drug‐making companies to conduct the study, but people who work for a drug maker were listed as authors on reports from two trials and study drugs were supplied free of charge by the company in three trials. Key results Daily cough scores were no different between children given oral beta2‐agonists and children in the placebo control groups. Daily cough scores, or the number of people still coughing after seven days, did not change in the adult trials either. However, the results were mixed. Some trials show a benefit and some show no benefit. This may be because some participants also had wheezing or other signs of narrowed airways, in which case beta2‐agonists may be helpful only for them. More of the adults taking beta2‐agonists had tremor, shakiness or nervousness. Quality of the evidence We rated this as low or moderate. There were few trials, with small numbers of people with acute bronchitis or cough. The trials were of short duration (three to seven days) and only two used inhaled beta2‐agonists, which is now the usual way the drug is taken by adults and older children. Some important information about how the trial was done was not mentioned in the papers giving results for many of the trials.
Methods of delivering the placenta at caesarean section; Abstract - Background Worldwide, caesarean section is the most common major operation performed on women. Some of the reported short‐term morbidities include haemorrhage, postoperative fever and endometritis. The method of delivering the placenta is one procedure that may contribute to an increase or decrease in the morbidity of caesarean section. Two common methods used to deliver the placenta at caesarean section are cord traction and manual removal. Objectives To compare the effects of manual removal of the placenta with cord traction at caesarean section. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2007). Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials comparing manual removal and cord traction or spontaneous of delivery of the placenta. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed studies and extracted data. Main results We included 15 studies (4694 women). There was significant heterogeneity for the duration of surgery, blood loss and haematological outcomes. The only possible contributing factor found was greater protection from blood loss in two trials in which cord traction was combined with uterine massage. A random‐effects model meta‐analysis was used for these outcomes. Manual removal of the placenta was associated with more endometritis (relative risk (RR) 1.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.42 to 1.90; 4134 women, 13 trials); more blood loss (ml) (weighted mean difference (WMD) 94.42 ml, 95% CI 17.19 to 171.64; 2001 women, eight trials); more blood loss > 1000 ml (RR 1.81, 95% CI 1.44 to 2.28; 872 women, two trials); lower haematocrit after delivery (%) (WMD ‐1.55, 95% CI ‐3.09 to ‐0.01; 384 women, two trials); greater haematocrit fall after delivery (%) (WMD 0.39, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.78; 1777 women, five trials); longer duration of hospital stay (days) (WMD 0.39 days, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.61; 546 women, three trials).   The duration of surgery was shorter in one trial but not overall. There were no significant differences in feto‐maternal haemorrhage, blood transfusion, puerperal fever (numbers studied for these outcomes were small). Authors' conclusions Delivery of the placenta with cord traction at caesarean section has more advantages compared to manual removal. These are less endometritis; less blood loss; less decrease in haematocrit levels postoperatively; and shorter duration of hospital stay. Future trials should provide information on interval between the delivery of the infant and of the placenta, change in lochia, blood splashing during placental removal and uterine pain after operation, as well as the effects of delayed cord clamping. Plain language summary Placenta delivery at caesarean section There are various methods of delivery of placenta at caesarean section. These include placental drainage with spontaneous delivery, cord traction and manual removal. The last two methods: cord traction (usually combined with massage or expression of the uterus) and manual removal are frequently used. The review identified 15 studies involving 4694 women. Delivery of the placenta by cord traction at caesarean section has more advantages compared to manual removal. These are less endometritis; less blood loss; less decrease in haematocrit levels postoperatively; and shorter duration of hospital stay.
Abdominal surgical incisions for caesarean section; Abstract - Background Caesarean section is the commonest major operation performed on women worldwide. Operative techniques, including abdominal incisions, vary. Some of these techniques have been evaluated through randomised trials. Objectives To determine the benefits and risks of alternative methods of abdominal surgical incisions for caesarean section. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (28 February 2013). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of intention to perform caesarean section using different abdominal incisions. Data collection and analysis We extracted data from the sources, checked them for accuracy and analysed the data. Main results Four studies (666 women) were included in this review. Two studies (411 women) compared the Joel‐Cohen incision with the Pfannenstiel incision. Overall, there was a 65% reduction in reported postoperative febrile morbidity (risk ratio (RR) 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.87) with the Joel‐Cohen incision. One of the trials reported reduced postoperative analgesic requirements (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.76); operating time (mean difference (MD) ‐11.40, 95% CI ‐16.55 to ‐6.25 minutes); delivery time (MD ‐1.90, 95% CI ‐2.53 to ‐1.27 minutes); total dose of analgesia in the first 24 hours (MD ‐0.89, 95% CI ‐1.19 to ‐0.59); estimated blood loss (MD ‐58.00, 95% CI ‐108.51 to ‐7.49 mL); postoperative hospital stay for the mother (MD ‐1.50, 95% CI ‐2.16 to ‐0.84 days); and increased time to the first dose of analgesia (MD 0.80, 95% CI 0.12 to 1.48 hours) compared with the Pfannenstiel group. No other significant differences were found in either trial. Two studies compared muscle cutting incisions with Pfannenstiel incision. One study (68 women) comparing Mouchel incision with Pfannenstiel incision did not contribute data to this review. The other study (97 women) comparing the Maylard muscle‐cutting incision with the Pfannenstiel incision, reported no difference in febrile morbidity (RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.08 to 19.50); need for blood transfusion (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.02 to 9.98); wound infection (RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.27 to 5.91); physical tests on muscle strength at three months postoperative and postoperative hospital stay (MD 0.40 days, 95% CI ‐0.34 to 1.14). Authors' conclusions The Joel‐Cohen incision has advantages compared with the Pfannenstiel incision. These are: less fever, pain and analgesic requirements; less blood loss; shorter duration of surgery and hospital stay. These advantages for the mother could be extrapolated to savings for the health system. However, these trials do not provide information on severe or long‐term morbidity and mortality. Plain language summary Abdominal surgical incisions for caesarean section In a caesarean section operation, there are various types of incisions in the abdominal wall that can be used. These include vertical and transverse incisions, and there are variations in the specific ways the incisions can be undertaken. The review of studies identified four trials involving 666 women. The Joel‐Cohen incision showed better outcomes than the Pfannenstiel incision in terms of less fever for women, less postoperative pain, less blood loss, shorter duration of surgery and shorter hospital stay. However, the trials did not assess possible long‐term problems associated with different surgical techniques.
Pre‐emptive antifungal therapy versus empirical antifungal therapy for febrile neutropenia in people with cancer; Abstract - Background Intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy for people with cancer can cause severe and prolonged cytopenia, especially neutropenia, a critical condition that is potentially life‐threatening. When manifested by fever and neutropenia, it is called febrile neutropenia (FN). Invasive fungal disease (IFD) is one of the serious aetiologies of chemotherapy‐induced FN. In pre‐emptive therapy, physicians only initiate antifungal therapy when an invasive fungal infection is detected by a diagnostic test. Compared to empirical antifungal therapy, pre‐emptive therapy may reduce the use of antifungal agents and associated adverse effects, but may increase mortality. The benefits and harms associated with the two treatment strategies have yet to be determined.  Objectives To assess the relative efficacy, safety, and impact on antifungal agent use of pre‐emptive versus empirical antifungal therapy in people with cancer who have febrile neutropenia. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE Ovid, Embase Ovid, and ClinicalTrials.gov to October 2021. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre‐emptive antifungal therapy with empirical antifungal therapy for people with cancer. Data collection and analysis We identified 2257 records from the databases and handsearching. After removing duplicates, screening titles and abstracts, and reviewing full‐text reports, we included seven studies in the review. We evaluated the effects on all‐cause mortality, mortality ascribed to fungal infection, proportion of antifungal agent use (other than prophylactic use), duration of antifungal use (days), invasive fungal infection detection, and adverse effects for the comparison of pre‐emptive versus empirical antifungal therapy. We presented the overall certainty of the evidence for each outcome according to the GRADE approach. Main results This review includes 1480 participants from seven randomised controlled trials. Included studies only enroled participants at high risk of FN (e.g. people with haematological malignancy); none of them included participants at low risk (e.g. people with solid tumours).  Low‐certainty evidence suggests there may be little to no difference between pre‐emptive and empirical antifungal treatment for all‐cause mortality (risk ratio (RR) 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 1.30; absolute effect, reduced by 3/1000); and for mortality ascribed to fungal infection (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.89; absolute effect, reduced by 2/1000). Pre‐emptive therapy may decrease the proportion of antifungal agent used more than empirical therapy (other than prophylactic use; RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.05; absolute effect, reduced by 125/1000; very low‐certainty evidence). Pre‐emptive therapy may reduce the duration of antifungal use more than empirical treatment (mean difference (MD) ‐3.52 days, 95% CI ‐6.99 to ‐0.06, very low‐certainty evidence). Pre‐emptive therapy may increase invasive fungal infection detection compared to empirical treatment (RR 1.70, 95% CI 0.71 to 4.05; absolute effect, increased by 43/1000; very low‐certainty evidence). Although we were unable to pool adverse events in a meta‐analysis, there seemed to be no apparent difference in the frequency or severity of adverse events between groups. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the seven RCTs could blind participants and personnel related to performance bias. We identified considerable clinical and statistical heterogeneity, which reduced the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. However, the two mortality outcomes had less statistical heterogeneity than other outcomes. Authors' conclusions For people with cancer who are at high‐risk of febrile neutropenia, pre‐emptive antifungal therapy may reduce the duration and rate of use of antifungal agents compared to empirical therapy, without increasing over‐all and IFD‐related mortality; but the evidence regarding invasive fungal infection detection and adverse events was inconsistent and uncertain.  Plain language summary Pre‐emptive versus empirical antifungal therapy in people with cancer who have febrile neutropenia Intensive chemotherapy for people with cancer can cause severe and prolonged cytopenia (lower‐than‐normal number of blood cells), especially neutropenia (lower‐than‐normal white blood cells, which help to fight infection), a critical condition that is potentially life‐threatening. When a person has both fever and neutropenia, it is called febrile neutropenia (FN). Invasive fungal disease (IFD; an infection caused by a fungus) is one of the serious causes of chemotherapy‐induced FN.  There are two treatment strategies in this situation. In empirical antifungal therapy, an antifungal medicine is given when the doctor first suspects there is a fungal infection (e.g. person still has a fever after four to seven days of antibiotic therapy, or the doctor is still trying to pinpoint the cause of the fever). In pre‐emptive therapy, the doctor uses a series of laboratory screening tests to find what is causing the infection before starting the antifungal medicine.  Compared to empirical therapy, pre‐emptive therapy may reduce the use of antifungal medicines and the adverse effects they can cause, but may increase the number of deaths. The benefits and harms associated with the two treatment strategies have yet to be determined. Who will be interested in this review?  Healthcare professionals, including clinical oncologists; people with cancer and the people around them. What question does this review aim to answer?  This systematic review aimed to find and evaluate the evidence for the relative efficacy (how well they work); safety (the number and severity of side effects); and the impact of pre‐emptive versus empirical antifungal therapy on the use of antifungal medicines in people with cancer who have FN. Which studies were included in the review?  We searched electronic medical databases to find all relevant studies that included adults with cancer who had FN. To be included, the studies had to be randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which means the participants were divided at random (by chance alone), to receive either empirical or pre‐emptive antifungal medicine (last search October 2021). We included seven studies, involving 1480 people, which compared empirical and pre‐emptive antifungal treatment strategies.  What does the evidence from the review tell us?  For people with cancer and febrile neutropenia, there may be little or no difference in the number of deaths between those receiving pre‐emptive and those receiving empirical antifungal therapy. Pre‐emptive therapy may increase the rate of identifying IFD, and reduce the duration and rate of use of antifungal medicines, but has not been shown to reduce adverse events. The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low; at best, our confidence in the effect estimate is limited.  What should happen next?  Pre‐emptive therapy may be a promising treatment method for people with cancer who have FN. Since the trials reported different treatments, standardising treatment protocols will help to determine a more valid evaluation of the treatment effects.
Antibiotic prophylaxis during the second and third trimester to reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes and morbidity; Abstract - Background Several studies have suggested that prophylactic antibiotics given during pregnancy improved maternal and perinatal outcomes, while others have shown no benefit and some have reported adverse effects. Objectives To determine the effect of prophylactic antibiotics on maternal and perinatal outcomes during the second and third trimester of pregnancy for all women or women at risk of preterm delivery. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 April 2015) and reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing prophylactic antibiotic treatment with placebo or no treatment for women in the second or third trimester of pregnancy before labour. Data collection and analysis We assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results The review included eight randomised controlled trials. Approximately 4300 women were recruited to detect the effect of prophylactic antibiotic administration on pregnancy outcomes. Primary outcomes Antibiotic prophylaxis did not reduce the risk of preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (risk ratio (RR) 0.31; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 1.49 (one trial, 229 women),  low quality evidence ) or preterm delivery (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.72 to 1.09 (six trials, 3663 women), high quality evidence ). However, preterm delivery was reduced in the subgroup of pregnant women with a previous preterm birth who had bacterial vaginosis (BV) during the current pregnancy (RR 0.64; 95% CI 0.47 to 0.88 (one trial, 258 women)), but there was no reduction in the subgroup of pregnant women with previous preterm birth without BV during the pregnancy (RR 1.08; 95% CI 0.66 to 1.77 (two trials, 500 women)). A reduction in the risk of postpartum endometritis (RR 0.55; 95% CI 0.33 to 0.92 (one trial, 196 women)) was observed in high‐risk pregnant women (women with a history of preterm birth, low birthweight, stillbirth or early perinatal death) and in all women (RR 0.53; 95% CI 0.35 to 0.82 (three trials, 627 women),  moderate quality evidence ). There was no difference in low birthweight (RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.53 to 1.39 (four trials; 978 women)) or neonatal sepsis (RR 11.31; 95% CI 0.64 to 200.79) (one trial, 142 women)); and blood culture confirming sepsis was not reported in any of the studies. Secondary outcomes Antibiotic prophylaxis reduced the risk of prelabour rupture of membranes (RR 0.34; 95% CI 0.15 to 0.78 (one trial, 229 women),  low quality evidence ) and gonococcal infection (RR 0.35; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.94 (one trial, 204 women)). There were no differences observed in other secondary outcomes (congenital abnormality; small‐for‐gestational age; perinatal mortality), whilst many other secondary outcomes (e.g. intrapartum fever needing treatment with antibiotics) were not reported in included trials. Regarding the route of antibiotic administration, vaginal antibiotic prophylaxis during pregnancy did not prevent infectious pregnancy outcomes. The overall risk of bias was low, except that incomplete outcome data produced high risk of bias in some studies. The quality of the evidence using GRADE was assessed as low for preterm prelabour rupture of membranes, high for preterm delivery, moderate for postpartum endometritis, low for prelabour rupture of membranes, and very low for chorioamnionitis. Intrapartum fever needing treatment with antibiotics was not reported in any of the included studies. Authors' conclusions Antibiotic prophylaxis did not reduce the risk of preterm prelabour rupture of membranes or preterm delivery (apart from in the subgroup of women with a previous preterm birth who had bacterial vaginosis). Antibiotic prophylaxis given during the second or third trimester of pregnancy reduced the risk of postpartum endometritis, term pregnancy with pre‐labour rupture of membranes and gonococcal infection when given routinely to all pregnant women. Substantial bias possibly exists in the review's results because of a high rate of loss to follow‐up and the small numbers of studies included in each of our analyses. There is also insufficient evidence on possible harmful effects on the baby. Therefore, we conclude that there is not enough evidence to support the use of routine antibiotics during pregnancy to prevent infectious adverse effects on pregnancy outcomes. Plain language summary Antibiotic prophylaxis during the second and third trimester in pregnancy to reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes and morbidity Antibiotics are administered to pregnant women during the second and third trimester of pregnancy (before labour) to prevent bacteria in the vagina and cervix affecting the pregnancy. Infection by some infectious organisms in a woman’s genital tract can cause health problems for the mother and her baby, and has been associated with preterm births. This review of eight randomised trials involved approximately 4300 women in their second or third trimester. We found that antibiotics did not reduce the risk of preterm prelabour rupture of the membranes (one trial,  low quality of evidence ), or the risk of preterm birth (six trials, high quality of evidence ). Preterm delivery was reduced in pregnant women who had a previous preterm birth and an imbalance of bacteria in the vagina (bacterial vaginosis) during the current pregnancy. There was no reduction in preterm delivery in pregnant women with previous preterm birth without a bacterial imbalance during the current pregnancy (two trials). Postpartum endometritis, or infection of the uterus following birth, was reduced overall (three trials,  moderate quality of evidence ), as well as in a trial of high‐risk women who had a previous preterm birth (one trial,  moderate quality of evidence ). No reduction in neonatal illness was observed. Outcomes of interest were available in trials with high losses to follow‐up. We could not estimate the side effects of antibiotics since side effects were rare; however, antibiotics may still have serious side effects on women and their babies. There is, therefore, no justification to give antibiotics to all pregnant women during the second or third trimester to prevent adverse infectious effects on pregnancy outcomes.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for myasthenia gravis; Abstract - Background Myasthenia gravis is an autoimmune disease in which autoantibodies interfere with neuromuscular transmission. As with other autoimmune diseases, people with myasthenia gravis would be expected to benefit from intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg). This is an update of a review first published in 2003 and last updated in 2007. Objectives To examine the efficacy of IVIg for treating exacerbations of myasthenia gravis or for chronic myasthenia gravis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Specialized Register (11 October 2011), CENTRAL (2011, Issue 3), MEDLINE (January 1966 to September 2011) and EMBASE (January 1980 to September 2011) using 'myasthenia gravis' and 'intravenous immunoglobulin' as the search terms. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs in which IVIg was compared with no treatment, placebo or plasma exchange, in people with myasthenia gravis. Data collection and analysis One review author extracted the data and two others checked these data. For methodological reasons, no formal meta‐analysis was performed. Main results We identified seven RCTs. These trials differ in inclusion criteria, comparison with alternative treatment and outcomes. In a trial comparing IVIg with placebo, including 51 participants with myasthenia gravis worsening, the mean difference (MD) in quantitative myasthenia gravis score (QMGS) (MD 95% CI) after 14 days was: ‐1.60 (95% CI ‐ 3.23 to 0.03) this result being borderline statistically significant in favour of IVIg. In an unblinded study of 87 participants with exacerbation comparing IVIg and plasma exchange there was no difference in myasthenic muscle score (MMS) after 15 days (MD ‐1.00; 95% CI ‐7.72 to 5.72). In a study of 84 participants with worsening myasthenia gravis there was no difference in change in QMGS 14 days after IVIg or plasma exchange (MD ‐1.50; 95% CI ‐3.43 to 0.43). In a study of 12 participants with moderate or severe myasthenia gravis, which was at high risk of bias from skewed allocation, the mean fall in QMGS both for IVIg and plasma exchange after four weeks was significant (P < 0.05). A study with 15 participants with mild or moderate myasthenia gravis found no difference in change in QMGS 42 days after IVIg or placebo (MD 1.60; 95% CI ‐1.92 to 5.12). A study included 33 participants with moderate exacerbations of myasthenia gravis and showed no difference in change in QMGS 14 days after IVIg or methylprednisolone (MD ‐0.42; 95% CI ‐1.20 to 0.36). All these three smaller studies were underpowered. The last trial, including 168 people with exacerbations, showed no evidence of superiority of IVIg 2 g/kg over IVIg 1 g/kg on the change of MMS after 15 days (MD 3.84; 95% CI ‐0.98 to 8.66). Adverse events due to IVIg were moderate (fever, nausea, headache), self‐limiting and subjectively less severe than with plasma exchange (although, given the available data, no statistical comparison was possible). Other than where specific limitations are mentioned the trials were generally at low risk of bias. Authors' conclusions In exacerbation of myasthenia gravis, one RCT of IVIg versus placebo showed some evidence of the efficacy of IVIg and two did not show a significant difference between IVIg and plasma exchange. Another showed no significant difference in efficacy between 1 g/kg and 2 g/kg of IVIg. A further, but underpowered, trial showed no significant difference between IVIg and oral methylprednisolone. In chronic myasthenia gravis, there is insufficient evidence from RCTs to determine whether IVIg is efficacious. Plain language summary Intravenous immunoglobulin for myasthenia gravis Myasthenia gravis is characterised by fluctuating muscle weakness and muscles that tire easily. An acute increase in symptoms can be life‐threatening because of swallowing difficulties or respiratory failure. Myasthenia gravis is an autoimmune disorder in which the body's own antibodies block the transmission of nerve impulses to muscles and damage the neuromuscular junction (where the nerve meets the muscle). With optimal treatment, including thymectomy, corticosteroids, immunosuppressive drugs and plasma exchange, most people with myasthenia gravis go into remission or improve but these treatments can cause many adverse events. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) (antibodies purified from human blood), is effective in other autoimmune diseases. The objective of this review was to examine the efficacy of IVIg for treating acute exacerbations or for chronic long‐term, persistent myasthenia. We identified seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs), all of which investigated short‐term benefit. Other than where study limitations are mentioned the risk of bias was generally low. Adverse events due to IVIg were observed in all trials. They were moderate (fever, nausea, headache), self‐limiting and are subjectively less severe than those with plasma exchange (although no statistical comparison was possible). Five of the RCTs evaluated the efficacy of IVIg for the treatment of exacerbations or worsening (the former being usually more severe than the latter). One RCT of IVIg versus placebo, which included 51 participants, showed some evidence of the efficacy of IVIg for treating myasthenia gravis with worsening weakness. Two trials, the first of which included the first 87 and the second 84 participants, showed no significant difference between IVIg and plasma exchange. In the first of these trials there was a high risk of bias because the assigned treatments were not hidden. A trial including 33 participants showed no difference in efficacy between IVIg and a corticosteroid (methylprednisolone) but did not recruit enough participants to detect an effect, so there is insufficient evidence to favour IVIg over corticosteroids in moderate exacerbations. Another trial, which included 168 participants, showed no evidence of superiority of IVIg 2 g/kg over IVIg 1 g/kg on the change of myasthenic muscle score (MMS) after 15 days (MD 3.84; 95% CI ‐0.98 to 8.66). Two RCTs evaluated the efficacy of IVIg for the treatment of moderate or severe myasthenia gravis. One compared, in 12 participants, IVIg and plasma exchange. The second, with 15 participants included, compared IVIg and a placebo. Both are underpowered and the first at some risk of bias, so no conclusion could be drawn from these two trials. There is no evidence from RCTs nor from other trials to determine whether IVIg improves function or reduces the need for steroids.
Interventions for orbital lymphangioma; Abstract - Background Orbital lymphangiomas are a subset of localized vascular and lymphatic malformations, which most commonly occur in the head and neck region. Orbital lymphangiomas typically present in the first decade of life with signs of ptosis, proptosis, restriction of ocular motility, compressive optic neuropathy, and disfigurement. Therefore, early and effective treatment is crucial to preserving vision. Due to proximity to vital structures, such as the globe, optic nerve, and extraocular muscles, treatment for these lesions is complicated and includes a large array of approaches including observation, sclerotherapy, systemic therapy, and surgical excision. Of these options, there is no clear gold standard of treatment. Objectives To assess the evidence supporting medical and surgical interventions for the reduction/treatment of orbital lymphangiomas in children and young adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2018, Issue 5); Ovid MEDLINE; Embase.com; PubMed; Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences Literature Database (LILACS); ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic search for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 22 May 2018. Selection criteria We planned to include randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing at least two of the following interventions with each other for the treatment of orbital lymphangiomas: observation; sildenafil therapy; sirolimus therapy; sclerotherapy; surgery (partial or complete resection). We planned to include trials that enrolled children and adults up to 32 years of age, based on a prior clinical trial protocol. There were no restrictions regarding location or demographic factors. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the titles, abstracts, and full articles to assess their suitability for inclusion in this review. No risk of bias or data extraction was performed because we did not find any trials for inclusion. If there had been RCTs, two authors would have assessed the risk of bias and abstracted data independently with discrepancies being settled by consensus or consultation with a third review author. Main results There were no RCTs that compared any two of the mentioned interventions (medical or surgical) for treating orbital lymphangiomas in children and young adults. Authors' conclusions Currently, there are no published RCTs of orbital lymphangioma treatments. Without these types of studies, conclusions cannot be drawn regarding the effectiveness of the medical and surgical treatment options for patients with orbital lymphangiomas. The presence of only case reports and case series on orbital lymphangiomas makes it clear that RCTs are needed to address the differences between these options and help guide treatment plans. Such trials would ideally compare outcomes between individuals randomized to one of the following treatment options: observation, sclerotherapy, systemic sirolimus therapy, systemic sildenafil therapy, and surgical excision. Plain language summary Interventions for orbital lymphangioma What is the aim of this review?   We planned this Cochrane Review to analyze the effectiveness, recurrence rate, and side effects of the four major interventions used to treat orbital lymphangiomas including: observation (watching without intervention until the lymphangioma caused problems such as a decrease in vision or inability to close the eye); sclerotherapy (injections into the lesion that scar the lesion into a smaller size); medications taken by mouth; and surgery. The goal was to establish the relative effectiveness of treatment as measured by symptom improvement (such as droopy eyelid or swelling), decreasing lesion size, and quality of life improvement. Key messages   Currently, there are no eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing treatment options for orbital lymphangioma. Therefore, the effectiveness, recurrence rate, and side effects of the four major interventions used to treat orbital lymphangiomas remains uncertain. What was studied in this review?   Lymphangiomas are localized malformations of the vascular and lymphatic system that most commonly occur in the head and neck regions of children. Lymphangiomas of the orbit (eye socket) typically present in children under the age of 16 years old with ptosis (droopy eyelid), swelling around the eye area, or with bleeding within the lesion from a minor injury. People with this condition can also present with other symptoms such as cosmetic deformity, proptosis (protrusion of the eye), restriction of eye movement (an eye that looks like it is wandering and can lead to vision loss in a child), compression of the optic nerve (a type of vision loss), and amblyopia (another type of vision loss) in children. Due to these vision‐threatening complications, early and effective treatment is crucial in preventing cosmetic disfigurement, pain, and visual impairment. Orbital lymphangiomas are notorious for being very difficult to treat due to how close they are to the eye and other important structures of the eye socket, all of which are needed for good vision. Treatment type also depends on lymphangioma size, cyst type, and location. One option is called observation, and this means carefully watching patients without doing any treatment. This is because some tumors are smaller or in hard‐to‐reach locations and are not threatening the vision. This may be a good option since each treatment option has side effect risks. For example, surgery can damage nearby structures, while medications by mouth can cause fever, diarrhea, headaches, and high blood pressure, amongst other problems. The option of surgery has typically been delayed until absolutely necessary as there is a high rate of the lesion growing back, there is a high risk to surrounding tissue (like the eye, the optic nerve, the eye muscles), and it is difficult to remove the entire lesion. In addition to observation and surgery, another treatment option is to inject agents called sclerosants into the lesions with the goal of reducing their size. Finally, in lesions that are difficult to access surgically or with injections, medication taken by mouth (called 'systemic medication') has also been used to reduce the size and resulting symptoms. The goal of these therapies is to reduce cosmetic disfigurement and pain caused by these lesions, in addition to avoiding vision‐threatening complications. What are the main results of the review?   A search of the current literature and research on this topic yielded 5258 journal articles but no RCTs comparing two types of orbital lymphangioma treatments were found. Therefore no conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness of the four major interventions of interest in treating people with orbital lymphangioma. It is clear from this review that further studies are needed that randomize people into these various treatments. Of note: there is one ongoing study that may meet these criteria, which is expected to be completed in 2021. How up to date is this review?   The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 22 May 2018.
Very early discharge versus early discharge versus non‐early discharge in children with cancer and febrile neutropenia; Abstract - Background Chemotherapy‐induced neutropenia is a common adverse effect in children with cancer. Due to the high relative risk of infections and infectious complications, standard care for children with cancer and febrile neutropenia consists of routine hospitalization and parenteral administration of broad‐spectrum antibiotics. However, there are less serious causes of febrile neutropenia; in a subgroup of these children, lengthy in‐hospital treatment might be unnecessary. Various research groups have studied the adjustment of standard care to shorten in‐hospital treatment for children with cancer and febrile neutropenia at low risk for bacterial infections. However, most of these studies were not done in a randomized matter. Objectives To evaluate whether early discharge (mean/median of less than five days) from in‐hospital treatment was not inferior to non‐early discharge (mean/median of five days or more) and whether very early discharge (mean/median of less than 24 hours) was not inferior to early discharge, non‐early discharge, or a combination of these, in children with cancer and febrile neutropenia. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (2015, issue 11), MEDLINE/PubMed (from 1945 to December 2015), EMBASE/Ovid (from 1980 to December 2015), the reference lists of relevant articles and review articles, and various conference proceedings (dependent on availability from 2005 to 2010 to 2013 to 2015). We scanned the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trials Number (ISRCTN) Register, the National Institute of Health Register for ongoing trials, and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 9 January 2016. Selection criteria We included all randomized controlled trials and controlled clinical trials in which children with cancer and febrile neutropenia were divided in groups with different times of discharge. Data collection and analysis We used standard methods of Cochrane and its Childhood Cancer Group. Two independent review authors performed study selection, data extraction, and risk of bias assessment. We entered data extracted from the included studies into Review Manager 5 and undertook analyses according to the guidelines of the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . Main results We included two randomized controlled trials assessing very early, early, non‐early (or a combination of these) discharge in children with cancer and febrile neutropenia. We graded the evidence as low quality; we downgraded for risk of bias and imprecision. One study, Santolaya 2004, consisted of 149 randomized low‐risk episodes and compared early discharge (mean/median of less than five days) to non‐early discharge (mean/median of five days or more). This study found no clear evidence of difference in treatment failure (risk ratio (RR) 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.24 to 3.50, P value = 0.89 for rehospitalization or adjustment of antimicrobial treatment, or both; Fischer's exact P value = 0.477 for death) or duration of treatment (mean difference ‐0.3 days, 95% CI ‐1.22 to 0.62, P value = 0.52 for any antimicrobial treatment; mean difference ‐0.5 days, 95% CI ‐1.36 to 0.36, P value = 0.25 for intravenous antimicrobial treatment; mean difference 0.2 days, 95% CI ‐0.51 to 0.91, P value = 0.58 for oral antimicrobial treatment). Costs were lower in the early discharge group (mean difference USD ‐265, 95% CI USD ‐403.14 to USD ‐126.86, P value = 0.0002). The second included study, Brack 2012, consisted of 62 randomized low‐risk episodes and compared very early discharge (mean/median of less than 24 hours) to early discharge (mean/median of less than five days). This study also found no clear evidence of difference in treatment failure (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.15 to 1.89, P value = 0.34 for rehospitalization or adjustment of antimicrobial treatment (or both); Fischer's exact P value = 0.557 for death). Regarding duration of treatment, median duration of intravenous antimicrobial treatment was shorter in the very early discharge group (Wilcoxon's P value ≤ 0.001, stated in the study) and median duration of oral antimicrobial treatment was shorter in the early discharge group (Wilcoxon's P ≤ 0.001, stated in the study) as compared to one another. However, there was no clear evidence of difference in median duration of any antimicrobial treatment (Wilcoxon's P value = 0.34, stated in the study). Costs were not assessed in this study. Neither of the included studies assessed quality of life. Meta‐analysis was not possible as the included studies assessed different discharge moments and used different risk stratification models. Authors' conclusions Very limited data were available regarding the safety of early discharge compared to non‐early discharge from in‐hospital treatment in children with cancer and febrile neutropenia and a low risk for invasive infection. The absence of clear evidence of differences in both studies could be due to lack of power. Evidently, there are still profound gaps regarding very early and early discharge in children with cancer and febrile neutropenia. Future studies that assess this subject should have a large sample size and aim to establish uniform and objective criteria regarding the identification of a low‐risk febrile neutropenic episode. Plain language summary Very early discharge versus early discharge versus non‐early discharge in children with cancer and fever during neutropenia Review question   In this review of the literature we aimed to determine whether early discharge (less than five days, on average) from in‐hospital treatment, for a selected group of children, is not inferior to non‐early discharge (five days or more, on average) in children with cancer and fever during neutropenia. Furthermore, we wanted to evaluate whether very early discharge (less than 24 hours, on average) is not inferior to early discharge, and whether very early discharge is not inferior to non‐early discharge. Background   Treatment with chemotherapy can cause a low white blood cell count (neutropenia) in children with cancer. Due to the high risk of bacterial infections and of a sudden and severe course of infections, standard care for children with cancer and fever during neutropenia consists of routine hospitalization and intravenous administration of broad‐spectrum antibiotics (antibiotics that act against a wide range of disease‐causing bacteria). However, causes of fever during neutropenia can be less serious; in a subgroup of these children lengthy in‐hospital treatment might be unnecessary. Study characteristics   The evidence is current to December 2015. The current review identified one study,  Santolaya 2004 , in which early discharge was compared to non‐early discharge in this group of children, and one study,  Brack 2012 , in which very early discharge was compared to early discharge. Key results   Early discharge did not appear to be less safe than non‐early discharge in children with cancer and fever during neutropenia with a low risk for bacterial infections; there was no clear evidence of difference in treatment failure between the two groups. Moreover, the treatment costs in the early discharge group were lower than in the non‐early discharge group. Regarding very early discharge, this did not appear to be less safe than early discharge; there was no clear evidence of difference in treatment failure between the two groups. Duration of treatment differed between very early discharge and early discharge; duration of intravenous antibiotic treatment was shorter in the very early discharge group, and duration of oral antibiotic treatment was shorter in the early discharge group, as compared to one another. However, there was no clear evidence of difference in total treatment duration of any antibiotic treatment between these groups. Quality of the evidence   For both reported comparisons, the quality of the evidence was low. The included studies were relatively small with a low number of participants, thus it was possible that the absence of clear evidence of differences in the included studies could be due to, for example, the lack of power. Unfortunately, it was not possible to pool data in the two studies. Conclusion   In conclusion, regarding both rehospitalization or adjustment of antibiotics (or both) and death, evidence was fairly limited; however, there was no evidence that early discharge was less safe than non‐early discharge or very early discharge was less safe than early discharge of children with cancer and fever during neutropenia and a low risk for invasive bacterial infection. Future larger trials are needed to confirm or contradict these results.
Aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for treating hydrocoeles; Abstract - Background Hydrocoeles are common cystic scrotal abnormalities, described as a fluid‐filled collection between the visceral and parietal layers of the tunica vaginalis of the scrotum. There are two approaches for treatment of hydrocoeles: surgical open hydrocoelectomy and aspiration followed by sclerotherapy.  Objectives We compared the benefits and harms of aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for the management of hydrocoeles. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group's Specialised Register to 2 August 2014 through contact with the Trials' Search Co‐ordinator using search terms relevant to this review. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for the management of hydrocoeles. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias in the included studies. Random effects meta‐analyses were performed using relative risk (RR) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MD) for continuous outcomes, with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydroceles) and surgery (120 patients with 123 hydroceles). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. Blinding for statisticians was not reported in any of included studies. There were no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or perhaps due to the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery) (2 studies, 136 participants: RR 0.74; 95% CI 0.64 to 0.85).There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerotherapy compared with surgery (3 studies, 196 participants: RR 9.37, 95% CI 1.83 to 48.4). One study reported a non‐significant decrease in fever in the sclerotherapy group (60 participants: RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.06 to 1.08). There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant (4 studies, 275 participants): RR 0.31, 95% CI 0.09 to 1.05; I² = 0%). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgery group was higher than aspiration and sclerotherapy group but because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not pool the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. There was no significant difference in haematoma formation between the two groups (3 studies, 189 participants: RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.90; I² = 0%). Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant difference between the two groups. Authors' conclusions Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the aspiration and sclerotherapy group; however the recurrence rate was higher. The cure rate in short‐term follow‐up was similar between the groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result due to the high heterogeneity. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTs have sufficiently large sample size and long follow‐up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost‐effectiveness studies should also be undertaken. Plain language summary Aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for treating hydrocoeles Hydrocoeles are common cystic scrotal abnormalities, described as a fluid‐filled collection around the testicles. Hydrocoele can be treated with drainage of the fluid along with an injection of a chemical around the testicle to prevent recurrence, or with open surgery. The aim of this review is to compare these two types of treatment. We found four small studies were identified after an extensive literature search. Due to limited information about the design of the studies, and the small number of patients enrolled, the results should be interpreted with caution. Meta‐analysis showed lower rates of recurrence in the surgery group, however there was insufficient evidence to draw a strong conclusion. Postoperative complications such as infection and fever, as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the aspiration and sclerotherapy group; however the recurrence rate was higher. Cure at short‐term follow‐up was similar between the groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result which may be as a result of the age of one of the studies and the different agent used compared to the other studies.
Prophylactic antibiotics for preventing infection after continence surgery in women with stress urinary incontinence; Abstract - Background Surgical options for treating stress urinary incontinence (SUI) are usually explored after conservative interventions have failed. Surgeries fall into two categories: traditional techniques (open surgery) and minimally invasive procedures, such as laparoscopic procedures, midurethral sling and injections with urethral bulking agents. Postsurgery infections, such as infections of the surgical site or urinary tract, are common complications. To minimise the risk of postoperative bacterial infections, prophylactic antibiotics may be given before or during surgery.  Objectives To assess the effects of prophylactic antibiotics for preventing infection following continence surgery in women with stress urinary incontinence.  Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Specialised Register, which contains trials identified from CENTRAL, MEDLINE, MEDLINE In‐Process, MEDLINE Epub Ahead of Print, CINAHL, ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO ICTRP; and handsearched journals and conference proceedings to 18 March 2021. We also searched the reference lists of relevant articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs assessing prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing continence surgery to treat SUI. Data collection and analysis Two review authors selected potentially eligible trials, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We expressed results as risk ratios (RR) for dichotomous outcomes and as mean differences (MD) for continuous outcomes, both with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed the certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We identified one quasi‐RCT and two RCTs, involving a total of 390 women. One study performed retropubic urethropexy surgery requiring a transverse suprapubic incision, while the other two studies performed midurethral sling surgery. It should be noted that none of the included studies clearly specified the timing of outcome assessment. We are very uncertain whether prophylactic antibiotics (cefazolin) have an effect on surgical site infections (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.03 to 12.35; 2 studies, 85 women; very low‐certainty evidence) or urinary tract infections or bacteriuria (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.05 to 13.24; 2 studies, 85 women; very low‐certainty evidence). The effect of prophylactic antibiotics (cefazolin) on febrile morbidity is also uncertain (RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.00 to 1.29; 2 studies, 85 women; very low‐certainty evidence). We are very uncertain whether prophylactic antibiotics (cefazolin) have any effect on mesh exposure (RR 0.32, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.61; 1 study, 59 women; very low‐certainty evidence). None of the three included studies described the assessment of adverse events from antibiotic use, sepsis or bacteraemia in their reports. Authors' conclusions Only limited data are available from the three included studies and, overall, the certainty of evidence was very low. Moreover, the three included studies evaluated different surgical procedures and dosages of antibiotic administration. Thus, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic antibiotics to prevent infection following anti‐incontinence surgery. In addition, there were no data regarding adverse effects of prophylactic antibiotics. More RCTs are required. Plain language summary Antibiotics for preventing infection following surgery to treat stress urinary incontinence in women Review question Are antibiotics safe and effective for preventing infection in women with stress urinary incontinence who are undergoing continence surgery? Background Stress urinary incontinence (SUI) is defined as uncontrolled leakage of urine when the pressure inside the abdomen increases suddenly, such as during coughing, sneezing or laughing. Continence surgery is one treatment for SUI. There are two types of procedures: open surgery, such as colposuspension (an incision in the abdomen to place stitches in the vagina on either side of the urethra, the tube by which urine is drained from your bladder), or less invasive procedures, such as laparoscopic colposuspension (using small incisions to insert the stitches), a sling procedure (using tape or mesh to form a sling around the urethra to lift it back into a normal position and attach to the abdominal wall), or an injection of bulking agent (e.g. collagen) into the bladder neck. Infections of the surgery site or urinary tract are common complications following all continence surgeries. Preventive antibiotics have the potential to prevent postoperative wound infection, but the supporting evidence is still limited. How up to date is this review? We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs; everyone has the same chance of receiving the treatment being tested), and quasi‐RCTs (a treatment is being tested but not everyone has the same chance of receiving it) up to 18 March 2021. Study characteristics We included three studies (in seven reports) involving a total of 390 women who underwent one of two different continence surgeries and were given one of three different doses of antibiotics (cefazolin) or placebo or no treatment. The sample sizes in the trials ranged from 26 to 305 women. None of the included studies clearly indicated the timing of the outcome assessment. The average age of the women ranged from 45 to 54 years. Study funding sources Two studies received no funding; the third study did not provide funding information. Key results Preventive antibiotics may have little to no effect on surgical site infections, urinary tract infections or bacteriuria (presence of bacteria in the urine), fever after surgery or the appearance of the artificial tape or mesh used in the surgery through the skin beneath the urethra, but we are very uncertain about the results.  None of the included studies reported data on adverse effects, sepsis or bacteraemia related to taking antibiotics, or bacterial antibiotic resistance. Certainty of the evidence We are uncertain about our findings as they are based on only three small studies. Each study assessed the effectiveness of preventive antibiotics in different surgical procedures, antibiotic dosages and outcomes. In addition, each included study had a small sample size and some were conducted in ways that might incorporate flaws into their results. Our findings may alter when results from better quality and large RCTs become available.
Antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplant recipients; Abstract - Background Asymptomatic bacteriuria, defined as bacteriuria without signs or symptoms of urinary tract infection (UTI), occurs in 17% to 51% of kidney transplant recipients and is thought to increase the risk for a subsequent UTI. No consensus exists on the role of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplantation. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of treating asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplant recipients with antimicrobial agents to prevent symptomatic UTI, all‐cause mortality and the indirect effects of UTI (acute rejection, graft loss, worsening of graft function). Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Register of Studies up to 1 September 2017 through contact with the Information Specialist using search terms relevant to this review. Studies in the Register are identified through searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE, conference proceedings, the International Clinical Trials Register (ICTRP) Search Portal, and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs in any language assessing treatment of asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplant recipients at any time‐point after transplantation. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently determined study eligibility, assessed quality and extracted data. Primary outcomes were incidence of symptomatic UTI and incidence of antimicrobial resistance. Other outcomes included incidences of all‐cause mortality, graft loss, graft rejection, graft function, hospitalisation for UTI, adverse reactions to antimicrobial agents and relapse or persistence of asymptomatic bacteriuria. We expressed dichotomous outcomes as absolute risk difference (RD) or risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and continuous data as mean differences (MD) with 95% CI. Data were pooled using the random effects model. Main results We included two studies (212 participants) comparing antibiotics versus no treatment, and identified three on‐going studies. Overall, incidence of symptomatic UTI varied between 19% and 31% in the groups not treated for asymptomatic bacteriuria. Antibiotic treatment had uncertain effects on preventing symptomatic UTI (2 studies, 200 participants: RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.45). Risk for selecting multidrug‐resistant organisms was uncertain with antibiotic treatment (1 study, 112 participants: RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.60 to 2.41). Persistence of asymptomatic bacteriuria was high regardless of treatment. Antibiotics also have uncertain effects on other important patient and graft outcomes, for instance on all‐cause mortality (1 study, 112 participants: RR 2.23, 95% CI 0.21 to 23.86), graft loss (1 study, 112 participants: RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.07 to 17.36), acute rejection (1 study, 112 participants: RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.44 to 1.97), hospitalisation for UTI (1 study, 112 participants: RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.13 to 4.27), graft function (2 studies, 200 participants, MD in serum creatinine concentration ‐0.06 mg/dL, 95% CI ‐0.19 to 0.08) and adverse reactions (1 study, 112 participants: no severe adverse event attributable to the antibiotic treatment). Evidence quality was low for all outcomes. Authors' conclusions Currently, there is insufficient evidence to support routinely treating kidney transplant recipients with antibiotics in case of asymptomatic bacteriuria after transplantation, but data are scarce. Further studies assessing routine antibiotic treatment would inform practice and we await the results of three ongoing randomised studies, which may help resolve existing uncertainties. Plain language summary Antibiotics for bacterial infection in the urine in kidney transplant recipients when there are no symptoms What is the issue?   Bacteria in the urine in kidney transplant recipients when there are no symptoms of urine infection is called asymptomatic bacteriuria. Up to one in two people with a kidney transplant will develop a bacterial infection of the urine (bacteriuria) at some point after transplantation. Bacteriuria with symptoms like fever, chills, painful urination, abdominal pain and blood in urine is a urinary tract infection (UTI). Bacteriuria often occurs without symptoms and it is frequently treated with antibiotics with the idea this might help avoid subsequent UTI. Avoiding UTI might improve patient and transplant survival. However, it is unclear how many people with asymptomatic bacteriuria go on to develop UTI symptoms; whether treatment with antibiotics truly avoids UTI; or whether treatment when asymptomatic improves survival of both patient and kidney. Also, there can be downsides to taking antibiotics. Taking regular antibiotics might mean that bacteria resistant to antibiotics are encouraged, and taking antibiotics might cause diarrhoea and other adverse events. There are also antibiotic costs to consider. This review looked at whether treating with antibiotics is beneficial of harmful. What did we do? We searched the literature up to September 2017 and identified two studies (212 participants) that were evaluated in this review. These studies compared antibiotics versus no treatment. What did we find?   The bacterial infection of the urine often persisted, whether antibiotics were given or not. It was uncertain whether antibiotics prevented symptomatic urinary infection or increased the risk of selecting bacteria resistant to antibiotics, because there were too few data and several limitations in the included studies. Also, it was unclear whether the use of antibiotics in case of urinary infection without symptoms reduced the risks of graft rejection, need for hospitalisation due to symptoms of urinary infection, or mortality, or whether antibiotics improved the function of the kidney transplant. One study with 112 participants suggested there were no severe harmful reactions caused by the antibiotic treatment, and non‐severe adverse events appeared to be rare. Conclusions   It is uncertain whether antibiotics are beneficial in kidney transplant recipients with bacteria in their urine but no symptoms. In one study, participants were assigned to antibiotics or no therapy by a method that was not random (i.e. according to patients' transplant code). In both studies, participants knew which treatment they were receiving (i.e. antibiotics or no therapy), which may have influenced the results. Last, we had not enough data to estimate with precision some effects of antibiotics. More research is needed.
Antibiotic prophylaxis for operative vaginal delivery; Abstract - Background Vacuum and forceps assisted vaginal deliveries are reported to increase the incidence of postpartum infections and maternal readmission to hospital compared to spontaneous vaginal delivery. Prophylactic antibiotics may be prescribed to prevent these infections. However, the benefit of antibiotic prophylaxis for operative vaginal deliveries is still unclear. This is an update of a review last published in 2017. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of antibiotic prophylaxis in reducing infectious puerperal morbidities in women undergoing operative vaginal deliveries including vacuum or forceps delivery, or both. Search methods For this update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (5 July 2019), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials comparing any prophylactic antibiotic regimens with placebo or no treatment in women undergoing vacuum or forceps deliveries were eligible. Participants were all pregnant women without evidence of infections or other indications for antibiotics of any gestational age. Interventions were any antibiotic prophylaxis (any dosage regimen, any route of administration or at any time during delivery or the puerperium). Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias. Two review authors extracted the data independently using prepared data extraction forms. Any discrepancies were resolved by discussion and a consensus reached through discussion with all review authors. We assessed methodological quality of the two included studies using the GRADE approach. Main results Two studies, involving 3813 women undergoing either vacuum or forceps deliveries, were included. One study involving 393 women compared the antibiotic intravenous cefotetan after cord clamping compared with no treatment. The other study involving 3420 women compared a single dose of intravenous amoxicillin and clavulanic acid with placebo using 20 mL of intravenous sterile 0.9% saline. The evidence suggests that prophylactic antibiotics reduce superficial perineal wound infection (risk ratio (RR) 0.53, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 0.69; women = 3420; 1 study; high‐certainty evidence), deep perineal wound infection (RR 0.46, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.69; women = 3420; 1 study; high‐certainty evidence) and probably reduce wound breakdown (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.63; women = 2593; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence). We are unclear about the effect on organ or space perineal wound infection (RR 0.11, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.05; women = 3420; 1 study) and endometritis (average RR 0.32, 95% CI 0.04 to 2.64; 15/1907 versus 30/1906; women = 3813; 2 studies) based on low‐certainty evidence with wide CIs that include no effect. Prophylactic antibiotics probably lower serious infectious complications (RR 0.44, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.89; women = 3420; 1 study; high‐certainty evidence). They also have an important effect on reduction of confirmed or suspected maternal infection. The two included studies did not report on fever or urinary tract infection. It is unclear, based on low‐certainty evidence, whether prophylactic antibiotics have any impact on maternal adverse reactions (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.18 to 22.05; women = 2593; 1 study) and maternal length of stay (MD 0.09 days, 95% CI ‐0.23 to 0.41; women = 393; 1 study) as the CIs were wide and included no effect. Prophylactic antibiotics slightly improve perineal pain and health consequences of perineal pain and probably reduce costs. Prophylactic antibiotics did not have an important effect on dyspareunia (difficult or painful sexual intercourse) or breastfeeding at six weeks. Antibiotic prophylaxis may slightly improve maternal hospital re‐admission and maternal health‐related quality of life. Neonatal adverse reactions were not reported in any included trials. Authors' conclusions Prophylactic intravenous antibiotics are effective in reducing infectious puerperal morbidities in terms of superficial and deep perineal wound infection or serious infectious complications in women undergoing operative vaginal deliveries without clinical indications for antibiotic administration after delivery. Prophylactic antibiotics slightly improve perineal pain and health consequences of perineal pain, probably reduce the costs, and may slightly reduce the maternal hospital re‐admission and health‐related quality of life. However, the effect on reduction of endometritis, organ or space perineal wound infection, maternal adverse reactions and maternal length of stay is unclear due to low‐certainty evidence. As the evidence was mainly derived from a single multi‐centre study conducted in a high‐income setting, future well‐designed randomised trials in other settings, particularly in low‐ and middle‐income settings, are required to confirm the effect of antibiotic prophylaxis for operative vaginal delivery. Plain language summary Is antibiotic prophylaxis effective or safe for women undergoing operative vaginal delivery? We set out to assess from randomised controlled studies whether giving antibiotics to all women undergoing operative vaginal deliveries prevents infections in the mother without increasing adverse outcomes in the mother and baby. Vacuum extraction or forceps are used to deliver the baby’s head in operative vaginal deliveries. What is the issue? Women who undergo vacuum‐ or forceps‐assisted vaginal births may be more likely to have an infection after the birth when compared to women who experience a normal spontaneous vaginal birth. They are also more likely to be re‐admitted to hospital. Women are at increased risk of infection because of the need for routine bladder catheterisation, multiple vaginal examinations, insertion of instruments into the vagina, and increased risk of vaginal deep cuts or tears during the operative birth. Infection appears as fever, infection of the uterus and surrounding tissues, an infected episiotomy or vaginal tear, or urinary tract infection. These affect the physical state of the mother and can impact on her well‐being. The infection may also enter the bloodstream and affect the whole body. Why is this important?   Vacuum extraction or forceps are used to shorten labour from the time when the cervix is fully opened to birth (second stage of labour), particularly if this is long or the baby shows signs of distress. Antibiotics can be given to mothers at the time of birth to prevent or reduce the risk of infection. However, there are still some doubts about the benefit of such antibiotics. Antibiotics can also cause adverse reactions such as rash or diarrhoea in the mother, and may be present in breast milk so that a breastfeeding baby is exposed to them. What evidence did we find? We updated our search for evidence from randomised controlled studies in July 2019. We included two studies, published in 1989 and 2019. The older study was conducted in the USA and the more recent study was from a number of hospital obstetric units in the UK. A total of 3813 women undergoing operative vaginal delivery were included. The USA study involved 393 women and compared 2 g of intravenous cefotetan after cord clamping with no treatment. The other study involved 3420 women. This study compared intravenous amoxicillin and clavulanic acid with placebo. The certainty of the evidence varied from high certainty to low, with low certainty being downgraded because of concerns relating to imprecise results, with few events and only a single study reporting on a number of the findings.    Prophylactic antibiotics given to reduce or prevent infection halved the number of women with infected episiotomies or lacerations. These findings included superficial and deep perineal wound infections (one study, 3420 women; high‐certainty evidence) or wound breakdown (one study, 2593 women; moderate‐certainty evidence). Serious infectious complications were also reduced (one study, 3420 women; high‐certainty evidence). Due to low‐certainty evidence, prophylactic antibiotics had uncertain effects on endometritis, experienced as fever and uterine tenderness or heavy bleeding (two studies, 3813 women; low‐certainty evidence) and infected episiotomy/laceration presenting with organ or space perineal infection (one study, 3420 women; low‐certainty evidence).    The impact on maternal adverse reactions (one study, 2593 women; low‐certainty evidence) and maternal length of stay in hospital (one study, 393 women; low‐certainty evidence) was also unclear due to the low‐certainty of the study. Perineal pain and health consequences of perineal pain were slightly reduced. Prophylactic antibiotics did not have a clear effect on pain during sex and breastfeeding at six weeks. Maternal hospital re‐admission and maternal health‐related quality of life may be slightly improved. Costs were reduced with use of prophylactic antibiotics. Neither study specifically measured fever, urinary tract infection or adverse reactions in babies. What does this mean? Prophylactic antibiotics into a vein are effective in reducing ill‐health caused by infections in women undergoing operative vaginal deliveries, and who do not have clinical indications for antibiotic administration. The evidence was mainly from a single study in a high‐income country. Well‐designed randomised studies in other settings are required to confirm this finding.
Drug therapy for obstructive sleep apnoea in adults; Abstract - Background The treatment of choice for moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) is continuous positive airways pressure (CPAP) applied via a mask during sleep. However, this is not tolerated by all individuals and its role in mild OSA is not proven. Drug therapy has been proposed as an alternative to CPAP in some patients with mild to moderate sleep apnoea and could be of value in patients intolerant of CPAP. A number of mechanisms have been proposed by which drugs could reduce the severity of OSA. These include an increase in tone in the upper airway dilator muscles, an increase in ventilatory drive, a reduction in the proportion of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, an increase in cholinergic tone during sleep, an increase in arousal threshold, a reduction in airway resistance and a reduction in surface tension in the upper airway. Objectives To determine the efficacy of drug therapies in the specific treatment of sleep apnoea. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of trials. Searches were current as of July 2012. Selection criteria Randomised, placebo controlled trials involving adult patients with confirmed OSA. We excluded trials if continuous positive airways pressure, mandibular devices or oxygen therapy were used. We excluded studies investigating treatment of associated conditions such as excessive sleepiness, hypertension, gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease and obesity. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures recommended by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results Thirty trials of 25 drugs, involving 516 participants, contributed data to the review. Drugs had several different proposed modes of action and the results were grouped accordingly in the review. Each of the studies stated that the participants had OSA but diagnostic criteria were not always explicit and it was possible that some patients with central apnoeas may have been recruited. Acetazolamide, eszopiclone, naltrexone, nasal lubricant (phosphocholinamine) and physiostigmine were administered for one to two nights only. Donepezil in patients with and without Alzheimer's disease, fluticasone in patients with allergic rhinitis, combinations of ondansetrone and fluoxetine and paroxetine were trials of one to three months duration, however most of the studies were small and had methodological limitations. The overall quality of the available evidence was low. The primary outcomes for the systematic review were the apnoea hypopnoea index (AHI) and the level of sleepiness associated with OSA, estimated by the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS). AHI was reported in 25 studies and of these 10 showed statistically significant reductions in AHI. Fluticasone in patients with allergic rhinitis was well tolerated and reduced the severity of sleep apnoea compared with placebo (AHI 23.3 versus 30.3; P < 0.05) and improved subjective daytime alertness. Excessive sleepiness was reported to be altered in four studies, however the only clinically and statistically significant change in ESS of ‐2.9 (SD 2.9; P = 0.04) along with a small but statistically significant reduction in AHI of ‐9.4 (SD 17.2; P = 0.03) was seen in patients without Alzheimer's disease receiving donepezil for one month. In 23 patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease donepezil led to a significant reduction in AHI (donepezil 20 (SD 15) to 9.9 (SD 11.5) versus placebo 23.2 (SD 26.4) to 22.9 (SD 28.8); P = 0.035) after three months of treatment but no reduction in sleepiness was reported. High dose combined treatment with ondansetron 24 mg and fluoxetine 10 mg showed a 40.5% decrease in AHI from the baseline at treatment day 28. Paroxetine was shown to reduce AHI compared to placebo (‐6.10 events/hour; 95% CI ‐11.00 to ‐1.20) but failed to improve daytime symptoms. Promising results from the preliminary mirtazapine study failed to be reproduced in the two more recent multicentre trials and, moreover, the use of mirtazapine was associated with significant weight gain and sleepiness. Few data were presented on the long‐term tolerability of any of the compounds used. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of drug therapy in the treatment of OSA. Small studies have reported positive effects of certain agents on short‐term outcomes. Certain agents have been shown to reduce the AHI in largely unselected populations with OSA by between 24% and 45%. For donepezil and fluticasone, studies of longer duration with a larger population and better matching of groups are required to establish whether the change in AHI and impact on daytime symptoms are reproducible. Individual patients had more complete responses to particular drugs. It is possible that better matching of drugs to patients according to the dominant mechanism of their OSA will lead to better results and this also needs further study. Plain language summary Drug therapy for obstructive sleep apnoea in adults Background    Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) is caused by collapse of the upper airway. The mainstay of medical treatment is continuous positive airways pressure (CPAP), delivered through a mask during sleep, aiming to keep the airway opened. Drug therapy has been proposed for individuals with mild OSA and those intolerant of CPAP. Review question    We wanted to look at the evidence from randomised controlled trials which compared drug therapy with placebo for sleep apnoea. What we did    We searched and reviewed all randomised placebo controlled trials of drugs to treat OSA in adult patients. Most of the trials had methodological flaws or were for only one or two nights, which is hardly long enough to find out whether the treatments are effective or acceptable to the people taking them. Results    Of 25 drugs tested, 10 had some impact on the severity of OSA (as measured by the apnoea hypopnoea index or AHI) and four altered symptoms of sleepiness, although in most people changes were only modest. Eszopiclone, acetazolamide, naltrexone, physiostigmine and nasal lubricant (phosphocholinamine) were trialled for one to two nights only and the long‐term effects are therefore unknown. A topical nasal steroid was well tolerated and reduced the severity of sleep apnoea and improved subjective daytime alertness in a specific subgroup of people with both OSA and rhinitis. Acetazolamide reduced the number of respiratory events per hour of sleep but did not reduce daytime sleepiness and was poorly tolerated long term. Paroxetine had only a small effect on the severity of OSA and while it was tolerated there was no useful effect on daytime symptoms. In contrast, participants reported a symptomatic benefit from protriptyline but there was no improvement in OSA, suggesting a different mechanism for their improved sense of well‐being. The antidepressant mirtazapine improved the severity of sleep apnoea in older trials, however two more recent, larger trials failed to demonstrated the same results; moreover, participants experienced side effects of sleepiness and weight gain. Donepezil, well established in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, improved oxygen saturation and the severity of OSA in patients with and without dementia. In people with no dementia it was shown to reduce sleepiness but the study was small and neither the AHI nor ESS were normalised. Further trials are needed to confirm these results. Eszopliclone reduced the severity of OSA in selected patients nonetheless larger scale trials are needed to verify the results. Bottom line    Some of the drugs may be helpful, however their tolerability needs to be considered in long‐term trials.
Leukotriene inhibitors for bronchiolitis in infants and young children; Abstract - Background Bronchiolitis is an acute inflammatory illness of the bronchioles common among infants and young children. It is often caused by the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Management of bronchiolitis varies between clinicians, reflecting the lack of evidence for a specific treatment approach. The leukotriene pathway has been reported to be involved in the pathogenesis of bronchiolitis. Leukotriene inhibitors such as montelukast have been used in infants and young children with bronchiolitis. However, the results from limited randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are controversial and necessitate a thorough evaluation of their efficacy for bronchiolitis in infants and young children. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of leukotriene inhibitors for bronchiolitis in infants and young children. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 5), MEDLINE (1946 to April week 4, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to May 2014), CINAHL (1981 to May 2014), LILACS (1982 to May 2014), Web of Science (1985 to May 2014), WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov (6 May 2014). Selection criteria RCTs comparing leukotriene inhibitors versus placebo or another intervention in infants and young children under two years of age diagnosed with bronchiolitis. Our primary outcomes were length of hospital stay and all‐cause mortality. Secondary outcomes included clinical severity score, percentage of symptom‐free days, percentage of children requiring ventilation, oxygen saturation, recurrent wheezing, respiratory rate and clinical adverse effects. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane Collaboration methodological practices. Two authors independently assessed trial eligibility and extracted data, such as general information, participant characteristics, interventions and outcomes. We assessed risk of bias and graded the quality of the evidence. We used Review Manager software to pool results and chose random‐effects models for meta‐analysis. Main results We included five studies with a total of 1296 participants under two years of age hospitalised with bronchiolitis. Two studies with low risk of bias compared 4 mg montelukast (a leukotriene inhibitor) daily use from admission until discharge with a matching placebo. Both selected length of hospital stay as a primary outcome and clinical severity score as a secondary outcome. However, the effects of leukotriene inhibitors on length of hospital stay and clinical severity score were uncertain due to considerable heterogeneity between the study results and wide confidence intervals around the estimated effects (hospital stay: mean difference (MD) ‐0.95 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐3.08 to 1.19, P value = 0.38, low quality evidence; clinical severity score on day two: MD ‐0.57, 95% CI ‐2.37 to 1.23, P value = 0.53, low quality evidence; clinical severity score on day three: MD 0.17, 95% CI ‐1.93 to 2.28, P value = 0.87, low quality evidence). The other three studies compared montelukast for several weeks for preventing post‐bronchiolitis symptoms with placebo. We assessed one study as low risk of bias, whereas we assessed the other two studies as having a high risk of attrition bias. Due to the significant clinical heterogeneity in severity of disease, duration of treatment, outcome measurements and timing of assessment, we did not pool the results. Individual analyses of these studies did not show significant differences between the leukotriene inhibitors group and the control group in symptom‐free days and incidence of recurrent wheezing. One study of 952 children reported two deaths in the leukotriene inhibitors group: neither was determined to be drug‐related. No data were available on the percentage of children requiring ventilation, oxygen saturation and respiratory rate. Finally, three studies reported adverse events including diarrhoea, wheezing shortly after administration and rash. No differences were reported between the study groups. Authors' conclusions The current evidence does not allow definitive conclusions to be made about the effects of leukotriene inhibitors on length of hospital stay and clinical severity score in infants and young children with bronchiolitis. The quality of the evidence was low due to inconsistency (unexplained high levels of statistical heterogeneity) and imprecision arising from small sample sizes and wide confidence intervals, which did not rule out a null effect or harm. Data on symptom‐free days and incidence of recurrent wheezing were from single studies only. Further large studies are required. We identified one registered ongoing study, which may make a contribution in the updates of this review. Plain language summary Leukotriene inhibitors for bronchiolitis in infants and young children Review question   We reviewed the evidence regarding the effect of leukotriene inhibitors on clinical outcomes in infants and young children with bronchiolitis. Background   One of the most common respiratory illnesses experienced by infants is bronchiolitis, an inflammation of the small airways in the lungs. Bronchiolitis can be caused by viruses such as the respiratory syncytial virus or influenza. Symptoms include rhinitis, wheezing, coughing and sneezing. It is associated with considerable morbidity and can result in hospitalisation. Leukotriene inhibitors are supposed to reduce airway inflammation, which means that they could help to reduce airway inflammation associated with bronchiolitis. We reviewed the evidence from randomised trials to see whether using leukotriene inhibitors is better than placebo in children under two years of age with bronchiolitis. Study characteristics   This evidence is current to May 2014. We identified five randomised controlled trials (1296 participants under two years of age) comparing montelukast (a leukotriene inhibitor) with placebo in infants and young children hospitalised with bronchiolitis. Key results   Our primary outcomes were length of hospital stay and all‐cause mortality. Secondary outcomes included clinical severity score, percentage of symptom‐free days, percentage of children requiring ventilation, recurrent wheezing, oxygen saturation, respiratory rate and clinical adverse effects. The effects of montelukast on length of hospital stay and clinical severity score were uncertain due to considerable heterogeneity (differences) between the study results and wide confidence intervals around the estimated effects. Data on symptom‐free days and incidence of recurrent wheezing were from single studies only and individual analyses of these studies did not show significant differences between the intervention group and the control group. One study of 952 children reported two deaths in the leukotriene inhibitors group: neither was determined to be drug‐related. No data were available on the percentage of children requiring ventilation, oxygen saturation and respiratory rate. Finally, three studies reported adverse events including diarrhoea, wheezing shortly after administration and rash. No differences were reported between the study groups. Quality of the evidence   We assessed the quality of the evidence for length of hospital stay and clinical severity score as low due to inconsistency and imprecision arising from small sample sizes and wide confidence intervals, which did not rule out no effect or harm. Overall, the current evidence does not allow definitive conclusions to be made about the effect and safety of leukotriene inhibitors in infants and young children with bronchiolitis.
Whole‐cell pertussis vaccine in early infancy for the prevention of allergy in children; Abstract - Background Atopic diseases are the most common chronic conditions of childhood. The apparent rise in food anaphylaxis in young children over the past three decades is of particular concern, owing to the lack of proven prevention strategies other than the timely introduction of peanut and egg. Due to reported in vitro differences in the immune response of young infants primed with whole‐cell pertussis (wP) versus acellular pertussis (aP) vaccine, we systematically appraised and synthesised evidence on the safety and the potential allergy preventive benefits of wP, to inform recommendation for future practice and research. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of wP vaccinations in comparison to aP vaccinations in early infancy for the prevention of atopic diseases in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, and grey literature. The date of the search was 7 September 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non‐randomised studies of interventions (NRSIs) that reported the occurrence of atopic diseases, and RCTs only to assess safety outcomes. To be included studies had to have at least six months follow‐up, and involve children under 18 years old, who received a first dose of either wP (experimental intervention) or aP (comparator) before six months of age. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for eligibility, extracted the data, and assessed risk of bias using standard Cochrane methods. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Our primary outcomes were diagnosis of IgE‐mediated food allergy and all‐cause serious adverse events (SAEs). Secondary outcomes included: diagnosis of not vaccine‐associated anaphylaxis or urticaria, diagnosis of asthma, diagnosis of allergic rhinitis, diagnosis of atopic dermatitis and diagnosis of encephalopathy. Due to paucity of RCTs reporting on the atopic outcomes of interest, we assessed a broader outcome domain (cumulative incidence of atopic disease) as specified in our protocol. We summarised effect estimates as risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Where appropriate, we pooled safety data in meta‐analyses using fixed‐effect Mantel‐Haenszel methods, without zero‐cell corrections for dichotomous outcomes. Main results We identified four eligible studies reporting on atopic outcomes, representing 7333 children. Based on a single trial, there was uncertain evidence on whether wP vaccines affected the risk of overall atopic disease (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.17) or asthma only (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.82; 497 children) by 2.5 years old.Three NRSIs were judged to be at serious or critical risk of bias due to confounding, missing data, or both, and were ineligible for inclusion in a narrative synthesis.  We identified 21 eligible studies (137,281 children) that reported the safety outcomes of interest. We judged seven studies to be at high risk of bias and those remaining, at unclear risk.  The pooled RR was 0.94 for all‐cause SAEs (95% CI 0.78 to 1.15; I 2  = 0%; 15 studies, 38,072 children). For every 1000 children primed with a first dose of wP, 11 had an SAE. The corresponding risk with aP was 12 children (95% CI 9 to 13). The 95% CI around the risk difference ranged from three fewer to two more events per 1000 children, and the certainty of the evidence was judged as moderate (downgraded one level for imprecision). No diagnoses of encephalopathy following vaccination were reported (95% CI around the risk difference ‐ 5 to 12 per 100,000 children; seven primary series studies; 115,271 children). The certainty of the evidence was judged as low, since this is a serious condition, and we could not exclude a clinically meaningful difference. Authors' conclusions There is very low‐certainty evidence that a first dose of wP given early in infancy, compared to a first dose of aP, affects the risk of atopic diseases in children. The incidence of all‐cause SAEs in wP and aP vaccinees was low, and no cases of encephalopathy were reported. The certainty of the evidence was judged as moderate for all‐cause SAEs, and low for encephalopathy. Future studies should use sensitive and specific endpoints of clinical relevance, and should be conducted in settings with high prevalence of IgE‐mediated food allergy. Safety endpoints should prioritise common vaccine reactions, parental acceptability, SAEs and their potential relatedness to the dose administered. Plain language summary Can a first dose of whole‐cell whooping cough vaccine given before six months old prevent allergic diseases in childhood? What are allergic diseases? Allergic diseases are among the most common persistent illnesses in children. They are caused by the immune system reacting abnormally to otherwise harmless substances such as foods and pollens. Food allergies are of increasing concern as the number of cases reported in a number of high‐income countries over the past 30 years appears to have increased. Why we did this Cochrane Review? The only proven preventive strategy against food allergies is early introduction of peanut and egg into the infant diet. However, a recent study found that food allergies appeared less common in children who had received one or more doses of whole‐cell (wP) whooping cough vaccine in early infancy than in those who had received acellular (aP) whooping cough vaccines only. That study could not determine whether the apparently lower risk of allergy was because of the wP vaccine, or whether it was because of other potential differences between wP and aP‐vaccinated children, as the vaccines were not randomly assigned. Therefore, a Cochrane Review was required to identify any evidence of wP as a food allergy prevention strategy. What did we do? We searched for studies that compared wP versus aP vaccination in babies younger than six months. We were interested in comparing babies vaccinated with wP vaccines and those vaccinated with aP vaccines, with respect to: 1. how many went on to develop food allergy, asthma or serious (and potentially life‐threatening) allergic reactions; 2. how many had serious unwanted events following vaccination; and, 3. how many had encephalopathy, a serious yet uncommon condition affecting the brain. To compare rates of encephalopathy and other serious unwanted events, we looked for studies in which babies were given wP or aP vaccines at random (randomised controlled trials (RCTs)). To compare rates of allergic diseases, we also looked for studies where wP or aP vaccines were not given at random (non‐randomised studies of interventions (NRSIs)). In either case, studies lasted for at least six months. Search date We included evidence published up to September 2020. What we found Investigation 1 We found four studies (7333 children) carried out in Sweden (one), Australia (two) and the UK (one) that looked at the effect of whooping cough vaccines on allergic diseases. As we found little reliable data about the risk of food allergy after whooping cough vaccine, we decided to look at the risk of any allergic disease. Within 2.5 years of receiving a whooping cough vaccine (one RCT), 37/137 children vaccinated with wP, and 114/360 vaccinated with aP were diagnosed with at least one allergic disease. During the same period 15/137 vaccinated with wP and 38/360 vaccinated with aP were diagnosed with asthma specifically. No studies assessed serious or potentially life‐threatening allergic reactions. Investigations 2 & 3 Low numbers of serious unwanted effects were reported for all groups (15 studies, 38,072 children). For every 1000 babies vaccinated with a first dose of wP, 11 had at least one serious unwanted effect. The risk for those who received aP vaccines was 12 children. No cases of encephalopathy were identified in either group (seven studies, 115,271 children). How reliable are these findings? One RCT reporting on whooping cough vaccines and allergic diseases included few children, and was carried out in a country with low levels of allergic disease. Therefore, it remains very uncertain whether a first dose of wP does or does not decrease the risk of allergic diseases. Very few children experienced serious unwanted effects. We are uncertain whether there is a difference in the risk of serious unwanted effects in children vaccinated with a first dose of wP, compared with aP, but any difference is likely to be small. No cases of encephalopathy following vaccination were reported. Because this is a serious outcome, the certainty of the evidence was judged to be low. Key messages Ongoing and future studies may change our conclusions and provide more definitive evidence. The data reviewed suggest that wP is safe and support its continued use in countries where it is still recommended for preventing whooping cough.
Pain management for women in labour: an overview of systematic reviews; Abstract - Background The pain that women experience during labour is affected by multiple physiological and psychosocial factors and its intensity can vary greatly.  Most women in labour require pain relief. Pain management strategies include non‐pharmacological interventions (that aim to help women cope with pain in labour) and pharmacological interventions (that aim to relieve the pain of labour). Objectives To summarise the evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews on the efficacy and safety of non‐pharmacological and pharmacological interventions to manage pain in labour. We considered findings from non‐Cochrane systematic reviews if there was no relevant Cochrane review. Methods We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 5), The Cochrane Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 2 of 4), MEDLINE (1966 to 31 May 2011) and EMBASE (1974 to 31 May 2011) to identify all relevant systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials of pain management in labour. Each of the contributing Cochrane reviews (six new, nine updated) followed a generic protocol with 13 common primary efficacy and safety outcomes. Each Cochrane review included comparisons with placebo, standard care or with a different intervention according to a predefined hierarchy of interventions. Two review authors extracted data and assessed methodological quality, and data were checked by a third author. This overview is a narrative summary of the results obtained from individual reviews. Main results We identified 15 Cochrane reviews (255 included trials) and three non‐Cochrane reviews (55 included trials) for inclusion within this overview. For all interventions, with available data, results are presented as comparisons of: 1. Intervention versus placebo or standard care; 2. Different forms of the same intervention (e.g. one opioid versus another opioid); 3. One type of intervention versus a different type of intervention (e.g. TENS versus opioid). Not all reviews included results for all comparisons. Most reviews compared the intervention with placebo or standard care, but with the exception of opioids and epidural analgesia, there were few direct comparisons between different forms of the same intervention, and even fewer comparisons between different interventions. Based on these three comparisons, we have categorised interventions into: " What works" ,“What may work”, and “Insufficient evidence to make a judgement”. WHAT WORKS Evidence suggests that epidural, combined spinal epidural (CSE) and inhaled analgesia effectively manage pain in labour, but may give rise to adverse effects. Epidural, and inhaled analgesia effectively relieve pain when compared with placebo or a different type of intervention (epidural versus opioids). Combined‐spinal epidurals relieve pain more quickly than traditional or low dose epidurals. Women receiving inhaled analgesia were more likely to experience vomiting, nausea and dizziness. When compared with placebo or opioids, women receiving epidural analgesia had more instrumental vaginal births and caesarean sections for fetal distress, although there was no difference in the rates of caesarean section overall. Women receiving epidural analgesia were more likely to experience hypotension, motor blockade, fever or urinary retention. Less urinary retention was observed in women receiving CSE than in women receiving traditional epidurals. More women receiving CSE than low‐dose epidural experienced pruritus.   WHAT MAY WORK There is some evidence to suggest that immersion in water, relaxation, acupuncture, massage and local anaesthetic nerve blocks or non‐opioid drugs may improve management of labour pain, with few adverse effects.  Evidence was mainly limited to single trials. These interventions relieved pain and improved satisfaction with pain relief (immersion, relaxation, acupuncture, local anaesthetic nerve blocks, non‐opioids) and childbirth experience (immersion, relaxation, non‐opioids) when compared with placebo or standard care. Relaxation was associated with fewer assisted vaginal births and acupuncture was associated with fewer assisted vaginal births and caesarean sections. INSUFFICIENT EVIDENCE There is insufficient evidence to make judgements on whether or not hypnosis, biofeedback, sterile water injection, aromatherapy, TENS, or parenteral opioids are more effective than placebo or other interventions for pain management in labour. In comparison with other opioids more women receiving pethidine experienced adverse effects including drowsiness and nausea.  Authors' conclusions Most methods of non‐pharmacological pain management are non‐invasive and appear to be safe for mother and baby, however, their efficacy is unclear, due to limited high quality evidence. In many reviews, only one or two trials provided outcome data for analysis and the overall methodological quality of the trials was low. High quality trials are needed. There is more evidence to support the efficacy of pharmacological methods, but these have more adverse effects. Thus, epidural analgesia provides effective pain relief but at the cost of increased instrumental vaginal birth. It remains important to tailor methods used to each woman’s wishes, needs and circumstances, such as anticipated duration of labour, the infant's condition, and any augmentation or induction of labour. A major challenge in compiling this overview, and the individual systematic reviews on which it is based, has been the variation in use of different process and outcome measures in different trials, particularly assessment of pain and its relief, and effects on the neonate after birth. This made it difficult to pool results from otherwise similar studies, and to derive conclusions from the totality of evidence. Other important outcomes have simply not been assessed in trials; thus, despite concerns for 30 years or more about the effects of maternal opioid administration during labour on subsequent neonatal behaviour and its influence on breastfeeding, only two out of 57 trials of opioids reported breastfeeding as an outcome. We therefore strongly recommend that the outcome measures, agreed through wide consultation for this project, are used in all future trials of methods of pain management. Plain language summary Pain management for women in labour – an overview Women's experience of pain during labour varies greatly. Some women feel little pain whilst others find the pain extremely distressing.  A woman’s position in labour, mobility, and fear and anxiety or, conversely, confidence may influence her experience of pain. Several drug and non‐drug interventions are available, and in this overview we have assessed 18 systematic reviews of different interventions used to reduce pain in labour, 15 of these being Cochrane reviews. Most of the evidence on non‐drug interventions was based on just one or two studies and so the findings are not definitive.  However, we found that immersion in water, relaxation, acupuncture and massage all gave pain relief and better satisfaction with pain relief. Immersion and relaxation also gave better satisfaction with childbirth. Both relaxation and acupuncture decreased the use of forceps and ventouse, with acupuncture also decreasing the number of caesarean sections. There was insufficient evidence to make a judgement on whether or not hypnosis, biofeedback, sterile water injection, aromatherapy, and TENS are effective for pain relief in labour.  Overall, there were more studies of drug interventions. Inhaled nitrous oxide and oxygen (Entonox®) relieved pain, but some women felt drowsy, nauseous or were sick.  Non‐opioid drugs (e.g. sedatives) relieved pain and some gave greater satisfaction with pain relief than placebo or no treatment, but satisfaction with pain relief was less than with opioids. Epidurals relieved pain, but increased the numbers of births needing forceps or ventouse, and the risk of low blood pressure, motor blocks (hindering leg movement), fever and urine retention. Combined spinal‐epidurals gave faster pain relief but more women had itching than with epidurals alone, although urinary retention was less likely to be a problem. Local anaesthetic nerve blocks gave satisfaction but caused side effects of giddiness, sweating, tingling, and more babies had low heart rates. Parenteral opioids (injections of pethidine and related drugs) are less effective than epidural but there was insufficient evidence to make a judgement on whether or not they are more effective than other interventions for pain relief in labour. Overall, women should feel free to choose whatever pain management they feel would help them most during labour. Women who choose non‐drug pain management should feel free, if needed, to move onto a drug intervention. During pregnancy, women should be told about the benefits and potential adverse effects on themselves and their babies of the different methods of pain control. Individual studies showed considerable variation in how outcomes such as pain intensity were measured and some important outcomes were rarely or never included (for example, sense of control in labour, breastfeeding, mother and baby interaction, costs and infant outcomes). Further research is needed on the non‐drug interventions for pain management in labour.
Intramuscular arteether for treating severe malaria; Abstract - Background Quinine and artemisinin drugs are used in severe malaria, but quinine resistance is increasing. Arteether is a recently developed artemisinin derivative that is oil soluble, has a long elimination half life, and is more stable than other derivatives. Objectives To compare intramuscular arteether with other antimalarial drugs to treat severe malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (October 2010), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 3, 2010), MEDLINE (1966 to October 2010), EMBASE (1980 to October 2010), U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) Gateway (1953 to 1965), Web Science Citation (1981 to October 2010), LILACS (October 2010), Google search engine (October 2010), conference proceedings, and reference lists. We also contacted researchers, organizations, and pharmaceutical companies to help identify trials. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials of intramuscular arteether in adults and children with severe malaria. Data collection and analysis We independently assessed the risk of bias in the trials and extracted data, and analysed data using Review Manager 5. Main results Two small trials (n = 194) met the inclusion criteria. Both trials compared arteether with quinine in children with cerebral malaria and reported on similar outcomes. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of deaths (risk ratio 0.75, 95% confidence interval 0.43 to 1.30; n = 194, 2 trials), neurological complications (risk ratio 1.18, 95% confidence interval 0.31 to 4.46; n = 58, 1 trial), or other outcomes including time to regain consciousness, parasite clearance time, and fever clearance time. The meta‐analyses lack statistical power to detect important differences. Authors' conclusions More trials with a larger number of participants are needed before a firm conclusion about the efficacy and safety of arteether can be reached. 23 April 2019 No update planned Other This is not a current question. Plain language summary Intramuscular arteether to treat severe malaria People with severe malaria are unconscious, have difficulty breathing, may convulse, and have low blood sugar. They need to be treated quickly, but because of their illness cannot take drugs by mouth. Arteether, an artemisinin derivative, is a possible alternative to the standard drug quinine. There are two types, artemotil and alpha/beta arteether, both are which are given as an intramuscular injection once a day. The authors of this review wanted to compare intramuscular arteether with other drugs used to treat severe malaria. They identified two small trials with 194 participants. Both trials compared arteether with quinine in children with cerebral malaria (an unrousable coma that cannot be attributed to any other cause other than malaria). There was no difference between the drugs in the number of deaths, people with neurological symptoms, or other outcomes, but there were probably too few participants to detect differences.
Salicylate for the treatment of Kawasaki disease in children; Abstract - Background Kawasaki disease is the most common cause of acquired heart disease in children in developed countries. The coronary arteries supplying the heart can be damaged in Kawasaki disease. The principal advantage of timely diagnosis is the potential to prevent this complication with early treatment. Salicylate (acetyl salicylate acid (ASA), aspirin) and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) are widely used for this purpose. Salicylate is largely otherwise avoided in children because of concerns about serious side effects, particularly the risk of Reyes syndrome. Objectives The objective of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of salicylate in treating and preventing cardiac consequences of Kawasaki disease in children. Search methods For this update the Cochrane Peripheral Vascular Diseases Group searched their trials register (last searched January 2009) and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (last searched Issue 1, 2009). The authors searched MEDLINE (January 1966 to July 2006), EMBASE (January 1980 to July 2006), and CINAHL (1982 to July 2006), and reference list of articles. In addition, we contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of salicylate to treat Kawasaki disease in children were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Main results We found one trial involving 102 children which was described as randomised, but it was not possible to confirm the method of treatment allocation. A second comparative study, possibly with a randomised treatment allocation, was also identified. The one randomised trial reported no association between the addition of ASA to IVIG treatment on the rate of coronary artery abnormalities at follow up, but with wide confidence limits. The second, possibly randomised trial did demonstrate a reduction in duration of fever with high dose ASA compared with low dose ASA, but was insufficiently powered to establish the effect on coronary artery abnormalities at follow up. Authors' conclusions Until good quality RCTs are carried out, there is insufficient evidence to indicate whether children with Kawasaki disease should continue to receive salicylate as part of their treatment regimen. Plain language summary Salicylate for treating Kawasaki disease in children and to prevent long‐term cardiac abnormalities Kawasaki disease is an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) which predominantly affects young children, under the age of five years. It was first recognised in children in Japan and is the most common cause of acquired heart disease in children in developed countries. Kawasaki disease can be difficult to diagnose because it has similar symptoms to many common childhood infections. The most important complication of Kawasaki disease is caused by inflammation of the heart (coronary) arteries supplying blood to the heart muscle. This may lead to immediate heart problems and damage to the coronary arteries can also have long‐term effects. Salicylate (acetyl salicylate acid, aspirin) and intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) are widely used to treat Kawasaki disease, although salicylate is generally avoided in children because of concerns about serious side effects, particularly the risk of Reye's syndrome causing swelling of the brain and liver. The review authors identified only one randomised controlled trial, from Japan, reported in 1991. A total of 102 children were randomised to receive IVIG with or without salicylate. There was no clear benefit of adding salicylate to immunoglobulin treatment on the rate of coronary artery abnormalities observed, up to 30 days. The spread of findings was wide and could include a beneficial effect of salicylate. There are theoretical grounds for using salicylate to prevent damage to the coronary arteries. However, there are concerns that aspirin use in children to treat fever can have adverse effects and children with Kawasaki disease who are treated with immunoglobulins have a very low rate of coronary artery abnormalities.
EEG for children with complex febrile seizures; Abstract - Background Febrile seizures can be classified as simple or complex. Complex febrile seizures are associated with fever that lasts longer than 15 minutes, occur more than once within 24 hours, and are confined to one side of the child's body. It is common in some countries for doctors to recommend an electroencephalograph (EEG) for children with complex febrile seizures. A limited evidence base is available to support the use of EEG and its timing after complex febrile seizures among children. Objectives To assess the use of EEG and its timing after complex febrile seizures in children younger than five years of age. Search methods For the latest update of this review, we searched the following databases on 12 March 2019: Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web), which includes the Cochrane Epilepsy Group Specialized Register and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 11 March 2019); and  ClinicalTrials.gov . We applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the utility of an EEG and its timing after complex febrile seizures in children. Data collection and analysis The review authors selected and retrieved the articles and independently assessed which articles should be included. Any disagreements were resolved by discussion and by consultation with the Cochrane Epilepsy Group. We applied standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results Of 48 potentially eligible studies, no RCTs met the inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions We found no RCTs as evidence to support or refute the use of EEG and its timing after complex febrile seizures among children under the age of five. An RCT can be planned in such a way that participants are randomly assigned to the EEG group and to the non‐EEG group with sufficient sample size. Since the last version of this review, we have found no new studies. Plain language summary EEG for children with complex febrile seizures Background   Febrile seizures (fits) can be classified as simple or complex. Complex febrile seizures are associated with a high temperature (fever), last longer than 15 minutes, occur more than once within 24 hours, and are confined to one side of the child's body. It is common in some countries for doctors to recommend an electroencephalograph (EEG), which records electrical activity in the brain, on children with complex febrile seizures. The EEG may help identify why the seizures occur and predict the risk of future seizures. Study characteristics   We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups; these are regarded as a gold standard for trial design) that compared EEG with no EEG or a delayed EEG (occurring at second seizure) in children under five years of age with a first complex febrile seizure. We planned to look at the number of seizures that occurred at 1, 6, 12, and 24 months after EEG. Key results and quality of the evidence   We attempted to search all possible sources but were unable to find any randomised controlled trials to address the issue up to 12 March 2019. We concluded that there is no high‐quality evidence to support or refute the use of an EEG and its timing after complex febrile seizures in children. Well‐designed randomised controlled trials are therefore required. We intend to update this review regularly with the hope that new randomised studies will be reported in the future.
Oral or topical nasal steroids for hearing loss associated with otitis media with effusion in children; Abstract - Background Otitis media with effusion (OME) is common and may cause hearing loss with associated developmental delay. Treatment remains controversial. Objectives To examine the evidence for treating children with hearing loss associated with OME with systemic or topical intranasal steroids. Search methods We searched the Cochrane ENT Group Trials Register; CENTRAL; PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; mRCT and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 26 August 2010. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of oral and topical intranasal steroids, either alone or in combination with another agent such as an oral antibiotic. We excluded publications in abstract form only; uncontrolled, non‐randomised or retrospective studies; and studies reporting outcomes by ears (rather than children). Data collection and analysis The authors independently extracted data from the published reports using standardised data extraction forms and methods. We assessed the quality of the included studies using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. We expressed dichotomous results as a risk ratio (RR) and continuous data as weighted mean difference (WMD), both with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Where feasible we pooled studies using a random‐effects model and performed tests for heterogeneity between studies. In trials with a cross‐over design, we did not use post cross‐over treatment data. Main results We included 12 medium to high‐quality studies with a total of 945 participants. No study documented hearing loss associated with OME prior to randomisation. The follow‐up period was generally limited, with only one study of intranasal steroid reporting outcome data beyond six months. There was no evidence of benefit from steroid treatment (oral or topical) in terms of hearing loss associated with OME. Pooled data using a fixed‐effect model for OME resolution at short‐term follow up (< 1 month) showed a significant effect of oral steroids compared to control (RR 4.48; 95% CI 1.52 to 13.23; Chi² 2.75, df = 2, P = 0.25; I² = 27%). Oral steroids plus antibiotic also resulted in an improvement in OME resolution compared to placebo plus antibiotic at less than one month follow up, using a random‐effects model (RR 1.99; 95% CI 1.14 to 3.49; five trials, 409 children). However, there was significant heterogeneity between studies (P < 0.01, I² = 69%). There was no evidence of beneficial effect on OME resolution at greater than one month follow up with oral steroids (used alone or with antibiotics) or intranasal steroids (used alone or with antibiotics) at any follow‐up period. There was also no evidence of benefit from steroid treatment (oral or topical) in terms of symptoms. Authors' conclusions While oral steroids, especially when used in combination with an oral antibiotic, lead to a quicker resolution of OME in the short term, there is no evidence of longer‐term benefit and no evidence that they relieve symptoms of hearing loss. We found no evidence of benefit from treatment of OME with topical intranasal steroids, alone or in combination with an antibiotic, either at short or longer‐term follow up. Plain language summary Oral or topical nasal steroids for hearing loss associated with otitis media with effusion (glue ear) in children Glue ear (otitis media with effusion ‐ OME) is sticky fluid in the middle ear that does not cause pain or fever but can reduce hearing. Steroid drugs (taken orally or as nose spray) are sometimes used to try to speed up the resolution of effusion and so prevent hearing loss. Other treatment options include oral antibiotics and other medicines, or surgical procedures such as grommets (ventilation tubes). This review of trials found that oral steroids (especially when used in combination with antibiotics) speeded up the resolution of OME in the short term. However, there was no long‐term evidence to show lasting benefit or improved hearing. There was no evidence that using steroid drugs as a nose spray benefited children with OME.
High‐dose therapy with autologous stem cell transplantation versus chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy for follicular lymphoma in adults; Abstract - Background Follicular lymphoma (FL) is the most common indolent and second most common Non‐Hodgkin`s lymphoma (NHL) in the Western world. Standard treatment usually includes rituximab and chemotherapy. High‐dose therapy (HDT) followed by autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) is an option for patients in advanced stages or for second‐line therapy, leading to improved progression‐free survival (PFS) rates. However, the impact of HDT and ASCT remains unclear, as there are hints of an increased risk of second cancers. Objectives We performed a systematic review with meta‐analysis of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDT plus ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy in patients with FL with respect to overall survival (OS), PFS, treatment‐related mortality (TRM), adverse events and secondary malignancies. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE as well as conference proceedings from January 1985 to September 2011 for RCTs. Two review authors independently screened search results. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy with HDT followed by ASCT in adults with previously untreated or relapsed FL. Data collection and analysis We used hazard ratios (HR) as effect measures used for OS and PFS as well as relative risks for response rates. Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. Main results Our search strategies led to 3046 potentially relevant references. Of these, five RCTs involving 1093 patients were included; four trials in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. Overall, the quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open‐label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias are uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in previously untreated FL patients in the HDT + ASCT arm (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). However, this effect is not transferred into a statistically significant OS advantage (HR = 0.97; 95% 0.76 to 1.24; P = 0.81). The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to be stopped early after an interim analysis due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT + ASCT arm (PFS: HR = 0.36; 95% CI 0.23 to 0.55; OS: HR = 0.88; 95% CI 0.40 to 1.92). In the four trials in previously untreated patients there are no statistically significant differences between HDT + ASCT and the control‐arm in terms of TRM (RR = 1.28; 95% CI 0.25 to 6.61; P = 0.77), secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes (RR = 2.87; 95% CI 0.7 to 11.75; P = 0.14) or solid cancers (RR = 1.20; 95% CI 0.25 to 5.77; P = 0.82). Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT + ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one trial, N = 70) that HDT + ASCT is advantageous in terms of PFS and OS (PFS: HR = 0.30; 95% CI 0.15 to 0.61; OS: HR = 0.40; 95% CI 0.18 to 0.89). For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. Authors' conclusions In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT + ASCT compared with chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy in previously untreated patients with FL. No statistically significant differences in terms of OS, TRM and secondary cancers were detected. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis (one trial) adding rituximab to both treatment arms. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely in the era of rituximab. Moreover, longer follow‐up data are necessary to find out whether the PFS advantage will translate into an OS advantage in previously untreated patients with FL. There is evidence that HDT + ASCT is advantageous in patients with relapsed FL. Plain language summary Treatment of follicular lymphoma Follicular lymphoma is a malignancy of the lymphatic system and a common type of non‐Hodgkin lymphoma. Follicular lymphoma arises from B‐cells, mainly affects older adults and because of its slow growth it is called an indolent lymphoma. Follicular lymphoma grows unnoticed for a long time and is recognised by lymph node enlargement, fever, weight loss, sweating or fatigue. It is called follicular lymphoma because affected lymph nodes show rounded structures called "follicles". Using computer tomography scans, bone marrow biopsy and blood tests, follicular lymphoma is classified into the early Ann Arbor stages I and II or the advanced Ann Arbor stages III or IV, which are diagnosed in the majority of patients. Prognosis and therapy are related to the extent of the disease at initial diagnosis. The small number of patients in stages I or II may be cured by radiotherapy. In advanced stages III or IV, patients are regarded as incurable. Chemotherapy plus the monoclonal antibody rituximab is considered as current treatment strategy for symptomatic patients in advanced stages. Positive effects of high‐dose therapy with transplantation of patients' own stem cells (autologous) are known for patients in advanced stages, especially for the endpoint progression‐free survival. However, this treatment option could have comparatively more treatment‐related late side effects than chemotherapy, including secondary malignancies. With this assumption, we assessed the role of high‐dose therapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation in the treatment of follicular lymphoma in adults. We included five trials with 1093 patients in the main analyses. As a result, the meta‐analyses for previously untreated patients (four trials) show no statistical significant differences in terms of survival, treatment‐related mortality or secondary malignancies between the patients treated with high‐dose therapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation and those treated with chemotherapy only. However, progression‐free survival (tumour control), was significantly improved by the high‐dose chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation. Adverse events are more common in patients treated with high‐dose therapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation. There is an advantage of the high‐dose chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation for patients with a relapse of the disease, both in survival and in tumour control (one trial). No data on adverse events are reported in this trial.
Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents; Abstract - Background Pain is a common feature of childhood and adolescence around the world, and for many young people, that pain is chronic. The World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines for pharmacological treatments for persisting pain in children acknowledge that pain in children is a major public health concern of high significance in most parts of the world. Views on children's pain have changed over time and relief of pain is now seen as important. In the past, pain was largely dismissed and was frequently left untreated, and it was assumed that children quickly forgot about painful experiences. We designed a suite of seven reviews in chronic non‐cancer pain and cancer pain (looking at antidepressants, antiepileptic drugs, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, opioids, and paracetamol as priority areas) to review the evidence for children's pain using pharmacological interventions. As one of the leading causes of mortality and morbidity for children and adolescents in the world today, childhood cancer (and its associated pain) is a major health concern. Specific mortality and morbidity data relating to children are not currently identified. All childhood cancer rates are on the rise; for example, in the USA approximately 10,380 children aged under 15 years were expected to be diagnosed with cancer by the end of 2016. However, with survival rates also increasing, over 80% of paediatric cancer patients are expected to survive for five years or more, thus identifying the need to address pain management in this population. Cancer pain in infants, children, and adolescents is primarily nociceptive pain with negative long term effects. Cancer‐related pain is generally caused directly by the tumour itself such as compressing on the nerve or inflammation of the organs. Cancer‐related pain generally occurs as a result of perioperative procedures, nerve damage caused by radiation or chemotherapy treatments, or mucositis. However, this review focused on pain caused directly by the tumour itself such as nerve infiltration, external nerve compression, and other inflammatory events. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are used to treat pain, reduce fever, and for their anti‐inflammatory properties. They are commonly used within paediatric pain management. NSAIDs are currently licensed for use in western countries, however not approved for infants aged under three months. Primary adverse effects include gastrointestinal issues and possible renal impairment with long term use. Other adverse effects in children include diarrhoea, headache, nausea, constipation, rash, dizziness, and abdominal pain. Objectives To assess the analgesic efficacy, and adverse events, of non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) used to treat cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents aged from birth and 17 years, in any setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) via the Cochrane Register of Studies Online, MEDLINE via Ovid, and Embase via Ovid from inception to 21 February 2017. We also searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews, and searched online clinical trial registries. Selection criteria Randomised, double‐blind trials of any dose, and any route, treating cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents, comparing NSAIDs with placebo or an active comparator. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for eligibility. We planned to use dichotomous data to calculate risk ratio and number needed to treat for one additional event, using standard methods. We planned to assess GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation) and planned to create a 'Summary of findings' table. Main results No studies were eligible for inclusion in this review. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs for treating cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of NSAIDs to treat chronic cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents. We are unable to comment about efficacy or harm from the use of NSAIDs to treat chronic cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents. Plain language summary NSAIDs for cancer‐related pain in children and adolescents Bottom line We are uncertain whether NSAIDs will provide pain relief for cancer‐related pain in children or adolescents. Background Childhood cancer is one of the leading causes of disease and death for children and adolescents in the world today. Its associated pain is a major health concern and specific data for children are not currently well known. Cancer pain in infants, children, and adolescents is primarily nerve pain with negative long term effects. Cancer‐related pain is generally caused directly by the tumour itself such as nerve infiltration, external nerve compression, and other inflammatory events. NSAIDs are used to treat pain or reduce fever, and are commonly used in children. NSAIDs are currently licensed for use in western countries, but they are not approved for infants aged under three months. The key side effects of NSAIDs are stomach problems and possible damage to kidneys following long term use. Other side effects in children include diarrhoea, headache, nausea, constipation, rash, dizziness, flatulence, stomach pain, and indigestion. Key results In February 2017 we searched for randomised controlled clinical trials where any NSAIDs were used to treat any cancer‐related pain in people aged from birth to 17 years. We found no studies that met the requirements for this review. Several studies tested NSAIDs on adults in chronic pain, but none in participants aged from birth to 17 years. Quality of the evidence We planned to rate the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels:  very low ,  low ,  moderate , or  high .  Very low  quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results.  High  quality evidence means that we are very confident in the results. We were unable to rate the quality of the evidence as there was no evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the suggestion that NSAIDs in any dose will reduce chronic cancer‐related pain in children or adolescents.
Needle aspiration versus incision and drainage for the treatment of peritonsillar abscess; Abstract - Background Peritonsillar abscess is a common infection presenting as a collection of pus in the peritonsillar area. The condition is characterised by a severe sore throat, difficulty in swallowing and pain on swallowing, fever and malaise, and trismus. Needle aspiration and incision and drainage are the two main treatment modalities currently used in the treatment of this condition. The effectiveness of one versus the other has not been clearly demonstrated and remains an area of debate. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and risks of needle aspiration versus incision and drainage for the treatment of peritonsillar abscess in older children (eight years of age or older), adolescents and adults. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 7); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 25 August 2016. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing needle aspiration with incision and drainage. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were recurrence rate (proportion of patients needing repeat intervention) and adverse effects associated with the intervention. Secondary outcomes were time to resumption of normal diet, complications of the disease process and symptom scores. We used GRADE to assess the quality of evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included 11 studies (674 participants). The risk of bias was high or unclear in all of the included studies. All studies compared needle aspiration to incision and drainage. All but one of the 11 studies reported on the primary outcome of  recurrence . When we pooled data from the 10 studies the recurrence rate was higher in the needle aspiration group compared with incision and drainage: risk ratio (RR) 3.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.63 to 8.59; 612 participants). We detected moderate heterogeneity in this analysis (I 2  = 48%). In interpreting the pooled result it is important to note that the evidence for this outcome was of  very low quality . None of the other outcomes ( adverse effects  of the intervention,  time to resumption of normal diet ,  complications of the disease process  and  symptom scores ) were consistently measured across all studies. Only three studies reported on  adverse effects/events associated with the intervention  and only one such event in a single patient was reported (post‐procedure bleeding following incision and drainage: 1/28, 3.6%) ( very low‐quality evidence ). Time to resumption of normal diet  was compared in two studies; neither found an obvious difference between needle aspiration and incision and drainage ( very low‐quality evidence ). Only three studies stated that they would report  complications of the disease process . In these three studies, the only complication reported was admission to hospital for dehydration in two patients who underwent incision and drainage (2/13, 6.7%). Symptom scores  were measured in four studies; three evaluated pain using different scales and one other symptoms. The data could not be pooled in a meta‐analysis. Two studies evaluating procedural pain reported this to be lower in the needle aspiration groups. One study found comparable rates of pain resolution at five days post‐intervention between groups. The quality of the evidence for symptom scores was  very low . Authors' conclusions Although a number of studies have sought to evaluate whether or not needle aspiration or incision and drainage is more effective in patients with peritonsillar abscess, there is no high‐quality evidence to allow a firm conclusion to be drawn and the answer remains uncertain.  Very low‐quality evidence  suggests that incision and drainage  may  be associated with a lower chance of recurrence than needle aspiration. There is some  very low‐quality evidence  to suggest that needle aspiration is less painful. Plain language summary Needle aspiration compared to incision and drainage for the treatment of peritonsillar abscess (quinsy) Review question This review compared the effectiveness of the two main treatment options for peritonsillar abscess: needle aspiration and incision and drainage. Background Peritonsillar abscesses are infections at the back of the throat in which a collection of pus (abscess) has formed next to the tonsil. The condition is characterised by a severe sore throat, difficulty in swallowing and pain on swallowing, fever and malaise, and trismus (inability to open the mouth completely). Treatment is usually by one of two methods. The first is needle aspiration (sucking the pus out using a syringe and needle) and the second 'incision and drainage' (putting a small knife into the abscess to let the pus drain out). It remains unclear whether one type of treatment is better than the other. Study characteristics We included 11 studies with a total of 674 participants. The participants in the studies were aged from 8 to 79. The studies were conducted in a number of countries (six from Pakistan, two from the USA, one from Taiwan and two from South Africa). All but one of the 11 studies reported the difference in recurrence rate between needle aspiration and incision and drainage. Four studies compared symptom scores associated with the procedure and two studies compared time to resumption of normal diet. Three studies reported adverse effects/events associated with the intervention. Two studies reported complications of the disease process itself. The evidence is current to August 2016. Key results Ten studies reported on the recurrence of peritonsillar abscess (our main outcome). Most of them did not clearly define 'recurrence' and they varied in the timing of its assessment, however we were able to combine (pool) the data from these studies. When we pooled the data the recurrence rate was higher in the needle aspiration group compared with incision and drainage. It is important to note that the evidence for this outcome was of  very low quality . Some studies found that patients had more pain when they had incision and drainage. Quality of the evidence We identified problems or potential problems in all of the included studies. The most important of these was that the studies did not all assess recurrence in the same way, at the same time, using the same criteria. The quality of the evidence for all of the outcomes that we looked at was  very low .
Anti‐histamines for prolonged non‐specific cough in children; Abstract - Background Non‐specific cough is defined as non‐productive cough in the absence of identifiable respiratory disease or known aetiology. It is commonly seen in paediatric practice. These children are treated with a variety of therapies including anti‐histamines. Also, anti‐histamines are advocated as an empirical treatment in adults with chronic cough. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of anti‐histamines in treating children with prolonged non‐specific cough. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, OLDMEDLINE and EMBASE databases. The latest searches were performed in November 2009. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials comparing anti‐histamines with a placebo or placebo‐like medication with cough as an outcome, where cough is not primarily related to an underlying respiratory disorder such as cystic fibrosis, asthma, or suppurative lung disease. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study quality and extracted data. Main results Three included therapeutic studies had 182 randomised participants with 162 completing the trials although in one study, children with recurrent wheeze were also included. The four included safety evaluation studies randomised 3166 participants with 2862 completing the trials. Clinical heterogeneity was evident and limited data prevented combining data for meta‐analysis. The two larger therapeutic studies described significant improvement in both the intervention and the placebo/placebo‐like arms with no significant difference between the two groups. In the study with the smallest sample size, cetirizine (a second generation anti‐histamine) was significantly more efficacious than placebo in reducing chronic cough in children associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis, and the effect was seen within two weeks of therapy. In contrast three of the larger evaluation studies that enrolled children with allergic rhinitis described a non‐significant increase in cough as an adverse event. Combined data from the four safety evaluation studies revealed a non‐significant difference between groups (OR 1.47 , 95% CI 0.86, 2.49) for cough as an adverse event but the trend favoured the placebo arm. Authors' conclusions This review has significant limitations. However, our finding of uncertain efficacy of anti‐histamines for chronic cough are similar to that for acute cough in children. In contrast to recommendations in adults with chronic cough, anti‐histamines cannot be recommended as empirical therapy for children with chronic cough. If anti‐histamines were to be trialled in these children, current data suggest a clinical response (time to response) occurs within two weeks of therapy. However the use of anti‐histamines in children with non‐specific cough has to be balanced against the well known risk of adverse events especially in very young children. Plain language summary Anti‐histamines for prolonged non‐specific cough in children Children with non‐specific cough are commonly treated with a variety of medications to treat the symptom of cough. The objective of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of anti‐histamines in children with prolonged cough that is not related to an underlying respiratory disease, that is, non‐specific chronic cough. We included three therapeutic studies with 182 randomised participants. Two studies found that chronic cough significantly improved in both treatment and placebo groups with no difference between the two groups. One small study however described that children who had chronic cough associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis treated with cetirizine improved significantly more than children on placebo and this difference was evident by two weeks. Four studies that evaluated safety profiles included 3166 randomised participants and described a non significant increase in cough in participants who received the active medication. Despite the limitations of this review, our findings are similar to the review on anti‐histamines for acute cough which showed no good evidence for or against the use of anti‐histamines. In contrast to recommendations in adults with chronic cough, anti‐histamines cannot be recommended as empirical therapy for children with chronic cough. Further research examining the effects of this treatment using child appropriate cough outcome measures is needed.
Immersion in water during labour and birth; Abstract - Background Water immersion during labour and birth is increasingly popular and is becoming widely accepted across many countries, and particularly in midwifery‐led care settings. However, there are concerns around neonatal water inhalation, increased requirement for admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), maternal and/or neonatal infection, and obstetric anal sphincter injuries (OASIS). This is an update of a review last published in 2011. Objectives To assess the effects of water immersion during labour and/or birth (first, second and third stage of labour) on women and their infants. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov  and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (18 July 2017), and reference lists of retrieved trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing water immersion with no immersion, or other non‐pharmacological forms of pain management during labour and/or birth in healthy low‐risk women at term gestation with a singleton fetus. Quasi‐RCTs and cluster‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Cross‐over trials were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Two review authors assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results This review includes 15 trials conducted between 1990 and 2015 (3663 women): eight involved water immersion during the first stage of labour; two during the second stage only; four during the first and second stages of labour, and one comparing early versus late immersion during the first stage of labour. No trials evaluated different baths/pools, or third‐stage labour management. All trials were undertaken in a hospital labour ward setting, with a varying degree of medical intervention considered as routine practice. No study was carried out in a midwifery‐led care setting. Most trial authors did not specify the parity of women. Trials were subject to varying degrees of bias: the intervention could not be blinded and there was a lack of information about randomisation, and whether analyses were undertaken by intention‐to‐treat. Immersion in water versus no immersion (first stage of labour) There is probably little or no difference in spontaneous vaginal birth between immersion and no immersion (83% versus 82%; risk ratio (RR) 1.01, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.97 to 1.04; 6 trials; 2559 women; moderate‐quality evidence); instrumental vaginal birth (12% versus 14%; RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.05; 6 trials; 2559 women; low‐quality evidence); and caesarean section (5% versus 4%; RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.79; 7 trials; 2652 women; low‐quality evidence). There is insufficient evidence to determine the effect of immersion on estimated blood loss (mean difference (MD) ‐14.33 mL, 95% CI ‐63.03 to 34.37; 2 trials; 153 women; very low‐quality evidence) and third‐ or fourth‐degree tears (3% versus 3%; RR 1.36, 95% CI 0.85 to 2.18; 4 trials; 2341 women; moderate‐quality evidence). There was a small reduction in the risk of using regional analgesia for women allocated to water immersion from 43% to 39% (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.99; 5 trials; 2439 women; moderate‐quality evidence). Perinatal deaths were not reported, and there is insufficient evidence to determine the impact on neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions (6% versus 6%; average RR 1.30, 95% CI 0.42 to 3.97; 2 trials; 1511 infants; I² = 36%; low‐quality evidence), or on neonatal infection rates (1% versus 1%; RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.50 to 7.94; 5 trials; 1295 infants; very low‐quality evidence). Immersion in water versus no immersion (second stage of labour) There were no clear differences between groups for spontaneous vaginal birth (98% versus 97%; RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.08; 120 women; 1 trial; low‐quality evidence); instrumental vaginal birth (2% versus 2%; RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.06 to 15.62; 1 trial; 120 women; very low‐quality evidence); caesarean section (0% versus 2%; RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.02; 1 trial; 120 women; very low‐quality evidence), and NICU admissions (8% versus 11%; RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.59; 2 trials; 291 women; very low‐quality evidence). Use of regional analgesia was not relevant to the second stage of labour. Third‐ or fourth‐degree tears, and estimated blood loss were not reported in either trial. No trial reported neonatal infection but did report neonatal temperature less than 36.2°C at birth (9% versus 9%; RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.30 to 3.20; 1 trial; 109 infants; very low‐quality evidence), greater than 37.5°C at birth (15% versus 6%; RR 2.62, 95% CI 0.73 to 9.35; 1 trial; 109 infants; very low‐quality evidence), and fever reported in first week (2% versus 5%; RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.10 to 2.82; 1 trial; 171 infants; very low‐quality evidence), with no clear effect between groups being observed. One perinatal death occurred in the immersion group in one trial (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.12 to 72.20; 1 trial; 120 infants; very low‐quality evidence). The infant was born to a mother with HIV and the cause of death was deemed to be intrauterine infection. There is no evidence of increased adverse effects to the baby or woman from either the first or second stage of labour. Only one trial (200 women) compared early and late entry into the water and there were insufficient data to show any clear differences. Authors' conclusions In healthy women at low risk of complications there is moderate to low‐quality evidence that water immersion during the first stage of labour probably has little effect on mode of birth or perineal trauma, but may reduce the use of regional analgesia. The evidence for immersion during the second stage of labour is limited and does not show clear differences on maternal or neonatal outcomes intensive care. There is no evidence of increased adverse effects to the fetus/neonate or woman from labouring or giving birth in water. Available evidence is limited by clinical variability and heterogeneity across trials, and no trial has been conducted in a midwifery‐led setting. Plain language summary Immersion in water in labour and birth What is the issue? To assess the effects of water immersion (waterbirth) during labour and/or birth (first, second and third stage of labour) on women and their infants. Why is this important? Many women choose to labour and give birth in water (water immersion) and this practice is becoming more popular in many countries, particularly in midwifery‐led units. Therefore, it is important to understand more about the benefits of water immersion in labour and birth for women and their newborns, along with any risks. It is important to examine whether immersion in water during the first and/or the second stage of labour has the potential to maximise women's ability to manage labour pain, and to have a normal birth without increasing the risk of an adverse (harmful) event. Adverse events might be an increased risk of infection for women and/or their newborn; an increased likelihood of a serious tear to the perineum (the area between anus and vagina), and it may make estimating blood loss more difficult in the event of a haemorrhage. In assessing the benefits, we consider well‐being to cover both physical and psychological health. What evidence did we find? We included 15 trials (3663 women). All the trials compared immersion in water with no immersion in water: eight during the first stage of labour, two during the second stage of labour (waterbirth) only, four during the first and second stages of labour, and one early versus late immersion during the first stage of labour. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality. No trial compared immersion in water with other forms of pain management. Water immersion during the first stage of labour probably results in fewer women having an epidural, but probably makes little or no difference to the number of women who have a normal vaginal birth, instrumental birth, caesarean section or a serious perineal tear. We are uncertain about the effect on the amount of blood loss after birth because the quality of the evidence was very low. Labouring in water also may make little or no difference to babies being admitted to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) or developing infections. Stillbirths and baby deaths were not reported. Two trials compared water immersion during the second stage (birth) with no immersion. We found that immersion may make little or no difference in numbers of women who have a normal vaginal birth. It is uncertain whether immersion makes any difference to instrumental vaginal births, caesarean sections, numbers of babies admitted to NICU, babies' temperatures at birth and fever in babies during the first week, because the quality of the evidence was found to be very low for all of these outcomes. Epidurals were not relevant to this stage of labour. Serious perineal tears and blood loss after birth were not reported in either trial. Only one trial (200 women) compared women who got into the water early and late in their labour but there was not enough information to show any clear differences between the groups. What does this mean? Labouring in water may reduce the number of women having an epidural. Giving birth in water did not appear to affect mode of birth, or the number of women having a serious perineal tear. This review found no evidence that labouring in water increases the risk of an adverse outcome for women or their newborns. The trials varied in quality and further research is needed particularly for waterbirth and its use in birth settings outside hospital labour wards before we can be more certain of these effects. Research is also needed about women’s and caregivers experiences of labour and birth in water.
Different antibiotic treatments for group A streptococcal pharyngitis; Abstract - Background Antibiotics provide only modest benefit in treating sore throat, although their effectiveness increases in people with positive throat swabs for group A beta‐haemolytic streptococci (GABHS). It is unclear which antibiotic is the best choice if antibiotics are indicated. This is an update of a review first published in 2010, and updated in 2013, 2016, and 2021. Objectives To assess the comparative efficacy of different antibiotics in: (a) alleviating symptoms (pain, fever); (b) shortening the duration of the illness; (c) preventing clinical relapse (i.e. recurrence of symptoms after initial resolution); and (d) preventing complications (suppurative complications, acute rheumatic fever, post‐streptococcal glomerulonephritis). To assess the evidence on the comparative incidence of adverse effects and the risk‐benefit of antibiotic treatment for streptococcal pharyngitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2023, Issue 2), MEDLINE Ovid, Embase Elsevier, and Web of Science (Clarivate) up to 19 March 2023. Selection criteria Randomised, double‐blind trials comparing different antibiotics, and reporting at least one of the following: clinical cure, clinical relapse, or complications and/or adverse events. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened trials for inclusion and extracted data using standard methodological procedures recommended by Cochrane. We assessed the risk of bias in the included studies according to the methods outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions,  and used the GRADE approach to assess the overall certainty of the evidence for the outcomes. We reported the intention‐to‐treat analysis, and also performed an analysis of evaluable participants to explore the robustness of the intention‐to‐treat results. Main results We included 19 trials reported in 18 publications (5839 randomised participants): six trials compared penicillin with cephalosporins; six compared penicillin with macrolides; three compared penicillin with carbacephem; one compared penicillin with sulphonamides; one compared clindamycin with ampicillin; and one compared azithromycin with amoxicillin in children. All participants had confirmed acute GABHS tonsillopharyngitis, and ages ranged from one month to 80 years. Nine trials included only, or predominantly, children. Most trials were conducted in an outpatient setting. Reporting of randomisation, allocation concealment, and blinding was poor in all trials. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence mainly due to lack of (or poor reporting of) randomisation or blinding, or both, heterogeneity, and wide confidence intervals. Cephalosporins versus penicillin We are uncertain if there is a difference in symptom resolution (at 2 to 15 days) for cephalosporins versus penicillin (odds ratio (OR) for absence of symptom resolution 0.79, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 1.12; 5 trials, 2018 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Results of the sensitivity analysis of evaluable participants differed (OR 0.51, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.97; 5 trials, 1660 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Based on an analysis of evaluable participants, we are uncertain if clinical relapse may be lower for cephalosporins compared with penicillin (OR 0.55, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.99; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 50; 4 trials, 1386 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Very low‐certainty evidence showed no difference in reported adverse events. Macrolides versus penicillin We are uncertain if there is a difference between macrolides and penicillin for resolution of symptoms (OR 1.11, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.35; 6 trials, 1728 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Sensitivity analysis of evaluable participants resulted in an OR of 0.79 (95% CI 0.57 to 1.09; 6 trials, 1159 participants). We are uncertain if clinical relapse may be different (OR 1.21, 95% CI 0.48 to 3.03; 6 trials, 802 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Children treated with macrolides seemed to experience more adverse events than those treated with penicillin (OR 2.33, 95% CI 1.06 to 5.15; 1 trial, 489 participants; low‐certainty evidence). However, the test for subgroup differences between children and adults was not significant. Azithromycin versus amoxicillin Based on one unpublished trial in children, we are uncertain if resolution of symptoms is better with azithromycin in a single dose versus amoxicillin for 10 days (OR 0.76, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.05; 1 trial, 673 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Sensitivity analysis for per‐protocol analysis resulted in an OR of 0.29 (95% CI 0.11 to 0.73; 1 trial, 482 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We are also uncertain if there was a difference in relapse between groups (OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.43 to 1.82; 1 trial, 422 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Adverse events were more common with azithromycin compared to amoxicillin (OR 2.67, 95% CI 1.78 to 3.99; 1 trial, 673 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Carbacephem versus penicillin There is low‐certainty evidence that compared with penicillin, carbacephem may provide better symptom resolution post‐treatment in adults and children (OR 0.70, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.99; NNTB 14.3; 3 trials, 795 participants). Studies did not report on long‐term complications, so it was unclear if any class of antibiotics was better at preventing serious but rare complications. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain if there are clinically relevant differences in symptom resolution when comparing cephalosporins and macrolides with penicillin in the treatment of GABHS tonsillopharyngitis. Low‐certainty evidence in children suggests that carbacephem may be more effective than penicillin for symptom resolution. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions regarding the other comparisons in this review. Data on complications were too scarce to draw conclusions. Antibiotics have a limited effect in the treatment of GABHS pharyngitis and the results do not demonstrate that other antibiotics are more effective than penicillin. In the context of antimicrobial stewardship, penicillin can be used if treatment with an antibiotic is indicated. All studies were conducted in high‐income countries with a low risk of streptococcal complications, so there is a need for trials in low‐income countries and disadvantaged populations, where the risk of complications remains high. Plain language summary Different antibiotics for group A streptococcal pharyngitis Which antibiotic is better for pharyngitis (or sore throat)? Key messages   The effect on the resolution of symptoms of sore throat/pharyngitis caused by group A beta‐haemolytic streptococci (GABHS) was similar between different antibiotics. All antibiotics may cause adverse effects. What is pharyngitis?   Pharyngitis (or sore throat) is an inflammation of the throat that is caused by viruses or bacteria (e.g. group A beta‐haemolytic streptococci). It usually resolves without treatment. The risk of complications is extremely low for most people in high‐income countries. However, GABHS infection can have serious complications in some populations. How is pharyngitis treated?  Sometimes antibiotics are prescribed. Penicillin has been used to treat GABHS for many years. GABHS resistance to penicillin is rare. However, antibiotics provide only modest benefits, even if GABHS is present.   What did we want to find out?   We wanted to find out which antibiotic was more effective in treating sore throats caused by GABHS. What did we do?   We searched for randomised, double‐blinded, controlled trials that compared different antibiotics for people with sore throat who tested positive for GABHS, and were aged from one month to 80 years. What did we find?  We included 19 trials (18 publications) that involved 5839 people. Nine trials included only children, and 10 trials included people aged 12 years or older. Most studies were published over 15 years ago, and all but one reported on outcome measures relevant to patients. Main results  We found that the effects of the different antibiotics (such as penicillin, cephalosporins, macrolides, azithromycin, and carbacephem) on symptom improvement were similar. All antibiotics caused adverse effects (such as nausea and vomiting, diarrhoea, rash). Studies did not report on long‐term complications. Therefore, it was unclear if any class of antibiotics was better at preventing serious but rare complications. The incidence of penicillin allergy was poorly reported in the included trials. Our findings suggest that in the context of preserving antibiotics, penicillin remains a useful antibiotic if treatment of GABHS pharyngitis with antibiotics is needed. What are the limitations of the evidence?  We have little or very little confidence in the evidence because the study methods were poorly reported, and we have concerns about the fact that the effect estimates were not precise and there were many differences between the pooled studies. All studies were performed in high‐income countries where the risk of streptococcal complications is low, so there is a need for trials in low‐income settings and disadvantaged populations, where the risk of complications remains high. How up‐to‐date is this evidence?  The evidence is current to 19 March 2023.
Epinephrine for bronchiolitis; Abstract - Background Bronchodilators are commonly used for acute bronchiolitis, despite uncertain effectiveness. Objectives To examine the efficacy and safety of epinephrine in children less than two with acute viral bronchiolitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2010, Issue 3) which contains the Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialized Register, MEDLINE (1950 to September Week 2, 2010), EMBASE (1980 to September 2010), Scopus (1823 to September 2010), PubMed (March 2010), LILACS (1985 to September 2010) and Iran MedEx (1998 to September 2010). Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials comparing epinephrine to placebo or another intervention involving children less than two years with acute viral bronchiolitis. Studies were included if the trials presented data for at least one quantitative outcome of interest. We selected primary outcomes a priori, based on clinical relevance: rate of admission by days one and seven of presentation for outpatients, and length of stay (LOS) for inpatients. Secondary outcomes included clinical severity scores, pulmonary function, symptoms, quality of life and adverse events. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the searches, applied inclusion criteria, assessed risk of bias and graded the evidence. We conducted separate analyses for different comparison groups (placebo, non‐epinephrine bronchodilators, glucocorticoids) and for clinical setting (inpatient, outpatient). Main results We included 19 studies (2256 participants). Epinephrine versus placebo among outpatients showed a significant reduction in admissions at Day 1 (risk ratio (RR) 0.67; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 0.89) but not at Day 7 post‐emergency department visit. There was no difference in LOS for inpatients. Epinephrine versus salbutamol showed no differences among outpatients for admissions at Day 1 or 7. Inpatients receiving epinephrine had a significantly shorter LOS compared to salbutamol (mean difference ‐0.28; 95% CI ‐0.46 to ‐0.09). One large RCT showed a significantly shorter admission rate at Day 7 for epinephrine and steroid combined versus placebo (RR 0.65; 95% CI 0.44 to 0.95). There were no important differences in adverse events. Authors' conclusions This review demonstrates the superiority of epinephrine compared to placebo for short‐term outcomes for outpatients, particularly in the first 24 hours of care. Exploratory evidence from a single study suggests benefits of epinephrine and steroid combined for later time points. More research is required to confirm the benefits of combined epinephrine and steroids among outpatients. There is no evidence of effectiveness for repeated dose or prolonged use of epinephrine or epinephrine and dexamethasone combined among inpatients. Plain language summary Epinephrine for acute viral bronchiolitis in children less than two years of age Bronchiolitis is the most common acute infection of the airways and lungs during the first years of life. It is caused by viruses, the most common being respiratory syncytial virus. The illness starts similarly to a cold, with symptoms such as a runny nose, mild fever and cough. It later leads to fast, troubled and often noisy breathing (for example, wheezing). While the disease is often mild for most healthy babies and young children, it is a major cause of clinical illness and financial health burden worldwide. Hospitalizations have risen in high‐income countries, there is substantial healthcare use, and bronchiolitis may be linked with preschool wheezing disorders and the child later developing asthma. There is variation in how physicians manage bronchiolitis, reflecting the absence of clear scientific evidence for any treatment approach. Bronchodilators are drugs that are often used for asthma attacks to relax the muscles in the airways so that breathing is easier. Epinephrine is one type of bronchodilator. With several new trials having been published since the 2004 publication of this Cochrane Review it is important to incorporate the most recent evidence. Our systematic review found 19 studies involving 2256 children that use epinephrine for the treatment of bronchiolitis in acute care settings. When comparing epinephrine with placebo, no differences were found for length of hospital stay but there is some indication that epinephrine is effective for reducing hospital admissions. Exploratory results from one large, high‐quality trial suggest that combined treatment with systemic glucocorticoids (dexamethasone) and epinephrine may significantly reduce admissions. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of epinephrine for the treatment of bronchiolitis among children admitted to the hospital. The evidence shows no important differences in adverse effects with epinephrine over the short‐term with long‐term safety not being assessed. Some limitations of this review include the quality of the included studies and inconsistent timing of measurement across studies which limited the number of children included in some meta‐analyses. Further research is needed to confirm the efficacy, applicability and long‐term safety of epinephrine as a treatment for bronchiolitis. In summary, our systematic review provides evidence that epinephrine is more effective than placebo for bronchiolitis in outpatients. Recent research suggests combined epinephrine and steroids may be effective for outpatients. There is no evidence to support the use of epinephrine for inpatients.
Inhaled bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background Bronchodilators are used to treat bronchial hyper‐responsiveness in asthma. Bronchial hyper‐responsiveness may be a component of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Therefore, bronchodilators may be useful in the treatment of acute chest syndrome. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Objectives The aim of the review is to determine whether the use of inhaled, short‐acting bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome reduces morbidity and mortality in people with sickle cell disease and to assess whether this treatment causes adverse effects. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Trials Register comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches, handsearches of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. Additional searches were carried out on MEDLINE (1966 to 2004) and Embase (1981 to 2004) and ongoing trial registries (28 September 2022). Date of the most recent search of the Group's Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register: 25 July 2022. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials. Trials using quasi‐randomisation methods will be included in future updates of this review if there is sufficient evidence that the treatment and control groups are similar at baseline. Data collection and analysis We found no trials investigating the use of bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Main results We found no trials investigating the use of bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Authors' conclusions If bronchial hyper‐responsiveness is an important component of some episodes of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease, the use of inhaled bronchodilators may be indicated. There is need for a well‐designed, adequately‐powered randomised controlled trial to assess the benefits and risks of the addition of inhaled bronchodilators to established therapies for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Plain language summary Inhaled drugs for opening up the airways in cases of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease Review question Can inhaled, short‐acting bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome reduce illness and mortality in people with sickle cell disease and does this treatment cause adverse effects?  Background Sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder. People with sickle cell disease often suffer from acute chest syndrome. Acute chest syndrome can cause fever, coughing, chest pain and shortness of breath and can be life‐threatening. Often, people with sickle cell disease and acute chest syndrome also wheeze. Wheezing suggests that airways are narrowed, as with asthma. Bronchodilators are drugs which relax the muscles in the airways, so they open up to make breathing easier. They are used in this way for asthma, so may be of similar use in acute chest syndrome. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Search date The evidence is current to: 25 July 2022. Study characteristics We found no trials to show the effects of these drugs for this condition. Key results Research needs to assess the benefits and risks of using inhaled bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease.
Artemisinin derivatives for treating severe malaria; Abstract - Background Artemisinin derivatives may have advantages over quinoline drugs for treating severe malaria since they are fast acting and effective against quinine resistant malaria parasites. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of artemisinin drugs for severe and complicated falciparum malaria in adults and children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index, LILACS, African Index Medicus, conference abstracts, and reference lists of articles. We contacted organisations, researchers in the field and drug companies. Selection criteria Randomised and pseudo‐randomised trials comparing artemisinin drugs (rectal, intramuscular or intravenous) with standard treatment, or comparisons between artemisinin derivatives in adults or children with severe or complicated falciparum malaria. Data collection and analysis Eligibility, trial quality assessment and data extraction were done independently by two reviewers. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Main results Twenty three trials are included, allocation concealment was adequate in nine. Sixteen trials compared artemisinin drugs with quinine in 2653 patients. Artemisinin drugs were associated with better survival (mortality odds ratio 0.61, 95% confidence interval 0.46 to 0.82, random effects model). In trials where concealment of allocation was adequate (2261 patients), this was barely statistically significant (odds ratio 0.72, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.96, random effects model). In 1939 patients with cerebral malaria, mortality was also lower with artemisinin drugs overall (odds ratio 0.63, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.88, random effects model). The difference was not significant however when only trials reporting adequate concealment of allocation were analysed (odds ratio 0.78, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.10, random effects model) based on 1607 patients. No difference in neurological sequelae was shown. Compared with quinine, artemisinin drugs showed faster parasite clearance from the blood and similar adverse effects. Authors' conclusions The evidence suggests that artemisinin drugs are no worse than quinine in preventing death in severe or complicated malaria. No artemisinin derivative appears to be better than the others. This review summarizes trials up to 1999. For the reasons in the 'What's new' section, this review will no longer be updated. 23 April 2019 No update planned Research area no longer active Further research in this area has focused on specific preparations of arteether and artemether. Trials of these preparations are assessed as separate Cochrane Reviews; therefore it is no longer necessary to update this review. Please refer to the Cochrane Special Collection: Sinclair 2014 https://doi.org/10.1002/14651858.SC000007/full Plain language summary Artemisinin derivatives for treating severe malaria Artemisinin drugs improve survival in severe malaria. Artemisinin drugs come originally from a plant that has been used since ancient times in China as a traditional medicine for fever and malaria. They are fast acting and effective against malaria parasites that have developed resistance to quinine. The review shows that treatment with artemisinin drugs may be better than quinine at preventing death in adults and children with severe and complicated malaria. There is no evidence so far against early treatment with suppositories in rural areas whilst patients are transferred to hospital. Few side effects have been reported with these drugs.
Efficacy and safety of COVID‐19 vaccines; Abstract - Background Different forms of vaccines have been developed to prevent the SARS‐CoV‐2 virus and subsequent COVID‐19 disease. Several are in widespread use globally.  Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of COVID‐19 vaccines (as a full primary vaccination series or a booster dose) against SARS‐CoV‐2. Search methods We searched the Cochrane COVID‐19 Study Register and the COVID‐19 L·OVE platform (last search date 5 November 2021). We also searched the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, regulatory agency websites, and Retraction Watch. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing COVID‐19 vaccines to placebo, no vaccine, other active vaccines, or other vaccine schedules. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence for all except immunogenicity outcomes.  We synthesized data for each vaccine separately and presented summary effect estimates with 95% confidence intervals (CIs).  Main results We included and analyzed 41 RCTs assessing 12 different vaccines, including homologous and heterologous vaccine schedules and the effect of booster doses. Thirty‐two RCTs were multicentre and five were multinational. The sample sizes of RCTs were 60 to 44,325 participants. Participants were aged: 18 years or older in 36 RCTs; 12 years or older in one RCT; 12 to 17 years in two RCTs; and three to 17 years in two RCTs. Twenty‐nine RCTs provided results for individuals aged over 60 years, and three RCTs included immunocompromized patients. No trials included pregnant women. Sixteen RCTs had two‐month follow‐up or less, 20 RCTs had two to six months, and five RCTs had greater than six to 12 months or less. Eighteen reports were based on preplanned interim analyses. Overall risk of bias was low for all outcomes in eight RCTs, while 33 had concerns for at least one outcome. We identified 343 registered RCTs with results not yet available.  This abstract reports results for the  critical outcomes  of confirmed symptomatic COVID‐19, severe and critical COVID‐19, and serious adverse events only for the 10 WHO‐approved vaccines. For remaining outcomes and vaccines, see main text. The evidence for mortality was generally sparse and of low or very low certainty for all WHO‐approved vaccines, except AD26.COV2.S (Janssen), which probably reduces the risk of all‐cause mortality (risk ratio (RR) 0.25, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.67; 1 RCT, 43,783 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Confirmed symptomatic COVID‐19 High‐certainty evidence found that BNT162b2 (BioNtech/Fosun Pharma/Pfizer), mRNA‐1273 (ModernaTx), ChAdOx1 (Oxford/AstraZeneca), Ad26.COV2.S, BBIBP‐CorV (Sinopharm‐Beijing), and BBV152 (Bharat Biotect) reduce the incidence of symptomatic COVID‐19 compared to placebo (vaccine efficacy (VE): BNT162b2: 97.84%, 95% CI 44.25% to 99.92%; 2 RCTs, 44,077 participants; mRNA‐1273: 93.20%, 95% CI 91.06% to 94.83%; 2 RCTs, 31,632 participants; ChAdOx1: 70.23%, 95% CI 62.10% to 76.62%; 2 RCTs, 43,390 participants; Ad26.COV2.S: 66.90%, 95% CI 59.10% to 73.40%; 1 RCT, 39,058 participants; BBIBP‐CorV: 78.10%, 95% CI 64.80% to 86.30%; 1 RCT, 25,463 participants; BBV152: 77.80%, 95% CI 65.20% to 86.40%; 1 RCT, 16,973 participants). Moderate‐certainty evidence found that NVX‐CoV2373 (Novavax) probably reduces the incidence of symptomatic COVID‐19 compared to placebo (VE 82.91%, 95% CI 50.49% to 94.10%; 3 RCTs, 42,175 participants). There is low‐certainty evidence for CoronaVac (Sinovac) for this outcome (VE 69.81%, 95% CI 12.27% to 89.61%; 2 RCTs, 19,852 participants). Severe or critical COVID‐19 High‐certainty evidence found that BNT162b2, mRNA‐1273, Ad26.COV2.S, and BBV152 result in a large reduction in incidence of severe or critical disease due to COVID‐19 compared to placebo (VE: BNT162b2: 95.70%, 95% CI 73.90% to 99.90%; 1 RCT, 46,077 participants; mRNA‐1273: 98.20%, 95% CI 92.80% to 99.60%; 1 RCT, 28,451 participants; AD26.COV2.S: 76.30%, 95% CI 57.90% to 87.50%; 1 RCT, 39,058 participants; BBV152: 93.40%, 95% CI 57.10% to 99.80%; 1 RCT, 16,976 participants). Moderate‐certainty evidence found that NVX‐CoV2373 probably reduces the incidence of severe or critical COVID‐19 (VE 100.00%, 95% CI 86.99% to 100.00%; 1 RCT, 25,452 participants). Two trials reported high efficacy of CoronaVac for severe or critical disease with wide CIs, but these results could not be pooled. Serious adverse events (SAEs) mRNA‐1273, ChAdOx1 (Oxford‐AstraZeneca)/SII‐ChAdOx1 (Serum Institute of India), Ad26.COV2.S, and BBV152 probably result in little or no difference in SAEs compared to placebo (RR: mRNA‐1273: 0.92, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.08; 2 RCTs, 34,072 participants; ChAdOx1/SII‐ChAdOx1: 0.88, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.07; 7 RCTs, 58,182 participants; Ad26.COV2.S: 0.92, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.22; 1 RCT, 43,783 participants); BBV152: 0.65, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.97; 1 RCT, 25,928 participants). In each of these, the likely absolute difference in effects was fewer than 5/1000 participants. Evidence for SAEs is uncertain for BNT162b2, CoronaVac, BBIBP‐CorV, and NVX‐CoV2373 compared to placebo (RR: BNT162b2: 1.30, 95% CI 0.55 to 3.07; 2 RCTs, 46,107 participants; CoronaVac: 0.97, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.51; 4 RCTs, 23,139 participants; BBIBP‐CorV: 0.76, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.06; 1 RCT, 26,924 participants; NVX‐CoV2373: 0.92, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.14; 4 RCTs, 38,802 participants). For the evaluation of heterologous schedules, booster doses, and efficacy against variants of concern, see main text of review. Authors' conclusions Compared to placebo, most vaccines reduce, or likely reduce, the proportion of participants with confirmed symptomatic COVID‐19, and for some, there is high‐certainty evidence that they reduce severe or critical disease. There is probably little or no difference between most vaccines and placebo for serious adverse events. Over 300 registered RCTs are evaluating the efficacy of COVID‐19 vaccines, and this review is updated regularly on the COVID‐NMA platform ( covid-nma.com ). Implications for practice Due to the trial exclusions, these results cannot be generalized to pregnant women, individuals with a history of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, or immunocompromized people. Most trials had a short follow‐up and were conducted before the emergence of variants of concern. Implications for research Future research should evaluate the long‐term effect of vaccines, compare different vaccines and vaccine schedules, assess vaccine efficacy and safety in specific populations, and include outcomes such as preventing long COVID‐19. Ongoing evaluation of vaccine efficacy and effectiveness against emerging variants of concern is also vital.  Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of vaccines for preventing COVID‐19? Key messages – Most vaccines reduce, or probably reduce, the number of people who get COVID‐19 disease and severe COVID‐19 disease. – Many vaccines likely increase number of people experiencing events such as fever or headache compared to placebo (sham vaccine that contains no medicine but looks identical to the vaccine being tested). This is expected because these events are mainly due to the body's response to the vaccine; they are usually mild and short‐term. – Many vaccines have little or no difference in the incidence of serious adverse events compared to placebo.  – There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there was a difference between the vaccine and placebo in terms of death because the numbers of deaths were low in the trials. – Most trials assessed vaccine efficacy over a short time, and did not evaluate efficacy to the COVID variants of concern.  What is SARS‐CoV‐2 and COVID‐19? SARS‐CoV‐2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) is the virus that causes COVID‐19 disease. Not everyone infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 will develop symptoms of COVID‐19. Symptoms can be mild (e.g. fever and headaches) to life‐threatening (e.g. difficulty breathing), or death. How do vaccines prevent COVID‐19? While vaccines work slightly differently, they all prepare the body's immune system to prevent people from getting infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 or, if they do get infected, to prevent severe disease. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out how well each vaccine works in reducing SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, COVID‐19 disease with symptoms, severe COVID‐19 disease, and total number of deaths (including any death, not only those related to COVID‐19). We wanted to find out about serious adverse events that might require hospitalization, be life‐threatening, or both; systemic reactogenicity events (immediate short‐term reactions to vaccines mainly due to immunological responses; e.g. fever, headache, body aches, fatigue); and any adverse events (which include non‐serious adverse events). What did we do?  We searched for studies that examined any COVID‐19 vaccine compared to placebo, no vaccine, or another COVID‐19 vaccine. We selected only randomized trials (a study design that provides the most robust evidence because they evaluate interventions under ideal conditions among participants assigned by chance to one of two or more groups). We compared and summarized the results of the studies, and rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as how the study was conducted. What did we find?  We found 41 worldwide studies involving 433,838 people assessing 12 different vaccines. Thirty‐five studies included only healthy people who had never had COVID‐19. Thirty‐six studies included only adults, two only adolescents, two children and adolescents, and one included adolescents and adults. Three studied people with weakened immune systems, and none studied pregnant women. Most cases assessed results less than six months after the primary vaccination. Most received co‐funding from academic institutions and pharmaceutical companies. Most studies compared a COVID‐19 vaccine with placebo. Five evaluated the addition of a 'mix and match' booster dose. Main results  We report below results for three main outcomes and for 10 World Health Organization (WHO)‐approved vaccines (for the remaining outcomes and vaccines, see main text). There is insufficient evidence regarding deaths between vaccines and placebo (mainly because the number of deaths was low), except for the Janssen vaccine, which probably reduces the risk of all‐cause deaths.  People with symptoms The Pfizer, Moderna, AstraZeneca, Sinopharm‐Beijing, and Bharat vaccines produce a large reduction in the number of people with symptomatic COVID‐19. The Janssen vaccine reduces the number of people with symptomatic COVID‐19. The Novavax vaccine probably has a large reduction in the number of people with symptomatic COVID‐19. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether CoronaVac vaccine affects the number of people with symptomatic COVID‐19 because results differed between the two studies (one involved only healthcare workers with a higher risk of exposure). Severe disease The Pfizer, Moderna, Janssen, and Bharat vaccines produce a large reduction in the number of people with severe disease. There is insufficient evidence about CoronaVac vaccine on severe disease because results differed between the two studies (one involved only healthcare workers with a higher risk of exposure). Serious adverse events For the Pfizer, CoronaVac, Sinopharm‐Beijing, and Novavax vaccines, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether there was a difference between the vaccine and placebo mainly because the number of serious adverse events was low. Moderna, AstraZeneca, Janssen, and Bharat vaccines probably result in no or little difference in the number of serious adverse events.  What are the limitations of the evidence? Most studies assessed the vaccine for a short time after injection, and it is unclear if and how vaccine protection wanes over time. Due to the exclusion criteria of COVID‐19 vaccine trials, results cannot be generalized to pregnant women, people with a history of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection, or people with weakened immune systems. More research is needed comparing vaccines and vaccine schedules, and effectiveness and safety in specific populations and outcomes (e.g. preventing long COVID‐19). Further, most studies were conducted before the emergence of variants of concerns. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to November 2021. This is a living systematic review. Our results are available and updated bi‐weekly on the COVID‐NMA platform at covid‐nma.com.
Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid for maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis; Abstract - Background Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA; also known as mesalazine or mesalamine) preparations were intended to avoid the adverse effects of sulfasalazine (SASP) while maintaining its therapeutic benefits. In an earlier version of this review, we found that 5‐ASA drugs were more effective than placebo for maintenance of remission of ulcerative colitis (UC), but had a significant therapeutic inferiority relative to SASP. In this version, we have rerun the search to bring the review up to date. Objectives To assess the efficacy, dose‐responsiveness, and safety of oral 5‐ASA compared to placebo, SASP, or 5‐ASA comparators for maintenance of remission in quiescent UC and to compare the efficacy and safety of once‐daily dosing of oral 5‐ASA with conventional (two or three times daily) dosing regimens. Search methods We performed a literature search for studies on 11 June 2019 using MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library. In addition, we searched review articles and conference proceedings. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials with a minimum treatment duration of six months. We considered studies of oral 5‐ASA therapy for treatment of participants with quiescent UC compared with placebo, SASP, or other 5‐ASA formulations. We also included studies that compared once‐daily 5‐ASA treatment with conventional dosing of 5‐ASA and 5‐ASA dose‐ranging studies. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. The primary outcome was the failure to maintain clinical or endoscopic remission. Secondary outcomes were adherence, adverse events (AE), serious adverse events (SAE), withdrawals due to AEs, and withdrawals or exclusions after entry. Trials were separated into five comparison groups: 5‐ASA versus placebo, 5‐ASA versus SASP, once‐daily dosing versus conventional dosing, 5‐ASA (balsalazide, Pentasa, and olsalazine) versus comparator 5‐ASA formulation (Asacol and Salofalk), and 5‐ASA dose‐ranging. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for each outcome. We analyzed data on an intention‐to‐treat basis, and used GRADE to assess the overall certainty of the evidence. Main results The search identified 44 studies (9967 participants). Most studies were at low risk of bias. Ten studies were at high risk of bias. Seven of these studies were single‐blind and three were open‐label. 5‐ASA is more effective than placebo for maintenance of clinical or endoscopic remission. About 37% (335/907) of 5‐ASA participants relapsed at six to 12 months compared to 55% (355/648) of placebo participants (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.76; 8 studies, 1555 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Adherence to study medication was not reported for this comparison. SAEs were reported in 1% (6/550) of participants in the 5‐ASA group compared to 2% (5/276) of participants in the placebo group at six to 12 months (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.84; 3 studies, 826 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There is probably little or no difference in AEs at six to 12 months' follow‐up (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.18; 5 studies, 1132 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). SASP is more effective than 5‐ASA for maintenance of remission. About 48% (416/871) of 5‐ASA participants relapsed at six to 18 months compared to 43% (336/784) of SASP participants (RR 1.14, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.27; 12 studies, 1655 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Adherence to study medication and SAEs were not reported for this comparison. There is probably little or no difference in AEs at six to 12 months' follow‐up (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.40; 7 studies, 1138 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There is little or no difference in clinical or endoscopic remission rates between once‐daily and conventionally dosed 5‐ASA. About 37% (717/1939) of once‐daily participants relapsed over 12 months compared to 39% (770/1971) of conventional‐dosing participants (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.01; 10 studies, 3910 participants; high‐certainty evidence). There is probably little or no difference in medication adherence rates. About 10% (106/1152) of participants in the once‐daily group failed to adhere to their medication regimen compared to 8% (84/1154) of participants in the conventional‐dosing group (RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.93; 9 studies, 2306 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). About 3% (41/1587) of participants in the once‐daily group experienced a SAE compared to 2% (35/1609) of participants in the conventional‐dose group at six to 12 months (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.87; moderate‐certainty evidence). There is little or no difference in the incidence of AEs at six to 13 months' follow‐up (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.04; 8 studies, 3497 participants; high‐certainty evidence). There may be little or no difference in the efficacy of different 5‐ASA formulations. About 44% (158/358) of participants in the 5‐ASA group relapsed at six to 18 months compared to 41% (142/349) of participants in the 5‐ASA comparator group (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.28; 6 studies, 707 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions There is high‐certainty evidence that 5‐ASA is superior to placebo for maintenance therapy in UC. There is high‐certainty evidence that 5‐ASA is inferior compared to SASP. There is probably little or no difference between 5‐ASA and placebo, and 5‐ASA and SASP in commonly reported AEs such as flatulence, abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, headache, and dyspepsia. Oral 5‐ASA administered once daily has a similar benefit and harm profile as conventional dosing for maintenance of remission in quiescent UC. Plain language summary Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid compounds for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis What was the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid (also known as mesalazine or mesalamine) helps maintain remission and prevent relapse in people with ulcerative colitis. Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory bowel disease that results in long‐lasting inflammation of the colon. Some common symptoms include bloody diarrhea, abdominal and rectal pain, weight loss, fatigue and fever. The review authors collected and analyzed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 44 studies. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to June 2019. What was studied in the review? The researchers examined whether oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid was better than a placebo (a fake medication), other comparator 5‐aminosalicylic acid formulations, sulfasalazine, different dose levels of oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid, and once‐daily dosing compared to conventional dosing in people with ulcerative colitis. The outcomes included clinical or endoscopic (where a long, thin tube is directly entered into the bowel) remission, adherence to medication regimen, and side effects from the medication. What were the main results of the review? The review authors found 44 relevant studies (9967 participants). These studies compared oral 5‐aminosalicylic medications to placebo, comparator 5‐aminosalicylic acid formulations, sulfasalazine, different dose levels of oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid, and once‐daily dosing compared to conventional dosing. Eight studies (1555 participants) assessed the effectiveness of oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid compared to placebo. The studies found oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid was more effective than placebo for maintaining clinical or endoscopic remission (high‐certainty evidence). Twelve studies (1655 participants) assessed the effectiveness of sulfasalazine compared to 5‐aminosalicylic acid. The studies found sulfasalazine to be slightly more effective compared to 5‐aminosalicylic acid (high‐certainty evidence). Ten studies (3910 participants) assessed the effectiveness of once‐daily compared to conventional dosing (twice daily). The studies found there was probably no difference between the groups for maintaining clinical or endoscopic remission (moderate‐certainty evidence). An additional analysis of adherence to study medication was also done on once‐daily versus conventional dosing. The results showed there was probably no difference in adherence to taking medication between the two dosing groups (moderate‐certainty evidence). Six studies (1781 participants) assessed oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid (e.g. balsalazide, Pentasa, and olsalazine) compared to other 5‐aminosalicylic acid formulations (e.g. Asacol and Salofalk). The studies found there was probably no difference in clinical or endoscopic remission between the 5‐aminosalicylic acid and the 5‐aminosalicylic acid comparator groups (low‐certainty evidence). There is probably little or no evidence of a difference in commonly reported side effects between 5‐aminosalicylic acid and any of the comparators. Commonly reported side effects included flatulence, abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, headache, dyspepsia (indigestion), and nasopharyngitis (inflammation of the nasal passages).
Leukoreduction for the prevention of adverse reactions from allogeneic blood transfusion; Abstract - Background A blood transfusion is an acute intervention, implemented to solve life and health‐threatening conditions on a short‐term basis. However, blood transfusions have adverse events, some of them potentially related to immune modulation or to a direct transmission of infectious agents (e.g. cytomegalovirus). Leukoreduction is a process in which the white blood cells are intentionally reduced in packed red blood cells (PRBCs) in order to reduce the risk of adverse reactions. The potential benefits of leukoreduced PRBCs in all types of transfused patients for decreasing infectious and non‐infectious complications remain unclear. Objectives To determine the clinical effectiveness of leukoreduction of packed red blood cells for preventing adverse reactions following allogeneic blood transfusion. Search methods We ran the most recent search on 10th November 2015. We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE (OvidSP), Embase(OvidSP), CINAHL Plus (EBSCO), LILACS (BIREME), and clinical trials registers. In addition, we checked the reference lists of all relevant trials and reviews identified in the literature searches. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials including patients of all ages requiring PRBC allogeneic transfusion. Any study was eligible for inclusion, regardless of the length of participant follow‐up or country where the study was performed. The primary outcome was transfusion‐related acute lung injury (TRALI). Secondary outcomes were death from any cause, infection from any cause, non‐infectious complications and any other adverse event. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently performed study selection, 'Risk of bias' assessments and data extraction. We estimated pooled relative risk for dichotomous outcomes, and we measured statistical heterogeneity using I² statistic. The random‐effects model was used to synthesise results. We conducted a trial sequential analysis to assess the risk of random errors in cumulative meta‐analyses. Main results Thirteen studies, most including adult patients, met the eligibility criteria. We found no clear evidence of an effect of leukoreduced PRBC versus non‐leukoreduced PRBC in patients that were randomised to receive transfusion for the following outcomes: TRALI : RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.36, P = 0.80 from one trial reporting data on 1864 trauma patients. The accrued information of 1864 participants constituted only 28.5% of the diversity‐adjusted required information size (DARIS) of 6548 participants. The quality of evidence was low.  Death from any cause:  RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.12, I² statistic = 63%, P = 0.20 from nine trials reporting data on 6485 cardiovascular surgical patients, gastro‐oncology surgical patients, trauma patients and HIV infected patients. The accrued information of 6485 participants constituted only 55.3% of the DARIS of 11,735 participants. The quality of evidence was very low.  Infection from any cause:  RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.03, I² statistic = 84%, P = 0.08 from 10 trials reporting data on 6709 cardiovascular surgical patients, gastro‐oncology surgical patients, trauma patients and HIV infected patients. The accrued information of 6709 participants constituted only 60.6% of the DARIS of 11,062 participants. The quality of evidence was very low.  Adverse events:  The only adverse event reported as an adverse event was fever (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.02; I² statistic= 0%, P = 0.07). Fever was reported in two trials on 634 cardiovascular surgical and gastro‐oncology surgical patients. The accrued information of 634 participants constituted only 84.4% of the DARIS of 751 participants. The quality of evidence was low.  Incidence of other non‐infectious complications:  This outcome was not assessed in any included trial. Authors' conclusions There is no clear evidence for supporting or rejecting the routine use of leukoreduction in all patients requiring PRBC transfusion for preventing TRALI, death, infection, non‐infectious complications and other adverse events. As the quality of evidence is very low to low, more evidence is needed before a definitive conclusion can be drawn. Plain language summary White blood cells reduction in packed red blood cell transfusions for preventing adverse reactions Background   A blood transfusion is when blood is taken from one person and given to another person. Blood transfusions are given to solve life and health‐threatening medical conditions on a short‐term basis. However, blood transfusions have adverse events, some of them potentially related to an immune system response or due to the transmission of infectious agents (e.g. Human Immunodeficiency Virus). Leukoreduction is a process in which the white blood cells are intentionally removed from donated blood in order to reduce the risk of adverse reactions in people receiving the blood transfusion. The benefits of removing white blood cells with the intent of reducing infectious and non‐infectious complications in all types of transfused patients remains unclear. Removing white blood cells is costly. The USA and UK spend tens of millions each year on the procedure. In the USA, the procedure costs approximately USD $30 for each unit of blood product. It may not be worth spending so much money if there is no clear benefit to patients. Clinical question   What are the benefits and harms of removing white blood cells from donated blood for people receiving a blood transfusion? Study characteristics   We searched medical journals for reports of clinical trials which examined the effects of removing white blood cells from donated blood. We were interested in finding out whether the removal of white blood cells from donated blood resulted in patients receiving a blood transfusion having few complications such as transfusion‐related acute lung injury, death, infectious and non‐infectious complications, or any other adverse event. We included people of any age or sex, who received a blood transfusion for any reason. The evidence is based on studies retrieved up to 05 December 2014. Main results   We found 13 studies which included people who received a blood transfusion during heart or cancer surgery, or because they were injured, had cancer, HIV or sepsis. We found no clear evidence showing either benefits or harms for removing white blood cells from donated blood. For all of the outcomes examined (transfusion‐related acute lung injury, death from any cause, infection from any cause, non‐infectious complication or any other adverse event), there was no sign of benefit or harm. Quality of evidence   The overall quality of evidence of the included studies ranges from very low to low. None of the studies included enough people to give a definitive answer about the usefulness of removing white blood cells from donated blood. New high‐quality studies, involving a few thousand people, are needed to enable us to know the true benefits and harms of this procedure.
Trifluoperazine versus low‐potency first‐generation antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Antipsychotic drugs are the core treatment for schizophrenia. Treatment guidelines state that there is no difference in efficacy between any other antipsychotic compounds, however, low‐potency antipsychotic drugs are often perceived as less efficacious than high‐potency compounds by clinicians, and they also seem to differ in their side‐effects. Objectives To review the effects in response to treatment of trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics for people with schizophrenia. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Trials Register (November 2010). Selection criteria We included all randomised trials comparing trifluoperazine with first‐generation low‐potency antipsychotic drugs for people with schizophrenia or schizophrenia‐like psychosis. Data collection and analysis We extracted data independently. For dichotomous data we calculated risk ratios (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) on an intention‐to‐treat basis based on a random‐effects model. Main results The review currently includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low‐potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, sequence generation, allocation procedures and blinding were poorly reported.    Trifluoperazine was not significantly different from low‐potency antipsychotic drugs in terms of response to treatment (trifluoperazine 26%, low‐potency drug 27%, 3 RCTs, n = 120, RR 0.96 CI 0.59 to 1.56,  moderate quality evidence ). There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason (trifluoperazine 20%, low‐potency antipsychotics 16%, 3 RCTs, n = 239, RR 1.25, CI 0.72 to 2.17, low quality evidence ). There was no significant difference in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluoperazine 60%, low‐potency antipsychotics 38%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 1.60, CI 0.94 to 2.74,  moderate quality evidence ). However, at least one movement disorder was significantly more frequent in the trifluoperazine group (trifluoperazine 23%, low‐potency antipsychotics 13%, 2 RCTs, n = 123, RR 2.08 CI 0.78 to 5.55,  very low quality evidence ) as well as incoordination (trifluoperazine 20%, low‐potency antipsychotics 5%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 7.00, CI 1.60 to 30.66) and rigor (trifluoperazine 45%, low‐potency antipsychotics 10%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 4.50, CI 1.58 to 12.84). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. Authors' conclusions The results did not show a difference in efficacy between trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics. Trifluoperazine produced more movement disorders. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics. Plain language summary Trifluoperazine versus low‐potency first‐generation drugs for schizophrenia Antipsychotic drugs are the main treatment for schizophrenia, they help people cope with symptoms such as hearing voices, seeing things and having strange beliefs. Guidelines state that there is no difference in effectiveness between antipsychotics, but low‐potency antipsychotic drugs are often seen as less effective than high‐potency drugs, and they also seem to differ in side‐effects. The classification into high‐potency and low‐potency medication means that low‐potency antipsychotic drugs need higher doses for treating the symptoms of schizophrenia. Side‐effects that are common to most high‐potency antipsychotic drugs include the movement disorders such as uncontrollable movements of the face, arms, or legs; tremors; problems with balance or walking; restlessness; seizures; joint pain whereas low‐potency drugs are more likely to cause sedation, fever and loss of muscle strength. Research has not evaluated and compared high‐potency drugs with low‐potency antipsychotic drugs. The aim of the review was therefore to compare trifluoperazine (a high‐potency antipsychotic) with low‐potency antipsychotics for people with schizophrenia. Examples of low‐potency drugs are chlorpromazine, chlorprothixene, thioridazine and levomepromazine. The review is based on a search carried out in 2010 and included seven studies with a total of 422 people. It compared trifluoperazine with low‐potency antipsychotic drugs. Overall, information was poorly reported and the quality of the studies was low; authors rated the quality of evidence for the main outcomes of interested as being either moderate, low or very low quality. Results do not show a superiority of trifluoperazine compared with low‐potency antipsychotics. However, at least one movement disorder (muscle stiffness) was significantly more with trifluoperazine. For people with schizophrenia it is important to know that trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics are approximately equal for dealing with symptoms such as hearing voices or seeing things. They differ slightly in their side‐effects, with trifluoperazine leading to at least one movement disorder (muscle stiffness). However, no clear superiority of trifluoperazine versus low‐potency antipsychotics was found. Due to the limited number of studies, participants and low quality of information, these results have to be interpreted with caution.  This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Benjamin Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness.
Soy formula for prevention of allergy and food intolerance in infants; Abstract - Background Allergies and food reactions in infants and children are common and may be associated with a variety of foods including adapted cow's milk formula. Soy based formulas have been used to treat infants with allergy or food intolerance. However, it is unclear whether they can help prevent allergy and food intolerance in infants without clinical evidence of allergy or food intolerance. Objectives To determine the effect of feeding adapted soy formula compared to human milk, cow's milk formula or a hydrolysed protein formula on preventing allergy or food intolerance in infants without clinical evidence of allergy or food intolerance. Search methods The standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group was used. Updated searches were performed of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 1, 2006), MEDLINE (1966 ‐ March 2006), EMBASE (1980 ‐ March 2006), CINAHL (1982 ‐ March 2006) and previous reviews including cross references. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials that compare the use of an adapted soy formula to human milk, an adapted cow's milk or a hydrolysed protein formula for feeding infants without clinical allergy or food intolerance in the first six months of life. Only trials with > 80% follow up of participants and reported in group of assignment were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Eligibility of studies for inclusion, methodological quality and data extraction were assessed independently by each review author. Primary outcomes included clinical allergy, specific allergies and food intolerance. Where no heterogeneity of treatment effect was found, the fixed effect model was used for meta‐analysis. Where significant or apparent heterogeneity was found, results were reported using the random effects model and potential causes of the heterogeneity were sought. Main results Three eligible studies enrolling high risk infants with a history of allergy in a first degree relative were included. No eligible study enrolled infants fed human milk. No study examined the effect of early, short term soy formula feeding. All compared prolonged soy formula to cow's milk formula feeding. One study was of adequate methodology and without unbalanced allergy preventing co‐interventions in treatment groups. One study with unclear allocation concealment and 19.5% losses reported a significant reduction in infant allergy, asthma and allergic rhinitis. However, no other study reported any significant benefits from the use of a soy formula. Meta‐analysis found no significant difference in childhood allergy incidence (2 studies; typical RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.37, 1.44). No significant difference was reported in one study in infant asthma (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.86, 1.40), infant eczema (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.95, 1.52), childhood eczema prevalence (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.73, 1.68), infant rhinitis (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.76, 1.16) or childhood rhinitis prevalence (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.73, 2.00). Meta‐analysis found no significant difference in childhood asthma incidence (3 studies, 728 infants; typical RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.26, 1.92), childhood eczema incidence (2 studies, 283 infants; typical RR 1.57, 95% CI 0.90, 2.75) or childhood rhinitis incidence (2 studies, 283 infants; typical RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.06, 8.00). One study reported no significant difference in infant CMPI (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.45, 2.62), infant CMA (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.24, 4.86), childhood soy protein allergy incidence (RR 3.26, 95% CI 0.36, 29.17) and urticaria. No study compared soy formula to hydrolysed protein formula. Authors' conclusions Feeding with a soy formula cannot be recommended for prevention of allergy or food intolerance in infants at high risk of allergy or food intolerance. Further research may be warranted to determine the role of soy formulas for prevention of allergy or food intolerance in infants unable to be breast fed with a strong family history of allergy or cow's milk protein intolerance. Plain language summary Soy formula for prevention of allergy and food intolerance in infants When babies are not exclusively breastfed, evidence suggests that using a soy formula instead of a cow's milk formula does not reduce allergies in infants and children. Infant formulas have been designed to try to lower the chances of developing allergy or food intolerance. These formulas include hydrolysed cow's milk and soy formulas. A review of trials found that in infants at high risk of allergy who are unable to completely breastfeed, there is no reduction in allergies in later infancy and childhood associated with feeding soy formula compared to a cow's milk formula. No eligible studies were found that compared a soy with a hydrolysed protein formula.
Nutritional supplements for people being treated for active tuberculosis; Abstract - Background Tuberculosis and malnutrition are linked in a complex relationship. Tuberculosis may cause undernutrition through increased metabolic demands and decreased intake, and nutritional deficiencies may worsen the disease, or delay recovery by depressing important immune functions. At present, there is no evidence‐based nutritional guidance for adults and children being treated for tuberculosis. Objectives To assess the effects of oral nutritional supplements in people being treated with antituberculous drug therapy for active tuberculosis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Disease Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; Issue 1, 2016), MEDLINE (from 1946 to 4 February 2016), EMBASE (from 1980 to 4 February 2016), LILACS (from 1982 to 4 February 2016), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT), the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), and the  Indian Journal of Tuberculosis  up to 4 February 2016, and checked the reference lists of all included studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials that compared any oral nutritional supplement given for at least four weeks with no nutritional intervention, placebo, or dietary advice only for people being treated for active tuberculosis. The primary outcomes of interest were all‐cause death, and cure at six and 12 months. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion, and extracted data and assessed the risk of bias in the included trials. We presented the results as risk ratios (RR) for dichotomous variables, and mean differences (MD) for continuous variables, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Where appropriate, we pooled data from trials with similar interventions and outcomes. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the Grading of Recommendation Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Main results Thirty‐five trials, including 8283 participants, met the inclusion criteria of this review. Macronutrient supplementation Six trials assessed the provision of free food, or high‐energy supplements. Only two trials measured total dietary intake, and in both trials the intervention increased calorie consumption compared to controls. The available trials were too small to reliably prove or exclude clinically important benefits on mortality (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.10 to 1.20; four trials, 567 participants,  very low quality evidence ), cure (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.41; one trial, 102 participants,  very low quality evidence ), or treatment completion (data not pooled; two trials, 365 participants,  very low quality evidence ). Supplementation probably produces a modest increase in weight gain during treatment for active tuberculosis, although this was not seen consistently across all trials (data not pooled; five trials, 883 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). Two small studies provide some evidence that quality of life may also be improved but the trials were too small to have much confidence in the result (data not pooled; two trials, 134 participants,  low quality evidence ). Micronutrient supplementation Six trials assessed multi‐micronutrient supplementation in doses up to 10 times the dietary reference intake, and 18 trials assessed single or dual micronutrient supplementation. Routine multi‐micronutrient supplementation may have little or no effect on mortality in HIV‐negative people with tuberculosis (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.6; four trials, 1219 participants,  low quality evidence ), or HIV‐positive people who are not taking antiretroviral therapy (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.23; three trials, 1429 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). There is insufficient evidence to know if supplementation improves cure (no trials), treatment completion (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.04; one trial, 302 participants,  very low quality evidence ), or the proportion of people who remain sputum positive during the first eight weeks (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.35; two trials, 1020 participants,  very low quality evidence ). However, supplementation may have little or no effect on weight gain during treatment (data not pooled; five trials, 2940 participants,  low quality evidence ), and no studies have assessed the effect on quality of life. Plasma levels of vitamin A appear to increase following initiation of tuberculosis treatment regardless of supplementation. In contrast, supplementation probably does improve plasma levels of zinc, vitamin D, vitamin E, and selenium, but this has not been shown to have clinically important benefits. Of note, despite multiple studies of vitamin D supplementation in different doses, statistically significant benefits on sputum conversion have not been demonstrated. Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient research to know whether routinely providing free food, or energy supplements improves tuberculosis treatment outcomes, but it probably improves weight gain in some settings. Although blood levels of some vitamins may be low in people starting treatment for active tuberculosis, there is currently no reliable evidence that routinely supplementing above recommended daily amounts has clinical benefits. 17 April 2019 Update pending Studies awaiting assessment The CIDG is currently examining a new search conducted in April 2019 for potentially relevant studies. These studies have not yet been incorporated into this Cochrane Review. Plain language summary Nutritional supplements for people being treated for active tuberculosis Cochrane researchers conducted a review of the effects of nutritional supplements for people being treated for tuberculosis. After searching for relevant studies up to 4 February 2016, they included 35 relevant studies with 8283 participants. Their findings are summarized below. What is active tuberculosis and how might nutritional supplements work? Tuberculosis is a bacterial infection which most commonly affects the lungs. Most people who get infected never develop symptoms as their immune system manages to control the bacteria. Active tuberculosis occurs when the infection is no longer contained by the immune system, and typical symptoms are cough, chest pain, fever, night sweats, weight loss, and sometimes coughing up blood. Treatment is with a combination of antibiotic drugs, which must be taken for at least six months. People with tuberculosis are often malnourished, and malnourished people are at higher risk of developing tuberculosis as their immune system is weakened. Nutritional supplements could help people recover from the illness by strengthening their immune system, and by improving weight gain, and muscle strength, allowing them to return to an active life. Good nutrition requires a daily intake of macronutrients (carbohydrate, protein, and fat), and micronutrients (essential vitamins and minerals). What the research says Effect of providing nutritional supplements to people being treated for tuberculosis We currently don't know if providing free food to tuberculosis patients, as hot meals or ration parcels, reduces death or improves cure ( very low quality evidence ). However, it probably does improve weight gain in some settings ( moderate quality evidence ), and may improve quality of life ( low quality evidence ). Routinely providing multi‐micronutrient supplements may have little or no effect on deaths in HIV‐negative people with tuberculosis ( low quality evidence ), or HIV‐positive people who are not taking anti‐retroviral therapy ( moderate quality evidence ). We currently don't know if micronutrient supplements have any effect on tuberculosis treatment outcomes ( very low quality evidence ), but they may have no effect on weight gain ( low quality evidence ). No studies have assessed the effect on quality of life. Plasma levels of vitamin A appear to increase after starting tuberculosis treatment regardless of supplementation. In contrast, supplementation probably does improve plasma levels of zinc, vitamin D, vitamin E, and selenium, but this has not been shown to have clinically important benefits. Despite multiple studies of vitamin D supplementation in different doses, statistically significant benefits on sputum conversion have not been demonstrated. Authors' conclusions Food or energy supplements may improve weight gain during recovery from tuberculosis in some settings, but there is currently no evidence that they improve tuberculosis treatment outcomes. There is also currently no reliable evidence that routinely supplementing above recommended daily amounts has clinical benefits.
Uterotonic agents for first‐line treatment of postpartum haemorrhage: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), defined as a blood loss of 500 mL or more after birth, is the leading cause of maternal death worldwide. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that all women giving birth should receive a prophylactic uterotonic agent. Despite the routine administration of a uterotonic agent for prevention, PPH remains a common complication causing one‐quarter of all maternal deaths globally. When prevention fails and PPH occurs, further administration of uterotonic agents as 'first‐line' treatment is recommended. However, there is uncertainty about which uterotonic agent is best for the 'first‐line' treatment of PPH. Objectives To identify the most effective uterotonic agent(s) with the least side‐effects for PPH treatment, and generate a meaningful ranking among all available agents according to their relative effectiveness and side‐effect profile. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (5 May 2020), and the reference lists of all retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials or cluster‐randomised trials comparing the effectiveness and safety of uterotonic agents with other uterotonic agents for the treatment of PPH were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed all trials for inclusion, extracted data and assessed each trial for risk of bias. Our primary outcomes were additional blood loss of 500 mL or more after recruitment to the trial until cessation of active bleeding and the composite outcome of maternal death or severe morbidity. Secondary outcomes included blood loss‐related outcomes, morbidity outcomes, and patient‐reported outcomes. We performed pairwise meta‐analyses and indirect comparisons, where possible, but due to the limited number of included studies, we were unable to conduct the planned network meta‐analysis. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results Seven trials, involving 3738 women in 10 countries, were included in this review. All trials were conducted in hospital settings. Randomised women gave birth vaginally, except in one small trial, where women gave birth either vaginally or by caesarean section. Across the seven trials (14 trial arms) the following agents were used: six trial arms used oxytocin alone; four trial arms used misoprostol plus oxytocin; three trial arms used misoprostol; one trial arm used Syntometrine® (oxytocin and ergometrine fixed‐dose combination) plus oxytocin infusion. Pairwise meta‐analysis of two trials (1787 participants), suggests that misoprostol, as first‐line treatment uterotonic agent, probably increases the risk of blood transfusion (risk ratio (RR) 1.47, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02 to 2.14, moderate‐certainty) compared with oxytocin. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that misoprostol administration may increase the incidence of additional blood loss of 1000 mL or more (RR 2.57, 95% CI 1.00 to 6.64). The data comparing misoprostol with oxytocin is imprecise, with a wide range of treatment effects for the additional blood loss of 500 mL or more (RR 1.66, 95% CI 0.69 to 4.02, low‐certainty), maternal death or severe morbidity (RR 1.98, 95% CI 0.36 to 10.72, low‐certainty, based on one study n = 809 participants, as the second study had zero events), and the use of additional uterotonics (RR 1.30, 95% CI 0.57 to 2.94, low‐certainty). The risk of side‐effects may be increased with the use of misoprostol compared with oxytocin: vomiting (2 trials, 1787 participants, RR 2.47, 95% CI 1.37 to 4.47, high‐certainty) and fever (2 trials, 1787 participants, RR 3.43, 95% CI 0.65 to 18.18, low‐certainty). According to pairwise meta‐analysis of four trials (1881 participants) generating high‐certainty evidence, misoprostol plus oxytocin makes little or no difference to the use of additional uterotonics (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.05) and to blood transfusion (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.17) compared with oxytocin. We cannot rule out an important benefit of using the misoprostol plus oxytocin combination over oxytocin alone, for additional blood loss of 500 mL or more (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.06, moderate‐certainty). We also cannot rule out important benefits or harms for additional blood loss of 1000 mL or more (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.43 to 1.34, moderate‐certainty, 3 trials, 1814 participants, one study reported zero events), and maternal mortality or severe morbidity (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.35 to 3.39, moderate‐certainty). Misoprostol plus oxytocin increases the incidence of fever (4 trials, 1866 participants, RR 3.07, 95% CI 2.62 to 3.61, high‐certainty), and vomiting (2 trials, 1482 participants, RR 1.85, 95% CI 1.16 to 2.95, high‐certainty) compared with oxytocin alone. For all outcomes of interest, the available evidence on the misoprostol versus Syntometrine® plus oxytocin combination was of very low‐certainty and these effects remain unclear. Although network meta‐analysis was not performed, we were able to compare the misoprostol plus oxytocin combination with misoprostol alone through the common comparator of oxytocin. This indirect comparison suggests that the misoprostol plus oxytocin combination probably reduces the risk of blood transfusion (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.99, moderate‐certainty) and may reduce the risk of additional blood loss of 1000 mL or more (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.89, low‐certainty) compared with misoprostol alone. The combination makes little or no difference to vomiting (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.59, high‐certainty) compared with misoprostol alone. Misoprostol plus oxytocin compared to misoprostol alone are compatible with a wide range of treatment effects for additional blood loss of 500 mL or more (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.20 to 1.26, low‐certainty), maternal mortality or severe morbidity (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.07 to 4.24, low‐certainty), use of additional uterotonics (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.33 to 1.73, low‐certainty), and fever (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.17 to 4.77, low‐certainty). Authors' conclusions The available evidence suggests that oxytocin used as first‐line treatment of PPH probably is more effective than misoprostol with less side‐effects. Adding misoprostol to the conventional treatment of oxytocin probably makes little or no difference to effectiveness outcomes, and is also associated with more side‐effects. The evidence for most uterotonic agents used as first‐line treatment of PPH is limited, with no evidence found for commonly used agents, such as injectable prostaglandins, ergometrine, and Syntometrine®. Plain language summary Which drug is best for treating excessive bleeding after childbirth? What is the issue?  The most common reason why mothers die during childbirth is excessive bleeding, which is known as postpartum haemorrhage, when blood loss equals or exceeds 500 mL. This emergency condition is usually caused by failure of the uterus to contract and close the vessels that carried blood to the placenta. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends giving drugs that make the uterus contract more effectively (uterotonic drugs) and reduce the risk for excessive bleeding. Although these drugs are given to the mother immediately after the birth of her baby, some women will still experience heavy bleeding and will require further treatment. Why is this important?  The administration of uterotonic drugs is the main treatment when prevention fails, and excessive bleeding occurs. Available uterotonic treatments include oxytocin, carbetocin, ergometrine, misoprostol, injectable prostaglandins, and combinations of these drugs, which differ in terms of effectiveness and side‐effects. The aim of this Cochrane Review is to identify the best drug with the least side‐effects for treating excessive bleeding after childbirth. What evidence did we find?  We searched for evidence in May 2020 and found seven studies involving 3738 women. Women gave birth mostly vaginally in hospital settings and had received uterotonic drugs to prevent postpartum haemorrhage. The drugs used for treating heavy bleeding in these studies were misoprostol (tablets dissolved under the tongue, pills or rectal suppositories), oxytocin (given into a vein or muscle), a combination of misoprostol with oxytocin and a combination of Syntometrine® (ergometrine plus oxytocin combination injected into muscle) with oxytocin. Two studies, involving 1787 women, compared misoprostol with oxytocin for the initial treatment of excessive bleeding after birth. We found that misoprostol probably increases the risk of requiring a blood transfusion compared with oxytocin and may also increase the risk of suffering an additional blood loss of 1000 mL or more after initiation of treatment and until the bleeding stops. From the available data, we cannot learn much for the outcomes of suffering an additional blood loss of 500 mL or more, maternal death or severe illness related to excessive blood loss, and the need for additional uterotonic drugs to stop the bleeding. In terms of side‐effects, misoprostol increases the risk for vomiting and may also increase the incidence of fever compared with oxytocin. Four studies, involving 1881 women, compared misoprostol given in combination with oxytocin against oxytocin given alone. The drug combination makes little or no difference to the use of additional uterotonics, and blood transfusion compared with oxytocin given alone. However, we were not able to identify which of these drugs works best for reducing additional blood loss of 500 mL or more, additional blood loss of 1000 mL or more, and maternal death or severe illness related to excessive blood loss. In terms of side‐effects, the drug combination increases the occurrence of both fever and vomiting. One trial with only 64 women compared misoprostol with Syntometrine® combined with oxytocin. The available evidence was of very low certainty and thus we were unable to identify the best performing drug among them. We also compared the combination of misoprostol and oxytocin against misoprostol alone. These drugs have not been compared directly in studies. However, both drugs have been compared against oxytocin, and thus we were able to compare them indirectly. The drug combination probably reduces the risk of blood transfusion and may reduce the risk of additional blood loss of 1000 mL or more, but makes little or no difference to vomiting compared with misoprostol alone. However, we cannot learn much for the outcomes of additional blood loss of 500 mL or more, maternal death or severe illness related to excessive blood loss, use of additional uterotonic drugs, and fever. What does this mean?  We found that oxytocin is probably more effective than misoprostol and is also associated with less side‐effects. Giving misoprostol together with oxytocin probably does not improve effectiveness and increases side‐effects. The evidence for most available drugs used as first‐line treatment of postpartum haemorrhage is limited, with no evidence found for several drugs currently in use.
Antimicrobials for treating symptomatic non‐typhoidal   Salmonella infection; Abstract - Background Non‐typhoidal  Salmonella  (NTS) commonly causes diarrhoea, and is usually self‐limiting, although sometimes people become ill with sepsis and dehydration. Routine antibiotic use for this infection could result in persistent colonization and the spread of resistant bacterial strains. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of giving antibiotics to people with NTS diarrhoea. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group trials register (up to August 2012), the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (CENTRAL) published in  The Cochrane Library ( up to Issue 8 2012); and MEDLINE, African Index Medicus, CINAHL, EMBASE, LILACS, and the Science Citation Index, all up to 6 August 2012. We also searched the  meta Register of Controlled Trials  (m RCT) for both completed and on going trials and reference lists of relevant articles. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing any antibiotic treatment for diarrhoea caused by NTS species with placebo or no antibiotic treatment. We selected trials that included people of all ages who were symptomatic for NTS infection. Examples of symptoms included fever, abdominal pain, vomiting and diarrhoea. We excluded trials where the outcomes were not reported separately for the NTS subgroup of patients. Two review authors independently applied eligibility criteria prior to study inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data on pre‐specified outcomes and independently assessed the risk of bias of included studies. The primary outcome was the presence of diarrhoea between two to four days after treatment. The quality of evidence was assessed using the GRADE methods. Main results Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for people with diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.75, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.42 to 7.21; one trial, 46 participants; very low quality evidence). No difference was detected for the presence of diarrhoea at five to seven days after treatment (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.12; two trials, 192 participants; very low quality evidence), clinical failure (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.25; seven trials, 440 participants; very low quality evidence). The mean difference for diarrhoea was 0 days (95% CI ‐0.54 to 0.54; 202 participants, four studies; low quality evidence);for fever was 0.27 days (95% CI ‐0.11 to 0.65; 107 participants, two studies; very low quality evidence); and for duration of illness was 0 days (95% CI ‐0.68 to 0.68; 116 participants, two studies; very low quality evidence). Quinolone antibiotic treatment resulted in a significantly higher number of negative stool cultures for NTS during the first week of treatment (microbiological failure: RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.56; 166 participants, four trials). Antibiotic treatment meant passage of the same  Salmonella  serovar one month after treatment was almost twice as likely (RR 1.96, 95% CI 1.29 to 2.98; 112 participants, three trials), which was statistically significant. Non‐severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotic treatment. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. 8 May 2019 No update planned Other Many trials of antibiotics in people with Salmonella have been conducted, which do not show an effect. Therefore, an update is not a current priority for the CIDG. Plain language summary Antibiotics for non‐typhoidal  Salmonella  diarrhoea Non‐typhoidal  Salmonella  (NTS) can cause diarrhoea in people. In this review, we investigated the benefits and safety of antibiotics for treatment of NTS versus placebo or no antibiotic treatment. We found that in otherwise healthy people, treatment with antibiotics did not have any benefit over treatment with no antibiotics. Furthermore, treatment with antibiotics made it more likely that patients would continue to excrete the same organisms for up to one month after treatment. We are unable to comment on the use of antibiotics in very young people, very old people and people who are unable to fight off infection because the trials we identified did not include these patients.
Antibiotics for acute pyelonephritis in children; Abstract - Background Urinary tract infection (UTI) is one of the most common bacterial infections in infants. The most severe form of UTI is acute pyelonephritis, which results in significant acute morbidity and may cause permanent kidney damage. There remains uncertainty regarding the optimum antibiotic regimen, route of administration and duration of treatment. This is an update of a review that was first published in 2003 and updated in 2005 and 2007. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of antibiotics used to treat children with acute pyelonephritis. The aspects of therapy considered were 1) different antibiotics, 2) different dosing regimens of the same antibiotic, 3) different duration of treatment, and 4) different routes of administration. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group's Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, reference lists of articles and conference proceedings without language restriction to 10 April 2014. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing different antibiotic agents, routes, frequencies or durations of therapy in children aged 0 to 18 years with proven UTI and acute pyelonephritis were selected. Data collection and analysis Four authors independently assessed study quality and extracted data. Statistical analyses were performed using the random‐effects model and the results expressed as risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous outcomes or mean difference (MD) for continuous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results This updated review included 27 studies (4452 children). This update included evidence from three new studies, and following re‐evaluation, a previously excluded study was included because it now met our inclusion criteria. Risk of bias was assessed as low for sequence generation (12 studies), allocation concealment (six studies), blinding of outcome assessors (17 studies), incomplete outcome reporting (19 studies) and selective outcome reporting (13 studies). No study was blinded for participants or investigators. The 27 included studies evaluated 12 different comparisons. No significant differences were found in duration of fever (2 studies, 808 children: MD 2.05 hours, 95% CI ‐0.84 to 4.94), persistent UTI at 72 hours after commencing therapy (2 studies, 542 children: RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.07 to 17.41) or persistent kidney damage at six to 12 months (4 studies, 943 children: RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.12) between oral antibiotic therapy (10 to 14 days) and intravenous (IV) therapy (3 days) followed by oral therapy (10 days). Similarly, no significant differences in persistent bacteriuria at the end of treatment (4 studies, 305 children: RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.24 to 2.55) or persistent kidney damage (4 studies, 726 children: RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.29) were found between IV therapy (three to four days) followed by oral therapy and IV therapy (seven to 14 days). No significant differences in efficacy were found between daily and thrice daily administration of aminoglycosides (1 study, 179 children, persistent clinical symptoms at three days: RR 1.98, 95% CI 0.37 to 10.53). Adverse events were mild and uncommon and rarely resulted in discontinuation of treatment. Authors' conclusions This updated review increases the body of evidence that oral antibiotics alone are as effective as a short course (three to four days) of IV antibiotics followed by oral therapy for a total treatment duration of 10 to 14 days for the treatment of acute pyelonephritis in children. When IV antibiotics are given, a short course (two to four days) of IV therapy followed by oral therapy is as effective as a longer course (seven to 10 days) of IV therapy. If IV therapy with aminoglycosides is chosen, single daily dosing is safe and effective. Insufficient data are available to extrapolate these findings to children aged less than one month of age or to children with dilating vesicoureteric reflux (grades III‐V). Further studies are required to determine the optimal total duration of antibiotic therapy required for acute pyelonephritis. Plain language summary Are oral antibiotics as effective as a combination of injected and oral antibiotics for kidney infections in children? Acute pyelonephritis refers to infection of the kidneys and is the most severe form of urinary tract infection (UTI). Acute pyelonephritis causes high fever, vomiting, stomach pain, irritability and poor feeding in infants. We wanted to find out if oral antibiotics were as effective as combined oral and injected antibiotics to treat children for kidney infection. This review updates our previous investigations published in 2003, 2005 and 2007. This review included evidence from 27 studies that involved 4452 children. The last literature search date was April 2014. This update included evidence from three new studies and from one study that was previously excluded. Review results suggested that children aged over one month with acute pyelonephritis can be treated effectively with oral antibiotics (cefixime, ceftibuten or amoxicillin/clavulanic acid) or with short courses (two to four days) of intravenous (IV) therapy followed by oral therapy. If IV therapy with aminoglycosides is needed, single daily dosing is safe and effective.
Rapid tests for the diagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis in patients with suspected disease; Abstract - Background The diagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis (VL) in patients with fever and a large spleen relies on showing  Leishmania  parasites in tissue samples and on serological tests. Parasitological techniques are invasive, require sophisticated laboratories, consume time, or lack accuracy. Recently, rapid diagnostic tests that are easy to perform have become available. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of rapid tests for diagnosing VL in patients with suspected disease presenting at health services in endemic areas. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, CIDG SR, CENTRAL, SCI‐expanded, Medion, Arif, CCT, and the WHO trials register on 3 December 2013, without applying language or date limits. Selection criteria This review includes original, phase III, diagnostic accuracy studies of rapid tests in patients clinically suspected to have VL. As reference standards, we accepted: (1) direct smear or culture of spleen aspirate; (2) composite reference standard based on one or more of the following: parasitology, serology, or response to treatment; and (3) latent class analysis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed quality of included studies using the QUADAS‐2 tool. Discrepancies were resolved by a third author. We carried out a meta‐analysis to estimate sensitivity and specificity of rapid tests, using a bivariate normal model with a complementary log‐log link function. We analysed each index test separately. As possible sources of heterogeneity, we explored: geographical area, commercial brand of index test, type of reference standard, disease prevalence, study size, and risk of bias (QUADAS‐2). We also undertook a sensitivity analysis to assess the influence of imperfect reference standards. Main results Twenty‐four studies containing information about five index tests (rK39 immunochromatographic test (ICT), KAtex latex agglutination test in urine, FAST agglutination test, rK26 ICT, and rKE16 ICT) recruiting 4271 participants (2605 with VL) were included. We carried out a meta‐analysis for the rK39 ICT (including 18 studies; 3622 participants) and the latex agglutination test (six studies; 1374 participants). The results showed considerable heterogeneity. For the rK39 ICT, the overall sensitivity was 91.9% (95% confidence interval (95% CI) 84.8 to 96.5) and the specificity 92.4% (95% CI 85.6 to 96.8). The sensitivity was lower in East Africa (85.3%; 95% CI 74.5 to 93.2) than in the Indian subcontinent (97.0%; 95% CI 90.0 to 99.5). For the latex agglutination test, overall sensitivity was 63.6% (95% CI 40.9 to 85.6) and specificity 92.9% (95% CI 76.7 to 99.2). Authors' conclusions The rK39 ICT shows high sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis in patients with febrile splenomegaly and no previous history of the disease, but the sensitivity is notably lower in east Africa than in the Indian subcontinent. Other rapid tests lack accuracy, validation, or both. 15 April 2019 Update pending Studies awaiting assessment The CIDG is currently examining a new search conducted in April 2019 for potentially relevant studies. These studies have not yet been incorporated into this Cochrane Review. Plain language summary Rapid diagnostic tests for visceral leishmaniasis Visceral leishmaniasis (or kala‐azar) is caused by a parasite, results in fever, a large spleen and other health problems, occuring in India, Bangladesh and Nepal, east Africa, the Mediterranean region and Brazil. Without treatment people die, and proper treatment can result in cure, so diagnosis is important. Many of the tests that are used to determine if a person has visceral leishmaniasis are complicated, costly, painful and sometimes dangerous for the patients. Now rapid diagnostic tests that are safe and easy to perform are available. This Cochrane review describes how accurate these rapid diagnostic tests are for diagnosing visceral leishmaniasis. We summarize those studies that evaluated the rapid tests in people who, according to their physicians, could have the disease. We only included studies in which the researchers had used established methods to distinguish the people with visceral leishmaniasis from those who did not have the disease. We found 24 studies, which contained information about five different rapid tests. A total of 4271 people participated in these studies. One of the rapid tests (called the rK39 immunochromatographic test) gave correct, positive results in 92% of the people with visceral leishmaniasis and it gave correct, negative results in 92% of the people who did not have the disease. This test worked better in India and Nepal than in east Africa. In India and Nepal, it gave correct, positive results in 97% of the people with the disease. In east Africa, it gave correct, positive results in only 85% of the people with the disease. A second rapid test (called latex agglutination test) gave correct, positive results in 64% of the people with the disease and it gave correct, negative results in 93% of the people without the disease. For the other rapid tests evaluated, there are too few studies to know how accurate they are.
Needle size for vaccination procedures in children and adolescents; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2015. The conclusions have not changed. Hypodermic needles of different sizes (gauges and lengths) can be used for vaccination procedures. The gauge (G) refers to the outside diameter of the needle tubing. The higher the gauge number, the smaller the diameter of the needle (e.g. a 23 G needle is 0.6 mm in diameter, whereas a 25 G needle is 0.5 mm in diameter). Many vaccines are recommended for injection into muscle (intramuscularly), although some are delivered subcutaneously (under the skin) and intradermally (into skin). Choosing an appropriate length and gauge of a needle may be important to ensure that a vaccine is delivered to the appropriate site and produces the maximum immune response while causing the least possible harm. Guidelines conflict regarding the sizes of needles that should be used for vaccinating children and adolescents. Objectives To assess the effects of using needles of different sizes for administering vaccines to children and adolescents on vaccine immunogenicity (the ability of the vaccine to elicit an immune response), procedural pain, and other reactogenicity events (adverse events following vaccine administration). Search methods We updated our searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and CINAHL to October 2017. We also searched proceedings of vaccine conferences and two trials registers. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials evaluating the effects of using hypodermic needles of any gauge or length to administer any type of vaccine to people aged from birth to 24 years. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently extracted trial data and assessed the risk of bias. We contacted trial authors for additional information. We rated the quality of evidence using the GRADE system. Main results We included five trials involving 1350 participants in the original review. The updated review identified no new trials. The evidence from two small trials (one trial including infants and one including adolescents) was insufficient to allow any definitive statements to be made about the effects of the needles evaluated in the trials on vaccine immunogenicity and reactogenicity. The remaining three trials (1135 participants) contributed data to comparisons between 25 G 25 mm, 23 G 25 mm, and 25 G 16 mm needles. These trials included infants predominantly aged from two to six months undergoing intramuscular vaccination in the anterolateral thigh using the World Health Organization (WHO) injection technique (skin stretched flat, needle inserted at a 90° angle and up to the needle hub in healthy infants). The vaccines administered were combination vaccines containing diphtheria, tetanus, and whole‐cell pertussis antigens (DTwP). In some trials, the vaccines also contained  Haemophilus influenzae  type b (DTwP‐Hib) and hepatitis B (DTwP‐Hib‐Hep B) antigen components. Primary outcomes Incidence of vaccine‐preventable diseases:  No trials reported this outcome. Procedural pain and crying:  Using a wider gauge 23 G 25 mm needle may slightly reduce procedural pain (low‐quality evidence) and probably leads to a slight reduction in the duration of crying time immediately after vaccination (moderate‐quality evidence) compared with a narrower gauge 25 G 25 mm needle (one trial, 320 participants). The effects are probably not large enough to be clinically relevant. Secondary outcomes Immune response:  There is probably little or no difference in immune response, defined in terms of the proportion of seroprotected infants, between use of 25 G 25 mm, 23 G 25 mm, or 25 G 16 mm needles to administer a series of three doses of a DTwP‐Hib vaccine at ages two, three, and four months (moderate‐quality evidence, one trial, numbers of participants in analyses range from 309 to 402. The immune response to the pertussis antigen was not measured). Severe and non‐severe local reactions:  25 mm needles (either 25 G or 23 G) probably lead to fewer severe and non‐severe local reactions after DTwP‐Hib vaccination compared with 25 G 16 mm needles (moderate‐quality evidence, one trial, 447 to 458 participants in analyses). We estimate that one fewer infant will experience a severe local reaction (extensive redness and swelling) after the first vaccine dose for every 25 infants vaccinated with the longer rather than the shorter needle (number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) with a 25 G 25 mm needle: 25 (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 100); NNTB with a 23 G 25 mm needle: 25 (95% CI 17 to 100)). We estimate that one fewer infant will experience a non‐severe local reaction (any redness, swelling, tenderness, or hardness (composite outcome)) at 24 hours after the first vaccine dose for every 5 or 6 infants vaccinated with a 25 mm rather than a 16 mm needle (NNTB with a 25 G 25 mm needle: 5 (95% CI 4 to 10); NNTB with a 23 G 25 mm needle: 6 (95% CI 4 to 13)). The results are similar after the second and third vaccine doses. Using a narrow gauge 25 G 25 mm needle may produce a small reduction in the incidence of local reactions after each dose of a DTwP vaccine compared with a wider gauge 23 G 25 mm needle, but the effect estimates are imprecise (low‐quality evidence, two trials, 100 to 459 participants in analyses). Systemic reactions:  The comparative effects of 23 G 25 mm, 25 G 25 mm, and 25 G 16 mm needles on the incidence of postvaccination fever and other systemic events such as drowsiness, loss of appetite, and vomiting are uncertain due to the very low quality of the evidence. Authors' conclusions Using 25 mm needles (either 23 G or 25 G) for intramuscular vaccination procedures in the anterolateral thigh of infants using the WHO injection technique probably reduces the occurrence of local reactions while achieving a comparable immune response to 25 G 16 mm needles. These findings are applicable to healthy infants aged two to six months receiving combination DTwP vaccines with a reactogenic whole‐cell pertussis antigen component. These vaccines are predominantly used in low‐ and middle‐income countries. The applicability of the findings to vaccines with acellular pertussis components and other vaccines with different reactogenicity profiles is uncertain. Plain language summary Needle size for vaccination procedures in children and adolescents Background Vaccines contain antigens that make the body's immune system produce antibodies that can protect against disease, which is known as an immune response. Antigens are modified or partial forms of the virus, bacteria, or toxin that cause the disease that the vaccine protects against. Because the antigen is altered from its original form, it cannot cause disease, but it can produce an immune response. Vaccines can be injected using needles of different lengths and gauges. The needle gauge (G) refers to the width (diameter) of the needle. The higher the gauge number, the narrower the needle. For example, a 25 G needle is approximately 0.5 mm in diameter and is narrower than a 23 G needle, which has a diameter of 0.6 mm. Guidelines conflict regarding the lengths and gauges of needles that should be used for vaccinating children and adolescents. Review question We wanted to find out if the length and gauge of needles used to vaccinate children and adolescents has an influence on the: 1) immune response to the injected vaccine; 2) pain experienced during the vaccination procedure; 3) occurrence of reactions such as swelling, tenderness, and redness at the site where the vaccine is given; fever (high temperature); and other side effects that can occur after vaccination. Quality of the evidence We included five studies involving 1350 people. We rated the quality of the evidence from studies as very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low‐quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High‐quality evidence means that we are very confident in the results. There were problems with the design of some studies, and data were insufficient to answer some parts of our review question. The quality of the evidence from two studies was too low to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effects of the needles compared in the studies. However, there was sufficient evidence from the remaining three studies to allow us to reach conclusions. Study characteristics The three studies that allowed us to reach conclusions involved 1135 healthy infants aged mostly between two and six months. The infants were vaccinated in the thigh with either 25 G 25 mm (narrow, long needles), 23 G 25 mm (wide, long needles), or 25 G 16 mm needles (narrow, short needles). The needles were inserted at right angles (90° angle) into the skin and pushed down into the muscle of the thigh. The vaccines injected were combination vaccines designed to protect against several diseases including diphtheria (D), tetanus (T), whooping cough (pertussis), and  Haemophilus influenzae  type b disease (Hib). The vaccines all contained whole‐cell pertussis (wP) vaccine antigens. These vaccines are commonly used in low‐ and middle‐income countries but not in high‐income countries. Our review findings are therefore most relevant to low‐ and middle‐income countries. Key findings We found moderate‐quality evidence that infants vaccinated in the thigh with 25 mm needles probably have fewer severe reactions (extensive redness and swelling in the thigh) after DTwP‐Hib vaccination than infants vaccinated with 16 mm needles. We also found that the longer needles probably lead to fewer non‐severe reactions such as mild swelling, tenderness, and redness after vaccination. The immune response to the vaccine is probably similar with the long and the short needles. We found low‐quality evidence that the wide, long needle may slightly reduce the pain of the vaccination procedure compared with the narrow, long needle. We found moderate‐quality evidence that the wide, long needle probably slightly reduces the duration of crying immediately following vaccination compared with the narrow, long needle. The differences in pain and crying between use of the wide and narrow needles are probably too small to be of any practical importance. We found low‐quality evidence that infants vaccinated with the narrow, long needle may have slightly fewer non‐severe reactions than infants vaccinated with the wide, long needle. We do not know if needle size has an effect on fever or other reactions that sometimes occur after vaccination including drowsiness, loss of appetite, and vomiting due to the very low quality of the evidence. The evidence in our review is current to October 2017.
Interventions for bacterial folliculitis and boils (furuncles and carbuncles); Abstract - Background Bacterial folliculitis and boils are globally prevalent bacterial infections involving inflammation of the hair follicle and the perifollicular tissue. Some folliculitis may resolve spontaneously, but others may progress to boils without treatment. Boils, also known as furuncles, involve adjacent tissue and may progress to cellulitis or lymphadenitis. A systematic review of the best evidence on the available treatments was needed. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions (such as topical antibiotics, topical antiseptic agents, systemic antibiotics, phototherapy, and incision and drainage) for people with bacterial folliculitis and boils. Search methods We searched the following databases up to June 2020: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. We also searched five trials registers up to June 2020. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant reviews for further relevant trials.  Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed systemic antibiotics; topical antibiotics; topical antiseptics, such as topical benzoyl peroxide; phototherapy; and surgical interventions in participants with bacterial folliculitis or boils. Eligible comparators were active intervention, placebo, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were 'clinical cure' and 'severe adverse events leading to withdrawal of treatment'; secondary outcomes were 'quality of life', 'recurrence of folliculitis or boil following completion of treatment', and 'minor adverse events not leading to withdrawal of treatment'. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 18 RCTs (1300 participants). The studies included more males (332) than females (221), although not all studies reported these data. Seventeen trials were conducted in hospitals, and one was conducted in clinics. The participants included both children and adults (0 to 99 years). The studies did not describe severity in detail; of the 232 participants with folliculitis, 36% were chronic. At least 61% of participants had furuncles or boils, of which at least 47% were incised. Duration of oral and topical treatments ranged from 3 days to 6 weeks, with duration of follow‐up ranging from 3 days to 6 months. The study sites included Asia, Europe, and America. Only three trials reported funding, with two funded by industry. Ten studies were at high risk of 'performance bias', five at high risk of 'reporting bias', and three at high risk of 'detection bias'. We did not identify any RCTs comparing topical antibiotics against topical antiseptics, topical antibiotics against systemic antibiotics, or phototherapy against sham light. Eleven trials compared different oral antibiotics. We are uncertain as to whether cefadroxil compared to flucloxacillin (17/21 versus 18/20, risk ratio (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.16; 41 participants; 1 study; 10 days of treatment) or azithromycin compared to cefaclor (8/15 versus 10/16, RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.40; 31 participants; 2 studies; 7 days of treatment) differed in clinical cure (both very low‐certainty evidence). There may be little to no difference in clinical cure rate between cefdinir and cefalexin after 17 to 24 days (25/32 versus 32/42, RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.38; 74 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence), and there probably is little to no difference in clinical cure rate between cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor after 7 days (24/46 versus 21/47, RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.78; 93 participants; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence). For risk of severe adverse events leading to treatment withdrawal, there may be little to no difference between cefdinir versus cefalexin after 17 to 24 days (1/191 versus 1/200, RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.62; 391 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). There may be an increased risk with cefadroxil compared with flucloxacillin after 10 days (6/327 versus 2/324, RR 2.97, 95% CI 0.60 to 14.62; 651 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) and cefditoren pivoxil compared with cefaclor after 7 days (2/77 versus 0/73, RR 4.74, 95% CI 0.23 to 97.17; 150 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). However, for these three comparisons the 95% CI is very wide and includes the possibility of both increased and reduced risk of events. We are uncertain whether azithromycin affects the risk of severe adverse events leading to withdrawal of treatment compared to cefaclor (274 participants; 2 studies; very low‐certainty evidence) as no events occurred in either group after seven days. For risk of minor adverse events, there is probably little to no difference between the following comparisons: cefadroxil versus flucloxacillin after 10 days (91/327 versus 116/324, RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.98; 651 participants; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence) or cefditoren pivoxil versus cefaclor after 7 days (8/77 versus 5/73, RR 1.52, 95% CI 0.52 to 4.42; 150 participants; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain of the effect of azithromycin versus cefaclor after seven days due to very low‐certainty evidence (7/148 versus 4/126, RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.38 to 4.17; 274 participants; 2 studies). The study comparing cefdinir versus cefalexin did not report data for total minor adverse events, but both groups experienced diarrhoea, nausea, and vaginal mycosis during 17 to 24 days of treatment. Additional adverse events reported in the other included studies were vomiting, rashes, and gastrointestinal symptoms such as stomach ache, with some events leading to study withdrawal. Three included studies assessed recurrence following completion of treatment, none of which evaluated our key comparisons, and no studies assessed quality of life. Authors' conclusions We found no RCTs regarding the efficacy and safety of topical antibiotics versus antiseptics, topical versus systemic antibiotics, or phototherapy versus sham light for treating bacterial folliculitis or boils. Comparative trials have not identified important differences in efficacy or safety outcomes between different oral antibiotics for treating bacterial folliculitis or boils. Most of the included studies assessed participants with skin and soft tissue infection which included many disease types, whilst others focused specifically on folliculitis or boils. Antibiotic sensitivity data for causative organisms were often not reported. Future trials should incorporate culture and sensitivity information and consider comparing topical antibiotic with antiseptic, and topical versus systemic antibiotics or phototherapy. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of different treatments for bacterial folliculitis and boils (inflammation of the skin around hairs)? Why is this question important? Bacterial folliculitis is an inflammation of the tiny pockets in our skin from which hairs grow (hair follicles). It occurs when bacteria (tiny organisms not visible with the naked eye) infect hair follicles. Bacterial folliculitis typically causes red swelling, with or without a small blister that contains pus. Without treatment, bacterial folliculitis may progress to hard and painful lumps filled with pus, known as boils. These cover several hair follicles, and affect the skin around them. Bacterial folliculitis and boils affect people worldwide, and have an important negative impact on quality of life. Infections typically: ‐ cause unsightly infections on parts of the body visible to others (such as the face and neck); or ‐ develop where skin rubs, causing discomfort and pain (such as armpits and buttocks). A range of treatment options for bacterial folliculitis and boils is available. These include: ‐ antibiotics (medicines that fight bacterial infections). These can be applied to part of the body (locally) in the form of creams (topical antibiotics); or they can be taken by mouth (orally) or given as injections, to treat the whole body (systemic antibiotics); ‐ antiseptics (chemicals applied to the skin to fight infections caused by micro‐organisms, such as bacteria); ‐ light therapy; and ‐ surgery, for example, doctors may make a small cut (incision) in the skin to allow pus to drain out. To find out which treatments work best for bacterial folliculitis and boils, we reviewed the evidence from research studies. How did we identify and evaluate the evidence? First, we searched for randomised controlled studies, in which people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. This makes it less likely that any differences between treatments were actually due to differences in the people who received them (rather than the treatments themselves, which is what we wanted to find out). We then compared the results, and summarised the evidence from all the studies. Finally, we rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes, and the consistency of findings across studies. What did we find? We found 18 studies that involved a total of 1300 people. People were followed‐up for between one week and three months. Studies were set in Asia, Europe and America. Only three studies reported information about funding: non‐profit organisations funded one study, and pharmaceutical companies funded two studies. The studies compared: ‐ different oral antibiotics (11 studies); ‐ different topical antibiotics (2 studies); ‐ different treatments for wound care after boil incision (2 studies); ‐ different traditional Chinese medicines (1 study); ‐ co‐trimoxazole (antibiotics) with, and without, 8‐methoxypsoralen (a light‐sensitising treatment) followed by exposure to sunlight (1 study); and ‐ penicillin (an antibiotic) with, and without, fire cupping (a form of traditional Chinese medicine) after surgery (1 study). We found no studies that evaluated antiseptics or investigated quality of life or recurrence of bacterial folliculitis or boils. Here we report the findings from four comparisons of different oral antibiotics. Cure The evidence from studies that investigated how successfully different oral antibiotics cured bacterial folliculitis and boils suggests that: ‐ there is probably little to no difference between cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor (1 study, 93 people); ‐ there may be little to no difference between cefdinir and cephalexin (1 study, 74 people). The few studies available did not provide sufficiently robust information to determine if: ‐ cefadroxil is better or worse than flucloxacillin (1 study, 41 people); or ‐ azithromycin is better or worse than cefaclor (2 studies, 31 people). Severe adverse events (such as fever or vomiting) The evidence from studies that compared frequencies of severe adverse events suggests there may be little to no difference between: ‐ cefadroxil and flucloxacillin (1 study, 651 people); ‐ cefdinir and cephalexin (1 study, 391 people); and ‐ cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor (1 study, 150 people). We do not know if azithromycin is associated with more, or fewer, severe adverse events than cefaclor. This is because studies provided insufficiently robust information (2 studies, 274 people). Minor adverse events (such as feeling thirsty or dizzy) The evidence from studies that compared frequencies of minor adverse events suggests there is probably little to no difference between: ‐ cefadroxil and flucloxacillin (1 study, 651 people); and ‐ cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor (1 study, 150 people). We do not know whether there are more, or fewer, minor adverse events associated with: ‐ cefdinir or cephalexin (1 study, 391 people); or ‐ azithromycin or cefaclor (2 studies, 274 people). This is because studies reported insufficiently robust information. What does this mean? The limited evidence available does not suggest that any one oral antibiotic is better than another for treating bacterial folliculitis and boils. The comparative benefits and risks of other treatments such as antiseptics or light therapy are unclear, because too few studies have investigated this. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to June 2020.
Perioperative systemic nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in women undergoing breast surgery; Abstract - Background Breast surgery encompasses oncologic, reconstructive, and cosmetic procedures. With the recent focus on the over‐prescribing of opioids in the literature, it is important to assess the effectiveness and safety of non‐opioid pain medication regimens including nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or NSAID pain medications. Clinicians have differing opinions on the safety of perioperative (relating to, occurring in, or being the period around the time of a surgical operation) NSAIDs for breast surgery given the unclear risk/benefit ratio. NSAIDs have been shown to decrease inflammation, pain, and fever, while potentially increasing the risks of bleeding complications. Objectives To assess the effects of perioperative NSAID use versus non‐NSAID analgesics (other pain medications) in women undergoing any form of breast surgery. Search methods The Cochrane Breast Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Breast Cancer Group (CBCG) Specialized Register, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, The WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and Clinicaltrials.gov registries to 21 September 2020. Full articles were retrieved for potentially eligible trials. Selection criteria We considered all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) looking at perioperative NSAID use in women undergoing breast surgery. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies, extracted data and assessed risk of bias, and certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. The main outcomes were incidence of breast hematoma within 90 days (requiring reoperation, interventional drainage, or no treatment) of breast surgery and pain intensity 24 hours following surgery, incidence rate or severity of postoperative nausea, vomiting or both, bleeding from any location within 90 days, need for blood transfusion, other side effects of NSAID use, opioid use within 24 hours of surgery, length of hospital stay, breast cancer recurrence, and non‐prescribed NSAID use. Data were presented as risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes and standardized mean differences (SMDs) for continuous outcomes. Main results We included 12 RCTs with a total of 1596 participants. Seven studies compared NSAIDs (ketorolac, diclofenac, flurbiprofen, parecoxib and celecoxib) to placebo. Four studies compared NSAIDs (ketorolac, flurbiprofen, ibuprofen, and celecoxib) to other analgesics (morphine, hydrocodone, hydromorphone, fentanyl). One study compared NSAIDs (diclofenac) to no intervention. NSAIDs compared to placebo Most outcomes are judged to have low‐certainty evidence unless stated otherwise. There may be little to no difference in the incidence of breast hematomas within 90 days of breast surgery (RR 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05 to 2.02; 2 studies, 230 participants; I 2  = 0%). NSAIDs may reduce pain intensity 24 (± 12) hours following surgery compared to placebo (SMD ‐0.26, 95% CI ‐0.49 to ‐0.03; 3 studies, 310 participants; I 2  = 73%). There may be little to no difference in the incidence rates or severities of postoperative nausea, vomiting, or both (RR 1.15, 95% CI 0.58 to 2.27; 4 studies, 939 participants; I 2  = 81%), bleeding from any location within 90 days (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.24; 2 studies, 251 participants; I 2  = 8%), or need for blood transfusion compared to placebo groups, but we are very uncertain (RR 4.62, 95% CI 0.23 to 91.34; 1 study, 48 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). There may be no difference in other side effects (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.44 to 2.86; 2 studies, 251 participants; I 2  = 0%). NSAIDs may reduce opioid use within 24 hours of surgery compared to placebo (SMD ‐0.45, 95% CI ‐0.85 to ‐0.05; 4 studies, 304 participants; I 2  = 63%). NSAIDs compared to other analgesics There is little to no difference in the incidence of breast hematomas within 90 days of breast surgery, but we are very uncertain (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.99; 1 study, 100 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). NSAIDs may reduce pain intensity 24 (± 12) hours following surgery (SMD ‐0.68, 95% CI ‐0.97 to ‐0.39; 3 studies, 200 participants; I 2  = 89%; low‐certainty evidence) and probably reduce the incidence rates or severities of postoperative nausea, vomiting, or both compared to other analgesics (RR 0.18, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.57; 3 studies, 128 participants; I 2  = 0%; moderate‐certainty evidence). There is little to no difference in the development of bleeding from any location within 90 days of breast surgery or in other side effects, but we are very uncertain (bleeding: RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.99; 1 study, 100 participants; other side effects: RR 0.11, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.80; 1 study, 48 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). NSAIDs may reduce opioid use within 24 hours of surgery compared to other analgesics (SMD ‐6.87, 95% CI ‐10.93 to ‐2.81; 3 studies, 178 participants; I 2  = 96%; low‐certainty evidence). NSAIDs compared to no intervention There is little to no difference in pain intensity 24 (± 12) hours following surgery compared to no intervention, but we are very uncertain (SMD ‐0.54, 95% CI ‐1.09 to 0.00; 1 study, 60 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Low‐certainty evidence suggests that NSAIDs may reduce postoperative pain, nausea and vomiting, and postoperative opioid use. However, there was very little evidence to indicate whether NSAIDs affect the rate of breast hematoma or bleeding from any location within 90 days of breast surgery, the need for blood transfusion and incidence of other side effects compared to placebo or other analgesics. High‐quality large‐scale RCTs are required before definitive conclusions can be made. Plain language summary Pain medications (NSAIDs: nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs) around the time of surgery in women undergoing breast surgery What is the aim of this review? The aim of this review was to find out whether NSAID pain medication reduces pain around the time of any breast surgery compared to no medication (placebo) or other pain medication (e.g. opioids). Possible side effects from NSAIDS were reviewed and compared to side effects for patients either having no medication or other types of pain relief. NSAID pain medications include ketorolac, flurbiprofen, ibuprofen, and celecoxib. Why does it matter? NSAIDs have been shown to decrease inflammation, pain, and fever, while potentially increasing the risks of bleeding complications. There are concerns about the safety of NSAID pain medication during breast surgery, but they still may be better than other drugs (opioids) which have different side effects of concern. What was studied in the review? Studies included women who received either a NSAID pain medication or placebo, other pain medication, or no medication. We wanted to assess breast bleeding, pain following surgery, postoperative nausea and vomiting, bleeding from any location, need for blood transfusion, any other side effects reported from NSAID use, opioid use within 24 hours of surgery, length of hospital stay, breast cancer recurrence, and non‐prescribed NSAID use. What did we find? We found 12 studies with a total of 1596 participants. The evidence is current to September 2020. Seven studies compared NSAIDs (ketorolac, diclofenac, flurbiprofen, parecoxib and celecoxib) to placebo. Four studies compared NSAIDs (ketorolac, flurbiprofen, ibuprofen, and celecoxib) to other pain medications. One study compared NSAIDs (diclofenac) to no medication. NSAIDs compared to placebo  :the use of NSAIDs seems to make little difference to the incidence of breast hematoma (a collection of blood inside the armpit or breast surgical site) and bleeding from any location or increase in blood transfusions within 90 days of breast surgery. There was no increase in postoperative nausea and vomiting. NSAIDs may reduce pain within 24 hours after surgery and reduce the use of opioids within 24 hours after surgery. NSAIDs compared to other pain medications  : the use of NSAIDs may make little difference to the incidence of breast hematoma or bleeding from any location or need for blood transfusion within 90 days of breast surgery. NSAIDs may reduce pain within 24 hours and reduce the chance of nausea and vomiting after surgery. There is little to no difference in the incidence of other side effects. NSAIDS may reduce opioid use within 24 hours of surgery compared to other pain medications. NSAIDs compared to no medication  : the use of NSAIDs appears to make little to no difference in pain within 24 hours after surgery compared to no medication. Many studies did not collect or report data on the need for blood transfusions, length of hospital stay, breast cancer recurrence, and non‐prescribed NSAID pain medication use. What do the findings mean? In summary, the studies were small, different to each other and did not report all the possible side effects well. Therefore we could not make firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of NSAIDs. This review provides preliminary evidence, but more studies are needed to make sure there is no harm from the use of NSAIDS after breast surgery. Good‐quality large‐scale studies are required before any definitive conclusions can be made. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 21 September 2020.
Enzyme replacement therapy for Anderson‐Fabry disease; Abstract - Background Anderson‐Fabry disease is an X‐linked defect of glycosphingolipid metabolism. Progressive renal insufficiency is a major source of morbidity, additional complications result from cardio‐ and cerebro‐vascular involvement. Survival is reduced among affected males and symptomatic female carriers. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2010, and previously updated in 2013. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of enzyme replacement therapy compared to other interventions, placebo or no interventions, for treating Anderson‐Fabry disease. Search methods We searched the Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Inborn Errors of Metabolism Trials Register (date of the most recent search: 08 July 2016). We also searched 'Clinical Trials' on  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS (date of the most recent search: 24 September 2015). Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials of agalsidase alfa or beta in participants diagnosed with Anderson‐Fabry disease. Data collection and analysis Two authors selected relevant trials, assessed methodological quality and extracted data. Main results Nine trials comparing either agalsidase alfa or beta in 351 participants fulfilled the selection criteria. Both trials comparing agalsidase alfa to placebo reported on globotriaosylceramide concentration in plasma and tissue; aggregate results were non‐significant. One trial reported pain scores measured by the Brief Pain Inventory severity, there was a statistically significant improvement for participants receiving treatment at up to three months, mean difference ‐2.10 (95% confidence interval ‐3.79 to ‐0.41; at up to five months, mean difference ‐1.90 (95% confidence interval ‐3.65 to ‐0.15); and at up to six months, mean difference ‐2.00 (95% confidence interval ‐3.66 to ‐0.34). There was a significant difference in the Brief Pain Inventory pain‐related quality of life at over five months and up to six months, mean difference ‐2.10 (95% confidence interval ‐3.92 to ‐0.28) but not at other time points. Death was not an outcome in either of the trials. One of the three trials comparing agalsidase beta to placebo reported on globotriaosylceramide concentration in plasma and tissue and showed significant improvement: kidney, mean difference ‐1.70 (95% confidence interval ‐2.09 to ‐1.31); heart, mean difference ‐0.90 (95% confidence interval ‐1.18 to ‐0.62); and composite results (renal, cardiac, and cerebrovascular complications and death), mean difference ‐4.80 (95% confidence interval ‐5.45 to ‐4.15). There was no significant difference between groups for death; no trials reported on pain. Only two trials compared agalsidase alfa to agalsidase beta. One of them showed no significant difference between the groups regarding adverse events, risk ratio 0.36 (95% confidence interval 0.08 to 1.59), or any serious adverse events; risk ratio 0.30; (95% confidence interval 0.03 to 2.57). Two trials compared different dosing schedules of agalsidase alfa. One of them involved three different doses (0.2 mg/kg every two weeks; 0.1 mg/kg weekly and; 0.2 mg/kg weekly), the other trial evaluated two further doses to the dosage schedules: 0.4 mg/kg every week and every other week. Both trials failed to show significant differences with various dosing schedules on globotriaosylceramide levels. No significant differences were found among the schedules for the primary efficacy outcome of self‐assessed health state, or for pain scores. One trial comparing agalsidase alfa to agalsidase beta showed no significant difference for any adverse events such as dyspnoea and hypertension. The methodological quality of the included trials was generally unclear for the random sequence generation and allocation concealment. Authors' conclusions Trials comparing enzyme replacement therapy to placebo show significant improvement with enzyme replacement therapy in regard to microvascular endothelial deposits of globotriaosylceramide and in pain‐related quality of life. There is, however, no evidence identifying if the alfa or beta form is superior or the optimal dose or frequency of enzyme replacement therapy. With regards to safety, adverse events (i.e., rigors, fever) were more significant in the agalsidase beta as compared to placebo. The long‐term influence of enzyme replacement therapy on risk of morbidity and mortality related to Anderson‐Fabry disease remains to be established. This review highlights the need for continued research into the use of enzyme replacement therapy for Anderson‐Fabry disease. Plain language summary Treatment for Anderson‐Fabry disease Background Anderson‐Fabry disease, a rare disorder, is caused by a deficiency of the enzyme alpha‐galactosidase A. This leads to the build‐up of a fatty material called globotriaosylceramide in various cells in the body. Globotriaosylceramide is formed of three sugars and a fatty substance called ceramide, and is found in most cells of the body. Untreated individuals may suffer from pain, skin, eye and gastrointestinal problems. Fabry disease may cause potentially life‐threatening complications such as kidney damage, heart attack and stroke. One type of treatment available is enzyme replacement therapy with either agalsidase alfa or beta, which replaces the missing or deficient enzyme. Search date The evidence is current to: 08 July 2016. Study characteristics Nine studies enrolled 351 participants. The studies used different formulations of the enzyme, Agalsidase alfa or beta, and compared them to placebo (a 'dummy' treatment) or to each other. Comparison was also made in regard to different dosing schedules. Key results Two studies comparing agalsidase alfa to placebo reported on globotriaosylceramide concentration in plasma. The combined effects were not significant between the treatment and placebo groups. The study that reported pain and pain‐related quality of life showed an improvement for participants receiving treatment over the six‐month observation period. Death was not an outcome in either study. One of the three studies comparing agalsidase beta to placebo reported on globotriaosylceramide and showed improvement in kidney, heart and composite results. There was no significant difference for death and no studies reported on pain. Only two studies compared agalsidase alfa to agalsidase beta. One of them showed no significant difference for any adverse events such as dyspnoea, hypertension and gastrointestinal symptoms ‐ these are not adverse events as gastrointestinal problems are actually a symptom, as may be hypertension in the context of renal disease. Two studies compared different dosing schedules of agalsidase alfa. No differences were found among the schedules for self‐assessed health state or for pain scores. In summary, studies comparing enzyme replacement therapy to placebo show significant results in regard to microvascular endothelial deposits of globotriaosylceramide and in pain‐related quality of life. There is, however, no evidence identifying if the alfa or beta form is superior, though included trials were small in sample size. With regards to safety, adverse events (i.e., rigors, fever) were more significant with agalsidase beta as compared to placebo. Quality of the evidence   From the information available in most of the study reports, we were not able to clearly judge whether all volunteers had equal chances of being in either of the treatment groups and whether they would have known in advance or during the study which treatment they were receiving.
Voriconazole versus amphotericin B or fluconazole in cancer patients with neutropenia; Abstract - Background Opportunistic fungal infections are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in neutropenic cancer patients and antifungal therapy is used both empirically and therapeutically in these patients. Objectives To compare the benefits and harms of voriconazole with those of amphotericin B and fluconazole when used for prevention or treatment of invasive fungal infections in cancer patients with neutropenia. Search methods Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library  (2014, Issue 1 2014), MEDLINE (to January 2014). Letters, abstracts and unpublished trials were accepted. Contact was made with trial authors and industry. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials comparing voriconazole with amphotericin B or fluconazole. Data collection and analysis Data on mortality, invasive fungal infection, colonisation, use of additional (escape) antifungal therapy and adverse effects leading to discontinuation of therapy were extracted independently by two review authors. Main results Three trials were included. One trial compared voriconazole to liposomal amphotericin B as empirical treatment of fever of unknown origin (suspected fungal infection) in neutropenic cancer patients (849 patients, 58 deaths). The second trial compared voriconazole to amphotericin B deoxycholate in the treatment of confirmed and presumed invasive  Aspergillus  infections (391 patients, 98 deaths). The third trial compared fluconazole to voriconazole for prophylaxis of fungal infections in patients receiving allogeneic stem cell transplantation (600 patients, number of deaths not stated). In the first trial, voriconazole was significantly inferior to liposomal amphotericin B according to the trial authors' prespecified criteria. More patients died in the voriconazole group and a claimed significant reduction in the number of breakthrough fungal infections disappeared when patients arbitrarily excluded from the analysis by the trial authors were included. In the second trial, the deoxycholate preparation of amphotericin B was used without any indication of the use of premedication to counter side effects and replacement of electrolytes or use of salt water. This choice of comparator resulted in a marked difference in the duration of treatment on the trial drugs (77 days with voriconazole versus 10 days with amphotericin B) and precluded meaningful comparisons of the benefits and harms of the two drugs. The third trial failed to find a difference in fungal free survival or invasive fungal infections at 180 days when voriconazole was compared to fluconazole. Authors' conclusions Liposomal amphotericin B is significantly more effective than voriconazole for empirical therapy of fungal infections in neutropenic cancer patients and should be preferred. For treatment of aspergillosis, there are no trials that have compared voriconazole with amphotericin B given under optimal conditions. For prophylactic fungal treatment in patients receiving allogeneic stem cell transplantation, there was no difference between voriconazole and fluconazole regarding fungal free survival or invasive fungal infections. Plain language summary Is voriconazole better than amphotericin B or fluconazole to prevent and treat fungal infections in cancer patients with poor immune defence systems Background Patients with cancer who are treated with chemotherapy or receive a bone marrow transplant have an increased risk of fungal infections. Such infections can be life‐threatening. Antifungal drugs are therefore often given to prevent fungal infections in such patients, either when these patients are known to have a fungal infection or when such an infection is suspected. We reviewed the evidence about the effect of voriconazole compared to amphotericin B or fluconazole to prevent or treat fungal infections in cancer patients with a poor immune system to provide defence. Study characteristics We identified three studies. Our most recent search for studies was done in January 2014. One trial compared voriconazole to liposomal amphotericin B in 849 men and women (58 deaths) with cancer and a poor immune system. Treatment was most often given for seven days. The treatment was provided in patients where a fungal infection was suspected because they had a fever that could not otherwise be explained. The second trial compared voriconazole to amphotericin B deoxycholate in 391 men and women (98 deaths) with cancer and a poor immune system. Voriconazole was given for 77 days on average whereas liposomal amphotericin B deoxycholate was given for 10 days on average. The treatment was given when patients were known or suspected to have a specific fungal infection (Aspergillus). The third trial compared voriconazole to fluconazole in 600 men and women (the number of deaths was not stated) with cancer who had undergone a transplantation of their bone marrow after high‐dose chemotherapy that suppresses their immune system. The treatment was given to prevent fungal infections. All studies were sponsored by the manufacturer of the study drug, voriconazole. Key results This review found that voriconazole was inferior to liposomal amphotericin B for treatment of suspected fungal infections. More patients treated with voriconazole died and a claimed benefit in terms of fewer new fungal infections disappeared when we included patients that had been excluded without good reason from the analyses presented in the published article. We also found that voriconazole has not been compared with amphotericin B when given under optimal conditions for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis, and that voriconazole was no better than fluconazole in patients undergoing a bone marrow transplantation for preventing invasive fungal infections or for extending the time patients survive without a fungal infection. Quality of the evidence The first and second trial were seriously misleading. The first trial analysed the results of the study in a different way from that originally planned, which favoured the study drug voriconazole. The second study compared voriconazole to a drug (liposomal amphotericin B) that was given at substandard dose, which means the results of the study are not meaningful. The third study should have presented how many patients died but did not.
Type I interferons for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis; Abstract - Background Interferons (IFNs) are cytokines which possess immunoregulatory properties and have been used to successfully treat a number of chronic inflammatory disorders. It has been postulated that Type I IFNs may be able to re‐establish the Th1/Th2 balance in Th2 predominant diseases like ulcerative colitis. Objectives To systematically evaluate the efficacy and safety of type I IFN therapy for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, the Cochrane IBD/FBD group specialised register, and ClinicalTrials.gov from inception to August 8, 2014. Reference lists of trials and review articles, as well as recent proceedings from major gastroenterology meetings were manually searched. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of type I IFNs for induction of remission in UC were included. The study population included patients of any age with active ulcerative colitis. There were no exclusions based on type, dose or duration of IFN treatment. Data collection and analysis Two independent authors reviewed studies for eligibility, extracted the data and assessed study quality using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The overall quality of the evidence supporting the outcomes was evaluated using the GRADE criteria. The primary outcome was induction of remission of ulcerative colitis. Secondary outcomes included: time to remission, mean change in disease activity index score, clinical, histological or endoscopic improvement, improvement in quality of life, and adverse events. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI) for dichotomous outcomes. We calculated the mean difference and corresponding 95% confidence interval for continuous outcomes. Meta‐analysis was performed using RevMan 5.3.5 software. Main results Six studies were eligible for inclusion (517 patients). Five studies compared type I IFNs to placebo injections (485 patients) and a single study compared IFNs to prednisolone enemas in patients with left‐sided colitis (32 patients). The active comparator study was rated as high risk of bias due to an open‐label design. Three studies were rated as unclear risk of bias for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. Two studies described as double blind were rated as unclear risk of bias for blinding. There was no significant benefit of type I IFNs over placebo for inducing clinical remission or improvement in patients with active ulcerative colitis. Thirty‐six per cent (87/242) of patients in the type I IFNs group achieved clinical remission by 8 to 12 weeks compared to 30% (36/120) of placebo patients (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.58; 4 studies, 362 patients). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting the outcome clinical remission was moderate due to sparse data (123 events). Fifty‐six per cent (149/264) of patients in the type I IFNs group improved clinically by 8 to 12 weeks compared to 48% (77/161) of placebo patients (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.40; 4 studies, 425 patients). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting the outcome clinical improvement was moderate due to sparse data (226 events). Patients who received type I IFNs were significantly more likely to withdraw from the studies due to adverse events than those who received placebo. Seven per cent (18/42) of type I IFNs patients withdrew due to adverse events compared to 2% (3/152) of placebo patients (RR 3.16, 95% CI 1.06 to 9.40). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting the outcome withdrawal due to adverse events was low due to very sparse data (21 events). The study comparing type I IFNs to prednisolone enemas found no difference between the treatment groups in quality of life or disease activity scores. Common adverse events included headaches, arthralgias, myalgias, fatigue, back pain, nausea, application site reactions, rigors, and fevers. There were no statistically significant differences in the other secondary outcomes. Authors' conclusions Moderate quality evidence suggests that type I IFNs are not effective for the induction of remission in UC. In addition, there are concerns regarding the tolerability of this class of treatment. Plain language summary Type I interferons for treatment of active ulcerative colitis What is ulcerative colitis? Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a long‐term (chronic) inflammatory bowel disease characterized by abdominal pain, bloody diarrhea, and a need to hurry to the toilet to pass feces (fecal urgency). What are type I interferons? Interferons (IFNs) are drugs that regulate the immune system and have been used to successfully treat a number of chronic inflammatory disorders. People with UC who are experiencing disease symptoms have ‘active’ disease, periods when the symptoms stop are called ‘remission’. What did the researchers investigate? The researchers investigated whether type I IFNs results in remission in people with active ulcerative colitis, and whether it causes any harms (side effects). The researchers searched the medical literature extensively up to August 8, 2014. What did the researchers find? The researchers identified six studies that included a total of 517 participants. Five studies (total 485 participants) compared type I IFNs to placebo (fake medicine) injections. One small (32 participants) low quality study compared types I IFNs to prednisolone (a steroid drug) enemas. This study did not measure remission and found no difference between the treatment groups in quality of life or disease activity scores. There was no difference between type I interferons and placebo treatment groups for the number of people who achieved remission or improvement of their symptoms. These results suggest that type I IFNs do not produce remission from ulcerative colitis. Common side effects included headaches, arthralgias (joint pain), myalgias (muscle pain), fatigue, back pain, nausea, injection site reactions, rigors (cold and shivering), and fevers. At present, the results from medical trials do not support the use of type I IFNs for the production of remission in active ulcerative colitis.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for treating sepsis, severe sepsis and septic shock; Abstract - Background Mortality from sepsis and septic shock remains high. Results of trials on intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) as adjunctive therapy for sepsis have been conflicting. This is an update of a Cochrane review that was originally published in 1999 and updated in 2002 and 2010. Objectives To estimate the effects of IVIG as adjunctive therapy in patients with bacterial sepsis or septic shock on mortality, bacteriological failure rates, and duration of stay in hospital. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 6), MEDLINE (1966 to December 2012), and EMBASE (1988 to December 2012). We contacted investigators in the field for unpublished data. The original search was performed in 1999 and updated in 2002 and 2008. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials comparing IVIG (monoclonal or polyclonal) with placebo or no intervention in patients of any age with bacterial sepsis or septic shock. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion and undertook methodologic quality assessment and data abstraction. We conducted pre‐specified subgroup analyses by type of immunoglobulin preparation. Main results We included 43 studies that met our inclusion criteria in this updated review out of 88 potentially eligible studies. The studies included a large polyclonal IVIG trial in neonates that was concluded in 2011 and classified as ongoing in the 2010 version of this review. Pooled analysis of polyclonal and monoclonal IVIG was not done due to clinical heterogeneity. Subgroup analysis of 10 polyclonal IVIG trials (n = 1430) and seven trials on IgM‐enriched polyclonal IVIG (n = 528) showed significant reductions in mortality in adults with sepsis compared to placebo or no intervention (relative risk (RR) 0.81; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93 and RR 0.66; 95% CI 0.51 to 0.85, respectively). Subgroup analysis of polyclonal IVIG in neonates, which now includes the recently concluded large polyclonal IVIG trial, showed no significant reduction in mortality for standard IVIG (RR 1.00; 95% CI 0.92 to 1.08; five trials, n = 3667) and IgM‐enriched polyclonal IVIG (RR 0.57; 95% CI 0.31 to 1.04; three trials, n = 164). Sensitivity analysis of trials with low risk of bias showed no reduction in mortality with polyclonal IVIG in adults (RR 0.97; 95% CI 0.81 to 1.15; five trials, n = 945) and neonates (RR 1.01; 95% CI 0.93 to 1.09; three trials, n = 3561). Mortality was not reduced among patients (eight trials, n = 4671) who received anti‐endotoxin antibodies (RR 0.99; 95% CI 0.91 to1.06) while anti‐cytokines (nine trials, n = 7893) demonstrated a marginal reduction in mortality (RR 0.92; 95% CI 0.86 to 0.97). Authors' conclusions Polyclonal IVIG reduced mortality among adults with sepsis but this benefit was not seen in trials with low risk of bias. Among neonates with sepsis, there is sufficient evidence that standard polyclonal IVIG, as adjunctive therapy, does not reduce mortality based on the inclusion of the large polyclonal IVIG trial on neonates. For Ig‐M enriched IVIG, the trials on neonates and adults were small and the totality of the evidence is still insufficient to support a robust conclusion of benefit. Adjunctive therapy with monoclonal IVIGs remains experimental. Plain language summary Intravenous immunoglobulins for treating patients with severe sepsis and septic shock Sepsis is the inflammatory response of the body to severe infection, which can be caused by a variety of micro‐organisms including bacteria, viruses and fungi. Signs of sepsis include fever, hypothermia, rapid heart rate and respiration; and a laboratory finding of increased or decreased white blood cell count. Deaths as a result of sepsis and septic shock remain high despite giving antibiotics, especially if the functions of a persons's vital organs such as the lungs, heart and kidneys are affected. Several studies have looked into other agents than antibiotics to help the body fight the effects of sepsis. Intravenous immunoglobulin preparations contain antibodies that help the body to neutralize bacterial toxins. There are two types of preparations. These are polyclonal immunoglobulins that contain several antibodies directed at endotoxin and inflammatory mediators, and monoclonal immunoglobulins which target a specific inflammatory mediator or antigen. Intravenous immunoglobulins are blood products, specifically pooled sera derived from human donor blood. For this updated Cochrane review, we searched the medical literature databases to January 2012. We included 43 randomized controlled trials (RCTs); 25 were RCTs of polyclonal intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIGs) with 17 in adults (1958 participants) and eight in newborn infants (3831 participants) including a large polyclonal IVIG trial on infants with sepsis that was published in 2011. The remaining 18 trials (a total of 13,413 participants) were of monoclonal antibodies. Both standard and immunoglobulin M (IgM)‐enriched polyclonal immunoglobulins decreased the number of deaths in adults but not in infants. However, no reductions in adult deaths were seen with polyclonal IVIG using high quality trials only. Among newborn infants with sepsis, there is definitive evidence that standard polyclonal IVIG does not reduce the number of deaths. In the monoclonal immunoglobulin trials, anti‐endotoxin antibodies showed no benefit while the anti‐cytokines showed a very small reduction in deaths among adults with sepsis. The polyclonal immunoglobulin trials in adults were small compared to the trials of monoclonal agents. The reduction in deaths observed with polyclonal IgM‐enriched preparations as add‐on therapy for sepsis needs to be confirmed in large studies that use high quality methods.
Anaesthetic regimens for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy; Abstract - Background Day surgery involves admission of selected patients to hospital for a planned surgical procedure with the patients returning home on the same day. An anaesthetic regimen usually involves a combination of an anxiolytic, an induction agent, a maintenance agent, a method of maintaining the airway (laryngeal mask versus endotracheal intubation), and a muscle relaxant. The effect of anaesthesia may continue after the completion of surgery and can delay discharge. Various regimens of anaesthesia have been suggested for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Objectives To compare the benefits and harms of different anaesthetic regimens (risks of mortality and morbidity, measures of recovery after surgery) in patients undergoing day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 10, 2013), MEDLINE (PubMed) (1987 to November 2013), EMBASE (OvidSP) (1987 to November 2013), Science Citation Index Expanded (ISI Web of Knowledge) (1987 to November 2013), LILACS (Virtual Health Library) (1987 to November 2013), metaRegister of Controlled Trials (http://www.controlled‐trials.com/mrct/) (November 2013), World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) portal (November 2013), and ClinicalTrials.gov (November 2013). Selection criteria We included randomized clinical trials comparing different anaesthetic regimens during elective day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy (irrespective of language or publication status). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and independently extracted the data. We calculated the risk ratio, rate ratio or mean difference with 95% confidence intervals based on intention‐to‐treat or available data analysis. Main results We included 11 trials involving 1069 participants at low anaesthetic risk. The sample size varied from 40 to 300 participants. We included 23 comparisons. All trials were at a high risk of bias. We were unable to perform a meta‐analysis because there were no two trials involving the same comparison. Primary outcomes included perioperative mortality, serious morbidity and proportion of patients who were discharged on the same day. There were no perioperative deaths or serious adverse events in either group in the only trial that reported this information (0/60). There was no clear evidence of a difference in the proportion of patients who were discharged on the same day between any of the comparisons. Overall, 472/554 patients (85%) included in this review were discharged as day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy patients. Secondary outcomes included hospital readmissions, health‐related quality of life, pain, return to activity and return to work. There was no clear evidence of a difference in hospital readmissions within 30 days in the only comparison in which this outcome was reported. One readmission was reported in the 60 patients (2%) in whom this outcome was assessed. Quality of life was not reported in any of the trials. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the pain intensity, measured by a visual analogue scale, between comparators in the only trial which reported the pain intensity at between four and eight hours after surgery. Times to return to activity and return to work were not reported in any of the trials. Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient evidence to conclude that one anaesthetic regimen for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy is to be preferred over another. However, the data are sparse (that is, there were few trials under each comparison and the trials had few participants) and further well designed randomized trials at low risk of bias and which are powered to measure differences in clinically important outcomes are necessary to determine the optimal anaesthetic regimen for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy, one of the commonest procedures performed in the western world. Plain language summary Anaesthetic regimens for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy Background Approximately 50 to 250 out of every 1000 adults in the western world have gallstones. Of every 100 people with gallstones, two to four people develop symptoms such as pain in the upper abdomen. This condition is treated by surgical removal of the gallbladder through 'keyhole surgery', a procedure that is known as laparoscopic cholecystectomy. It is possible to perform the operation and allow the patient to go home on the same day ('day surgery'). During surgery, the patient is given a range of medicines to provide lack of awareness of the procedure undertaken, reduce pain, and relax muscles (allowing the surgeon adequate access and vision). Together, this is called an anaesthetic regimen. Many different anaesthetic regimens have been suggested for use in day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy. We sought to find the best anaesthetic regimen by performing a thorough search of the literature for randomized controlled trials, reported until November 2013. Study characteristics We included 11 trials involving 1069 patients in this review. Most participants in the trials had a low anaesthetic risk. Key results There were no deaths or serious complications in the only trial that reported this information. Overall, 85% of patients (472/554) were discharged as day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy patients and 2% of patients (1/60) required hospital readmission. The reasons for not discharging the patients as day‐procedure patients were not described in detail in the trials. The reason for readmission was fever that developed in the patient and which subsequently settled on its own without any treatment. Quality of life was not reported in any of the trials. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the measures of pain intensity between any of the comparisons. Time to return to routine daily activity and to return to work were not reported in any of the trials. There is currently no evidence to support one anaesthetic regimen for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy over another. Quality of evidence All the trials had elements that tended to reduce our trust in the accuracy of the results. Few patients were included in each comparison resulting in a considerable chance of arriving at erroneous conclusions. Future research Randomized controlled trials designed to minimize the risk of arriving at wrong conclusions are necessary to determine the best anaesthetic regimen for day‐procedure laparoscopic cholecystectomy, one of the commonest procedures performed in the western world.
Opioids for acute pancreatitis pain; Abstract - Background Acute pancreatitis is an acute inflammatory process of the pancreas that may also involve adjacent tissues and/or remote organ systems. Abdominal pain is the main symptom and is usually accompanied by nausea, vomiting and fever. Opoids are commonly used to manage pain in acute pancreatitis but there are still some uncertainties about their clinical effectiveness and safety. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of opioids for treating acute pancreatitis pain. Search methods The search strategy included the Cochrane Upper Gastrointestinal and Pancreatic Diseases Review Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library  (2013, Issue 6), MEDLINE (from 1950 to June 2013) and EMBASE (from 1980 to June 2013). There were no restrictions by language or publication status. Selection criteria We considered randomised clinical trials (RCTs) assessing the effectiveness of any opioid drug used for treating acute pancreatitis pain. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed risks of bias and extracted data. We estimated risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous data and calculated a 95% confidence interval (CI) for each RR. We performed an intention‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis. We undertook meta‐analysis for some outcomes. Main results We included five RCTs with a total of 227 participants (age range 23 to 76 years; 65% men) with acute pancreatitis pain. The opioids assessed were intravenous and intramuscular buprenorphine, intramuscular pethidine, intravenous pentazocine, transdermal fentanyl and subcutaneous morphine. One RCT, comparing subcutaneous morphine with intravenous metamizole reported non‐significant reduction in the number of participants with improvements in pain intensity (primary outcome) (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.33). Three studies compared analgesia using opioids with non‐opioid treatments. After excluding one study that used opioids through continuous intravenous infusion, there was a decrease in the number of patients requiring supplementary analgesia (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.93). In a single study, there were no differences in the number of patients requiring supplementary analgesia between buprenorphine and pethidine (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.10). Pancreatitis complications were not associated with a significant difference between the drugs tested. No clinically serious or life‐threatening adverse events occurred related to treatment. No differences for this outcome were found between opioid and non‐opioid treatments, or for type of adverse event (nausea‐vomiting and somnolence‐sedation). One death in the procaine group was reported across all the trials. One RCT comparing pethidine with intramuscular buprenorphine reported non‐significant differences of supplementary analgesic, adverse events or deaths. One RCT comparing fentanyl with placebo found no difference in adverse events. The findings of this review are limited by the lack of information to allow full appraisal of the risk of bias, the measurement of relevant outcomes and the small numbers of participants and events covered by the trials. Authors' conclusions Opioids may be an appropriate choice in the treatment of acute pancreatitis pain. Compared with other analgesic options, opioids may decrease the need for supplementary analgesia. There is currently no difference in the risk of pancreatitis complications or clinically serious adverse events between opioids and other analgesia options. Future research should focus on the design of trials with larger samples and the measurement of relevant outcomes for decision‐making, such as the number of participants showing reductions in pain intensity. The reporting of these RCTs should also be improved to allow users of the medical literature to appraise their results accurately. Large longitudinal studies are also needed to establish the risk of pancreatitis complications and adverse events related to drugs. Plain language summary Opioids for abdominal pain in acute pancreatitis The pancreas is a gland behind the stomach and close to the first part of the small intestine. It produces digestive juices, amylase, secreted into the small intestine and releases hormones, insulin and glucagon, into the bloodstream. Acute pancreatitis refers to a sudden inflammation of the pancreas. It happens when digestive juices become active inside the pancreas, causing swelling, bleeding and damage to the pancreas and its blood vessels. It is a serious condition and can lead to further problems. Common symptoms are severe pain in the upper abdomen, nausea, and vomiting. Treatment is usually a few days in hospital for fluids, antibiotics, and medicines to relieve pain, delivered by drip. If there is severe pain, at least one type of pain relief (e.g. paracetamol, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, opioids) is generally used. Opioids, such as morphine and its derivatives, are commonly used, but without firm evidence for their effectiveness and safety. It is possible that they may hide the resolution of the disease, and may increase pain by causing spasms. The aim of this review is to clarify the appropriate use of opioids for abdominal pain in acute pancreatitis. We searched a number of electronic databases up to June 2013. We include five randomised clinical trials (RCTs), with a total of 227 participants in this review. The opioids evaluated were buprenorphine, pethidine, pentazocine, fentanyl and morphine. For participants needing additional pain relief, combined analysis of opioids (pentazocine and morphine) showed a significant benefit when compared with non‐opioid treatments. Two trials showed that buprenorphine and pentazocine were each more effective than procaine. Our confidence in the stability of these effects is low, however, due to limitations in the number of studies and participants, and the low quality of the way the trials were run and reported. No serious or life‐threatening adverse events were linked to the drugs being studied. One death was reported, in a procaine group, across all the included trials. On the evidence so far, opioids may be an appropriate treatment option and might have the advantage of decreasing the need for additional pain relief. We found no clear difference in the risk of pancreatitis complications or serious adverse event between opioids and other pain relief treatments. However, the findings of this review are limited by the lack of information to allow full appraisal of the risk of bias, the measurement of relevant outcomes and the small numbers of participants covered by the trials.
Fluphenazine (oral) versus placebo for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Fluphenazine is one of the first drugs to be classed as an 'antipsychotic' and has been widely available for five decades. Objectives To compare the effects of oral fluphenazine with placebo for the treatment of schizophrenia. To evaluate any available economic studies and value outcome data. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group’s Trials Register (23 July 2013, 23 December 2014, 9 November 2016 and 28 December 2017 ) which is based on regular searches of CINAHL, BIOSIS, AMED, EMBASE, PubMed, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and registries of clinical trials. There is no language, date, document type, or publication status limitations for inclusion of records in the register. Selection criteria We sought all randomised controlled trials comparing oral fluphenazine with placebo relevant to people with schizophrenia. Primary outcomes of interest were global state and adverse effects. Data collection and analysis For the effects of interventions, a review team inspected citations and abstracts independently, ordered papers and re‐inspected and quality assessed trials. We extracted data independently. Dichotomous data were analysed using fixed‐effect risk ratio (RR) and the 95% confidence interval (CI). Continuous data were excluded if more than 50% of people were lost to follow‐up, but, where possible, mean differences (MD) were calculated. Economic studies were searched and reliably selected by an economic review team to provide an economic summary of available data. Where no relevant economic studies were eligible for inclusion, the economic review team valued the already‐included effectiveness outcome data to provide a rudimentary economic summary. Main results From over 1200 electronic records of 415 studies identified by our initial search and this updated search, we excluded 48 potentially relevant studies and included seven trials published between 1964 and 1999 that randomised 439 (mostly adult participants). No new included trials were identified for this review update. Compared with placebo, global state outcomes of 'not improved or worsened' were not significantly different in the medium term in one small study (n = 50, 1 RCT, RR 1.12 CI 0.79 to 1.58,  very low quality of evidence ). The risk of relapse in the long term was greater in two small studies in people receiving placebo (n = 86, 2 RCTs, RR 0.39 CI 0.05 to 3.31,  very   low quality of evidence ), however with high degree of heterogeneity in the results. Only one person allocated fluphenazine was reported in the same small study to have died on long‐term follow‐up (n = 50, 1 RCT, RR 2.38 CI 0.10 to 55.72,  low quality of evidence ). Short‐term extrapyramidal adverse effects were significantly more frequent with fluphenazine compared to placebo in two other studies for the outcomes of akathisia (n = 227, 2 RCTs, RR 3.43 CI 1.23 to 9.56,  moderate quality of evidence ) and rigidity (n = 227, 2 RCTs, RR 3.54 CI 1.76 to 7.14,  moderate quality of evidence ). For economic outcomes, we valued outcomes for relapse and presented them in additional tables. Authors' conclusions The findings in this review confirm much that clinicians and recipients of care already know, but they provide quantification to support clinical impression. Fluphenazine's global position as an effective treatment for psychoses is not threatened by the outcome of this review. However, fluphenazine is an imperfect treatment and if accessible, other inexpensive drugs less associated with adverse effects may be an equally effective choice for people with schizophrenia. Plain language summary Fluphenazine versus Placebo for Schizophrenia Review question:  Is fluphenazine effective for the treatment of schizophrenia compared with placebo? Background Fluphenazine is one of the first drugs to be classed as an 'antipsychotic' and has been widely available for decades. Searching for evidence We updated the electronic search in December 2017 for trials that randomised people with schizophrenia to receive oral fluphenazine or placebo. No new studies were found to be added in this update. Evidence found Seven trials met the review requirements and provided useable data.The evidence currently available is of poor quality and suggests that whilst fluphenazine is a potent and effective antipsychotic, it has considerable side effects. Conclusions Antipsychotic drugs are the first line and mainstay of treatment for schizophrenia. They help to effectively treat psychotic symptoms such as hearing voices and seeing things (hallucinations) and having strange beliefs (delusions). Fluphenazine was one of the first antipsychotics and has been available for around 50 years. Fluphenazine is inexpensive and in developing countries, may be one of the only drug treatments available. In most of Europe and North America, despite still being available, the arrival of newer antipsychotic drugs has reduced the use of fluphenazine and its market share. Fluphenazine has debilitating side effects, including: dizziness; movement disorders such as involuntary movements or spasms; shaking and tremors; inner restlessness and the inability to sit still; and problems with blood pressure, fever and muscle stiffness. This review included seven studies and compared the effects of fluphenazine taken by mouth with placebo (‘dummy’ treatment).  In the main, the findings of the review support the widespread view that fluphenazine is a potent and effective antipsychotic but has considerable side effects, other antipsychotic drugs may well be preferable. Fluphenazine is an imperfect treatment with serious side effects, so other inexpensive antipsychotic drugs with fewer side effects may be better for people with schizophrenia. Despite this, fluphenazine has a low cost and is widely available, so is likely to remain one of the most widely used treatments for schizophrenia worldwide. However, some of fluphenazine's side effects could be expensive in terms of human suffering and personal cost of treatment. Even though fluphenazine has been used as an antipsychotic drug for decades, there are still a surprisingly small number of well‐conducted studies measuring its effectiveness and potential to cause side effects. Future large‐scale research should report on important outcomes such as improvement in mental health, relapse, hospital discharge and admission, levels of satisfaction with treatment and quality of life. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray from RETHINK.
Heated, humidified air for the common cold; Abstract - Background Heated, humidified air has long been used by people with the common cold. The theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and that heat may destroy the cold virus as it does in vitro. This is an update of a review last published in 2013. Objectives To assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam) in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding, and nasal resistance. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (to February 2017), MEDLINE (1966 to 24 February 2017), Embase (1990 to 24 February 2017), and Current Contents (1998 to 24 February 2017). We also searched World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) (8 March 2017) and ClinicalTrials.gov (8 March 2017) as well as reference lists of included studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials using heated water vapour in participants with the common cold or experimentally induced common cold were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Three review authors independently screened titles and abstracts for inclusion of potential studies identified from the search. We recorded the selection process in sufficient detail to complete a PRISMA flow diagram. We used a data collection form for study characteristics and outcome data that was developed and used for previous versions of this review. Two review authors independently extracted data, and a third review author resolved any disagreements. We used Review Manager 5 software to analyse data. Main results We included six trials from five publications involving a total of 387 participants. We included no new studies in this 2017 update. The 'Risk of bias' assessment suggested an unclear risk of bias in the domain of randomisation and a low risk of bias in performance, detection, attrition, and reporting. It was uncertain whether heated, humidified air provides symptomatic relief for the common cold, as the fixed‐effect analysis showed evidence of an effect (odds ratio (OR) 0.30, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 0.56; 2 studies, 149 participants), but the random‐effects analysis showed no significant difference in the results (OR 0.22, 95% CI 0.03 to 1.95) .  There is an argument for using either form of analysis. No studies demonstrated an exacerbation of clinical symptom scores. One study conducted in the USA demonstrated worsened nasal resistance, but an earlier Israeli study showed improvement. One study examined viral shedding in nasal washings, finding no significant difference between treatment and placebo groups (OR 0.47, 95% CI 0.04 to 5.19). As judged by the subjective response to therapy (i.e. therapy did not help), the number of participants reporting resolution of symptoms was not significantly higher in the heated humidified group (OR 0.58, 95% CI 0.28 to 1.18; 2 studies, 124 participants). There was significant heterogeneity in the effects of heated, humidified air on different outcomes, therefore we graded the quality of the evidence as low. Some studies reported minor adverse events (including discomfort or irritation of the nose). Authors' conclusions The current evidence does not show any benefits or harms from the use of heated, humidified air delivered via the RhinoTherm device for the treatment of the common cold. There is a need for more double‐blind, randomised trials that include standardised treatment modalities. Plain language summary Heated, humidified air for the common cold Review question We examined the effects of inhaling heated, humidified air delivered by a device (RhinoTherm) for people with common cold. Background Common cold is the most common infection in humans. It does not usually cause complications, but can lead to days off work or school due to discomfort caused by symptoms. The diagnosis is based on symptoms, and the treatments are mainly symptomatic. Symptoms include fever, loss of appetite, feeling unwell, feeling chilled, with headache, muscle aches, and pains. Many signs and symptoms are caused by congestion from swelling of membranes and thickened mucus inside the nose. The common cold has been treated for decades with inhaled steam to help the mucus drain more easily. There is laboratory evidence that the cold virus may be sensitive to heat, but no large scale clinical trials have tested its effectiveness. Steam inhalation continues to be used because it provides subjective relief of common cold symptoms. Search date The search is current to 24 February 2017. Study characteristics We included six randomised, double‐blind trials from five publications involving a total of 387 participants published between 1987 and 1995 in the English language. All included trials used the RhinoTherm device, which delivered heated, humidified air for different lengths of time and at different flow rates to treat common cold symptoms. Three trials were conducted in the USA, two in the UK, and one in Israel. Most studies recruited people with naturally occurring colds, but one study induced colds by infecting participants. Study funding sources The RhinoTherm devices were provided by Netzer Sereni in four studies and A Beacham in two studies. One study was funded by Cleveland Clinic internal funding, and another was supported by authors' discretionary funds. The remaining studies did not mention funding sources. Key results None of the included studies reported any worsening in clinical symptom scores after inhaling heated, humidified air. Participants in two trials showed a lack of persistent symptoms, however the results were inconsistent. Two studies reported minor adverse events. There was no effect of treatment on rhinovirus shedding. Quality of evidence Using GRADE criteria, we assessed the quality of the evidence as low for the outcomes reduction in the clinical severity of the common cold (measured by decrease in the symptom score index); number of participants with the subjective response: therapy did not help; and number of participants with a positive viral culture in the nasal washings, due to risk of bias and inconsistency of the study results.
Antibody therapies for lymphoma in children; Abstract - Background Lymphomas are the third most common malignancy in childhood. Cure rates are high but have reached a plateau. Therefore new treatment modalities should be developed. Antibody therapy is a successful new treatment option in adult lymphoma. However, none of the therapeutic antibodies available for adults with cancer have been approved for treatment of paediatric lymphoma. Objectives To assess the efficacy of antibody therapy for childhood lymphoma in terms of survival, response and relapse rates, compared with therapy not including antibody treatment. To assess quality of life and the occurrence of adverse effects caused by antibody therapy treatment in children compared with therapy not including antibody treatment. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, 2014, Issue 10), MEDLINE in PubMed (from 1945 to October 2014), EMBASE in EMBASE.com (from 1980 to October 2014) and reference lists of relevant articles. Furthermore, we searched conference proceedings abstracts of SIOP, ASCO and ASH for studies from 2009 to 2013), and the World Health Organization (WHO) ICTRP portal and ClinicalTrials.gov for ongoing trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and controlled clinical trials comparing conventional therapy with antibody therapy in children with lymphoma. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently performed the study selection. Main results We found no studies meeting the inclusion criteria of the review. Authors' conclusions At this moment, it is not possible to draw evidence‐based conclusions regarding clinical practice. Phase I and II studies show a positive effect of using antibody therapy in childhood lymphoma. Further research is needed to evaluate and implement antibody therapy for paediatric lymphoma. Plain language summary Antibody therapies for lymphoma in children Review question The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy of the treatment of lymphoma in children with antibody therapy in terms of survival, relapse rates and response to treatment, compared with therapy not including antibody treatment. Furthermore, it aimed to evaluate the effects of antibody therapy on quality of life and side effects. Background Lymphomas are the third most common cancer of childhood. They are cancer of the lymphatic system, which is part of the immune system and protects the body from infection. They often present as painless masses, accompanied by signs and symptoms resulting from local compression, as well as other signs and symptoms, such as fever and weight loss. Cure rates are high, exceeding 80%, but over the past years a plateau has been reached. Furthermore, cure rates for recurrent disease are dramatically lower. The long term effects of chemotherapy (chemicals used to treat cancer) are of great concern. Therefore, new treatments must be developed. Antibodies are produced by our bodies to help fight infection. Treatment with antibodies (antibody therapy) is a successful new treatment option in adults with lymphoma. However, none of the therapeutic antibodies available for adults with cancer have been approved for treatment of paediatric lymphomas. Monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise specific proteins on the surface of our body's cells. This binding could be used as a therapy for cancer. Binding of the antibody could result in direct cell death, or could mark the cells that need to be cleared by our body using the immune system. Search date 8 October 2014. Study characteristics We included only studies comparing the use of antibody therapy to the standard care in identical groups of children. Study funding sources We included no studies in our analysis. Key results We found no studies. The authors analysed 27 publications investigating the safety and tolerability of two antibody therapies, rituximab and brentuximab vedotin, in children with various types of lymphoma. These trials indicated that antibody therapy is safe to use in children and is well tolerated. Furthermore, there seems to be a positive effect on survival rates. To further evaluate the effects randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) must be performed. Use of statistics We performed no analyses. Quality of the evidence We found no studies.
Intraperitoneal chemotherapy for the initial management of primary epithelial ovarian cancer; Abstract - Background Ovarian cancer tends to be chemosensitive and confine itself to the surface of the peritoneal cavity for much of its natural history. These features have made it an obvious target for intraperitoneal (IP) chemotherapy. Chemotherapy for ovarian cancer is usually given as an intravenous (IV) infusion repeatedly over five to eight cycles. Intraperitoneal chemotherapy is given by infusion of the chemotherapeutic agent directly into the peritoneal cavity. There are biological reasons why this might increase the anticancer effect and reduce some systemic adverse effects in comparison to IV therapy. Objectives To determine if adding a component of the chemotherapy regime into the peritoneal cavity affects overall survival, progression‐free survival, quality of life (QOL) and toxicity in the primary treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer. Search methods We searched the Gynaecological Cancer Review Group's Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) Issue 2, 2011, MEDLINE (1951 to May 2011) and EMBASE (1974 to May 2011). We updated these searches in February 2007, August 2010, May 2011 and September 2015. In addition, we handsearched and cascade searched the major gynaecological oncology journals up to May 2011. Selection criteria The analysis was restricted to randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing women with a new diagnosis of primary epithelial ovarian cancer, of any FIGO stage, following primary cytoreductive surgery. Standard IV chemotherapy was compared with chemotherapy that included a component of IP administration. Data collection and analysis We extracted data on overall survival, disease‐free survival, adverse events and QOL and performed meta‐analyses of hazard ratios (HR) for time‐to‐event variables and relative risks (RR) for dichotomous outcomes using RevMan software. Main results Nine randomised trials studied 2119 women receiving primary treatment for ovarian cancer. We considered six trials to be of high quality. Women were less likely to die if they received an IP component to chemotherapy (eight studies, 2026 women; HR = 0.81; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.72 to 0.90). Intraperitoneal component chemotherapy prolonged the disease‐free interval (five studies, 1311 women; HR = 0.78; 95% CI: 0.70 to 0.86). There was greater serious toxicity with regard to gastrointestinal effects, pain, fever and infection but less ototoxicity with the IP than the IV route. Authors' conclusions Intraperitoneal chemotherapy increases overall survival and progression‐free survival from advanced ovarian cancer. The results of this meta‐analysis provide the most reliable estimates of the relative survival benefits of IP over IV therapy and should be used as part of the decision making process. However, the potential for catheter related complications and toxicity needs to be considered when deciding on the most appropriate treatment for each individual woman. The optimal dose, timing and mechanism of administration cannot be addressed from this meta‐analysis. This needs to be addressed in the next phase of clinical trials. Plain language summary Intraperitoneal chemotherapy (administered into the peritoneal cavity) for advanced ovarian cancer improves both overall and disease‐free survival Ovarian cancer commonly spreads through the peritoneal cavity and usually responds to intravenous (IV) chemotherapy. This review compared the effectiveness of IV chemotherapy to chemotherapy administered directly into the peritoneal cavity (intraperitoneal, or IP). The evidence suggests an improvement in survival if some of the chemotherapy is administered via the intraperitoneal route. The disadvantage is an increase in adverse effects principally relating to the presence of a peritoneal catheter, including pain, catheter blockage, gastrointestinal effects and infection.
Antibiotics for treating community‐acquired pneumonia in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background As a consequence of their condition, people with sickle cell disease are at high risk of developing an acute infection of the pulmonary parenchyma called community‐acquired pneumonia. Many different bacteria can cause this infection and antibiotic treatment is generally needed to resolve it. There is no standardized approach to antibiotic therapy and treatment is likely to vary from country to country. Thus, there is a need to identify the efficacy and safety of different antibiotic treatment approaches for people with sickle cell disease suffering from community‐acquired pneumonia. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of the antibiotic treatment approaches (monotherapy or combined) for people with sickle cell disease suffering from community‐acquired pneumonia. Search methods We searched The Group's Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register (01 September 2016), which comprises references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearching of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. We also searched LILACS (1982 to 01 September 2016), African Index Medicus (1982 to 20 October 2016) and WHO ICT Registry (20 October 2016). Selection criteria We searched for published or unpublished randomized controlled trials. Data collection and analysis We intended to summarise data by standard Cochrane methodologies, but no eligible randomized controlled trials were identified. Main results We were unable to find any randomized controlled trials on antibiotic treatment approaches for community‐acquired pneumonia in people with sickle cell disease. Authors' conclusions The updated review was unable to identify randomized controlled trials on efficacy and safety of the antibiotic treatment approaches for people with sickle cell disease suffering from community‐acquired pneumonia. Randomized controlled trials are needed to establish the optimum antibiotic treatment for this condition. The trials regarding this issue should be structured and reported according to the CONSORT statement for improving the quality of reporting of efficacy and improved reports of harms in clinical research. Triallists should consider including the following outcomes in new trials: number of days to become afebrile; mortality; onset of pain crisis or complications of sickle cell disease following community‐acquired pneumonia; diagnosis; hospitalization (admission rate and length of hospital stay); respiratory failure rate; and number of participants receiving a blood transfusion. There are no trials included in the review and we have not identified any relevant trials up to September 2016. We therefore do not plan to update this review until new trials are published. Plain language summary Antibiotics for treating pneumonia caught outside of hospital or care homes in people with sickle cell disease Review question We reviewed the evidence on the effect and safety of the antibiotic treatment approaches (one drug alone or combined drugs) for people with sickle cell disease with from community‐acquired pneumonia. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Background Sickle cell disease affects millions of people throughout the world. These people can catch pneumonia more easily due to sickle damage to the spleen. The germs causing pneumonia caught in the community vary across the world. They have different sensitivities and resistance levels which are affected by how antibiotics are prescribed in that area. Search date The evidence is current to: 01 September 2016. Study characteristics We were not able to find any trials to include in this review. Key results Trials addressing this issue should be structured and reported according to the CONSORT statement for improving the quality of reporting of efficacy and improved reports of harms in clinical research. Trial investigators should consider including the following outcomes in new trials: number of days to be free of fever, death, onset of pain crisis or complications of sickle cell disease following community‐acquired pneumonia, diagnosis, hospitalization (admission rate and length of hospital stay), respiratory failure rate, and number of participants receiving a blood transfusion. Since no trials have been included in the review up until September 2016, we will still search for trials every two years, but will not publish an updated version of this review until any eligible trials are identified.
Vaccines for preventing malaria (blood‐stage); Abstract - Background A malaria vaccine is needed because of the heavy burden of mortality and morbidity due to this disease. This review describes the results of trials of blood (asexual)‐stage vaccines. Several are under development, but only one (MSP/RESA, also known as Combination B) has been tested in randomized controlled trials. Objectives To assess the effect of blood‐stage malaria vaccines in preventing infection, disease, and death. Search methods In March 2006, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  2006, Issue 1), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and the Science Citation Index. We also searched conference proceedings and reference lists of articles, and contacted organizations and researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing blood‐stage vaccines (other than SPf66) against  P. falciparum ,  P. vivax ,  P. malariae , or  P. ovale  with placebo, control vaccine, or routine antimalarial control measures in people of any age receiving a challenge malaria infection. Data collection and analysis Both authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Results for dichotomous data were expressed as risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants were included; all five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non‐immune participants with blood‐stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP/RESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine‐pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of MSP2 (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants) while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants). Authors' conclusions The MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant‐specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials. The results show that blood‐stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development. 23 April 2019 No update planned Other Although the CIDG conducted a new search up to 8 Aug, 2018 for potentially relevant studies, these studies have not yet been incorporated into this Cochrane Review as this review is not a current priority for update by CIDG. Plain language summary Vaccines for preventing malaria in the blood phase Malaria is a parasitic disease spread by mosquitoes. It affects millions of people worldwide and causes significant illness and mortality. Uncomplicated malaria presents with symptoms such as fever, headache, muscle pain, and vomiting, and children commonly present with rapid breathing, cough, and convulsions. Severe malaria causes unconsciousness and death. Vaccines are widely considered a necessary component for the complete success of malaria control. The parasite moves through several life‐cycle stages in the human body, during which its molecular makeup changes, at least partially. Vaccines specific for each stage (ie targeting different antigens) are under development. This review looked at vaccinations targeted at the asexual (blood) phase of the parasite's life, when the parasites are in red blood cells. One vaccine for this phase, MSP/RESA (also known as Combination B), has been tested in field trials in Papua New Guinea. It reduced the density of parasites in the blood, but it did not prevent malaria attacks. Blood‐stage vaccines are being actively pursued in further research.
Antifungal therapies for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in people with cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) is an allergic reaction to colonisation of the lungs with the fungus  Aspergillus fumigatus,  and affects around 10% of people with cystic fibrosis. ABPA is associated with an accelerated decline in lung function. High doses of corticosteroids are the main treatment for ABPA; although the long‐term benefits are not clear, and their many side effects are well‐documented. A group of compounds, the azoles, have activity against  A fumigatus , and have been proposed as an alternative treatment for ABPA. Of this group, itraconazole is the most active. A separate antifungal compound, amphotericin B, has been used in aerosolised form to treat invasive infection with  A fumigatus , and may have potential for the treatment of ABPA. Antifungal therapy for ABPA in cystic fibrosis needs to be evaluated. This is an update of a previously published review. Objectives The review aimed to test the hypotheses that antifungal interventions for the treatment of ABPA in cystic fibrosis: 1. improve clinical status compared to placebo or standard therapy (no placebo); and 2. do not have unacceptable adverse effects. If benefit was demonstrated, we planned to assess the optimal type, duration, and dose of antifungal therapy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group Trials Register, which comprises references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches, handsearches of relevant journals, and abstract books of conference proceedings. Date of the most recent search of the Group's Trials Register was 28 September 2021. We searched ongoing trials registries, most recently on 11 March 2022. Earlier, we also approached pharmaceutical companies regarding possible unpublished trials. Selection criteria Published or unpublished randomised controlled trials, in which antifungal treatments were compared to either placebo or no treatment, or where different doses of the same treatment were used in the treatment of ABPA in people with cystic fibrosis. Data collection and analysis The searches identified six trials; none of which met the inclusion criteria for the review. Main results We included no completed randomised controlled trials. There is currently one ongoing trial, which we may find eligible for a future update. Authors' conclusions At present, there are no randomised controlled trials that evaluate the use of antifungal therapies for the treatment of ABPA in people with cystic fibrosis, although one trial is currently ongoing. Trials with clear outcome measures are needed to properly evaluate the use of corticosteroids in people with ABPA and cystic fibrosis. Plain language summary Treatments to fight fungal infections that cause allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in people with cystic fibrosis Review question We planned to review the evidence about the effect of treatments to fight fungal infections that cause allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) in people with cystic fibrosis. Background ABPA is an allergic lung reaction to a type of fungus (usually  Aspergillus fumigatus ) in some people with cystic fibrosis. It causes a cough and wheezing, and sometimes fever. If left untreated, ABPA can lead to long‐term lung damage. It is usually treated with a high dose of corticosteroids (also known as steroids). However, it has not been proven that corticosteroids can prevent lung function from deteriorating in the long term. Also, long‐term use of corticosteroids is linked to some serious side effects. Treating the fungus that causes ABPA may be an alternative to using high doses of corticosteroids to combat the allergic reaction. This is an update of a previously published review. Search date The evidence is current to 28 September 2021. Study characteristics We did not find any trials that we could include in the review. Key results There is currently no evidence to recommend the use of antifungal treatment in people with cystic fibrosis and ABPA. We need trials to assess the effects of corticosteroids in this population in the long and the short term.
Vitamin A for preventing acute lower respiratory tract infections in children up to seven years of age; Abstract - Background Vitamin A supplements are effective for preventing diarrhoea. There are theoretical reasons why they may also be effective for acute lower respiratory tract infections (LRTIs), also very common in children, especially in low‐income countries. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of vitamin A for preventing acute LRTIs in children up to seven years of age. Search methods In this updated review we searched CENTRAL (2010, Issue 1), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infection Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to February Week 4, 2010), EMBASE (1974 to March 2010) and the Chinese Databases CNKI and VIP (1976 to June 2010). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effectiveness of vitamin A in the prevention of acute LRTI in children up to seven years of age. Data collection and analysis The review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. We contacted study authors for additional information. Main results Ten studies including 33,179 participants were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or prevalence of symptoms of acute LRTI. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of acute LRTI in one study; an increase in cough and fever; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Three reported no differences and no protective effect of vitamin A. Two studies reported that vitamin A significantly reduced the incidence of acute LRTI in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but increased the incidence in healthy children. Authors' conclusions This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamin A for preventing acute LRTIs. Accordingly, vitamin A should not be given to all children to prevent acute LRTIs. Despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. Low‐dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin A. Plain language summary Vitamin A for preventing acute lower respiratory tract infections in children up to seven years of age Acute lower respiratory tract infections (LRTIs), especially pneumonia and bronchiolitis, are leading causes of mortality in children up to five years of age.  The Global Burden of Disease 2000  project estimated that the annual number of acute respiratory tract infection (ARTI)‐related deaths in children up to five years of age was 2.1 million (excluding deaths caused by measles, whooping cough and neonatal deaths). Others estimate worldwide child deaths from ARTIs at 1.9 million in 2000, 70% of them in Africa and Southeast Asia. Vitamin A deficiency is common in low‐income countries and weakens barriers to infection. We included 10 trials (33,179 children) where vitamin A deficiency or malnutrition was prevalent (31,379 in the community and 1800 in a hospital setting). Studies measured different aspects (for example, what constituted 'acute LRTI', the time to symptom resolution, etc.). There may have been other treatments (especially of malnourished children) which could have led to bias. Most studies showed no significant benefit of vitamin A supplements on the incidence or prevalence of symptoms of acute LRTIs. Although no included studies addressed adverse effects of vitamin A, the use of vitamin A should be carefully monitored. We do not recommend giving vitamin A to all children to prevent acute LRTIs because a few studies unexpectedly found that vitamin A increased the chance of infections or worsened symptoms in otherwise healthy children. Some evidence shows benefit for vitamin supplements given to children with low serum retinol or with a poor nutritional status. Limitations of our review include trials conducted within very specific populations and poor methodological quality of some of the included trials.
Polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies for treating acute rejection episodes in kidney transplant recipients; Abstract - Background Registry data shows that the incidence of acute rejection has been steadily falling. Approximately 10% to 35% of kidney recipients will undergo treatment for at least one episode of acute rejection within the first post‐transplant year. Treatment options include pulsed steroid therapy, the use of an antibody preparation, the alteration of background immunosuppression, or combinations of these options. Over recent years, new treatment strategies have evolved, and in many parts of the world there has been an increase in use of tacrolimus and mycophenolate and a reduction in the use of cyclosporin and azathioprine use as baseline immunosuppression to prevent acute rejection. There are also global variations in use of polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies to treat acute rejection. This is an update of a review published in 2006. Objectives The aim of this systematic review was to: (1) to evaluate the relative and absolute effects of different classes of antibody preparation in preventing graft loss and resolving cellular or humoral rejection episodes when used as a treatment for first episode of rejection in kidney transplant recipients; (2) evaluate the relative and absolute effects of different classes of antibody preparation in preventing graft loss and resolving cellular or humoral rejection episodes when used as a treatment for steroid‐resistant rejection in kidney transplant recipients; (3) determine how the benefits and adverse events vary for each type of antibody preparation; and (4) determine how the benefits and harms vary for different formulations of antibody within each type. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Specialised Register to 18 April 2017 through contact with the Information Specialist using search terms relevant to this review. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in all languages comparing all mono‐ and polyclonal antibody preparations, given in combination with any other immunosuppressive agents, for the treatment of cellular or humoral graft rejection, when compared to any other treatment for acute rejection were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed the risk of bias of the included studies and extracted data. Statistical analyses were performed using a random‐effects model and results expressed as risk ratio (RR) or mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included 11 new studies (18 reports, 346 participants) in this update, bring the total number of included studies to 31 (76 reports, 1680 participants). Studies were generally small, incompletely reported, especially for potential harms, and did not define outcome measures adequately. The risk of bias was inadequate or unclear risk for random sequence generation (81%), allocation concealment (87%) and other bias (87%). There were, however, a predominance of low risk of bias for blinding (75%) and incomplete outcome data (80%) across all the studies. Selective reporting had a mixture of low (58%), high (29%), and unclear (13%) risk of bias. Seventeen studies (1005 participants) compared therapies for first acute cellular rejection episodes. Antibody therapy was probably better than steroid in reversing acute cellular rejection (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.82; moderate certainty) and preventing subsequent rejection (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.99; moderate certainty), may be better for preventing graft loss (death censored: (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.12; low certainty) but there was little or no difference in death at one year. Adverse effects of treatment (including fever, chills and malaise following drug administration) were probably reduced with steroid therapy (RR 23.88, 95% CI 5.10 to 111.86; I 2  = 16%; moderate certainty). Twelve studies (576 patients) investigated antibody treatment for steroid‐resistant rejection. There was little or no benefit of muromonab‐CD3 over ATG or ALG in reversing rejection, preventing subsequent rejection, or preventing graft loss or death. Two studies compared the use of rituximab for treatment of acute humoral rejection (58 patients). Muromonab‐CD3 treated patients suffered three times more than those receiving either ATG or T10B9, from a syndrome of fever, chills and malaise following drug administration (RR 3.12, 95% CI 1.87 to 5.21; I 2  = 31%), and experienced more neurological side effects (RR 13.10 95% CI 1.43 to 120.05; I 2  = 36%) (low certainty evidence). There was no evidence of additional benefit from rituximab in terms of either reversal of rejection (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.64), or graft loss or death 12 months (RR 1.0, 95% CI 0.23 to 4.35). Rituximab plus steroids probably increases the risk of urinary tract infection/pyelonephritis (RR 5.73, 95% CI 1.80 to 18.21). Authors' conclusions In reversing first acute cellular rejection and preventing graft loss, any antibody is probably better than steroid, but there is little or no difference in subsequent rejection and patient survival. In reversing steroid‐resistant rejection there was little or no difference between different antibodies over a period of 12 months, with limited data beyond that time frame. In treating acute humoral rejection, there was no evidence that the use of antibody therapy conferred additional benefit in terms of reversal of rejection, or death or graft loss. Although this is an updated review, the majority of newer included studies provide additional evidence from the cyclosporin/azathioprine era of kidney transplantation and therefore conclusions cannot necessarily be extrapolated to patients treated with more contemporary immunosuppressive regimens which include tacrolimus/mycophenolate or sirolimus. However, many kidney transplant centres around the world continue to use older immunosuppressive regimes and the findings of this review remain strongly relevant to their clinical practice. Larger studies with standardised reproducible outcome criteria are needed to investigate the outcomes and risks of antibody treatments for acute rejection in kidney transplant recipients receiving contemporary immunosuppressive regimes. Plain language summary Polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies for treating acute rejection episodes in kidney transplant recipients What is the issue?   Kidney transplantation is the treatment of choice for most patients with end‐stage kidney disease. Strategies to increase donor organ availability and to prolong the transplanted kidney's survival have become priorities in kidney transplantation. About 10% to 35% of all kidney transplant recipients will experience one episode of acute rejection in the first year. Options for treating these episodes include pulsed steroid therapy, the use of an antibody preparation, the alteration of background immunosuppression, or combinations of these options. What did we do?   This review investigated the role of mono‐ or polyclonal antibodies in the treatment of acute cellular or acute humoral rejection in kidney transplant recipients. Thirty one studies (1680 patients) were included. What did we find?   We identified 31 studies enrolling 1680 people. Any antibody was better than steroid treatment for reversing the first acute cellular rejection episode and preventing graft loss, but showed little or difference in reversing steroid‐resistant rejection episodes. Polyclonal antibody‐treated patients were more likely to experience an immediate reaction of fever, chills and malaise than those receiving steroid treatment. Conclusions   Antibody treatment was better than steroid treatment for reversing first acute cellular rejection and preventing graft loss but this treatment was associated with a high incidence of adverse effects. The main limitation of this review is that many of the included studies were performed during the cyclosporin/azathioprine era of kidney transplantation and therefore conclusions cannot necessarily be extrapolated to patients treated with more contemporary immunosuppressive regimens which include tacrolimus/mycophenolate or sirolimus.
Wolbachia ‐carrying   Aedes mosquitoes for preventing dengue infection; Abstract - Background Dengue is a global health problem of high significance, with 3.9 billion people at risk of infection. The geographic expansion of dengue virus (DENV) infection has resulted in increased frequency and severity of the disease, and the number of deaths has increased in recent years.  Wolbachia , an intracellular bacterial endosymbiont, has been under investigation for several years as a novel dengue‐control strategy. Some dengue vectors ( Aedes  mosquitoes) can be transinfected with specific strains of  Wolbachia,  which decreases their fitness (ability to survive and mate) and their ability to reproduce, inhibiting the replication of dengue. Both laboratory and field studies have demonstrated the potential effect of  Wolbachia  deployments on reducing dengue transmission, and modelling studies have suggested that this may be a self‐sustaining strategy for dengue prevention, although long‐term effects are yet to be elucidated. Objectives To assess the efficacy of  Wolbachia ‐carrying  Aedes  species deployments (specifically  w Mel ‐ ,  w MelPop ‐ , and  w AlbB‐ strains of  Wolbachia ) for preventing dengue virus infection. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, four other databases, and two trial registries up to 24 January 2024. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including cluster‐randomized controlled trials (cRCTs), conducted in dengue endemic or epidemic‐prone settings were eligible. We sought studies that investigated the impact of  Wolbachia‐ carrying  Aedes  deployments on epidemiological or entomological dengue‐related outcomes, utilizing either the population replacement or population suppression strategy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected eligible studies, extracted data, and assessed the risk of bias using the Cochrane RoB 2 tool. We used odds ratios (OR) with the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI) as the effect measure for dichotomous outcomes. For count/rate outcomes, we planned to use the rate ratio with 95% CI as the effect measure. We used adjusted measures of effect for cRCTs. We assessed the certainty of evidence using GRADE. Main results One completed cRCT met our inclusion criteria, and we identified two further ongoing cRCTs. The included trial was conducted in an urban setting in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. It utilized a nested test‐negative study design, whereby all participants aged three to 45 years who presented at healthcare centres with a fever were enrolled in the study provided they had resided in the study area for the previous 10 nights. The trial showed that  w Mel‐ Wolbachia  infected  Ae aegypti  deployments probably reduce the odds of contracting virologically confirmed dengue by 77% (OR 0.23, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.35; 1 trial, 6306 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). The cluster‐level prevalence of  w Mel  Wolbachia‐ carrying mosquitoes remained high over two years in the intervention arm of the trial, reported as 95.8% (interquartile range 91.5 to 97.8) across 27 months in clusters receiving  w Mel‐ Wolbachia Ae aegypti  deployments, but there were no reliable comparative data for this outcome. Other primary outcomes were the incidence of virologically confirmed dengue, the prevalence of dengue ribonucleic acid in the mosquito population, and mosquito density, but there were no data for these outcomes. Additionally, there were no data on adverse events. Authors' conclusions The included trial demonstrates the potential significant impact of  w Mel‐ Wolbachia‐ carrying  Ae aegypti  mosquitoes on preventing dengue infection in an endemic setting, and supports evidence reported in non‐randomized and uncontrolled studies. Further trials across a greater diversity of settings are required to confirm whether these findings apply to other locations and country settings, and greater reporting of acceptability and cost are important. Plain language summary Does releasing  Wolbachia ‐carrying mosquitoes prevent dengue infection? Key messages – People living in areas where  Wolbachia ‐carrying  Aedes  mosquitoes have been released are less likely to contract dengue than people living in areas with no release. – People living in areas where  Wolbachia ‐carrying  Aedes  mosquitoes have been released are less likely to be admitted to hospital due to dengue than people living in areas with no release. What is dengue? Dengue is a viral disease transmitted by certain mosquitoes that is found in over 100 countries, with 3.9 billion people at risk of infection. Most dengue infections are mild (fever, headache, and muscle and joint pain), and some people do not have symptoms, but 1 in 20 people will develop a severe form of dengue. In the worst cases, this can cause organ failure and be life‐threatening. Therefore, preventing the spread of dengue virus is of high importance. What is  Wolbachia,  and how could these bacteria prevent dengue? Wolbachia  is a bacterium that can infect mosquitoes and alter their ability to survive and mate. Mosquitoes carry viruses such as dengue, and infect people with this virus through biting. Some species of mosquitoes, known as  Aedes , find it harder to carry and transmit the dengue virus when they have been infected with  Wolbachia . Researchers have microinjected  Wolbachia  extracts into mosquitoes and released  Wolbachia‐ carrying mosquitoes into the wild population, where they have bred with other mosquitoes and passed on the  Wolbachia  infection. Once a large proportion of mosquitoes in an area become infected with  Wolbachia , there is potential to reduce the mosquitoes' ability to spread dengue virus and prevent the frequency of dengue infections in the local human population.  Wolbachia  can only infect invertebrate organisms (that is, animals without a backbone), therefore, there is no risk that humans will become infected with the bacteria, and risks to humans and the environment associated with releasing  Wolbachia‐ carrying mosquitoes are believed to be minor. What did we want to find out? We wanted to determine whether releasing  Wolbachia ‐carrying  Aedes  mosquitoes into areas where dengue is regularly found could prevent dengue infection in the people who live there. What did we do? We searched for any randomized controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that investigated whether releasing  Wolbachia ‐carrying  Aedes  mosquitoes into an area where dengue is present prevented the spread or incidence of dengue, compared to areas with no releases. What did we find? We identified one completed trial that met our inclusion criteria, and two more that are ongoing. The completed trial was conducted in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, and included people aged three to 45 years. The trial involved releasing mosquito eggs that were infected with  Wolbachia  into half of the study area until more than 60% of the mosquitoes in that area were carrying  Wolbachia . There were no releases in the other half of the study area. The trial tested all people who presented at their local health facility with a fever to determine how many people had contracted dengue. They compared the results between people living in the areas where  Wolbachia ‐carrying mosquitoes were released and people living in the areas where no new mosquitoes were released over a 27‐month period. The likelihood of people who lived within the area where  Wolbachia ‐carrying mosquitoes were released contracting dengue was probably reduced by 77% compared to people who lived in an area with a wild population of mosquitoes. About 95.8% of mosquitoes in the population in the areas where  Wolbachia ‐carrying mosquitoes were released became infected with the bacteria. This demonstrates that the bacteria were being passed on to wild mosquitoes via mating after the  Wolbachia ‐infected mosquitoes were no longer being released. There were no reliable data for this in the group of the trial where no new mosquitoes were released. We also wanted to find out whether releasing the bacteria‐carrying mosquitoes into the wild reduced the number of mosquitoes that were carrying the dengue virus, reduced the prevalence of dengue RNA (the genetic material of the virus) in the mosquito population, or caused any unwanted effects. Additionally, we were interested in the cost of this intervention, and the community's views towards it. We did not find any data that answered these questions. What are the limitations of the evidence? The effectiveness of the  Wolbachia  strategy will likely depend on factors that are specific to the location in which it is implemented, such as the climate, prevalence of dengue infection, existing vector control strategies, or community views towards the strategy. The ability to successfully achieve and sustain a high prevalence of  Wolbachia‐ carrying mosquitoes in the population is critical to the effectiveness of the intervention, and this may vary in different settings. Since we only identified one completed trial, we do not know if these results will apply to other settings and countries. How up to date is this evidence? This evidence is up to date to 24 January 2024.
Surgical versus non‐surgical management for pleural empyema; Abstract - Background Empyema refers to pus in the pleural space, commonly due to adjacent pneumonia, chest wall injury, or a complication of thoracic surgery. A range of therapeutic options are available for its management, ranging from percutaneous aspiration and intercostal drainage to video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) or thoracotomy drainage. Intrapleural fibrinolytics may also be administered following intercostal drain insertion to facilitate pleural drainage. There is currently a lack of consensus regarding optimal treatment. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of surgical versus non‐surgical treatments for complicated parapneumonic effusion or pleural empyema. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2016, Issue 9), MEDLINE (Ebscohost) (1946 to July week 3 2013, July 2015 to October 2016) and MEDLINE (Ovid) (1 May 2013 to July week 1 2015), Embase (2010 to October 2016), CINAHL (1981 to October 2016) and LILACS (1982 to October 2016) on 20 October 2016. We searched ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform for ongoing studies (December 2016). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials that compared a surgical with a non‐surgical method of management for all age groups with pleural empyema. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data, and checked the data for accuracy. We contacted trial authors for additional information. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 391 participants. Six trials focused on children and two on adults. Trials compared tube thoracostomy drainage (non‐surgical), with or without intrapleural fibrinolytics, to either VATS or thoracotomy (surgical) for the management of pleural empyema. Assessment of risk of bias for the included studies was generally unclear for selection and blinding but low for attrition and reporting bias. Data analyses compared thoracotomy versus tube thoracostomy and VATS versus tube thoracostomy. We pooled data for meta‐analysis where appropriate. We performed a subgroup analysis for children along with a sensitivity analysis for studies that used fibrinolysis in non‐surgical treatment arms. The comparison of open thoracotomy versus thoracostomy drainage included only one study in children, which reported no deaths in either treatment arm. However, the trial showed a statistically significant reduction in mean hospital stay of 5.90 days for those treated with primary thoracotomy. It also showed a statistically significant reduction in procedural complications for those treated with thoracotomy compared to thoracostomy drainage. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for length of hospital stay and procedural complications outcomes to moderate due to the small sample size. The comparison of VATS versus thoracostomy drainage included seven studies, which we pooled in a meta‐analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in mortality or procedural complications between groups. This was true for both adults and children with or without fibrinolysis. However, mortality data were limited: one study reported one death in each treatment arm, and seven studies reported no deaths. There was a statistically significant reduction in mean length of hospital stay for those treated with VATS. The subgroup analysis showed the same result in adults, but there was insufficient evidence to estimate an effect for children. We could not perform a separate analysis for fibrinolysis for this outcome because all included studies used fibrinolysis in the non‐surgical arms. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low for mortality (due to wide confidence intervals and indirectness), and moderate for other outcomes in this comparison due to either high heterogeneity or wide confidence intervals. Authors' conclusions Our findings suggest there is no statistically significant difference in mortality between primary surgical and non‐surgical management of pleural empyema for all age groups. Video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery may reduce length of hospital stay compared to thoracostomy drainage alone. There was insufficient evidence to assess the impact of fibrinolytic therapy. A number of common outcomes were reported in the included studies that were not directly examined in our primary and secondary outcomes. These included duration of chest tube drainage, duration of fever, analgesia requirement, and total cost of treatment. Future studies focusing on patient‐centred outcomes, such as patient functional scores, and other clinically relevant outcomes, such as radiographic improvement, treatment failure rates, and amount of fluid drainage, are needed to inform clinical decisions. Plain language summary Surgical versus non‐surgical treatment for pus in the space around the lungs Review question We investigated if there was a difference in outcomes for patients who develop pus in the space around the lungs (empyema) among those who had surgical treatment and people who had non‐surgical treatment. We looked for differences in proportions of children and adults who survived, time in hospital, and complications from treatments. Background Pus can form in the space around the lungs as a result of pneumonia, complication of chest wall trauma, or surgery. Solid divisions, called loculations, can form within the pus. The infection does not usually improve with antibiotic treatment alone. There are several surgical and non‐surgical treatments. Non‐surgical treatments include draining pus using a needle inserted through the chest wall (thoracentesis) or by inserting a tube through the chest wall to drain infection (thoracostomy). If a chest tube is inserted, drugs can be injected into the space around the lungs to break down the divisions. This is called fibrinolysis. Non‐surgical treatments can cause harms, including air in the space around the lungs, damage to chest tissue, or lungs filling with fluid as they re‐expand. Surgical treatment involves either opening the chest cavity and clearing out the infection (thoracotomy) or clearing out infection through small cuts on the chest wall with the aid of a camera, known as video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS). A chest tube drains any fluids after surgery. Risks from surgery include air in the space around the lungs, rib pain, and anaesthetic complications. Search date The evidence is current to October 2016. Study characteristics We included eight trials with a total of 391 participants. Six trials focused on children and two on adults. The trials compared chest tube drainage (non‐surgical), with or without fibrinolysis, to either VATS or thoracotomy (surgical). Study funding sources Two studies declared no financial conflicts of interest; the remaining six studies did not report funding source. Key results There was no difference in the proportion of patients of all ages who survived empyema in relation to surgical or non‐surgical treatment. However, this finding was based on limited data: one study reported one death with each treatment option, and seven studies reported no deaths. There was no difference in rates of complications between patients treated with surgical or non‐surgical options. There was limited evidence to suggest that VATS reduced length of stay in hospital compared to non‐surgical treatments. Quality of evidence The quality of the evidence was moderate overall. The main limitations were few included studies for each analysis and inconsistencies among studies.
Chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy plus radiotherapy for adults with early stage Hodgkin lymphoma; Abstract - Background Combined modality treatment consisting of chemotherapy followed by localised radiotherapy is the standard treatment for patients with early stage Hodgkin lymphoma (HL). However, due to long‐ term adverse effects such as secondary malignancies the role of radiotherapy has been questioned recently and some clinical study groups advocate chemotherapy only for this indication. Objectives To assess the effects of chemotherapy alone compared to chemotherapy plus radiotherapy in adults with early stage HL . Search methods For the or i ginal version of this review, we searched MEDLINE, Embase and CENTRAL as well as conference proceedings (American Society of Hematology, American Society of Clinical Oncology and International Symposium of Hodgkin Lymphoma) from January 1980 to November 2010 for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy regimens plus radiotherapy. For the updated review we searched MEDLINE, CENTRAL and conference proceedings to December 2016. Selection criteria We included RCTs comparing chemotherapy alone with chemotherapy plus radiotherapy in patients with early stage HL. We excluded trials with more than 20% of patients in advanced stage. As the value of radiotherapy in addition to chemotherapy is still not clear, we also compared to more cycles of chemotherapy in the control arm. In this updated review, we also included a second comparison evaluating trials with varying numbers of cycles of chemotherapy between intervention and control arms, same chemotherapy regimen in both arms assumed. We excluded trials evaluating children only, therefore only trials involving adults are included in this updated review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. We contacted study authors to obtain missing information. As effect measures we used hazard ratios (HR) for overall survival (OS) and progression‐free survival (PFS) and risk ratios (RR) for response rates. Since not all trials reported PFS according to our definitions, we evaluated all similar outcomes (e.g. event‐free survival) as PFS/tumour control. Main results Our search led to 5518 potentially relevant references. From these, we included seven RCTs in the analyses involving 2564 patients. In contrast to the first version of this review including five trials, we excluded trials randomising children. As a result, we excluded one trial from the former analyses and we identified three new trials. Five trials with 1388 patients compared the combination of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy, with the same number of chemotherapy cycles in both arms. The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy has probably little or no difference on OS (HR 0.48; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 1.06; P = 0.07,  moderate‐ quality evidence ), however two included trials had potential other high risk of bias due to a high number of patients not receiving planned radiotherapy. After excluding these trials in a sensitivity analysis, the results showed that the combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy improved OS compared to chemotherapy alone (HR 0.31; 95% CI 0.19 to 0.52; P <0.00001,  moderate‐ quality evidence ). In contrast to chemotherapy alone the use of chemotherapy and radiotherapy improved PFS (HR 0.42; 95% CI 0.25 to 0.72; P = 0.001;  moderate‐ quality evidence ). Regarding infection‐ related mortality (RR 0.33; 95% CI 0.01 to 8.06; P = 0.5;  low‐ quality evidence ), second cancer‐ related mortality (RR 0.53; 95% CI 0.07 to 4.29; P = 0.55;  low‐ quality evidence ) and cardiac disease‐ related mortality (RR 2.94; 95% CI 0.31 to 27.55; P = 0.35; low‐ quality evidence ), there is no evidence for a difference between the use of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy. For complete response rate (CRR) (RR 1.08; 95% CI 0.93 to 1.25; P = 0.33;  low‐ quality evidence ), there is also no evidence for a difference between treatment groups. Two trials with 1176 patients compared the combination of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy, with different numbers of chemotherapy cycles in both arms. OS is reported in one trial only, the use of chemotherapy alone (more chemotherapy cycles) may improve OS compared to chemotherapy plus radiotherapy (HR 2.12; 95% CI 1.03 to 4.37; P = 0.04;  low‐ quality evidence ). This trial also had a potential other high risk of bias due to a high number of patients not receiving planned therapy. There is no evidence for a difference between chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy regarding PFS (HR 0.42; 95% CI 0.14 to 1.24; P = 0.12;  low‐ quality evidence ). After excluding the trial with patients not receiving the planned therapy in a sensitivity analysis, the results showed that the combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy improved PFS compared to chemotherapy alone (HR 0.24; 95% CI 0.070 to 0.88; P = 0.03, based on one trial). For infection‐ related mortality (RR 6.90; 95% CI 0.36 to 132.34; P = 0.2;  low‐ quality evidence ), second cancer‐ related mortality (RR 2.22; 95% CI 0.7 to 7.03; P = 0.18;  low‐ quality evidence ) and cardiac disease‐related mortality (RR 0.99; 95% CI 0.14 to 6.90; P = 0.99;  low‐quality evidence ), there is no evidence for a difference between the use of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy. CRR rate was not reported. Authors' conclusions This systematic review compared the effects of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy in adults with early stage HL . For the comparison with same numbers of chemotherapy cycles in both arms, we found  moderate‐ quality evidence  that PFS is superior in patients receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapy than in those receiving chemotherapy alone. The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy has probably little or no difference on OS . The sensitivity analysis without the trials with potential other high risk of bias showed that chemotherapy plus radiotherapy improves OS compared to chemotherapy alone. For the comparison with different numbers of chemotherapy cycles between the arms there are no implications for OS and PFS possible, because of the low quality of evidence of the results. Plain language summary Treatment of early stage Hodgkin lymphoma Background Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) is a malignancy of the lymphatic system. It occurs in children and adults, but it is more common in the third decade of life. It is one of the most curable forms of cancer. There are four stages of HL, stages I and II are considered as early stage HL and stages III and IV as advanced stage. Using risk factors such as presence or absence of bulky disease and presence or absence of B‐symptoms, like night sweats or fever, early stage HL is further classified into early favourable and early unfavourable stages. Treatment options are chemotherapy, radiotherapy or both. Radiotherapy may have, more treatment‐ related side effects than chemotherapy, including second malignancies; this applies at least to the large treatment fields used in the past. However, with modern, very limited treatment fields, the risks of long‐term side effects caused by radiotherapy have been reduced significantly. Review question This systematic review compares overall survival (OS) and progression free survival (PFS) in adults with early stage HL after receiving chemotherapy alone or chemotherapy plus radiotherapy. Study characteristics We searched important medical databases such as the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and MEDLINE. Two review authors independently screened, summarised and analysed the results. This led to the inclusion of seven randomised controlled trials involving with 2564 patients. The evidence provided is current to December 2016. Key results For the comparison of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy with the same number of chemotherapy cycles in both arms, this systematic review found no evidence for a difference regarding OS between the interventions, however, two included trials had potential other high risk of bias due to a high number of patients not receiving radiotherapy as planned beforehand. After excluding these trials in a further analysis, OS was superior in adults receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapy than in those receiving chemotherapy alone. PFS was also superior in adults receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapy. Most trials reported adverse events (AEs), but in different ways. Because of insufficient comparable data we focused on adverse events considered of particular interest. For infection‐ related mortality, second cancer‐ related mortality and cardiac disease‐ related mortality, there was no evidence for a difference between treatment groups. For complete response rate (CRR) there was no evidence for a difference between treatment groups either. For the comparison of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy with different numbers of chemotherapy cycles in the arms, OS was reported in one trial only. The use of chemotherapy alone may improve OS compared to chemotherapy plus radiotherapy. There was no evidence for a difference between treatment groups regarding PFS. After excluding one trial with patients not receiving the planned therapy the results showed that chemotherapy plus radiotherapy improved PFS. For infection‐ related mortality, second cancer‐ related mortality and cardiac disease‐ related mortality, there is no evidence for a difference between treatment groups. CR was not reported. Quality of evidence For the same number of chemotherapy cycles in both arms, we judged the quality of evidence for OS and PFS as moderate, for AEs and CR as low. For different numbers of chemotherapy cycles in the arms, we considered the quality of evidence for OS, PFS and AEs to be low. Conclusion This systematic review compared the effects of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy in adults with early stage HL . For the comparison with same numbers of chemotherapy cycles in both arms we found moderate‐ quality evidence that PFS is superior in patients receiving chemotherapy plus radiotherapy than in those receiving chemotherapy alone. The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy has probably little or no difference on OS. A further analysis without the trials with potential other high risk of bias showed that chemotherapy plus radiotherapy improves OS (both analyses moderate‐ quality evidence). For the comparison of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy with different numbers of chemotherapy cycles between the arms there were no implications for OS and PFS possible, because of the low quality of evidence of the results.
Antibiotics to prevent complications following tooth extractions; Abstract - Background The most frequent indications for tooth extractions, generally performed by general dental practitioners, are dental caries and periodontal infections. Systemic antibiotics may be prescribed to patients undergoing extractions to prevent complications due to infection. This is an update of a review first published in 2012. Objectives To determine the effect of systemic antibiotic prophylaxis on the prevention of infectious complications following tooth extractions. Search methods Cochrane Oral Health’s Information Specialist searched the following databases: Cochrane Oral Health Trials Register (to 16 April 2020), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (the Cochrane Library, 2020, Issue 3), MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to 16 April 2020), Embase Ovid (1980 to 16 April 2020), and LILACS (1982 to 16 April 2020). The US National Institutes of Health Trials Registry (ClinicalTrials.gov )  and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform were searched for ongoing trials. No restrictions were placed on the language or date of publication when searching the electronic databases. Selection criteria We included randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials of systemic antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing tooth extraction(s) for any indication. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently performed data extraction and 'Risk of bias' assessment for the included studies. We contacted trial authors for further details where these were unclear. For dichotomous outcomes, we calculated risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using random‐effects models. For continuous outcomes, we used mean differences (MD) with 95% CI using random‐effects models. We examined potential sources of heterogeneity. We assessed the certainty of the body of evidence for key outcomes as high, moderate, low, or very low, using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 23 trials that randomised approximately 3206 participants (2583 analysed) to prophylactic antibiotics or placebo. Although general dentists perform dental extractions because of severe dental caries or periodontal infection, only one of the trials evaluated the role of antibiotic prophylaxis in groups of patients affected by those clinical conditions. We assessed 16 trials as being at high risk of bias, three at low risk, and four as unclear.  Compared to placebo, antibiotics may reduce the risk of postsurgical infectious complications in patients undergoing third molar extractions by approximately 66% (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.64; 1728 participants; 12 studies; low‐certainty evidence), which means that 19 people (95% CI 15 to 34) need to be treated with antibiotics to prevent one infection following extraction of impacted wisdom teeth. Antibiotics may also reduce the risk of dry socket by 34% (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.97; 1882 participants; 13 studies; low‐certainty evidence), which means that 46 people (95% CI 29 to 62) need to take antibiotics to prevent one case of dry socket following extraction of impacted wisdom teeth. The evidence for our other outcomes is uncertain: pain, whether measured dichotomously as presence or absence (RR 0.59, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.12; 675 participants; 3 studies) or continuously using a visual analogue scale (0‐to‐10‐centimetre scale, where 0 is no pain) (MD −0.26, 95% CI −0.59 to 0.07; 422 participants; 4 studies); fever (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.79; 475 participants; 4 studies); and adverse effects, which were mild and transient (RR 1.46, 95% CI 0.81 to 2.64; 1277 participants; 8 studies) (very low‐certainty evidence).  We found no clear evidence that the timing of antibiotic administration (preoperative, postoperative, or both) was important. The included studies enrolled a subset of patients undergoing dental extractions, that is healthy people who had surgical extraction of third molars. Consequently, the results of this review may not be generalisable to all people undergoing tooth extractions. Authors' conclusions The vast majority (21 out of 23) of the trials included in this review included only healthy patients undergoing extraction of impacted third molars, often performed by oral surgeons. None of the studies evaluated tooth extraction in immunocompromised patients. We found low‐certainty evidence that prophylactic antibiotics may reduce the risk of infection and dry socket following third molar extraction when compared to placebo, and very low‐certainty evidence of no increase in the risk of adverse effects. On average, treating 19 healthy patients with prophylactic antibiotics may stop one person from getting an infection. It is unclear whether the evidence in this review is generalisable to patients with concomitant illnesses or patients at a higher risk of infection. Due to the increasing prevalence of bacteria that are resistant to antibiotic treatment, clinicians should evaluate if and when to prescribe prophylactic antibiotic therapy before a dental extraction for each patient on the basis of the patient's clinical conditions (healthy or affected by systemic pathology) and level of risk from infective complications. Immunocompromised patients, in particular, need an individualised approach in consultation with their treating medical specialist.  Plain language summary Are antibiotics an effective way to prevent infection following tooth removal? What is the problem? Teeth that are affected by decay or gum disease or painful wisdom teeth are often removed (extracted) by dentists. Tooth extraction is a surgical procedure that leaves a wound in the mouth that can become infected. Infection can lead to swelling, pain, development of pus, fever, as well as ‘dry socket’ (where the tooth socket is not filled by a blood clot, and there is severe pain and bad odour). These complications are unpleasant for patients and may cause difficulty with chewing, speaking, and teeth cleaning, and may even result in days off work or study. Treatment of infection is generally simple and involves drainage of the infection from the wound and patients receiving antibiotics. Why is this question important? Antibiotics work by killing the bacteria that cause infections, or by slowing their growth. However, some infections clear up by themselves. Taking antibiotics unnecessarily may stop them working effectively in future. This ‘antimicrobial resistance’ is a growing problem throughout the world. Antibiotics may also cause unwanted effects such as diarrhoea and nausea. Some patients may be allergic to antibiotics, and antibiotics may not mix well with other medicines. Dentists frequently give patients antibiotics at the time of the extraction as a precaution in order to prevent infection occurring in the first place. This may be unnecessary and may lead to unwanted effects. What did we want to find out? We wanted to know whether giving antibiotics as a preventive measure reduces infection and other complications after tooth extraction. We also wanted to understand whether antibiotics work differently in healthy people compared with people with health conditions such as diabetes or HIV. What did we do? We searched for studies that assessed the effectiveness of antibiotics compared to placebo (sham medicine), given when no infection was present in order to prevent infection following tooth extraction. Studies could include people of any age undergoing tooth extraction. Where possible, we pooled the studies’ results and analysed them together. We also assessed the quality of each study to judge the reliability (certainty) of evidence of individual studies and the body of evidence. What we found We found 23 included studies with a total of more than 3200 participants, who received either antibiotics (of different kinds and dosages) or placebo immediately before or just after tooth extraction, or both. Four studies were conducted in Spain, three each in Brazil, Sweden, and the UK, two in India, and one each in Colombia, Denmark, Finland, France, Poland, New Zealand, Nigeria, and the USA. All but one study included healthy patients in their 20s. Twenty‐one studies assessed the removal of wisdom teeth in hospital dental departments, one assessed the removal of other teeth and one assessed complex oral surgery. None of the included studies assessed tooth extraction in general dental practice for the removal of decayed teeth. Main results Antibiotics given just before or just after surgery (or both) may reduce the risk of infection and dry socket after the removal of wisdom teeth by oral surgeons. However, antibiotics may cause more (generally brief and minor) unwanted effects for these patients. We found no evidence that antibiotics prevent pain, fever, swelling, or problems with restricted mouth opening in patients who have had wisdom teeth removed. There was no evidence to judge the effects of preventive antibiotics for extractions of severely decayed teeth, teeth in diseased gums, or extractions in patients who are sick or have low immunity to infection. How reliable are the results? Our confidence in the results is limited because we had concerns about aspects of the design and reporting of all of the included studies. What does this mean? We did not find studies in patients with depressed immune systems, other illnesses, or in young children or older patients, therefore the results of our review probably do not apply to people who may be at high risk of infection. Also, extractions were mainly carried out by oral surgeons, so the review may not apply to dentists working in general practice. Another concern, which cannot be assessed by clinical studies (i.e. studies testing new medical approaches in people), is that widespread use of antibiotics by people who do not have an infection is likely to contribute to the development of antimicrobial resistance. We concluded that antibiotics given to healthy people when they are having teeth extracted may help prevent infection, but the decision to use an antibiotic should be judged on an individual patient basis based on their state of health and possible complications of getting an infection. How up‐to‐date is this review? This is an updated review. The evidence is current to April 2020.
Sildenafil citrate for erectile dysfunction in patients with multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Erectile dysfunction (ED) is a common sexual disease in male patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Sildenafil citrate is considered as an effective drug in the treatment of male ED in the general population, but it has not been systematically reviewed in patients with MS. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of sildenafil citrate for ED in patients with MS. Search methods We searched the Cochrane (November 2011), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library , Issue 4 of 4, 2011), MEDLINE (PubMed) (January 1966 to November 2011), EMBASE (January 1974 to November 2011) and the China Biological Medicine Database (CBM) (1979 to November 2011). We searched trials registers and conference proceedings and contacted pharmaceutical company and authors of included studies for additional data. There were no language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing sildenafil citrate with placebo or no treatment for ED in patients with MS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected articles for inclusion, extracted data and assessed trial quality. Disagreements were resolved by discussion between review authors. Authors of included studies were contacted for additional information. Results were presented as relative risks (RR) or mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Two randomised controlled trials involving a total of 420 patients were identified. Both trials investigated the short‐term efficacy and safety of sildenafil citrate for ED in patients with MS. Patients taking sildenafil citrate were more likely to improve their ability to achieve and maintain an erection measured by International Index of Erectile Function and achieve vaginal penetration ( (RR 1.28, 95%CI 0.92 to 1.78) and complete intercourse measured by Sexual Encounter Profile diary (RR RR 1.38, 95%CI 1.00 to 1.90). and receive A global well respond measured by Global Assessment Question (RR 2.72, 95%CI 1.40 to 5.28) was reported. One trial showed sildenafil citrate is effective in quality of life improvement, while the other trial did not find any significant difference between both groups. Both included trials were judged as high risk of attrition bias. Adverse events were also reported: the most common were headache, flushing, rhinitis, visual disturbances and dyspepsia. Two patients suffered serious adverse events: one with coronary artery disease requiring triple bypass surgery and one with a cerebrovascular accident. Authors' conclusions There is limited evidence to support sildenafil citrate as an effective treatment for ED in patients with MS. Future well designed randomised, double blinded, placebo‐controlled trials with long‐term duration are needed. Plain language summary Treatments with Viagra (Sildenafil citrate)  for erectile dysfunction in male patients aged more than 18 years old with multiple sclerosis Erectile dysfunction (ED) is a common sexual disease in male patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Viagra (Sildenafil citrate) is considered as an effective drug for  the treatment of ED in the general population, but it has not been systematically reviewed in patients with MS. This review tried to assess its efficacy and safety in patients with MS. Among the pertinent literature, two studies, involving a total of 420 ED patients with MS, were identified. Both trials compared orally administered Viagra versus placebo up to 4‐12 weeks. The authors find limited evidence to support Viagra as an effective treatment to improve erectile function and quality of life at a short‐term follow up. Adverse events were also reported: the most common were headache, flushing, rhinitis, visual disturbances and dyspepsia, but two patients suffered serious adverse events during Viagra treatment including one with coronary artery disease requiring triple bypass surgery and one with a cerebrovascular accident.
Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for chronic non‐cancer pain in children and adolescents; Abstract - Background Pain is a common feature of childhood and adolescence around the world, and for many young people, that pain is chronic. The World Health Organization guidelines for pharmacological treatments for children's persisting pain acknowledge that pain in children is a major public health concern of high significance in most parts of the world. While in the past pain was largely dismissed and was frequently left untreated, views on children's pain have changed over time, and relief of pain is now seen as important. We designed a suite of seven reviews on chronic non‐cancer pain and cancer pain (looking at antidepressants, antiepileptic drugs, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, opioids, and paracetamol) in order to review the evidence for children's pain utilising pharmacological interventions. As the leading cause of morbidity in the world today, chronic disease (and its associated pain) is a major health concern. Chronic pain (that is pain lasting three months or longer) can arise in the paediatric population in a variety of pathophysiological classifications (nociceptive, neuropathic, or idiopathic) from genetic conditions, nerve damage pain, chronic musculoskeletal pain, and chronic abdominal pain, as well as for other unknown reasons. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are used to treat pain, reduce fever, and for their anti‐inflammation properties. They are commonly used within paediatric pain management. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs are currently licensed for use in Western countries, however they are not approved for infants under three months old. The main adverse effects include renal impairment and gastrointestinal issues. Common side effects in children include diarrhoea, headache, nausea, constipation, rash, dizziness, and abdominal pain. Objectives To assess the analgesic efficacy and adverse events of NSAIDs used to treat chronic non‐cancer pain in children and adolescents aged between birth and 17 years, in any setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) via the Cochrane Register of Studies Online, MEDLINE via Ovid, and Embase via Ovid from inception to 6 September 2016. We also searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews, as well as online clinical trial registries. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, with or without blinding, of any dose and any route, treating chronic non‐cancer pain in children and adolescents, comparing any NSAID with placebo or an active comparator. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for eligibility. We planned to use dichotomous data to calculate risk ratio and number needed to treat for one additional event, using standard methods. We assessed GRADE and created three 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results We included seven studies with a total of 1074 participants (aged 2 to 18 years) with chronic juvenile polyarthritis or chronic juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. All seven studies compared an NSAID with an active comparator. None of the studies were placebo controlled. No two studies investigated the same type of NSAID compared with another. We were unable to perform a meta‐analysis. Risk of bias varied. For randomisation and allocation concealment, one study was low risk and six studies were unclear risk. For blinding of participants and personnel, three studies were low risk and four studies were unclear to high risk. For blinding of outcome assessors, all studies were unclear risk. For attrition, four studies were low risk and three studies were unclear risk. For selective reporting, four studies were low risk, two studies were unclear risk ,  and one study was high risk. For size, three studies were unclear risk and four studies were high risk. For other potential sources of bias, seven studies were low risk. Primary outcomes Three studies reported participant‐reported pain relief of 30% or greater, showing no statistically significant difference in pain scores between meloxicam and naproxen, celecoxib and naproxen, or rofecoxib and naproxen (P > 0.05) (low‐quality evidence). One study reported participant‐reported pain relief of 50% or greater, showing no statistically significant difference in pain scores between low‐dose meloxicam (0.125 mg/kg) and high‐dose meloxicam (0.25 mg/kg) when compared to naproxen 10 mg/kg (P > 0.05) (low ‐ quality evidence). One study reported Patient Global Impression of Change, showing 'very much improved' in 85% of ibuprofen and 90% of aspirin participants (low‐quality evidence). Secondary outcomes Participants reporting an adverse event (one or more per person) by drug were: aspirin 85/202; fenoprofen 28/49; ibuprofen 40/45; indomethacin 9/30; ketoprofen 9/30; meloxicam 18/47; naproxen 44/202; and rofecoxib 47/209 (seven studies) (very low‐quality evidence). Participants withdrawn due to an adverse event by drug were: aspirin 16/120; celecoxib 10/159; fenoprofen 0/49; ibuprofen 0/45; indomethacin 0/30; ketoprofen 0/30; meloxicam 10/147; naproxen 17/285; and rofecoxib 3/209 (seven studies) (very low‐quality evidence). Participants experiencing a serious adverse event by drug were: aspirin 13/120; celecoxib 5/159; fenoprofen 0/79; ketoprofen 0/30; ibuprofen 4/45; indomethacin 0/30; meloxicam 11/147; naproxen 10/285; and rofecoxib 0/209 (seven studies) (very low‐quality evidence). There were too few or no data for our remaining secondary outcomes: Carer Global Impression of Change; requirement for rescue analgesia; sleep duration and quality; acceptability of treatment; physical functioning as defined by validated scales; and quality of life as defined by validated scales. Quality of evidence We downgraded the low‐quality outcomes twice due to serious study limitations (risk of bias) and imprecision. We downgraded the very‐low quality outcomes three times due to too few data, or the fact that the number of events was too small to be meaningful, or both. Authors' conclusions We identified only a small number of studies, with insufficient data for analysis. As we could undertake no meta‐analysis, we are unable to comment about efficacy or harm from the use of NSAIDs to treat chronic non‐cancer pain in children and adolescents. Similarly, we cannot comment on our remaining secondary outcomes: Carer Global Impression of Change; requirement for rescue analgesia; sleep duration and quality; acceptability of treatment; physical functioning; and quality of life. We know from adult randomised controlled trials that some NSAIDs, such as ibuprofen, naproxen, and aspirin, can be effective in certain chronic pain conditions. Plain language summary Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for chronic non‐cancer pain in children and adolescents Bottom line We are uncertain as to whether NSAIDs can provide pain relief for chronic non‐cancer pain in children or adolescents. Background Children can experience chronic or recurrent pain related to genetic conditions, nerve damage, muscle or bone pain, stomach pain, or from unknown reasons. Chronic pain is pain that lasts three months or longer and is commonly accompanied by changes in lifestyle and functional abilities, as well as by signs and symptoms of depression and anxiety. Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs are used to treat pain or reduce fever, and are commonly used in children. They include over‐the‐counter medications such as ibuprofen, aspirin, and naproxen, as well as prescription‐only drugs. NSAIDs are currently licensed for use in Western countries, but are not approved for infants under three months old. The key side effects of NSAIDs are kidney failure and stomach problems. Other common side effects in children include diarrhoea, headache, nausea, constipation, rash, dizziness, flatulence, stomach pain, and indigestion. Study characteristics In September 2016 we searched for clinical trials where NSAIDs were used to treat chronic pain. We found seven trials (with a total of 1074 participants, aged 2 to 18 years) with chronic juvenile polyarthritis or chronic juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, which they had for more than 3 months. Key results The studies looked at different comparisons of aspirin, celecoxib, fenoprofen, ibuprofen, indomethacin, ketoprofen, meloxicam, naproxen, and rofecoxib. No studies compared NSAIDs with placebo. We could not compare these drugs, or the pain results, as the studies all investigated different types of NSAIDs. Side effects were common, with children reporting problems with aspirin (85 out of 202 participants), fenoprofen (28 out of 49), ibuprofen (40 out of 45), indomethacin (9 out of 30), ketoprofen (9 out of 30), meloxicam (18 out of 47), naproxen (44 out of 202), and rofecoxib (47 out of 209). Quality of the evidence We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low‐quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High‐quality evidence means that we are very confident in the results. Overall, the available evidence was low or very low quality due to a lack of data and some problems with the conduct of some studies .
Interleukin‐2 as maintenance therapy for children and adults with acute myeloid leukaemia in first complete remission; Abstract - Background Acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) is a malignant cancer of hematopoietic stem cells. The treatment of AML consists of two treatment phases: the remission induction phase to achieve a rapid, complete remission (CR) and the consolidation phase to achieve a durable molecular remission. People in CR are at risk of AML relapse, and people with relapsed AML have poor survival prospects. Thus, there is a continuous need for treatments to further improve prognosis. Interleukin‐2 (IL‐2), an immune‐stimulatory cytokine, is an alternative to standard treatment for people with AML to maintain the efficacy after consolidation therapy. Maintenance therapy is not an integral part of the standard treatment for AML. Studies have been conducted to evaluate the efficacy of IL‐2 as maintenance therapy for people with AML in first CR, but the effect of IL‐2 is not yet fully established. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of IL‐2 as maintenance therapy for children and adults with AML who have achieved first CR and have not relapsed. Search methods We systematically searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (Cochrane Library 2015, Issue 8), MEDLINE (1950 to August 2015), EMBASE (1950 to August 2015), LILACS (1982 to August 2015), CBM (1978 to August 2015), relevant conference proceedings (2000 to 2015), and metaRegister of Controlled Trials (since inception to August 2015) of ongoing and unpublished trials. In addition, we screened the reference lists of relevant trials and reviews. Selection criteria Eligible studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IL‐2 with no treatment in people with AML who had achieved first CR and had not relapsed. We did not identify studies comparing IL‐2 versus best supportive care or maintenance chemotherapy or studies comparing IL‐2 plus maintenance chemotherapy versus maintenance chemotherapy alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies, extracted data with a predefined extraction form, and assessed risk of bias of included studies. We extracted data on the following outcomes: disease‐free survival, overall survival, event‐free survival, treatment‐related mortality, adverse events, and quality of life. We measured the treatment effect on time‐to‐event outcomes and dichotomous outcomes with hazard ratio (HR) and risk ratio, respectively. We used inverse‐variance method to combine HRs with fixed‐effect model unless there was significant between‐study heterogeneity. Main results We included nine RCTs with a total of 1665 participants, comparing IL‐2 with no treatment. Six studies included adult participants, and three studies included both adults and children. However, the latter three studies did not report data for children, thus we were unable to conduct subgroup analysis of children. One Chinese study did not report any outcomes of interest for this review. We included six trials involving 1426 participants in the meta‐analysis on disease‐free survival, and included five trials involving 1355 participants in the meta‐analysis on overall survival. There is no evidence for difference between IL‐2 group and no‐treatment group regarding disease‐free survival (HR 0.95; 95% CI 0.86 to 1.06, P = 0.37; quality of evidence: low) or overall survival (HR 1.05; 95% CI 0.95 to 1.16, P = 0.35; quality of evidence: moderate). Based on one trial of 161 participants, IL‐2 exerted no effect on event‐free survival (HR 1.02; 95% CI 0.79 to 1.32, P = 0.88; quality of evidence: low). Adverse events (including thrombocytopenia, neutropenia, malaise/fatigue, and infection/fever) were more frequent in participants receiving IL‐2, according to one trial of 308 participants. No mortality due to adverse events was reported. None of the included studies reported treatment‐related mortality or quality of life. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence for a difference between IL‐2 maintenance therapy and no treatment with respect to disease‐free survival or overall survival of people with AML in first CR; however, the quality of the evidence is moderate or low, and further research is likely or very likely to have an important impact on the estimate or our confidence in the estimate. Adverse events seem to be more frequent in participants treated with IL‐2, but the quality of the evidence is very low and our confidence in the estimates is very uncertain. Thus, further prospective randomised trials are needed before definitive conclusions can be drawn on these issues. Plain language summary The role of interleukin‐2 as maintenance therapy in children and adults with acute myeloid leukaemia in first complete remission Background Acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) is a malignant cancer of blood cells. Most people with AML are subjected to chemotherapy or bone marrow transplantation to eliminate cancer cells. In response to these treatments, people might achieve complete remission (CR), the status without cancer cells in blood and signs of blood cancer. Although the disease is well controlled at the beginning of the treatment, AML may return, progress again, and result in unsatisfactory life expectancy. People in CR still need to receive further treatment. Interleukin‐2 (IL‐2) is an alternative as maintenance therapy to maintain the curative effect and deter disease progression. Clinical results have been published comparing the use of IL‐2 and no maintenance therapy in people who had achieved CR, but the effect of IL‐2 remains unclear. Review question The aim of this review is to assess and summarise any scientific studies that focus on the efficacy and harmful effect of IL‐2 as maintenance therapy for children and adults with AML who have achieved first CR and have not relapsed. Study characteristics We searched all databases for relevant studies published between January 1950 and August 2015 and identified 679 citations. We included nine studies involving 1665 participants. These trials enrolled from 24 to 528 participants between 1991 and 2008, with a median follow‐up period of 2.4 to 8.3 years. Participants were aged from 0 to more than 60 years old. Six studies included adult participants; the other three included both adults and children. However, the latter three studies did not report data for children, so we were unable to conduct subgroup analysis of children. One Chinese study did not report any outcomes of interest for this review. Funding sources of these trials were mainly national institutes or organisations. Participants in the treatment group received IL‐2 maintenance therapy, and participants in the control group received no further treatment. We did not identify studies comparing IL‐2 with maintenance chemotherapy or comparing IL‐2 plus maintenance chemotherapy with maintenance chemotherapy alone. The evidence is current to August 2015. Key results We analysed the data with respect to the effect of IL‐2 on disease‐free survival (the time interval from the date of remission to leukaemic relapse or death from any cause) and overall survival (the time between when participants entered the study and when they died) compared with no treatment. We found no evidence for difference in disease‐free survival or overall survival between the IL‐2 group and the control group. Another outcome we considered was event‐free survival (the time interval from the date of randomisation or entry into study to treatment failure, first relapse, or death from any cause), and found that IL‐2 did not extend the event‐free survival. None of the included studies analysed treatment‐related mortality or quality of life. We also looked at whether IL‐2 treatment resulted in any adverse events. We found that very low quality evidence that adverse events were more common in participants receiving IL‐2 than in those receiving no treatment. Reported adverse events included reduction in blood platelet count or neutrocyte count, malaise, fatigue, fever, and infection. No death related to adverse effect was reported. Quality of evidence We considered the quality of the evidence as low with respect to disease‐free survival and event‐free survival. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival and very low for adverse events. Conclusion We found no evidence for a difference between IL‐2 maintenance therapy and no treatment with respect to disease‐free survival or overall survival of people with AML in first CR; however, the quality of the evidence is moderate or low, and further research is likely or very likely to have an important impact on the estimate or our confidence in the estimate. Adverse events seem to be more frequent in people treated with IL‐2, but the quality of the evidence is very low and our confidence in the estimates is very uncertain. Thus, further prospective randomised trials are needed before definitive conclusions can be drawn on these issues.
Skin care interventions in infants for preventing eczema and food allergy; Abstract - Background Eczema and food allergy are common health conditions that usually begin in early childhood and often occur in the same people. They can be associated with an impaired skin barrier in early infancy. It is unclear whether trying to prevent or reverse an impaired skin barrier soon after birth is effective for preventing eczema or food allergy. Objectives Primary objective To assess the effects of skin care interventions such as emollients for primary prevention of eczema and food allergy in infants. Secondary objective To identify features of study populations such as age, hereditary risk, and adherence to interventions that are associated with the greatest treatment benefit or harm for both eczema and food allergy. Search methods We performed an updated search of the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase in September 2021. We searched two trials registers in July 2021. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews, and scanned conference proceedings to identify further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs).  Selection criteria We included RCTs of skin care interventions that could potentially enhance skin barrier function, reduce dryness, or reduce subclinical inflammation in healthy term (> 37 weeks) infants (≤ 12 months) without pre‐existing eczema, food allergy, or other skin condition. Eligible comparisons were standard care in the locality or no treatment. Types of skin care interventions could include moisturisers/emollients; bathing products; advice regarding reducing soap exposure and bathing frequency; and use of water softeners. No minimum follow‐up was required. Data collection and analysis This is a prospective individual participant data (IPD) meta‐analysis. We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures, and primary analyses used the IPD dataset. Primary outcomes were cumulative incidence of eczema and cumulative incidence of immunoglobulin (Ig)E‐mediated food allergy by one to three years, both measured at the closest available time point to two years. Secondary outcomes included adverse events during the intervention period; eczema severity (clinician‐assessed); parent report of eczema severity; time to onset of eczema; parent report of immediate food allergy; and allergic sensitisation to food or inhalant allergen. Main results We identified 33 RCTs comprising 25,827 participants. Of these, 17 studies randomising 5823 participants reported information on one or more outcomes specified in this review.  We included 11 studies, randomising 5217 participants, in one or more meta‐analyses (range 2 to 9 studies per individual meta‐analysis), with 10 of these studies providing IPD; the remaining 6 studies were included in the narrative results only.   Most studies were conducted at children's hospitals. Twenty‐five studies, including all those contributing data to meta‐analyses, randomised newborns up to age three weeks to receive a skin care intervention or standard infant skin care. Eight of the 11 studies contributing to meta‐analyses recruited infants at high risk of developing eczema or food allergy, although the definition of high risk varied between studies. Durations of intervention and follow‐up ranged from 24 hours to three years. All interventions were compared against no skin care intervention or local standard care. Of the 17 studies that reported information on our prespecified outcomes, 13 assessed emollients. We assessed most of the evidence in the review as low certainty and had some concerns about risk of bias. A rating of some concerns was most often due to lack of blinding of outcome assessors or significant missing data, which could have impacted outcome measurement but was judged unlikely to have done so. We assessed the evidence for the primary food allergy outcome as high risk of bias due to the inclusion of only one trial, where findings varied based on different assumptions about missing data. Skin care interventions during infancy probably do not change the risk of eczema by one to three years of age (risk ratio (RR) 1.03, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.31; risk difference 5 more cases per 1000 infants, 95% CI 28 less to 47 more; moderate‐certainty evidence; 3075 participants, 7 trials) or time to onset of eczema (hazard ratio 0.86, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.14; moderate‐certainty evidence; 3349 participants, 9 trials). Skin care interventions during infancy may increase the risk of IgE‐mediated food allergy by one to three years of age (RR 2.53, 95% CI 0.99 to 6.49; low‐certainty evidence; 976 participants, 1 trial) but may not change risk of allergic sensitisation to a food allergen by age one to three years (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.71; low‐certainty evidence; 1794 participants, 3 trials). Skin care interventions during infancy may slightly increase risk of parent report of immediate reaction to a common food allergen at two years (RR 1.27, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.61; low‐certainty evidence; 1171 participants, 1 trial); however, this was only seen for cow’s milk, and may be unreliable due to over‐reporting of milk allergy in infants. Skin care interventions during infancy probably increase risk of skin infection over the intervention period (RR 1.33, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.75; risk difference 17 more cases per 1000 infants, 95% CI one more to 38 more; moderate‐certainty evidence; 2728 participants, 6 trials) and may increase the risk of infant slippage over the intervention period (RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.67 to 2.99; low‐certainty evidence; 2538 participants, 4 trials) and stinging/allergic reactions to moisturisers (RR 2.24, 95% 0.67 to 7.43; low‐certainty evidence; 343 participants, 4 trials), although CIs for slippages and stinging/allergic reactions were wide and include the possibility of no effect or reduced risk. Preplanned subgroup analyses showed that the effects of interventions were not influenced by age, duration of intervention, hereditary risk, filaggrin ( FLG ) mutation, chromosome 11 intergenic variant rs2212434,   or classification of intervention type for risk of developing eczema. We could not evaluate these effects on risk of food allergy. Evidence was insufficient to show whether adherence to interventions influenced the relationship between skin care interventions and eczema or food allergy development. Authors' conclusions Based on low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence, skin care interventions such as emollients during the first year of life in healthy infants are probably not effective for preventing eczema; may increase risk of food allergy; and probably increase risk of skin infection. Further study is needed to understand whether different approaches to infant skin care might prevent eczema or food allergy. Plain language summary Skin care interventions for preventing eczema and food allergy Does moisturising baby skin prevent eczema or food allergies? Key messages Skin care treatments in babies, such as using moisturisers on the skin during the first year of life, probably do not prevent babies from developing eczema; may increase the chance of food allergy; and probably increase the chance of skin infection. This review looked at the prevention of eczema and food allergy only. Skin care treatments are still important to treat eczema.  What are allergies? An immune response is how the body recognises and defends itself against substances that appear harmful. An allergy is a reaction of the body's immune system to a particular food or substance (an allergen) that is usually harmless. Different allergies affect different parts of the body, and their effects can be mild or serious. Food allergies and eczema Eczema is a common skin condition  that causes dry, itchy, cracked skin. Eczema is common in children, often developing before their first birthday, and may be long‐lasting. Allergies to food can cause itching in the mouth, a raised itchy red rash, swelling of the face, stomach symptoms, or difficulty breathing. They usually happen within two hours after a food is eaten. People with food allergies often have other allergic conditions, such as asthma, hay fever, and eczema. Why we did this Cochrane Review We wanted to learn how skin care affects the risk of a baby developing eczema or food allergies. Skin care treatments included: • putting moisturisers on a baby's skin; • bathing babies with water containing moisturisers or moisturising oils; • advising parents to use less soap, or to bathe their child less often; • using water softeners.  We also wanted to know if these skin care treatments cause any unwanted effects.  What did we do? We searched for studies of different types of skin care for healthy babies (aged up to one year) with no previous food allergy, eczema, or other skin condition. Search date:  we incorporated evidence published up to July 2021. We were interested in studies that reported: • how many children developed eczema, or food allergy, by age one to three years; • how severe the eczema was (according to a researcher and to parents); • how long it took for eczema to develop; • parents' reports of immediate (under two hours) reactions to a food allergen; • how many children developed sensitivity to a particular food allergen; • any unwanted effects. We assessed the strengths and weaknesses of each study to determine how reliable the results might be, and then combined the results of the relevant studies and looked at overall effects.   What we found We found 33 studies, involving 25,827 babies, that assessed any type of skin intervention. The included studies took place in Europe, Australia, Japan, and the USA, most often at children's hospitals. Skin care was compared against no skin care or usual skin care for babies in that country. Treatment and follow‐up times ranged from 24 hours to three years. Many studies (13) tested the use of moisturisers; the other studies mainly tested the use of bathing and cleansing products and how often they were used. Of the 33 included studies, only 11 studies had comparable outcomes of eczema, food allergy, or adverse effects and were combined for analysis. All of these studies enrolled babies before they were one month old, and  eight of these studies included babies thought to be at high risk for developing eczema.  What are the main results of our review? Compared to no skin care or standard care, moisturisers: • probably do not change the chance of developing eczema by age one to three years (7 studies; 3075 babies), or the time needed for eczema to develop (9 studies; 3349 babies); • may increase the chance of developing a food allergy as judged by a researcher (1 study; 976 babies) by age one to three years; • may slightly increase the number of immediate reactions to a common food allergen at two years, as reported by parents (1 study; 1171 babies); • probably cause more skin infections (6 studies; 2728 babies); • may increase unwanted effects, such as a stinging feeling or an allergic reaction to moisturisers (4 studies; 343 babies); • may increase the chance of babies slipping (4 studies; 2538 babies); • may not affect the chance of developing sensitivity to food allergens (3 studies; 1797 babies) by age one to three years. Confidence in our results We are moderately confident in our results for developing eczema and the time needed to develop eczema. We are less confident about our results for food allergy or sensitivity, which are based on small numbers of studies with widely varying results. These results are likely to change when more evidence becomes available. Our confidence in the review findings for skin infections is moderate, but low for stinging or allergic reactions and slipping.
Systemic corticosteroids for acute otitis media in children; Abstract - Background Acute otitis media (AOM) is a common acute infection in children. Pain is its most prominent and distressing symptom. Antibiotics are commonly prescribed for AOM, although they have only a modest effect in reducing pain at two to three days. There is insufficient evidence for benefits of other treatment options, including systemic corticosteroids. However, systemic corticosteroids are potent anti‐inflammatory drugs, and so theoretically could be effective, either alone or as an addition to antibiotics. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic corticosteroids (oral or parenteral), with or without antibiotics, for AOM in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) which contains the Cochrane ARI Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Elsevier), CINAHL (EBSCO), Web of Science (Thomson Reuters), and LILACS (BIREME) for published studies, and ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) for completed and ongoing studies, to 20 February 2018. We checked the reference lists of all primary studies and review articles for additional references and contacted experts in the field to identify additional unpublished materials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of children with AOM that compared any systemic corticosteroid (oral or parenteral) with placebo, either with antibiotics (corticosteroid plus antibiotic versus placebo plus antibiotic) or without antibiotics (corticosteroid versus placebo). Data collection and analysis Three review authors (EDS, RR, YP) independently screened the titles and abstracts and retrieved the full texts of potentially relevant studies. We independently extracted study characteristics and outcome data from the included studies, and assessed the risk of bias for each study using the criteria outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions.  We assessed study quality using the GRADE method. Main results We included two studies involving 252 children with AOM aged from three months to six years receiving hospital ambulatory care who were treated with intramuscular ceftriaxone, and who were then randomised to the corticosteroid group (corticosteroid and corticosteroid plus antihistamine) or the placebo group (antihistamine and double placebo). In one study, children also had a needle aspiration of middle ear fluid. Both studies were at unclear risk of bias for allocation concealment, and unclear to high risk of bias for selective reporting. One study (N = 179) included pain as an outcome, but we were unable to derive the proportion of children with persistent pain at Day 5 and Day 14. Reduction of overall or specific symptoms was presented as improvement in clinical symptoms and resolution of inflamed tympanic membranes without the need for additional antibiotic treatment: at Day 5 (94% of children in the treatment group (N = 89) versus 89% in the placebo group (N = 90); risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.97 to 1.16) and Day 14 (91% versus 87%; RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.17). Low‐quality evidence meant that we are uncertain of the effectiveness of corticosteroids for this outcome. The second study (N = 73) reported a reduction of overall or specific symptoms without additional antibiotic treatment during the first two weeks as a favourable outcome. Children in the treatment group had more favourable outcomes (adjusted odds ratio 65.9, 95% CI 1.28 to 1000; P = 0.037), although the numbers were small. We were unable to pool the results with the other study because it did not report the proportion of children with this outcome by treatment group. Only one study reported adverse effects of corticosteroids (e.g. drowsiness, nappy rash), but did not quantify incidence, so we were unable to draw conclusions about adverse effects. Neither study reported a reduction in overall or specific symptom duration. Authors' conclusions The evidence for the effect of systemic corticosteroids on AOM is of low to very low quality, meaning the effect of systemic corticosteroids on important clinical outcomes in AOM remains uncertain. Large, high‐quality studies are required to resolve the question . Plain language summary Systemic corticosteroids for improving symptoms in children with acute middle ear infection Review question We reviewed the evidence on the effects of corticosteroids given by mouth or injection for acute middle ear infection (acute otitis media (AOM)) in children, particularly in improving symptoms such as ear pain, fever, irritability, lack of sleep, and lack of appetite. We also looked at the side effects of corticosteroids. Background Acute otitis media is common in children and causes ear pain and non‐specific symptoms such as fever, irritability, and deafness. It is often treated with antibiotics, although ear pain generally resolves within two days, and antibiotics help symptoms only slightly. Other treatments (such as over‐the‐counter antihistamines and decongestants) do not help very much. Corticosteroids are often prescribed to reduce inflammation in children for other illnesses, and so may also help symptoms of AOM, which is an inflammatory process. We investigated whether using corticosteroids was better or worse than nothing in improving AOM‐related symptoms. Search date Our evidence is current to 20 February 2018. Study characteristics We included two studies involving 252 children with AOM, aged from three months to six years, receiving hospital ambulatory care. Children were treated with an antibiotic injection and either oral corticosteroid or a placebo (treatment with no effect). In one study, fluid from the middle ear was collected by inserting a needle through the eardrum to measure the level of inflammation. Study funding sources The National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the National Center for Research Resources, NIH, US Public Health Service funded both studies. Pharmaceutical companies provided the drug but did not contribute any other scientific or financial support. Key results and quality of evidence Corticosteroids did not make a significant difference in improving the symptoms and inflammation of the eardrum(s) at Day 5 and Day 14, but we are unsure of this effect due to the small numbers of children in the studies. There were no significant differences between the corticosteroid and placebo groups in terms of resolving fluid in children's middle ears (at 1, 2, and 3 months) and experiencing new episodes of AOM (at 1, 2, 3 months, and 4 and 6 months). Neither study reported a reduction in the duration of overall or specific symptoms, rupture of eardrum(s), the occurrence of middle ear inflammation in the other ear following the current ear infection, or serious complications. Only one study reported the overall side effects identified during the trial (e.g. drowsiness, dry mouth, diaper rash, nervousness). We could not draw any conclusions regarding the effects of corticosteroids for AOM in children. The quality of evidence included in this review was low to very low due to few children included in two small studies. We are uncertain about whether or not corticosteroids are useful in relieving pain from AOM.
Bisphosphonates for osteoporosis in people with cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Osteoporosis is a disorder of bone mineralisation occurring in about one third of adults with cystic fibrosis. Bisphosphonates can increase bone mineral density and decrease the risk of new fractures in post‐menopausal women and people receiving long‐term oral corticosteroids. This is an updated version of a previous review. Objectives To assess the effects of bisphosphonates on the frequency of fractures, bone mineral density, quality of life, adverse events, trial withdrawals, and survival in people with cystic fibrosis. Search methods We searched the Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Trials Register of references (identified from electronic database searches and hand searches of journals and abstract books) on 5 May 2022. We performed additional searches of PubMed, clinicaltrials.gov and the WHO ICTRP (International Clinical Trials Registry Platform) on 5 May 2022. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of at least six months duration studying bisphosphonates in people with cystic fibrosis. Data collection and analysis Authors independently selected trials, extracted data and assessed risk of bias in included studies. Trial investigators were contacted to obtain missing data. We judged the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included nine trials with a total of 385 participants (272 adults and 113 children (aged five to 18 years)). Trial durations ranged from six months to two years. Only two of the studies were considered to have a low risk of bias for all the domains.  Bisphosphonates compared to control in people with cystic fibrosis who have not had a lung transplant Seven trials included only adult participants without lung transplants, one trial included both adults and children without lung transplantation (total of 238 adults and 113 children). We analysed adults (n = 238) and children (n = 113) separately. Adults Three trials assessed intravenous bisphosphonates (one assessed pamidronate and two assessed zoledronate) and five trials assessed oral bisphosphonates (one assessed risedronate and four assessed alendronate). Bisphosphonates were compared to either placebo or calcium (with or without additional vitamin D). Data showed no difference between treatment or control groups in new vertebral fractures at 12 months (odds ratio (OR) 0.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02 to 2.09; 5 trials, 142 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) and two trials (44 participants) reported no vertebral fractures at 24 months. There was no difference in non‐vertebral fractures at 12 months (OR 2.11, 95% CI 0.18 to 25.35; 4 trials, 95 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) and again two trials (44 participants) reported no non‐vertebral fractures at 24 months. There was no difference in total fractures between groups at 12 months (OR 0.57, 95% CI 0.13 to 2.50; 5 trials, 142 participants) and no fractures were reported in two trials (44 participants) at 24 months. At 12 months, bisphosphonates may increase bone mineral density at the lumbar spine (mean difference (MD) 6.31, 95% CI 5.39 to 7.22; 6 trials, 171 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and at the hip or femur (MD 4.41, 95% 3.44 to 5.37; 5 trials, 155 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There was no clear difference in quality of life scores at 12 months (1 trial, 47 participants; low‐certainty evidence), but bisphosphonates probably led to more adverse events (bone pain) at 12 months (OR 8.49, 95% CI 3.20 to 22.56; 7 trials, 206 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Children The single trial in 113 children compared oral alendronate to placebo. We graded all evidence as low certainty. At 12 months we found no difference between treatment and placebo in new vertebral fractures (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.03 to 3.13; 1 trial, 113 participants) and non‐vertebral fractures (OR 0.19, 95% CI 0.01 to 4.04; 1 trial, 113 participants). There was also no difference in total fractures (OR 0.18, 95% CI 0.02 to 1.61; 1 trial, 113 participants). Bisphosphonates may increase bone mineral density at the lumbar spine at 12 months (MD 14.50, 95% CI 12.91 to 16.09). There was no difference in bone or muscle pain (MD 3.00, 95% CI 0.12 to 75.22), fever (MD 3.00, 95% CI 0.12 to 75.22) or gastrointestinal adverse events (OR 0.67, 95% CI 0.20 to 2.26). The trial did not measure bone mineral density at the hip/femur or report on quality of life.  Bisphosphonates compared to control in people with cystic fibrosis who have had a lung transplant One trial of 34 adults who had undergone lung transplantation compared intravenous pamidronate to no bisphosphonate treatment. It did not report at 12 months and we report the 24‐month data (not assessed by GRADE). There was no difference in the number of fractures, either vertebral or non‐vertebral. However, bone mineral density increased with treatment at the lumbar spine (MD 6.20, 95% CI 4.28 to 8.12) and femur (MD 7.90, 95% CI 5.78 to 10.02). No participants in either group reported either bone pain or fever. The trial did not measure quality of life. Authors' conclusions Oral and intravenous bisphosphonates may increase bone mineral density in people with cystic fibrosis, but there are insufficient data to determine whether treatment reduces fractures. Severe bone pain and flu‐like symptoms may occur with intravenous bisphosphonates. Before any firm conclusions can be drawn, trials in larger populations, including children, and of longer duration are needed to determine effects on fracture rate and survival. Additional trials are needed to determine if bone pain is more common or severe (or both) with the more potent zoledronate and if corticosteroids can ameliorate or prevent these adverse events. Future trials should also assess gastrointestinal adverse effects associated with oral bisphosphonates. Plain language summary Bisphosphonates for osteoporosis in people with cystic fibrosis Review question What are the effects of bisphosphonates (drugs that prevent the loss of bone mass), either oral (taken by mouth) or intravenous (given directly into a vein), on osteoporosis in people with cystic fibrosis (CF)? Background Cystic fibrosis is a serious genetic disorder that affects many organs in the body (e.g. lungs and pancreas). Around 23.5% of people with CF experience reduced bone mineral density (BMD), commonly known as osteoporosis, which increases the likelihood of bone fractures. The short‐term and long‐term effects of fractures (e.g .  ribs and in the spine) may make lung disease worse, and hospitalisation more frequent. Bisphosphonates are drugs that increase BMD by slowing down how fast bone is resorbed. They are used to treat osteoporosis caused by the menopause or the use of corticosteroid drugs. We wanted to know if bisphosphonates affect the frequency of bone fractures, BMD and quality of life, and if they have any side effects in people with CF. This is an update of a previous review. Search date The evidence is current to 5 May 2022. Study characteristics We included nine trials with 272 adults and 113 children (aged five to 18 years) lasting from six months to two years. Eight trials included 238 adults without lung transplants; three of these gave intravenous bisphosphonates (one gave pamidronate and two gave zoledronate) and five trials gave oral bisphosphonates (one gave risedronate and four gave alendronate). Trials compared bisphosphonates to either placebo (drug with no active treatment) or calcium (with or without additional vitamin D). One of these eight trials, comparing oral alendronate to placebo, also included 113 children and we analysed their results separately. The last trial of 34 adults who had undergone lung transplantation compared intravenous pamidronate to no bisphosphonate treatment. Key results Bisphosphonates consistently increased BMD in adults at the lumbar spine and hip regions. It also increased BMD in children at the lumbar spine. Treatment with bisphosphonates did not appear to reduce the rates of fractures (either in the spine or elsewhere) or deaths in adults or children. However, this may be related to the small numbers of participants involved and the short duration of the trials. Severe bone pain and flu‐like symptoms were commonly linked to intravenous bisphosphonates, especially in people not using corticosteroids. More research is needed to assess the effect of pre‐treatment with corticosteroids. Additional trials are needed to determine if bone pain is more common or severe (or both) with the stronger drug zoledronate and if corticosteroids lessen or prevent these adverse events. Additional trials should also assess gastrointestinal adverse effects in the stomach and digestive tract which are linked to oral bisphosphonates. Trials with larger numbers of participants with longer follow‐up are needed to show how bisphosphonates affect fracture rate and survival. More trials including children with cystic fibrosis should be undertaken to better understand the effects, benefits and harms these drugs may have on them. Bisphosphonates compared to control in people with CF who have not had a lung transplant Adults Five trials (142 participants) reported no difference between treatment or control groups in new vertebral or non‐vertebral fractures at 12 months and two trials (44 participants) reported no fractures at 24 months. At 12 months, results from six trials (171 participants) showed bisphosphonates may increase BMD at the lumbar spine and five trials (155 participants) reported the same effect on BMD at the hip or femur. There was no clear difference in quality of life (QoL) scores at 12 months, but bisphosphonates probably led to more bone pain at 12 months as reported by seven trials (206 participants). Children At 12 months we found no difference between treatment and placebo in new vertebral or non‐vertebral fractures. Bisphosphonates may increase BMD at the lumbar spine at 12 months. There was no difference in bone or muscle pain, in fever or in gastrointestinal side effects. The trial did not measure BMD at the hip/femur or report on QoL.  Bisphosphonates compared to control in people with CF who have had a lung transplant This trial only reported results at 24 months. There was no difference in the number of fractures, either vertebral or non‐vertebral, but BMD increased with treatment at the lumbar spine and femur. No one in either group reported either bone pain or fever. The trial did not measure QoL. Certainty of the evidence The certainty of the evidence was mixed and we had some concerns regarding different aspects of bias in all trials. At least three of the trials were partially funded by pharmaceutical companies. In one trial the people looking at the bone scans and reporting them may have known which participants had been treated with bisphosphonates; this knowledge may have affected their objectivity. Two trials did not report on fractures, but we do not think these are likely to have significantly changed the review's results.
Prophylactic drug management for febrile seizures in children; Abstract - Background Febrile seizures occurring in a child older than one month during an episode of fever affect 2‐4% of children in Great Britain and the United States and recur in 30%. Rapid‐acting antiepileptics and antipyretics given during subsequent fever episodes have been used to avoid the adverse effects of continuous antiepileptic drugs. This is an updated version of a Cochrane Review previously published in 2017. Objectives To evaluate primarily the effectiveness and safety of antiepileptic and antipyretic drugs used prophylactically to treat children with febrile seizures; and also to evaluate any other drug intervention where there is a sound biological rationale for its use. Search methods For the latest update we searched the following databases on 3 February 2020: Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 31 January 2020). CRS Web includes randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials from PubMed, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and the specialised registers of Cochrane Review Groups including the Cochrane Epilepsy Group. We imposed no language restrictions and contacted researchers to identify continuing or unpublished studies. Selection criteria Trials using randomised or quasi‐randomised participant allocation that compared the use of antiepileptics, antipyretics or recognised Central Nervous System active agents with each other, placebo, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis For the original review, two review authors independently applied predefined criteria to select trials for inclusion and extracted the predefined relevant data, recording methods for randomisation, blinding, and exclusions. For the 2016 update, a third review author checked all original inclusions, data analyses, and updated the search. For the 2020 update, one review author updated the search and performed the data analysis following a peer‐review process with the original review authors. We assessed seizure recurrence at 6, 12, 18, 24, 36, 48 months, and where data were available at age 5 to 6 years along with recorded adverse effects. We evaluated the presence of publication bias using funnel plots. Main results We included 42 articles describing 32 randomised trials, with 4431 randomised participants used in the analysis of this review. We analysed 15 interventions of continuous or intermittent prophylaxis and their control treatments. Methodological quality was moderate to poor in most studies. We found no significant benefit for intermittent phenobarbital, phenytoin, valproate, pyridoxine, ibuprofen, or zinc sulfate versus placebo or no treatment; nor for diclofenac versus placebo followed by ibuprofen, paracetamol, or placebo; nor for continuous phenobarbital versus diazepam, intermittent rectal diazepam versus intermittent valproate, or oral diazepam versus clobazam. There was a significant reduction of recurrent febrile seizures with intermittent diazepam versus placebo or no treatment at six months (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.48 to 0.85; 6 studies, 1151 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), 12 months (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.84; 8 studies, 1416 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), 18 months (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.60; 1 study, 289 participants; low‐certainty evidence), 24 months (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.95; 4 studies, 739 participants; high‐certainty evidence), 36 months (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.85; 1 study, 139 participants; low‐certainty evidence), 48 months (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.89; 1 study, 110 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), with no benefit at 60 to 72 months (RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.00 to 1.31; 1 study, 60 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Phenobarbital versus placebo or no treatment reduced seizures at six months (RR 0.59, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.83; 6 studies, 833 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), 12 months (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70; 7 studies, 807 participants; low‐certainty evidence), and 24 months (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.89; 3 studies, 533 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), but not at 18 months (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.05; 2 studies, 264 participants) or 60 to 72 months follow‐up (RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.61 to 3.69; 1 study, 60 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Intermittent clobazam compared to placebo at six months resulted in a RR of 0.36 (95% CI 0.20 to 0.64; 1 study, 60 participants; low‐certainty evidence), an effect found against an extremely high (83.3%) recurrence rate in the controls, a result that needs replication. When compared to intermittent diazepam, intermittent oral melatonin did not significantly reduce seizures at six months (RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.15; 1 study, 60 participants; very‐low certainty evidence). When compared to placebo, intermittent oral levetiracetam significantly reduced recurrent seizures at 12 months (RR 0.27, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.52; 1 study, 115 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). The recording of adverse effects was variable. Two studies reported lower comprehension scores in phenobarbital‐treated children. Adverse effects were recorded in up to 30% of children in the phenobarbital‐treated groups and 36% in benzodiazepine‐treated groups. We found evidence of publication bias in the meta‐analyses of comparisons for phenobarbital versus placebo (seven studies) at 12 months but not at six months (six studies); and valproate versus placebo (four studies) at 12 months. There were too few studies to identify publication bias for the other comparisons. The methodological quality of most of the included studies was low or very low. Methods of randomisation and allocation concealment often did not meet current standards, and 'treatment versus no treatment' was more commonly seen than 'treatment versus placebo', leading to obvious risks of bias.  Authors' conclusions We found reduced recurrence rates for intermittent diazepam and continuous phenobarbital, with adverse effects in up to 30% of children. The apparent benefit for clobazam treatment in one trial needs to be replicated. Levetiracetam also shows benefit with a good safety profile; however, further study is required. Given the benign nature of recurrent febrile seizures, and the high prevalence of adverse effects of these drugs, parents and families should be supported with adequate contact details of medical services and information on recurrence, first aid management, and, most importantly, the benign nature of the phenomenon. Plain language summary Prophylactic drug management for febrile seizures in children Background Seizures occurring with a fever (febrile seizures) in children are common and affect about one in 30 children under the age of six years. On average, one out of three children who have had a febrile seizure will have at least one more. We reviewed the evidence about the effect of drugs to prevent seizures (antiepileptics), drugs to lower temperature (antipyretics), and zinc in children with febrile seizures. Objective We wanted to know in how many children these drugs would prevent a recurrence of febrile seizures or cause unwanted effects. Methods We included 32 studies with a total of 4431 children in the review. Children who had had at least one febrile seizure were assigned to one of two or more treatment groups. The studies recorded any further seizures at various time intervals between six months and up to six years of age in each group. Unwanted medication effects were also noted. Results The study design and evidence quality in the studies of antiepileptic drugs was often low or very low. Poor methods known to lead to obvious risks of bias were used. One issue was with the methods used to assign children to study groups and how random this allocation was. Other issues included whether the parents or doctors, or both, knew which group each child was in or if a treatment was compared to no treatment with no placebo (dummy pill) used. The quality of the trials of antipyretics or zinc was better, with the evidence assessed as moderate to high. Zinc therapy was found to provide no benefit. We also found no benefit in treating children just at the time of the fever with either antipyretic drugs or most antiepileptic drugs. A significant result was noted in some instances. For example, at times between 6 and 48 months follow‐up, intermittent diazepam (an antiepileptic drug) led to a reduction in the number of recurrent seizures by about a third. Continuous phenobarbital resulted in significantly fewer recurrences at 6, 12, and 24 months, but not at 18 and 60 to 72 months. One study showed that intermittent oral levetiracetam compared to placebo significantly reduced recurrent seizures at 12 months. When compared to intermittent diazepam, intermittent oral melatonin did not significantly reduce seizures at six months. However, as recurrent seizures are only seen in about a third of children, this means that up to 16 children would have to be treated over a year or two to save just one child a further seizure. As febrile seizures are not harmful, we viewed these significant findings to be unimportant, in particular because adverse effects of the medications were common. Lower comprehension scores in phenobarbital‐treated children were found in two studies. In general, adverse effects were recorded in up to about a third of children in both the phenobarbital‐ and benzodiazepine‐treated groups. The benefit found for treatment with clobazam in one study published in 2011 needs to be repeated to test its reliability. Levetiracetam may be useful in treating children where family anxiety over possible seizure recurrence is high, but further study is required.  Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous or intermittent treatment with zinc, antiepileptic or antipyretic drugs for children with febrile seizures. Febrile seizures can be frightening to witness. Parents and families should be supported with adequate contact details of medical services and information on recurrence, first aid management, and, most importantly, the benign nature of the phenomenon. The evidence is current to February 2020.
Effects of all‐trans retinoic acid (ATRA) in addition to chemotherapy for adults with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) (non‐acute promyelocytic leukaemia (non‐APL)); Abstract - Background Acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) is the most common acute leukaemia affecting adults. Most patients diagnosed with AML are at advanced age and present with co‐morbidities, so that intensive therapy such as stem cell transplantation (SCT) is impossible to provide or is accompanied by high risks for serious adverse events and treatment‐related mortality. Especially for these patients, it is necessary to find out whether all‐trans retinoic acid (ATRA), an intermediate of vitamin A inducing terminal differentiation of leukaemic cell lines, added to chemotherapy confers increased benefit or harm when compared with the same chemotherapy alone. Objectives This review aims to determine benefits and harms of ATRA in addition to chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone for adults with AML (not those with acute promyelocytic leukaemia (non‐APL)). Search methods We searched the Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, study registries and relevant conference proceedings up to July 2018 for randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We also contacted experts for unpublished data. Selection criteria We included RCTs comparing chemotherapy alone with chemotherapy plus ATRA in patients with all stages of AML. We excluded trials if less than 80% of participants were adults or participants with AML, and if no subgroup data were available. Patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) were included, if they had a refractory anaemia and more than 20% of blasts. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. We contacted study authors to obtain missing information. We used hazard ratios (HR) for overall survival (OS) and disease‐free survival (DFS; instead of the pre‐planned event‐free survival, as this outcome was not reported), and we calculated risk ratios (RR) for the other outcomes quality of life, on‐study mortality and adverse events. We presented all measures with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed the certainty of evidence using GRADE methods. Main results Our search resulted in 2192 potentially relevant references, of which we included eight trials with 28 publications assessing 3998 patients. Overall, we judged the potential risk of bias of the eight included trials as moderate. Two of eight trials were published as abstracts only. All the included trials used different chemotherapy schedules and one trial only evaluated the effect of the hypomethylating agent decitabine, a drug know to affect epigenetics, in combination with ATRA. The addition of ATRA to chemotherapy resulted in probably little or no difference in OS compared to chemotherapy only (2985 participants; HR 0.94 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.02); moderate‐certainty evidence). Based on a mortality rate at 24 months of 70% with chemotherapy alone, the mortality rate with chemotherapy plus ATRA was 68% (95% CI 65% to 71%). For DFS, complete response rate (CRR) and on‐study mortality there was probably little or no difference between treatment groups (DFS: 1258 participants, HR 0.99, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.12; CRR: 3081 participants, RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.09; on‐study mortality: 2839 participants, RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.30, all moderate‐certainty evidence). Three trials with 1428 participants reported the adverse events 'infection' and 'cardiac toxicity': There was probably no, or little difference in terms of infection rate between participants receiving ATRA or not (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.15; moderate‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain whether ATRA decreases cardiac toxicity (RR 0.46, 95% CI 0.24 to 0.90; P = 0.02, very low certainty‐evidence, however, cardiac toxicity was low).    Rates and severity of diarrhoea and nausea/vomiting were assessed in two trials with 337 patients and we are uncertain whether there is a difference between treatment arms (diarrhoea: RR 2.19, 95% CI 1.07 to 4.47; nausea/vomiting: RR 1.46, 95% CI 0.75 to 2.85; both very low‐certainty evidence). Quality of life was not reported by any of the included trials. Authors' conclusions We found no evidence for a difference between participants receiving ATRA in addition to chemotherapy or chemotherapy only for the outcome OS. Regarding DFS, CRR and on‐study mortality, there is probably no evidence for a difference between treatment groups. Currently, it seems the risk of adverse events are comparable to chemotherapy only. As quality of life has not been evaluated in any of the included trials, further research is needed to clarify the effect of ATRA on quality of life. Plain language summary Treatment with all‐trans retinoic acid in addition to chemotherapy for adult patients with acute myeloid leukaemia (non‐APL) What is the aim of this review? This review aims to determine benefits and harms of all‐trans retinoic acid (ATRA) in addition to chemotherapy compared with chemotherapy alone for adults with AML. We did not evaluate participants with acute promyelocytic leukaemia (APL). We collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found eight studies. Key messages The addition of ATRA to chemotherapy did not show relevant differences in terms of overall survival (OS), but the subgroup analyses showed that there is potential benefit for ATRA in combination with a certain chemotherapeutic called decitabine , for older patients (over 60 years) and for patients who already had successful chemotherapy and now receive therapy for maintenance. We assessed the certainty of evidence as moderate for OS, disease‐free‐survival and on‐study mortality. Rates of toxicities were low, therefore certainty of evidence is 'very low' to 'low' for the adverse events diarrhoea, nausea/vomiting and cardiac toxicity. For the adverse event infection, we judged the certainty of evidence as moderate. Currently, it seems the risk of adverse events with additional ATRA are comparable to chemotherapy only. Quality of life was not reported by any of the included trials. What was studied in this review? Acute myeloid leukaemia is a life‐threatening type of cancer that starts in the blood‐forming cells of the bone marrow and can cause many different signs and symptoms. It is classified into several subtypes, of which one subtype, acute promyelocytic leukaemia (APL) is treated differently to the other subtypes. Almost 60% of patients are older than 65 years at the time of diagnosis. Because of advanced age and accompanying diseases an intensive therapy with high‐dose chemotherapy and stem cell transplantation often is not possible or is accompanied by high risks for serious adverse events and treatment‐related mortality. For these reasons it would be important to know a less intensive and dangerous therapy for older patients. All‐trans retinoic acid (ATRA), an intermediate product of vitamin A, had been integrated into treatment regimens for APL by the end of the 1980s. It is administered orally and is generally well tolerated but can induce a severe, life‐threatening complication called differentiation syndrome, which includes breathing difficulties and fever. The literature provides contradictory data about the benefit of ATRA for patients with AML. It has been reported to increase the sensitivity of AML cell lines to chemotherapy by reducing one protein, which is associated with poor response to chemotherapy and therefore is related to a poor prognosis.These reports have led to the assumption that ATRA added to chemotherapy may improve outcomes and might replace or reduce the intensity of chemotherapy for patients with AML. What are the main results of this review? We found eight relevant studies with almost 4000 patients in total, conducted in the UK, Germany and France. These studies compared chemotherapy in combination with ATRA with chemotherapy alone in adult patients (over 18 years) with AML. All the included trials used different chemotherapy schedules, as there are several types of chemotherapy regimens for AML. Only in one trial did participants receive a newer drug, decitabine, which has been licensed for the treatment of AML since 2012. Adding ATRA to chemotherapy probably makes little or no difference to OS. ATRA may be potentially beneficial in combination with decitabine, for older patients (over 60 years) and for patients who receive therapy for maintenance, but these findings need to be explored by further research. For disease‐free‐survival, complete response rate and on‐study mortality there was probably no or little difference between treatment groups. The combination of ATRA probably did not lead to a higher infection rate. Regarding cardiac toxicity and diarrhoea, the certainty of the evidence was assessed as very low, so we are uncertain whether the addition of ATRA is beneficial. Quality of life was not reported by any of the included trials. How up‐to‐date is this review? We searched for studies that had been published up to July 2018.
Interventions for non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy; Abstract - Background Non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy is the implantation of an embryo at a site lying outside the uterine cavity or fallopian tubes. Sites include a caesarean scar, the cornua uteri, the ovary, the cervix, and the abdomen. There has been an increasing trend in the occurrence of these rare conditions, especially caesarean scar pregnancy (CSP). Objectives To evaluate the clinical effectiveness and safety of surgery, medical treatment, and expectant management of non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy in terms of fertility outcomes and complications. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility (CGF) Group Specialised Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization (WHO) search portal and nine other databases to 12 December 2019. We handsearched reference lists of articles retrieved and contacted experts in the field to obtain additional data. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in all languages that examined the effects and safety of surgery, medical treatment, and expectant management of non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy. Data collection and analysis We used Cochrane standard methodological procedures. Primary outcomes were treatment success and complications. Main results We included five RCTs with 303 women, all reporting Caesarean scar pregnancy. Two compared uterine arterial embolization (UAE) or uterine arterial chemoembolization (UACE) plus methotrexate (MTX) versus systemic MTX and subsequent dilation and suction curettage; one compared UACE plus MTX versus ultrasonography‐guided local MTX injection; and two compared suction curettage under hysteroscopy versus suction curettage under ultrasonography after UAE/UACE. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main limitations were imprecision (small sample sizes and very wide confidence intervals (CI) for most analyses), multiple comparisons with a small number of trials, and insufficient data available to assess heterogeneity. UAE/UACE versus systemic MTX prior to suction curettage Two studies reported this comparison. One compared UAE with systemic MTX and one compared UACE plus MTX versus systemic MTX, in both cases followed by a suction curettage. We are uncertain whether UAE/UACE improved success rates after initial treatment (UAE: risk ratio (RR) 1.00, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.12; 1 RCT, 72 women; low‐quality evidence; UACE: RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.38; 1 RCT, 28 women; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain whether UAE/UACE reduced rates of complications (UAE: RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.75; 1 RCT, 72 women; low‐quality evidence; UACE: RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.26 to 1.48; 1 RCT, 28 women; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain whether UAE/UACE reduced adverse effects (UAE: RR 1.58, 95% CI 0.41 to 6.11; 1 RCT, 72 women; low‐quality evidence; UACE: RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.32 to 4.24; 1 RCT, 28 women; low‐quality evidence), and it was not obvious that the types of events had similar values to participants (e.g. fever versus vomiting). Blood loss was lower in UAE/UACE groups than systemic MTX groups (UAE: mean difference (MD) –378.70 mL, 95% CI –401.43 to –355.97; 1 RCT, 72 women; moderate‐quality evidence; UACE: MD –879.00 mL, 95% CI –1135.23 to ‐622.77; 1 RCT, 28 women; moderate‐quality evidence). Data were not available on time to normalize β‐human chorionic gonadotropin (β‐hCG). UACE plus MTX versus ultrasonography‐guided local MTX injection We are uncertain whether UACE improved success rates after initial treatment (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.60; 1 RCT, 45 women; very low‐quality evidence). Adverse effects: the study reported the same number of failed treatments in each arm (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.40 to 1.92; 1 RCT, 45 women). We are uncertain whether UACE shortened the time to normalize β‐hCG (MD 1.50 days, 95% CI –3.16 to 6.16; 1 RCT, 45 women; very low‐quality evidence). Data were not available for complications. Suction curettage under hysteroscopy versus under ultrasonography after UAE/UACE. Two studies reported this comparison. One compared suction curettage under hysteroscopy versus under ultrasonography after UAE, and one compared these interventions after UACE. We are uncertain whether suction curettage under hysteroscopy improved success rates after initial treatment (UAE: RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.03; 1 RCT, 66 women; very low‐quality evidence; UACE: RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.09; 1 RCT, 92 women; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain whether suction curettage under hysteroscopy reduced rates of complications (UAE: RR 4.00, 95% CI 0.47 to 33.91; 1 RCT, 66 women; very low‐quality evidence; UACE: RR 0.18, 95% CI 0.01 to 3.72; 1 RCT, 92 women; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain whether suction curettage under hysteroscopy reduced adverse effects (UAE: RR 3.09, 95% CI 0.12 to 78.70; 1 RCT, 66 women; very low‐quality evidence; UACE: not estimable; 1 RCT, 92 women; very low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain whether suction curettage under hysteroscopy shortened the time to normalize β‐hCG (UAE: MD 4.03 days, 95% CI –1.79 to 9.85; 1 RCT, 66 women; very low‐quality evidence; UACE: MD 0.84 days, 95% CI –1.90 to 3.58; 1 RCT, 92 women; low‐quality evidence). Non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy other than CSP No studies reported on non‐tubal ectopic pregnancies in locations other than on a caesarean scar. Authors' conclusions For Caesarean scar pregnancies (CSP) it is uncertain whether there is a difference in success rates, complications, or adverse events between UAE/UACE and administration of systemic MTX before suction curettage (low‐quality evidence). Blood loss was lower if suction curettage is conducted after UAE/UACE than after administration of systemic MTX (moderate‐quality evidence). It is uncertain whether there is a difference in treatment success rates, complications, adverse effects or time to normalize β‐hCG between suction curettage under hysteroscopy and under ultrasonography (very low‐quality evidence). There are no studies of non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy other than CSP and RCTs for these types of pregnancy are unlikely. Plain language summary Interventions for non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy Review question How effective and safe are surgery, medical treatment, and expectant management for non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy? Background Non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy is the implantation of an embryo outside the womb (uterus) or fallopian tubes (which connect the uterus to the ovaries). Sites include a caesarean scar formed as the healing of an incision in the uterus after caesarean section, the cornua uteri (where the uterus and fallopian tubes meet), the ovary, the cervix, and the abdomen. There has been an increase in the occurrence of these rare conditions, especially caesarean scar pregnancy (CSP). Ectopic pregnancy makes up 80% of maternal deaths that occur in the first trimester, of which non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy deaths account for a higher rate than tubal pregnancy deaths. Early diagnosis and effective treatment are essential to reduce the immediate and delayed side effects, and to avoid significant maternal illness and death. Treatments include surgery (e.g. uterine arterial embolization (UAE; a tube delivers small particles that block the blood supply to the uterus), uterine arterial chemoembolization (UACE; a tube delivers small particles that block the blood supply to the uterus and chemotherapy), dilation and suction curettage (to remove the products of the pregnancy)); medical treatment (e.g. a medicine called methotrexate); or expectant management (wait to see if a miscarriage occurs naturally). Study characteristics Cochrane researchers found five clinical trials including 303 women. The evidence is current to December 2019. Key results Caesarean scar pregnancy Two studies compared UAE/UACE with methotrexate (surgery) versus systemic (into a vein or muscle) methotrexate injection (medical treatment) following suction curettage. Evidence was insufficient for treatment success, complications, and side effects. Moderate‐quality evidence showed that blood loss from the treatment in the surgery group was lower than in the medical treatment group.There were no data for time for β‐hCG levels to return to normal. One study compared UAE with local (into uterine artery) methotrexate injection (surgery) versus ultrasound‐guided local methotrexate injection (medical treatment). Evidence was insufficient for treatment success and time for β‐hCG levels to return to normal. The study reported the same number of failed treatments in each arm There were no data for complications or other side effects. Two studies compared suction curettage under hysteroscopy (insertion of a narrow telescope with a light and camera at the end into the uterus) versus suction curettage under ultrasound after UAE/UACE with methotrexate. Evidence was insufficient for treatment success, complications, side effects, and time for β‐hCG levels to return to normal. Non‐tubal ectopic pregnancies other than caesarean scar pregnancy No studies reported on non‐tubal ectopic pregnancies in locations other than on a caesarean scar. Quality of the evidence The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main limitations were small numbers of participants and trials, very wide range of results for most comparisons, and insufficient data to assess differences.
Corticosteroids for dengue infection; Abstract - Background Dengue is a common and important mosquito‐borne viral infection. In many low‐ and middle‐income countries it is endemic and is an important public health problem. Severe dengue is an important cause of death in children. There is no specific treatment for dengue, but observational studies suggest corticosteroids may have a benefit in dengue‐related shock, and some people believe corticosteroids may prevent the progression to severe illness if given early in the course of the illness. Objectives To compare treatment of dengue with and without use of corticosteroids or placebo in relation to preventing shock‐related death and disease progression in children and adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Disease Group Centralized Register; CENTRAL; MEDLINE; EMBASE; and LILACS, up to 6 January 2014. We screened reference lists and contacted the relevant study authors for additional information where required. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials or quasi‐randomized controlled trials comparing corticosteroids with placebo or no corticosteroids in patients diagnosed with dengue‐related shock, or patients in an early symptomatic state of dengue with positive serology. Data collection and analysis Two researchers independently screened eligibility of records, extracted data and assessed quality of the studies. We presented findings in meta‐analysis and summary of findings tables and evaluated the quality of evidence using GRADE. Main results We included eight studies enrolling 948 participants in this review. Paitents with dengue‐related shock Four studies enrolled children younger than 15 years with dengue‐related shock at hospitals in Southeast Asia and evaluated intravenous corticosteroids. The trials did not detect an effect on death (four trials, 284 participants,  very low quality evidence) , the need for blood transfusion (two trials, 89 participants,  very low quality evidence ), pulmonary haemorrhage (one trial, 63 participants,  very low quality evidence ), convulsions (one trial, 63 participants,  very low quality evidence ), or duration of hospitalization (one trial, 63 participants,  very low quality evidence ). The body of evidence is too small to confidently prove or exclude clinically important effects. Furthermore, the trials are more than 20 years old with several methodological limitations. Patients with dengue at an early stage Four studies enrolled 664 children and adults with dengue at an early stage of infection (without shock) in Columbia, India, Sri Lanka and Vietnam. In these participants there were no evidence of effects of oral or intravenous corticosteroids on mortality (four trials, 664 participants,  low quality evidence),  or on the development of complications of severe dengue such as shock (two trials, 286 participants,  very low quality evidence ), severe bleeding (two trials, 425 participants,  very low quality evidence ), severe thrombocytopaenia (one trial, 225 participants,  very low quality evidence ), ascites (one trial, 178 participants,  very low quality evidence ) and intensive care unit (ICU) admissions (two trials, 286 participants,  very low quality evidence ). Authors' conclusions The evidence from trials using corticosteroids in dengue is inconclusive and the quality of evidence is low to very low. This applies to both the use of corticosteroids in dengue‐related shock and for dengue at an early stage. There is insufficient evidence to evaluate the effects of corticosteroids in the treatment of early stage dengue fever and dengue‐related shock outside of the context of a randomized controlled trial. 15 April 2019 No update planned Other This is not a current research question Plain language summary Corticosteroids for treating dengue infection in children and adults Dengue is a disease caused by a virus transmitted by mosquitoes, occurring in many resource‐limited countries, and children are often most severely affected. Most infected patients will recover with mild symptoms, but a few progress to severe dengue and may die. There is no specific treatment for dengue, but some clinicians provide corticosteroids at an early stage to prevent progression to severe dengue disease; and some treat patients with dengue‐related shock with corticosteroids to improve survival. It is important to summarise the effects of corticosteroids in dengue. We conducted a search up to 6 January 2014 and included eight studies which enrolled 948 participants in total. Four studies of corticosteroids in the treatment of dengue‐related shock assessed if corticosteroids could improve survival, but these studies were small and older than 20 years. The evidence we found is of very low quality and do not provide any reliable evidence for corticosteroids for treating dengue‐related shock. Four trials evaluated whether corticosteroids provided at an early stage of dengue could prevent development of complications of severe dengue. These trials were more recent, but data were insufficient to be sure whether corticosteroids have an effect on the course of the disease.
Interventions for cellulitis and erysipelas; Abstract - Background Cellulitis and erysipelas are now usually considered manifestations of the same condition, a skin infection associated with severe pain and systemic symptoms. A range of antibiotic treatments are suggested in guidelines. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of interventions for non‐surgically‐acquired cellulitis. Search methods In May 2010 we searched for randomised controlled trials in the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the ongoing trials databases. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials comparing two or more different interventions for cellulitis. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results We included 25 studies with a total of 2488 participants. Our primary outcome 'symptoms rated by participant or medical practitioner or proportion symptom‐free' was commonly reported. No two trials examined the same drugs, therefore we grouped similar types of drugs together. Macrolides/streptogramins were found to be more effective than penicillin antibiotics (Risk ratio (RR) 0.84, 95% CI 0.73 to 0.97). In 3 trials involving 419 people, 2 of these studies used oral macrolide against intravenous (iv) penicillin demonstrating that oral therapies can be more effective than iv therapies (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.73 to 0.98). Three studies with a total of 88 people comparing a penicillin with a cephalosporin showed no difference in treatment effect (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.43). Six trials which included 538 people that compared different generations of cephalosporin, showed no difference in treatment effect (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.94 to1.06). We found only small single studies for duration of antibiotic treatment, intramuscular versus intravenous route, the addition of corticosteroid to antibiotic treatment compared with antibiotic alone, and vibration therapy, so there was insufficient evidence to form conclusions. Only two studies investigated treatments for severe cellulitis and these selected different antibiotics for their comparisons, so we cannot make firm conclusions. Authors' conclusions We cannot define the best treatment for cellulitis and most recommendations are made on single trials. There is a need for trials to evaluate the efficacy of oral antibiotics against intravenous antibiotics in the community setting as there are service implications for cost and comfort. Plain language summary Interventions for cellulitis and erysipelas This review looks at interventions for the skin infections 'cellulitis' and 'erysipelas'. These two terms are now considered different presentations of the same condition by most experts, so they are considered together for this review. For simplicity we used the one term 'cellulitis' to refer to both conditions. Cellulitis is a common painful skin infection, usually bacterial, that may require hospitalisation in severe cases. There is variation in the types of treatments prescribed, so this review aims to collate evidence on the best treatments available. The infection most commonly affects the skin of the lower leg but can infect the skin in any part of the body, usually following an injury to the skin. The symptoms include severe pain, swelling, and inflammation, often accompanied by fever, rigours, nausea, and feeling generally unwell. The infection is usually treated with antibiotics, however corticosteroids and physical treatments have been used to reduce pain, redness, and swelling, and improve the circulation to the skin. We identified 25 randomised controlled trials. No two trials investigated the same antibiotics, and there was no standard treatment regime used as a comparison. We are not able to define the best treatment for cellulitis and our limited conclusions are mostly based on single trials. No single treatment was clearly superior. Surprisingly, oral antibiotics appeared to be more effective than antibiotics given into a vein for moderate and severe cellulitis. This merits further study. Antibiotics given by injection into a muscle were as effective as when given into a vein, with a lower incidence of adverse events. In one study the addition of corticosteroids to an antibiotic appeared to shorten the length of hospital stay, however further trials are needed. A single small study indicated vibration therapy may increase the rate of recovery but the results of single trials should be viewed with caution. We had insufficient data to give meaningful results for adverse events.
Glucocorticoids for acute viral bronchiolitis in infants and young children; Abstract - Background Previous systematic reviews have not shown clear benefit of glucocorticoids for acute viral bronchiolitis, but their use remains considerable. Recent large trials add substantially to current evidence and suggest novel glucocorticoid‐including treatment approaches. Objectives To review the efficacy and safety of systemic and inhaled glucocorticoids in children with acute viral bronchiolitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2012, Issue 12), MEDLINE (1950 to January week 2, 2013), EMBASE (1980 to January 2013), LILACS (1982 to January 2013), Scopus® (1823 to January 2013) and IRAN MedEx (1998 to November 2009). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing short‐term systemic or inhaled glucocorticoids versus placebo or another intervention in children under 24 months with acute bronchiolitis (first episode with wheezing). Our primary outcomes were: admissions by days 1 and 7 for outpatient studies; and length of stay (LOS) for inpatient studies. Secondary outcomes included clinical severity parameters, healthcare use, pulmonary function, symptoms, quality of life and harms. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data on study and participant characteristics, interventions and outcomes. We assessed risk of bias and graded strength of evidence. We meta‐analysed inpatient and outpatient results separately using random‐effects models. We pre‐specified subgroup analyses, including the combined use of bronchodilators used in a protocol. Main results We included 17 trials (2596 participants); three had low overall risk of bias. Baseline severity, glucocorticoid schemes, comparators and outcomes were heterogeneous. Glucocorticoids did not significantly reduce outpatient admissions by days 1 and 7 when compared to placebo (pooled risk ratios (RRs) 0.92; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.78 to 1.08 and 0.86; 95% CI 0.7 to 1.06, respectively). There was no benefit in LOS for inpatients (mean difference ‐0.18 days; 95% CI ‐0.39 to 0.04). Unadjusted results from a large factorial low risk of bias RCT found combined high‐dose systemic dexamethasone and inhaled epinephrine reduced admissions by day 7 (baseline risk of admission 26%; RR 0.65; 95% CI 0.44 to 0.95; number needed to treat 11; 95% CI 7 to 76), with no differences in short‐term adverse effects. No other comparisons showed relevant differences in primary outcomes. Authors' conclusions Current evidence does not support a clinically relevant effect of systemic or inhaled glucocorticoids on admissions or length of hospitalisation. Combined dexamethasone and epinephrine may reduce outpatient admissions, but results are exploratory and safety data limited. Future research should further assess the efficacy, harms and applicability of combined therapy. Plain language summary Glucocorticoids for acute viral bronchiolitis in infants and young children under two years of age Bronchiolitis is the most common acute infection of the airways and lungs during the first years of life. It is caused by viruses,   the most common being respiratory syncytial virus. The   illness starts similar to a cold, with symptoms such as a runny nose,   mild fever and cough. It later leads to fast, troubled and often noisy   breathing (for example, wheezing). While the disease is often mild for most healthy babies and young children, it is a major cause of clinical illness and financial health burden worldwide. Hospitalisations have risen in high‐income countries, there is substantial healthcare use and bronchiolitis may be linked with preschool wheezing disorders and the child later developing asthma. There is variation in how physicians manage bronchiolitis, reflecting the absence of clear scientific evidence for any treatment approach. Anti‐inflammatory drugs like glucocorticoids (for example, prednisolone or dexamethasone) have been used based on apparent similarities between bronchiolitis and asthma. However, no clear benefit of their use has been shown. Our systematic review found 17 controlled studies involving 2596 affected children that used these drugs for a short duration and assessed short‐term outcomes. When comparing glucocorticoids to placebo, no differences were found for either hospital admissions or length of hospital stay. There was no substantial benefit in other health outcomes. These findings are consistent and likely to be applicable in diverse settings. Exploratory results from one large high‐quality trial suggest that combined treatment of systemic glucocorticoids (dexamethasone) and bronchodilators (epinephrine) may significantly reduce hospital admissions. There were no relevant short‐term adverse effects that were any different from those seen with an inactive placebo, while long‐term safety was not assessed. Further research is needed to confirm the efficacy, safety and applicability of this promising approach.
Short versus long duration infusions of paclitaxel for any advanced adenocarcinoma; Abstract - Background Paclitaxel has become a standard drug used in a number of common cancers. At first long infusions were used to reduce the rate of inflow of the drug and as a result reduce the occurrence of hypersensitivity types of allergic reactions. Trials with shorter durations of infusion, and using a cocktail of anti‐allergic drugs to prevent hypersensitivity reactions, some randomised, were begun. These were interpreted as showing that effectiveness of treatment was not lessened by a short infusion time. These studies also appeared to show that some important toxicities were less common with short infusions and that they were more convenient for the patient and the hospital. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and toxicity of short versus long infusions of paclitaxel for any advanced adenocarcinoma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecological Cancer Review Group Specialised Register, The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) Issue 1, 2009, MEDLINE and EMBASE up to March 2009. We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings, reference lists of included trials and contacted experts in the field, as well as drug companies. Selection criteria The review was restricted to randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of single agent paclitaxel or paclitaxel with other drugs, where the only variable was the duration of paclitaxel infusion. The review only includes patients with advanced adenocarcinoma. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently abstracted data and assessed risk of bias. Where possible the data were synthesised in meta‐analyses. Main results We identified six trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials compared 3, 24 and 96 hour infusions and one trial examined different schedules (1 versus 3 day). From the included RCTs we found no evidence of a difference between short and long infusions in terms of overall and progression‐free survival and tumour non‐response. In most cases a greater proportion of adverse events and severe toxicity occurred in the 24 hour infusion group compared to the 3 hour group with many of the analyses being highly statistically significant (RR = 0.32, 95% CI 0.22, 0.47, RR = 0.06, 95% CI 0.02, 0.17, RR = 0.59, 95% CI 0.40, 0.88, RR = 0.52, 95% CI 0.28, 0.97 for severe hypersensitivity, febrile neutropenia, sore mouth and diarrhoea outcomes respectively). Although a meta analysis of three trials found that 3 hour infusions were associated with a statistically significant increase in the risk of neurosensory changes compared with 24 hour infusions (RR = 1.26, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.46). Adverses events were not comprehensively reported for any of the other comparisons. Outcomes were incompletely documented and QoL outcomes were not reported in any of the trials. The strength of the evidence is weak in this review as it is based on meta analyses of very few trials or single trial analyses and all trials were at moderate risk of bias and two were published in abstract form only. Authors' conclusions Ideally, large, multi‐centre supporting trials are needed as outcomes were incompletely reported in included trials in this review. It may be beneficial to design a multi‐arm trial comparing 3, 24 and 96 hour infusions or maybe looking at different schedules. In the absence of such trials, the decision to offer short or long infusions in advanced adenocarcinoma may need to be individualised, although it certainly appears that women have less toxicity, apart from sensory nerve damage, with a shorter infusion. Efficacy appearing similar regardless of infusion duration. Plain language summary Comparing the time taken to give paclitaxel (an anticancer drug) in advanced adenocarcinoma Paclitaxel is derived from Yews (a type of tree), and can be used to treat for several cancers such as lung, womb, ovary and breast. It was initially given by a long infusion (injection) over 24 hours, with premedication to avoid any allergic reactions. It was also thought this method would be more active against tumours. Six randomised trials were included in this review, which found that short (three hour) infusions are more convenient and caused significantly fewer adverse (side) effects (i.e. decreased white blood cell counts, fever, infection or sore mouth). With short‐infusion paclitaxel there is no obvious loss of effectiveness when compared with longer infusions, although further clinical trials are needed to be sure of this.
Blood transfusions for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background Sickle cell disease is an inherited autosomal recessive blood condition and is one of the most prevalent genetic blood diseases worldwide. Acute chest syndrome is a frequent complication of sickle cell disease, as well as a major cause of morbidity and the greatest single cause of mortality in children with sickle cell disease. Standard treatment may include intravenous hydration, oxygen as treatment for hypoxia, antibiotics to treat the infectious cause and blood transfusions may be given. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2010 and updated in 2016. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of blood transfusions, simple and exchange, for treating acute chest syndrome by comparing improvement in symptoms and clinical outcomes against standard care. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register, which comprises references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearching of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. Date of the most recent search: 30 May 2019. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing either simple or exchange transfusion versus standard care (no transfusion) in people with sickle cell disease suffering from acute chest syndrome. Data collection and analysis Both authors independently selected trials and assessed the risk of bias, no data could be extracted. Main results One trial was eligible for inclusion in the review. While in the multicentre trial 237 people were enrolled (169 SCC, 42 SC, 15 Sβ⁰‐thalassaemia, 11Sβ + ‐thalassaemia); the majority were recruited to an observational arm and only ten participants met the inclusion criteria for randomisation. Of these, four were randomised to the transfusion arm and received a single transfusion of 7 to 13 mL/kg packed red blood cells, and six were randomised to standard care. None of the four participants who received packed red blood cells developed acute chest syndrome, while 33% (two participants) developed acute chest syndrome in standard care arm. No data for any pre‐defined outcomes were available. Authors' conclusions We found only one very small randomised controlled trial; this is not enough to make any reliable conclusion to support the use of blood transfusion. Whilst there appears to be some indication that chronic blood transfusion may play a roll in reducing the incidence of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease and albeit offering transfusions may be a widely accepted clinical practice, there is currently no reliable evidence to support or refute the perceived benefits of these as treatment options; very limited information about any of the potential harms associated with these interventions or indeed guidance that can be used to aid clinical decision making. Clinicians should therefore base any treatment decisions on a combination of; their clinical experience, individual circumstances and the unique characteristics and preferences of adequately informed people with sickle cell disease who are suffering with acute chest syndrome. This review highlights the need of further high quality research to provide reliable evidence for the effectiveness of these interventions for the relief of the symptoms of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Plain language summary Blood transfusions for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease Review question We reviewed the effectiveness of blood transfusions, for treating acute chest syndrome by comparing improvement in symptoms and clinical outcomes against standard care. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2010 and updated in 2016. Background Sickle cell disease (SCD) is an inherited blood condition affecting over 250 million people worldwide and is particularly common in Sub‐Saharan Africa, South and Central America, Saudi Arabia, India and a number of Mediterranean countries. It is characterized by the presence of sickle‐shaped red blood cells which are capable of blocking the blood vessels causing pain and severe damage to several organs of the body. People with SCD may have the acute onset of chest problems which may include fever, this is called acute chest syndrome. Treatment will depend on the individuals' clinical condition and the severity of the symptoms. Standard treatment consists of supportive care, antibiotics, intravenous fluids and blood transfusion, either simple or exchange, may also be indicated. Search date The evidence is current to: 30 May 2019. Key results One study was included in the review, there were two parts to the study, one larger observational study and one randomised trial which was to assess transfusion versus standard care to prevent acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease, while twenty‐six centres were contracted. Only 10 participants were enrolled into the randomised trial. The effects of blood transfusions could not be determined from the trial; there were no data that could be presented or therefore analysed within this review for the very small number of participants enrolled. Therefore, this unique study did not show how effective blood transfusions might be for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Future research is needed to provide evidence for people to make informed decisions on whether blood transfusions are effective for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease.
Antibiotics for preventing suppurative complications from undifferentiated acute respiratory infections in children under five years of age; Abstract - Background Undifferentiated acute respiratory infections (ARIs) are a large and heterogeneous group of infections not clearly restricted to one specific part of the upper respiratory tract, which last for up to seven days. They are more common in pre‐school children in low‐income countries and are responsible for 75% of the total amount of prescribed antibiotics in high‐income countries. One possible rationale for prescribing antibiotics is the wish to prevent bacterial complications. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of antibiotics in preventing bacterial complications in children aged two months to 59 months with undifferentiated ARIs. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 7), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1950 to August week 1, 2015) and EMBASE (1974 to August 2015). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs comparing antibiotic prescriptions with placebo or no treatment in children aged two months to 59 months with an undifferentiated ARI for up to seven days. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted and analysed data using the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Main results We identified four trials involving 1314 children. Three trials investigated the use of amoxicillin/clavulanic acid to prevent otitis and one investigated ampicillin to prevent pneumonia. The use of amoxicillin/clavulanic acid compared to placebo to prevent otitis showed a risk ratio (RR) of 0.70 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.45 to 1.11, three trials, 414 selected children, moderate‐quality evidence). Methods of random sequence generation and allocation concealment were not clearly stated in two trials. Performance, detection and reporting bias could not be ruled out in three trials. Ampicillin compared to supportive care (continuation of breastfeeding, clearing of the nose and paracetamol for fever control) to prevent pneumonia showed a RR of 1.05 (95% CI 0.74 to 1.49, one trial, 889 selected children, moderate‐quality evidence). The trial was non‐blinded. Random sequence generation and allocation concealment methods were not clearly stated, so the possibility of reporting bias could not be ruled out. Harm outcomes could not be analysed as they were expressed only in percentages. We found no studies assessing mastoiditis, quinsy, abscess, meningitis, hospital admission or death. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence for antibiotic use as a means of reducing the risk of otitis or pneumonia in children up to five years of age with undifferentiated ARIs. Further high‐quality research is needed to provide more definitive evidence of the effectiveness of antibiotics in this population. Plain language summary Antibiotics for common respiratory infections with unclear causes and undifferentiated symptoms in children up to five years of age Review question   Do antibiotics prevent more severe infections in children up to five years old with common upper acute respiratory infections (ARIs)? Background   Common upper ARIs are a large and varied groups of infections. They occur in any part of the upper respiratory system, last for up to seven days and have a wide variety of causes. They may lead to complications such as ear, throat and sinus infections. More common in pre‐school children, they are the most frequent reason for parents to seek medical assistance. Furthermore, they are responsible for 75% of the total prescribed antibiotics in high‐income countries. One possible rationale for prescribing antibiotics is the wish to prevent bacterial complications. Methods   This review focuses on the use of antibiotics to prevent clinical bacterial complications in children up to five years of age with common and undifferentiated ARIs. This is an update of a review previously published in 2014. The evidence is current to August 2015. In this update we retrieved 616 new studies, but none met our inclusion criteria. Studies characteristics   We included four trials (1314 children) in this review. Three trials (414 children, during seven days) investigated the use of an antibiotic (amoxicillin/clavulanic acid) to prevent otitis media. One trial (889 children, during two weeks) investigated the use of another antibiotic (ampicillin) to prevent pneumonia. Only one trial addressed harms. However, we could not analyse the data as it was expressed in percentages rather then absolute terms. No studies assessed other severe complications (mastoiditis, quinsy, abscess, meningitis), hospital admission or death. Key results   Current evidence does not provide support for the use of antibiotics to prevent otitis media and pneumonia in children up to five years of age with common upper ARIs. Quality of the evidence   In the trials treating otitis media, the quality of the evidence was moderate as the methods for avoiding bias were not clearly stated. Furthermore, in one trial a pharmaceutical company prepared the placebo syrup used in the trial. In the study treating pneumonia, we classified the quality of the evidence as moderate, because the families previously knew if their children were receiving antibiotics or not. Furthermore, the methods for avoiding bias were not clearly stated by the trial authors. Further high‐quality research is needed to provide more definitive evidence of the effectiveness of antibiotics in this population.
Hepatitis B immunisation in persons not previously exposed to hepatitis B or with unknown exposure status; Abstract - Background The benefits and harms of hepatitis B vaccination in persons not previously exposed to hepatitis B infection or with unknown exposure status have not been established. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of hepatitis B vaccination in people not previously exposed to hepatitis B infection or with unknown exposure status. Search methods Trials were identified from The  Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  LILACS, Science Citation Index Expanded  (last search, March 2007). Additionally, we contacted experts and vaccine manufacturers, and read through reference lists for eligible trials. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials comparing hepatitis B vaccine versus placebo, no intervention, or another vaccine in persons not previously exposed to hepatitis B (HBsAg negative) or with unknown exposure status. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was hepatitis B infection (detecting HBsAg, HBeAg, HBV DNA, or anti‐HBc). Secondary outcomes were lack of sero‐protection, antibody titre, clinical complications, adverse events, lack of compliance, and cost‐effectiveness. Dichotomous outcomes were reported as relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI), using intention‐to‐treat analysis assuming an unfavourable event for missing data. Sensitivity analyses based on methodological quality (risk of bias), available data analysis, intention‐to‐treat analysis assuming a favourable event for missing data, best‐case scenario, and worst‐case scenario were conducted. Main results Twelve trials were eligible. All had high risk of bias and reporting was inconsistent. Hepatitis B vaccine did not show a clear effect on the risk of developing HBsAg (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.03, 4 trials, 1230 participants) and anti‐HBc (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.07; 4 trials, 1230 participants, random‐effects) when data were analysed using intention‐to‐treat analysis assuming an unfavourable event for missing data. Analysis based on data of available participants showed reduced risk of developing HBsAg (RR 0.12, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.44, 4 trials, 576 participants) and anti‐HBc (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.76, 4 trials, 576 participants, random‐effects). Intention‐to‐treat analysis assuming favourable outcome for missing data showed similar reduction in risk. Hepatitis B vaccination had an unclear effect on the risk of lacking protective antibody levels (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.26 to 1.27, 3 trials, 1210 participants, random‐effects). Development of adverse events was sparsely reported. Authors' conclusions In people not previously exposed to hepatitis B, vaccination has unclear effect on the risk of developing infection, as compared to no vaccination. The risk of lacking protective antibody levels as well as serious and non‐serious adverse events appear comparable among recipients and non‐recipients of hepatitis B vaccine. Plain language summary In children or grown‐ups who have not been previously exposed to hepatitis B infection or whose exposure status is not known, hepatitis B vaccination as compared with no hepatitis B vaccination has an unclear effect on the risk of developing hepatitis B infection Several million people world‐wide are infected with hepatitis B virus. The infection may cause serious short‐term and long‐term effects including portal hypertension, liver failure, liver cancer, and death. Hepatitis B vaccination is reported to be beneficial in some specific groups of people such as babies born to women infected with hepatitis B, health‐care workers, and people with long‐standing kidney failure. Whether hepatitis B vaccine is beneficial in people who have not been exposed to hepatitis B infection or those whose exposure status is not known is assessed in the present review. Twelve randomised clinical trials fulfilled the inclusion criteria of this review. Primary analysis of the data based on criteria described beforehand (intention‐to‐treat model assigning unfavourable outcome for missing data) showed that hepatitis B vaccination has an unclear effect on the risk of developing hepatitis B infection. Analysis of data of available participants in the various trials showed that as compared to not vaccinating, hepatitis B vaccination reduces the risk of developing hepatitis B infection; by 88% for hepatitis B surface antigen marker and 62% for anti‐core antibody marker. One should note, that these findings are based on only four randomised clinical trials of poor methodological quality involving 1230 participants. When compared with other vaccines or placebo, hepatitis B vaccination results in comparable risk of developing adverse events. This includes serious adverse events such as admission to hospital and convulsions, as well as less serious events such as fever, local redness, and pain. This shows that the risk of developing these adverse events is not more than with other vaccinations. There was not enough data to draw definite conclusions on the effect of hepatitis B vaccination on compliance and cost‐effectiveness.
Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists for kidney transplant recipients; Abstract - Background Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists (IL2Ra) are used as induction therapy for prophylaxis against acute rejection in kidney transplant recipients. Use of IL2Ra has increased steadily since their introduction, but the proportion of new transplant recipients receiving IL2Ra differs around the globe, with 27% of new kidney transplant recipients in the United States, and 70 %  in Australasia receiving IL2Ra in 2007. Objectives To systematically identify and summarise the effects of using an IL2Ra, as an addition to standard therapy, or as an alternative to another immunosuppressive induction strategy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group’s specialised register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE and EMBASE to identify new records, and authors of included reports were contacted for clarification where necessary. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in all languages comparing IL2Ra to placebo, no treatment, other IL2Ra or other antibody therapy. Data collection and analysis Data was extracted and assessed independently by two authors, with differences resolved by discussion. Dichotomous outcomes are reported as relative risk (RR) and continuous outcomes as mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included 71 studies (306 reports, 10,520 participants). Where IL2Ra were compared with placebo (32 studies; 5,854 patients) graft loss including death with a functioning graft was reduced by 25% at six months (16 studies: RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.98) and one year (24 studies: RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.90), but not beyond this. At one year biopsy‐proven acute rejection was reduced by 28% (14 studies: RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.64 to 0.81), and there was a 19% reduction in CMV disease (13 studies: RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.68 to 0.97). There was a 64% reduction in early malignancy within six months (8 studies: RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.86), and creatinine was lower (7 studies: MD ‐8.18 µmol/L 95% CI ‐14.28 to ‐2.09) but these differences were not sustained. When IL2Ra were compared to ATG (18 studies, 1,844 participants), there was no difference in graft loss at any time point, or for acute rejection diagnosed clinically, but the was benefit of ATG therapy over IL2Ra for biopsy‐proven acute rejection at one year (8 studies:, RR 1.30 95% CI 1.01 to 1.67), but at the cost of a 75% increase in malignancy (7 studies: RR 0.25 95% CI 0.07 to 0.87) and a 32% increase in CMV disease (13 studies: RR 0.68 95% CI 0.50 to 0.93). Serum creatinine was significantly lower for IL2Ra treated patients at six months (4 studies: MD ‐11.20 µmol/L 95% CI ‐19.94 to ‐2.09). ATG patients experienced significantly more fever, cytokine release syndrome and other adverse reactions to drug administration and more leucopenia but not thrombocytopenia. There were no significant differences in outcomes according to cyclosporine or tacrolimus use, azathioprine or mycophenolate, or to the study populations baseline risk for acute rejection. There was no evidence that effects were different according to whether equine or rabbit ATG was used. Authors' conclusions Given a 38% risk of rejection, per 100 recipients compared with no treatment, nine recipients would need treatment with IL2Ra to prevent one recipient having rejection, 42 to prevent one graft loss, and 38 to prevent one having CMV disease over the first year post‐transplantation. Compared with ATG treatment, ATG may prevent some experiencing acute rejection, but 16 recipients would need IL2Ra to prevent one having CMV, but 58 would need IL2Ra to prevent one having malignancy. There are no apparent differences between basiliximab and daclizumab. IL2Ra are as effective as other antibody therapies and with significantly fewer side effects. Plain language summary Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists (IL2Ra) reduce the risk of acute rejection episodes at six and twelve months after kidney transplantation Acute rejection is a major problem in the early period following kidney transplantation. Immunosuppressive drugs are used to prevent this. IL2Ra, a newer antibody therapy, can be added to a patient's existing immunosuppression to further reduce the risk of rejection. This review found that adding IL2Ra reduced the risk of graft loss or death with a functioning transplant, acute rejection, and early malignancy, but did not improve patient survival. Compared to ATG, another possible antibody option, IL2Ra treatment caused less CMV disease and malignancy and had fewer side effects, but although there was no difference in clinically diagnosed acute rejection, IL2Ra treatment resulted in more biopsy proven rejection at 1 year.
Antiviral agents for treatment of herpes simplex virus infection in neonates; Abstract - Background Herpes simplex virus (HSV) is a rare but serious neonatal pathogen. Prior to the availability of antiviral drugs the mortality associated with all but localised neonatal infection was high, with 85% of infants with disseminated HSV infection and 50% of infants with encephalitis dying by one year of age. The morbidity in the survivors of multiorgan infection was also high, with up to 50% experiencing long‐term neurological sequelae. Objectives To determine the effect of antiviral agents in the treatment of neonatal HSV infections on mortality, progression of disease and neurodevelopmental sequelae at approximately one year. The secondary objective was to assess the effect of antiviral agents on major complications associated with the use of these agents including nephrotoxicity and bone marrow suppression. Search methods Trials were identified by searching the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 4, 2008), MEDLINE (1996 ‐ Nov 2008), EMBASE (1982 ‐ Nov 2008) and reference lists of published trials. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials of antiviral therapy in infants less than one month of age with virologically proven HSV infection were included. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted and the analyses performed independently by two review authors. Studies were analysed for methodological quality using the criteria of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. All data were analysed using RevMan 5.1. When possible, meta‐analysis was performed to calculate typical relative risk, typical risk difference, along with their 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Two eligible studies of a total of 273 infants were included. Both studies were randomized controlled trials. One study treated 63 infants with vidarabine or placebo (Whitley 1980) and the other study treated 210 infants with aciclovir or vidarabine (Whitley 1991). In the study comparing vidarabine with placebo (Whitley 1980), infants with all forms of neonatal HSV disease were included [disseminated disease, central nervous system (CNS) disease alone, and skin, eye and mouth (SEM) disease].There was no significant reduction in the risk of mortality when analyzed as an entire group; however, mortality was significantly reduced when data from infants with CNS disease or disseminated disease were combined. There was no difference in the rate of neurological abnormalities in survivors at one year when analyzed as an entire group or by disease category. There was no difference between aciclovir and vidarabine (Whitley 1991) in preventing mortality from neonatal HSV disease, in preventing disease progression, in reducing the incidence of neurological abnormality at one year, or in the incidence of drug‐induced renal or bone marrow toxicity. In infants with SEM disease, there was no significant difference in neurological outcome with aciclovir compared vidarabine treatment. Both drugs were well tolerated in the newborn period. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient trial evidence to evaluate the effects of antiviral agents with controls or with each other. The rarity of the condition makes effectively powered clinical trials difficult to perform. The efficacy of newer antiviral agents with better bioavailability (e.g. valaciclovir, valganciclovir) for the treatment of neonatal disease needs to be evaluated in randomised trials. The efficacy of oral formulations need to be evaluated as they may be useful for infants with skin, eye or mouth HSV disease or in the treatment of infants with recurrences after the neonatal period. Plain language summary Antiviral agents for treatment of herpes simplex virus infection in neonates The virus herpes simplex (herpes) causes a rare but devastating disease in the newborn that can range from skin and eye infection to shock, organ failure, brain infection, and death. Newborn herpes infection is an uncommon complication of active genital herpes in the mother around the time of delivery or after direct contact with a herpes blister ("fever blister", "cold sore") of an infected caregiver. We reviewed five studies conducted to assess the effects of antiviral agents (medications that reduce the spread of virus in the body) on mortality and long‐term complications of herpes disease in the newborn. Antiviral agents were shown to reduce mortality from the condition, but the reduction was not statistically significant due to the small number of infants in the study. There was insufficient trial data to guide caregivers regarding the duration of antiviral therapy or dose.
Intravenous immunoglobulin for the treatment of childhood encephalitis; Abstract - Background Encephalitis is a syndrome of neurological dysfunction due to inflammation of the brain parenchyma, caused by an infection or an exaggerated host immune response, or both. Attenuation of brain inflammation through modulation of the immune response could improve patient outcomes. Biological agents such as immunoglobulin that have both anti‐inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties may therefore be useful as adjunctive therapies for people with encephalitis. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) as add‐on treatment for children with encephalitis. Search methods The Cochrane Multiple Sclerosis and Rare Diseases of the CNS group's Information Specialist searched the following databases up to 30 September 2016: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the WHO ICTRP Search Portal. In addition, two review authors searched Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI‐EXPANDED) & Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Science (CPCI‐S) (Web of Science Core Collection, Thomson Reuters) (1945 to January 2016), Global Health Library (Virtual Health Library), and Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IVIG in addition to standard care versus standard care alone or placebo. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected articles for inclusion, extracted relevant data, and assessed quality of trials. We resolved disagreements by discussion among the review authors. Where possible, we contacted authors of included studies for additional information. We presented results as risk ratios (RR) or mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results The search identified three RCTs with 138 participants. All three trials included only children with viral encephalitis, one of these included only children with Japanese encephalitis, a specific form of viral encephalitis. Only the trial of Japanese encephalitis (22 children) contributed to the primary outcome of this review and follow‐up in that study was for three to six months after hospital discharge. There was no follow‐up of participants in the other two studies. We identified one ongoing trial. For the primary outcomes, the results showed no significant difference between IVIG and placebo when used in the treatment of children with Japanese encephalitis: significant disability (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.22 to 2.60; P = 0.65) and serious adverse events (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.07 to 14.05; P = 1.00). For the secondary outcomes, the study of Japanese encephalitis showed no significant difference between IVIG and placebo when assessing significant disability at hospital discharge (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.67). There was no significant difference (P = 0.53) in Glasgow Coma Score at discharge between IVIG (median score 14; range 3 to 15) and placebo (median 14 score; range 7 to 15) in the Japanese encephalitis study. The median length of hospital stay in the Japanese encephalitis study was similar for IVIG‐treated (median 13 days; range 9 to 21) and placebo‐treated (median 12 days; range 6 to 18) children (P = 0.59). Pooled analysis of the results of the other two studies resulted in a significantly lower mean length of hospital stay (MD ‐4.54 days, 95% CI ‐7.47 to ‐1.61; P = 0.002), time to resolution of fever (MD ‐0.97 days, 95% CI ‐1.25 to ‐0.69; P < 0.00001), time to stop spasms (MD ‐1.49 days, 95% CI ‐1.97 to ‐1.01; P < 0.00001), time to regain consciousness (MD ‐1.10 days, 95% CI ‐1.48 to ‐0.72; P < 0.00001), and time to resolution of neuropathic symptoms (MD ‐3.20 days, 95% CI ‐3.34 to ‐3.06; P < 0.00001) in favour of IVIG when compared with standard care. None of the included studies reported other outcomes of interest in this review including need for invasive ventilation, duration of invasive ventilation, cognitive impairment, poor adaptive functioning, quality of life, number of seizures, and new diagnosis of epilepsy. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes of this review. Authors' conclusions The findings suggest a clinical benefit of adjunctive IVIG treatment for children with viral encephalitis for some clinical measures (i.e. mean length of hospital stay, time (days) to stop spasms, time to regain consciousness, and time to resolution of neuropathic symptoms and fever. For children with Japanese encephalitis, IVIG had a similar effect to placebo when assessing significant disability and serious adverse events. Despite these findings, the risk of bias in the included studies and quality of the evidence make it impossible to reach any firm conclusions on the efficacy and safety of IVIG as add‐on treatment for children with encephalitis. Furthermore, the included studies involved only children with viral encephalitis, therefore findings of this review cannot be generalised to all forms of encephalitis. Future well‐designed RCTs are needed to assess the efficacy and safety of IVIG in the management of children with all forms of encephalitis. There is a need for internationally agreed core outcome measures for clinical trials in childhood encephalitis. Plain language summary An assessment of the effectiveness and safety of a treatment used for children with encephalitis Background At present, there is uncertainty among clinicians regarding the routine use of a treatment called intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) in the management of children with some forms of encephalitis (inflammation of the brain). This study is important because it is the first to evaluate through direct comparison whether adding IVIG to standard treatment has added beneficial effect in terms of clinical effectiveness and safety in the management of children with encephalitis. Study characteristics We searched medical databases for studies in which neither participants nor researchers were told which treatment was given (called a randomised double‐blind trial). The effectiveness and safety of IVIG were considered in terms of the occurrence of significant disability at six months after hospital discharge and the proportion of children experiencing at least one serious side effect. Key results and quality of evidence Up to 30 September 2016, only three studies comprising 138 children met the criteria to be included in this review. All three studies included only children with viral encephalitis. One study of Japanese encephalitis, a specific form of viral encephalitis, analysed both effectiveness and safety, and concluded that IVIG treatment had no additional beneficial effects when compared with placebo (pretend) treatment. The other two studies analysed other measurements, such as length of hospital stay, time to resolution of spasms, symptoms arising due to nerve damage, and time to regain consciousness and concluded that adding IVIG treatment was more effective than standard care alone when these outcomes were considered. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of children and studies. Conclusions The quality of evidence in the included studies was very low, making it impossible to draw any firm and definite conclusions on the clinical efficacy and safety of IVIG treatment for children with encephalitis. Furthermore, there was no information on funding while, for one study, the main authors' group was affiliated to the funding body: this is a well‐known potential source of conflict of interest and thus of bias.
Interventions to reduce body temperature to 35 ⁰C to 37 ⁰C in adults and children with traumatic brain injury; Abstract - Background Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major cause of death and disability, with an estimated 5.5 million people experiencing severe TBI worldwide every year. Observational clinical studies of people with TBI suggest an association between raised body temperature and unfavourable outcome, although this relationship is inconsistent. Additionally, preclinical models suggest that reducing temperature to 35 °C to 37.5 °C improves biochemical and histopathological outcomes compared to reducing temperature to a lower threshold of 33 °C to 35 °C. It is unknown whether reducing body temperature to 35 °C to 37.5 °C in people admitted to hospital with TBI is beneficial, has no effect, or causes harm. This is an update of a review last published in 2014. Objectives To assess the effects of pharmacological interventions or physical interventions given with the intention of reducing body temperature to 35 °C to 37.5 °C in adults and children admitted to hospital after TBI. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and PubMed on 28 November 2019. We searched clinical trials registers, grey literature and references lists of reviews, and we carried out forward citation searches of included studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with participants of any age admitted to hospital following TBI. We included interventions that aimed to reduce body temperature to 35 °C to 37.5 °C: these included pharmacological interventions (such as paracetamol, or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs), or physical interventions (such as surface cooling devices, bedside fans, or cooled intravenous fluids). Eligible comparators were placebo or usual care. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted data, and assessed risks of bias. We assessed the certainty of the evidence with GRADE. Main results We included one RCT with 41 participants. This study recruited adult participants admitted to two intensive care units in Australia, and evaluated a pharmacological intervention. Researchers gave participants 1 g paracetamol or a placebo intravenously at four‐hourly intervals for 72 hours. We could not be certain whether intravenous paracetamol influenced mortality at 28 days (risk ratio 2.86, 95% confidence interval 0.32 to 25.24). We judged the evidence for this outcome to be very low certainty, meaning we have very little confidence in this effect estimate, and the true result may be substantially different to this effect. We downgraded the certainty for imprecision (because the evidence was from a single study with very few participants), and study limitations (because we noted a high risk of selective reporting bias). This study was otherwise at low risk of bias. The included study did not report the primary outcome for this review, which was the number of people with a poor outcome at the end of follow‐up (defined as death or dependency, as measured on a scale such as the Glasgow Outcome Score), or any of our secondary outcomes, which included the number of people with further intracranial haemorrhage, extracranial haemorrhage, abnormal intracranial pressure, or pneumonia or other serious infections. The only other completed trial that we found was of a physical intervention that compared advanced fever control (using a surface cooling device) versus conventional fever control in 12 participants. The trial was published as an abstract only, with insufficient details to allow inclusion, so we have added this to the 'studies awaiting classification' section, pending further information from the study authors or publication of the full study report. We identified four ongoing studies that will contribute evidence to future updates of the review if they measure relevant outcomes and, in studies with a mixed population, report data separately for participants with TBI. Authors' conclusions One small study contributed very low‐certainty evidence for mortality to this review. The uncertainty is largely driven by limited research into reduction of body temperature to 35 °C to 37.5 °C in people with TBI. Further research that evaluates pharmacological or physical interventions, or both, may increase certainty in this field. We propose that future updates of the review, and ongoing and future research in this field, incorporate outcomes that are important to the people receiving the interventions, including side effects of any pharmacological agent (e.g. nausea or vomiting), and discomfort caused by physical therapies. Plain language summary Treatments to reduce body temperature to 35 ºC to 37.5 °C in people who are in hospital after a traumatic brain injury Background Traumatic brain injury occurs as a result of direct impact to the brain, such as after a road traffic accident or fall from a height. It is a major cause of death and disability, experienced by about 5.5 million people worldwide every year. Damage occurs in two stages: firstly, at the time of impact; and secondly, in the hours and weeks following injury. Management of a traumatic brain injury aims to reduce the impact of this secondary damage. There is some evidence to suggest that people with a normal body temperature after injury may have a better outcome than those with a higher temperature.  Review question This review assessed whether medicines or physical cooling treatments that do not use medicine, given to reduce body temperature to between 35 °C and 37.5 °C, affect outcomes in adults or children who are in hospital after a traumatic brain injury. Search date We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to 28 November 2019. RCTs assign participants to treatment group by chance, and provide the most reliable type of evidence. Study characteristics We found only one small study with 41 people who had recently been admitted to the intensive care unit after a traumatic head injury. This study assessed the effects of paracetamol, given intravenously (through a needle or tube inserted into a vein) for 72 hours, compared to an intravenous salt solution that was disguised to look like the paracetamol solution. We found no full reports of studies that gave people with traumatic brain injury other medicines or physical cooling treatments, such as blankets, fans, or ice to cool the surface of the skin, or cooled intravenous fluids. We found a short report about one very small study of a physical cooling treatment. The report did not give enough information for us to include its data, but we may include it in future if more information becomes available. We also found four ongoing studies, which may provide more evidence for the review once they have completed. Some studies include participants who have other types of brain injury. We will only be able to include these studies in the review if they report the findings for people with traumatic brain injury separately from people with other conditions. Key results We were not sure whether paracetamol affected the number of people who died within 28 days of injury. This study did not report information on the outcomes of interest to us, which included: whether people had a poor outcome (defined as death or dependency); additional serious bleeding inside the brain; bleeding of the head outside the brain; increased pressure within the skull (intracranial pressure); pneumonia or other serious infections. Certainty of the evidence Although the study that provided the data generally appeared to use good methods, we judged it to have a high risk of bias because the study authors did not record in advance that they planned to report on the number of people who died, even though they had shared their study plans before they started the study. Having only one study, with very few participants, means that we cannot be certain whether the results would be the same in larger studies with more people. We judged the evidence for death to be very low certainty. This means we are not very confident about the key results in this review. The true effect of treatments may be very different from the key results reported here. Conclusions We are uncertain of the effects of medicines and other physical cooling treatments to reduce body temperature to 35 °C to 37.5 °C, when given to people in hospital after a traumatic head injury. More studies are needed to assess this question. In future updates, we will assess the side effects of treatments, such as nausea and vomiting, or discomfort, and we hope that ongoing and future studies will also look at these important outcomes.
Chemotherapy for children with medulloblastoma; Abstract - Background Post‐surgical radiotherapy (RT) in combination with chemotherapy is considered as standard of care for medulloblastoma in children. Chemotherapy has been introduced to improve survival and to reduce RT‐induced adverse effects. Reduction of RT‐induced adverse effects was achieved by deleting (craniospinal) RT in very young children and by diminishing the dose and field to the craniospinal axis and reducing the boost volume to the tumour bed in older children. Objectives Primary objectives: 1. to determine the event‐free survival/disease‐free survival (EFS/DFS) and overall survival (OS) in children with medulloblastoma receiving chemotherapy as a part of their primary treatment, as compared with children not receiving chemotherapy as part of their primary treatment; 2. to determine EFS/DFS and OS in children with medulloblastoma receiving standard‐dose RT without chemotherapy, as compared with children receiving reduced‐dose RT with chemotherapy as their primary treatment. Secondary objectives: to determine possible adverse effects of chemotherapy and RT, including long‐term adverse effects and effects on quality of life. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2013, Issue 7), MEDLINE/PubMed (1966 to August 2013) and EMBASE/Ovid (1980 to August 2013). In addition, we searched reference lists of relevant articles, conference proceedings and ongoing trial databases (August 2013). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the above treatments in children (aged 0 to 21 years) with medulloblastoma. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, data extraction and risk of bias assessment. We performed analyses according to the guidelines of the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . Where possible, we pooled results. Main results The search identified seven RCTs, including 1080 children, evaluating treatment including chemotherapy and treatment not including chemotherapy. The meta‐analysis of EFS/DFS not including disease progression during therapy as an event in the definition showed a difference in favour of treatment including chemotherapy (hazard ratio (HR) 0.70; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.91; P value = 0.007; 2 studies; 465 children). However, not including disease progression as an event might not be optimal and the finding was not confirmed in the meta‐analysis of EFS/DFS including disease progression during therapy as an event in the definition (HR 1.02; 95% CI 0.70 to 1.47; P value = 0.93; 2 studies; 300 children). Two individual studies using unclear or other definitions of EFS/DFS also showed no clear evidence of difference between treatment arms (one study with unclear definition of DFS: HR 1.67; 95% CI 0.59 to 4.71; P value = 0.34; 48 children; one study with other definition of EFS: HR 0.84; 95% CI 0.58 to 1.21; P value = 0.34; 233 children). In addition, it should be noted that in one of the studies not including disease progression as an event, the difference in DFS only reached statistical significance while the study was running, but due to late relapses in the chemotherapy arm, this significance was no longer evident with longer follow‐up. There was no clear evidence of difference in OS between treatment arms (HR 1.06; 95% CI 0.67 to 1.67; P value = 0.80; 4 studies; 332 children). Out of eight reported adverse effects, of which seven were reported in one study, two (severe infections and fever/neutropenia) showed a difference in favour of treatment not including chemotherapy (severe infections: risk ratio (RR) 5.64; 95% CI 1.28 to 24.91; P value = 0.02; fever/neutropenia: RR not calculable; Fisher's exact P value = 0.01). There was no clear evidence of a difference between treatment arms for other adverse effects (acute alopecia: RR 1.00; 95% CI 0.92 to 1.08; P value = 1.00; reduction in intelligence quotient: RR 0.78; 95% CI 0.46 to 1.30; P value = 0.34; secondary malignancies: Fisher's exact P value = 0.5; haematological toxicity: RR 0.54; 95% CI 0.20 to 1.45; P value = 0.22; hepatotoxicity: Fisher's exact P value = 1.00; treatment‐related mortality: RR 2.37; 95% CI 0.43 to 12.98; P value = 0.32; 3 studies). Quality of life was not evaluated. In individual studies, the results in subgroups (i.e. younger/older children and high‐risk/non‐high‐risk children) were not univocal. The search found one RCT comparing standard‐dose RT with reduced‐dose RT plus chemotherapy. There was no clear evidence of a difference in EFS/DFS between groups (HR 1.54; 95% CI 0.81 to 2.94; P value = 0.19; 76 children). The RCT did not evaluate other outcomes and subgroups. The presence of bias could not be ruled out in any of the studies. Authors' conclusions Based on the evidence identified in this systematic review, a benefit of chemotherapy cannot be excluded, but at this moment we are unable to draw a definitive conclusion regarding treatment with or without chemotherapy. Treatment results must be viewed in the context of the complete therapy (e.g. the effect of surgery and craniospinal RT), and the different chemotherapy protocols used. This systematic review only allowed a conclusion on the concept of treatment, not on the best strategy regarding specific chemotherapeutic agents and radiation dose. Several factors complicated the interpretation of results including the long time span between studies with important changes in treatment in the meantime. 'No evidence of effect', as identified in this review, is not the same as 'evidence of no effect'. The fact that no significant differences between treatment arms were identified could, besides the earlier mentioned reasons, also be the result of low power or too short a follow‐up period. Even though RCTs are the highest level of evidence, it should be recognised that data from non‐randomised studies are available, for example on the use of chemotherapy only in very young children with promising results for children without metastatic disease. We found only one RCT addressing standard‐dose RT without chemotherapy versus reduced‐dose RT with chemotherapy, so no definitive conclusions can be made. More high‐quality research is needed. Plain language summary Chemotherapy for children with medulloblastoma Background Medulloblastoma is one of the most common malignant brain tumours in children. Chemotherapy is used to improve survival and diminish potential radiotherapy‐induced side effects. The reduction of radiotherapy‐induced side effects is achieved in very young children by not treating them with radiotherapy and in older children by diminishing the craniospinal radiotherapy (radiotherapy applied to the brain and spinal cord) dose and by reducing the boost volume to the tumour bed only instead of the whole posterior fossa (part of the brain). A well‐informed decision on the use of chemotherapy in the treatment of medulloblastoma in children should be based on high‐quality evidence on both the effectiveness against the tumour and side effects. Study characteristics We searched databases for randomised trials (studies where participants are allocated to one of two or more treatment groups in a random manner) evaluating the effectiveness of treatment including chemotherapy versus treatment not including chemotherapy (seven available studies) and on randomised studies evaluating the effectiveness of standard‐dose radiotherapy without chemotherapy versus reduced‐dose radiotherapy plus chemotherapy (one available study) in children (aged 0 to 21 years). The evidence is current to August 2013. Key results and quality of the evidence Based on the evidence identified in this systematic review a benefit of chemotherapy cannot be excluded, but at this moment we are unable to draw a definitive conclusion to favour treatment with or without chemotherapy. Even though randomised studies are the highest level of evidence, it should be recognised that data from non‐randomised studies were available, for example on the use of chemotherapy only in very young children. The results are promising for children without metastatic disease. For treatment with standard‐dose radiotherapy without chemotherapy as compared with reduced‐dose radiotherapy with chemotherapy, we also cannot make definitive recommendations. More high‐quality research is needed.
Different classes of antibiotics given to women routinely for preventing infection at caesarean section; Abstract - Background Caesarean section increases the risk of postpartum infection for women and prophylactic antibiotics have been shown to reduce the incidence; however, there are adverse effects. It is important to identify the most effective class of antibiotics to use and those with the least adverse effects.  Objectives To determine, from the best available evidence, the balance of benefits and harms between different classes of antibiotic given prophylactically to women undergoing caesarean section, considering their effectiveness in reducing infectious complications for women and adverse effects on both mother and infant. Search methods For this 2020 update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (2 December 2019), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different classes of prophylactic antibiotics given to women undergoing caesarean section.  RCTs published in abstract form were also included. We excluded trials that compared drugs with placebo or drugs within a specific class; these are assessed in other Cochrane Reviews. We excluded quasi‐RCTs and cross‐over trials. Cluster‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion, assessed risk of bias and carried out data extraction. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 39 studies, with 33 providing data (8073 women). Thirty‐two studies (7690 women) contributing data administered antibiotics systemically, while one study (383 women) used lavage and was analysed separately. We identified three main comparisons that addressed clinically important questions on antibiotics at caesarean section (all systemic administration), but we only found studies for one comparison, 'antistaphylococcal cephalosporins   (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors'.   We found no studies for the following comparisons: 'antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus lincosamides' and 'antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus lincosamides plus aminoglycosides'. Twenty‐seven studies (22 provided data) included comparisons of cephalosporins (only) versus penicillins (only). However for this update, we only pooled data relating to different sub‐classes of penicillins and cephalosporins where they are known to have similar spectra of action against agents likely to cause infection at caesarean section. Eight trials, providing data on 1540 women, reported on our main comparison, 'antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors'. We found data on four other comparisons of cephalosporins (only) versus penicillins (only) using systemic administration: antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus non‐antistaphylococcal penicillins (natural and broad spectrum) (9 studies, 3093 women); minimally antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (3 rd  generation) versus non‐antistaphylococcal penicillins (natural and broad spectrum) (4 studies, 854 women); minimally antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (3 rd  generation) versus broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors (2 studies, 865 women); and minimally antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (3rd generation) versus broad spectrum and antistaphylococcal penicillins (1 study, 200 women). For other comparisons of different classes of antibiotics, only a small number of trials provided data for each comparison, and in all but one case data were not pooled. For all comparisons, there was a lack of good quality data and important outcomes often included few women. Three of the studies that contributed data were undertaken with drug company funding, one was funded by the hospital, and for all other studies the funding source was not reported. Most of the studies were at unclear risk of selection bias, reporting bias and other biases, partly due to the inclusion of many older trials where trial reports did not provide sufficient methodological information. We undertook GRADE assessment on the only main comparison reported by the included studies, antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors, and the certainty ranged from low to very low, mostly due to concerns about risk of bias, wide confidence intervals (CI), and few events. In terms of the primary outcomes for our main comparison of 'antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (1 st  and 2 nd  generation) versus broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors': only one small study reported sepsis, and there were too few events to identify clear differences between the drugs (risk ratio (RR) 2.37, 95% CI 0.10 to 56.41, 1 study, 75 women,  very low‐certainty evidence ). There may be little or no difference between these antibiotics in preventing endometritis (RR 1.10; 95% CI 0.76 to 1.60, 7 studies, 1161 women;  low‐certainty evidence ). None of the included studies reported on infant sepsis or infant oral thrush. For our secondary outcomes, we found there may be little or no difference between interventions for maternal fever (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.75, 3 studies, 678 women;  low‐certainty evidence ). We are uncertain of the effects on maternal: wound infection (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.32 to 1.90, 4 studies, 543 women), urinary tract infection (average RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.11 to 3.73, 4 studies, 496 women), composite adverse effects (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.09 to 10.50, 2 studies, 468 women), and skin rash (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.28 to 4.1, 3 studies, 591 women) (all  very low certainty evidence).  Although maternal allergic reactions were reported by two studies, there were no events. There were no infant outcomes reported in the included studies. For the other comparisons, the results for most outcomes had wide CIs, few studies and few women included. None of the included trials reported on longer‐term maternal outcomes, or on any infant outcomes. Authors' conclusions Based on the best currently available evidence, 'antistaphylococcal cephalosporins' and 'broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors' may have similar efficacy at caesarean section when considering immediate postoperative infection, although we did not have clear evidence for several important outcomes. Most trials administered antibiotics at or after cord clamping, or post‐operatively, so results may have limited applicability to current practice which generally favours administration prior to skin incision. We have no data on any infant outcomes, nor on late infections (up to 30 days) in the mother; these are important gaps in the evidence that warrant further research. Antimicrobial resistance is very important but more appropriately investigated by other trial designs. Plain language summary Comparing different types of antibiotics given routinely to women at caesarean section to reduce infections What is the issue? We wanted to find out if giving specific types of antibiotics routinely at caesarean sections reduced the number of women and babies with infections, when compared with other types of antibiotics. We also looked to see if there were differences in adverse effects. The main types of antibiotics we considered were ones which target infections most commonly seen after giving birth, so we looked mainly at cephalosporins versus penicillins. We collected and analysed all relevant studies (randomised controlled trials) to answer this question (date of latest search 2 December 2019). Why is this important? Women undergoing caesarean section have an increased likelihood of infection compared with women giving birth vaginally. These infections can come from the urine, the surgical incision, or occur in the lining of the womb (endometritis). Infections can be serious, causing, for example, an abscess in the pelvis or infection in the blood. Very occasionally they can lead to a mother's death, particularly in low‐resource settings. Good surgical techniques are important to reduce infection, along with the use of skin antiseptics and giving antibiotics before the initiation of the caesarean section. Antibiotics can, however, cause adverse effects in the mother, such as nausea, vomiting, skin rash and in some rare cases allergic reactions. The mother and the baby can develop thrush (candida). Antibiotics given to women around the time of giving birth can also change the baby's gut flora and may interfere with the baby's developing immune system. What evidence did we find? We included 39 studies, of which 33 studies involving 8073 women and their babies provided data. The quality of the individual studies was generally unclear, which led to overall low or very low certainty of the evidence. Three of the 33 studies were undertaken with drug company funding. Most of the studies administered antibiotics at or after cord clamping, although practice now often gives antibiotics before skin incision. Eight studies with data on 1540 women reported on antistaphylococcal cephalosporins (first and second generation) versus broad spectrum penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors. We found that these antibiotics may be as effective as each other in reducing endometritis and maternal fever. We were uncertain which antibiotic performed better for wound infection, urinary tract infection, and maternal adverse effects such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea and skin rash. We did not find any evidence on longer‐term outcomes for mothers once they left hospital, or on any outcomes for babies. Only one small study (75 women) reported on blood infection (sepsis) in mothers, with too few events to identify any clear differences between the antibiotics. We identified no studies with evidence on antistaphylococcal cephalosporins versus lincosamides, nor antistaphylococcal cephalosporins versus lincosamides plus aminoglycosides. The other studies looked at a very large number of different comparisons with insufficient data to come to any firm conclusions about specific comparisons. What does this mean? At caesarean sections, antistaphylococcal cephalosporins and penicillins plus betalactamase inhibitors may be similarly effective at preventing infections for the mother, although we did not find clear evidence for many important outcomes. In particular, we found no evidence describing the effects of these antibiotics on babies, nor any longer‐term effects on women and children. This is particularly concerning for the studies giving the antibiotics prior to the surgical incision, as these antibiotics may reach the baby. For the other comparisons included in this review, data were sparse. Many studies were old and lacked information on study design and important outcomes, often including small numbers of women and few events. Research on drug‐resistant antibiotics needs to be considered as well.
Interventions for children with ear discharge occurring at least two weeks following grommet (ventilation tube) insertion; Abstract - Background Ear discharge (otorrhoea) is common in children with grommets (ventilation/tympanostomy tubes); the proportion of children developing discharge ranges from 25% to 75%. The most common treatment strategies include oral broad‐spectrum antibiotics, antibiotic eardrops or those containing a combination of antibiotic(s) and a corticosteroid, and initial observation. Important drivers for one strategy over the other are concerns over the side effects of oral antibiotics and the potential ototoxicity of antibiotic eardrops. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of current treatment strategies for children with ear discharge occurring at least two weeks following grommet (ventilation tube) insertion. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register, CENTRAL (2016, Issue 5), multiple databases and additional sources for published and unpublished trials (search date 23 June 2016). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing at least two of the following: oral antibiotics, oral corticosteroids, antibiotic eardrops (with or without corticosteroid), corticosteroid eardrops, microsuction cleaning of the ear canal, saline rinsing of the ear canal, placebo or no treatment. The main comparison of interest was antibiotic eardrops (with or without corticosteroid)  versus  oral antibiotics. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcomes were: proportion of children with resolution of ear discharge at short‐term follow‐up (less than two weeks), adverse events and serious complications. Secondary outcomes were: proportion of children with resolution of ear discharge at intermediate‐ (two to four weeks) and long‐term (four to 12 weeks) follow‐up, proportion of children with resolution of ear pain and fever at short‐term follow‐up ,  duration of ear discharge, proportion of children with chronic ear discharge, ear discharge recurrences, tube blockage, tube extrusion, health‐related quality of life and hearing. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome; this is indicated in  italics . Main results We included nine studies, evaluating a range of treatments, with 2132 children who developed acute ear discharge beyond the immediate postoperative period. We judged the risk of bias to be low to moderate in most studies. Antibiotic eardrops (with or without corticosteroid)  versus  oral antibiotics Antibiotic eardrops with or without corticosteroid were more effective than oral antibiotics in terms of: ‐ resolution of discharge at one week (one study, 42 children, ciprofloxacin eardrops  versus  amoxicillin: 77% versus 30%; risk ratio (RR) 2.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.27 to 5.22;  moderate‐quality evidence ); ‐ resolution of discharge at two weeks (one study, 153 children, bacitracin‐colistin‐hydrocortisone eardrops  versus  amoxicillin‐clavulanate: 95% versus 56%; RR 1.70, 95% CI 1.38 to 2.08;  moderate‐quality evidence ); ‐ duration of discharge (two studies, 233 children, ciprofloxacin eardrops  versus  amoxicillin: median 4 days versus 7 days and bacitracin‐colistin‐hydrocortisone eardrops  versus  amoxicillin‐clavulanate: 4 days versus 5 days;  moderate‐quality evidence ); ‐ ear discharge recurrences (one study, 148 children, bacitracin‐colistin‐hydrocortisone eardrops  versus  amoxicillin‐clavulanate: 0 versus 1 episode at six months;  low‐quality evidence ); and ‐ disease‐specific quality of life (one study, 153 children, bacitracin‐colistin‐hydrocortisone eardrops  versus  amoxicillin‐clavulanate: difference in change in median Otitis Media‐6 total score (range 6 to 42) at two weeks: ‐2;  low‐quality evidence ). We found no evidence that antibiotic eardrops were more effective in terms of the proportion of children developing chronic ear discharge or tube blockage, generic quality of life or hearing. Adverse events occurred at similar rates in children treated with antibiotic eardrops and those treated with oral antibiotics, while no serious complications occurred in either of the groups. Other comparisons (a)  Antibiotic eardrops with or without corticosteroid  were more effective than corticosteroid eardrops  in terms of: ‐ duration of ear discharge (one study, 331 children, ciprofloxacin  versus  ciprofloxacin‐fluocinolone acetonide  versus  fluocinolone acetonide eardrops: median 5 days versus 7 days versus 22 days;  moderate‐quality evidence ). (b)  Antibiotic eardrops  were more effective than  saline rinsing of the ear canal  in terms of: ‐ resolution of ear discharge at one week (one study, 48 children, ciprofloxacin eardrops  versus  saline rinsing: 77% versus 46%; RR 1.67, 95% CI 1.04 to 2.69;  moderate‐quality evidence ); but not in terms of tube blockage. Since the lower limit of the 95% CI for the effect size for resolution of ear discharge at one week approaches unity, a trivial or clinically irrelevant difference cannot be excluded. (c)  Eardrops containing two antibiotics and a corticosteroid  (bacitracin‐colistin‐hydrocortisone) were more effective than  no treatment  in terms of: ‐ resolution of discharge at two weeks (one study; 151 children: 95% versus 45%; RR 2.09, 95% CI 1.62 to 2.69;  moderate‐quality evidence ); ‐ duration of discharge (one study; 147 children, median 4 days versus 12 days;  moderate‐quality evidence ); ‐ chronic discharge (one study; 147 children; RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.62;  low‐quality evidence ); and ‐ disease‐specific quality of life (one study, 153 children, difference in change in median Otitis Media‐6 total score (range 6 to 42) between groups at two weeks: ‐1.5;  low‐quality evidence ). We found no evidence that antibiotic eardrops were more effective in terms of ear discharge recurrences or generic quality of life. (d)  Eardrops containing a combination of an antibiotic and a corticosteroid  were more effective than  eardrops containing antibiotics (low‐quality evidence)  in terms of: ‐ resolution of ear discharge at short‐term follow‐up (two studies, 590 children: 35% versus 20%; RR 1.76, 95% CI 1.33 to 2.31); and ‐ duration of discharge (three studies, 813 children); but not in terms of resolution of discharge at intermediate‐term follow‐up or proportion of children with tube blockage. However, there is a substantial risk of publication bias, therefore these findings should be interpreted with caution. Authors' conclusions We found moderate to low‐quality evidence that antibiotic eardrops (with or without corticosteroid) are more effective than oral antibiotics, corticosteroid eardrops and no treatment in children with ear discharge occurring at least two weeks following grommet insertion. There is some limited, inconclusive evidence that antibiotic eardrops are more effective than saline rinsing. There is uncertainty whether antibiotic‐corticosteroid eardrops are more effective than eardrops containing antibiotics only. Plain language summary Interventions for children with ear discharge occurring at least two weeks following grommet placement Review question This review compares the effects and safety of interventions in children with grommets who develop ear discharge beyond the immediate postoperative period. Background The insertion of grommets (1 to 2 mm plastic tubes placed into the eardrum) is one of the commonest surgical procedures performed in children worldwide. Up to three in four children with grommets develop episodes of ear discharge. When this occurs beyond the immediate postoperative period, it is thought to be a symptom of a middle ear infection. The most common treatments include oral antibiotics (i.e. by mouth), antibiotic eardrops or those containing a combination of antibiotic(s) and a corticosteroid, and initial observation. Important reasons for physicians to choose one treatment over another are concerns over the side effects of oral antibiotics and the potential risk of damage to the inner ear and hearing loss due to the use of antibiotic eardrops. Study characteristics This review includes evidence up to 23 June 2016. We included nine studies with a total of 2132 children who developed acute ear discharge beyond the immediate postoperative period. The studies evaluated a range of treatments. Key results We primarily looked at the difference in the proportion of children whose ear discharge had resolved within two weeks after treatment was started, adverse events and serious complications. Secondary outcomes were the proportion of children whose discharge had resolved at two to four weeks and four to 12 weeks, the proportion of children whose ear pain and fever had resolved within two weeks, the duration of discharge, the proportion of children with chronic discharge, discharge recurrences, tube blockage, tube extrusion, health‐related quality of life and hearing. Antibiotic eardrops (with or without corticosteroid)  versus  oral antibiotics Antibiotic eardrops with or without corticosteroid were more effective than oral antibiotics in terms of resolution of ear discharge at one week ( moderate‐quality evidence ) and two weeks ( moderate‐quality evidence ), ear discharge recurrences ( low‐quality evidence ) and disease‐specific quality of life ( low‐quality evidence ). We found no evidence that antibiotic eardrops were more effective in reducing the risk of chronic ear discharge ( low‐quality evidence ), tube blockage ( low‐quality evidence ), general quality of life ( low‐quality evidence ) or hearing ( very low‐quality evidence ). Adverse events occurred at similar rates ( low‐quality evidence ), while no serious complications occurred in either of the groups ( very low‐quality evidence ). Other comparisons Antibiotic eardrops with or without corticosteroid  were more effective than  corticosteroid eardrops  in terms of duration of ear discharge ( moderate‐quality evidence ). Antibiotic eardrops  were more effective than  saline rinsing  in terms of resolution of ear discharge at one week ( moderate‐quality evidence ), but not in terms of tube blockage ( low‐quality evidence ). Also, we cannot exclude an unimportant difference between antibiotic eardrops and saline rinsing in terms of resolution of discharge at one week. Eardrops containing two antibiotics and a corticosteroid  were more effective than  no treatment  in terms of resolution of ear discharge at two weeks ( moderate‐quality evidence ), duration of ear discharge ( moderate‐quality evidence ), reducing the risk of chronic ear discharge ( low‐quality evidence ) and disease‐specific quality of life ( low‐quality evidence ). We found no evidence that antibiotic eardrops were more effective in terms of ear discharge recurrences ( low‐quality evidence ) or general quality of life ( low‐quality evidence ). Low‐quality evidence  suggests that  antibiotic and corticosteroid combination eardrops  are more effective than  eardrops containing antibiotics only  in terms of resolution of ear discharge within two weeks and duration of ear discharge, but not in terms of resolution of ear discharge at two to four weeks or tube blockage. There is a substantial risk of publication bias, therefore these findings should be interpreted with caution. Quality of evidence and conclusion We found moderate to low‐quality evidence that antibiotic eardrops (with or without corticosteroid) are more effective than oral antibiotics, corticosteroid eardrops and no treatment in children with ear discharge occurring at least two weeks following grommet placement. There is some limited, inconclusive evidence that antibiotic eardrops are more effective than saline rinsing. There is uncertainty whether antibiotic‐corticosteroid eardrops are more effective than eardrops containing antibiotics only.
Mechanical and surgical interventions for treating primary postpartum haemorrhage; Abstract - Background Primary postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) is commonly defined as bleeding from the genital tract of 500 mL or more within 24 hours of birth. It is one of the most common causes of maternal mortality worldwide and causes significant physical and psychological morbidity. An earlier Cochrane Review considering any treatments for the management of primary PPH, has been split into separate reviews. This review considers treatment with mechanical and surgical interventions. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and safety of mechanical and surgical interventions used for the treatment of primary PPH. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (26 July 2019) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of mechanical/surgical methods for the treatment of primary PPH compared with standard care or another mechanical/surgical method. Interventions could include uterine packing, intrauterine balloon insertion, artery ligation/embolism, or uterine compression (either with sutures or manually). We included studies reported in abstract form if there was sufficient information to permit risk of bias assessment. Trials using a cluster‐RCT design were eligible for inclusion, but quasi‐RCTs or cross‐over studies were not. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion and risk of bias, independently extracted data and checked data for accuracy. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included nine small trials (944 women) conducted in Pakistan, Turkey, Thailand, Egypt (four trials), Saudi Arabia, Benin and Mali. Overall, included trials were at an unclear risk of bias. Due to substantial differences between the studies, it was not possible to combine any trials in meta‐analysis. Many of this review's important outcomes were not reported. GRADE assessments ranged from very low to low, with the majority of outcome results rated as very low certainty. Downgrading decisions were mainly based on study design limitations and imprecision; one study was also downgraded for indirectness. External uterine compression   versus normal care (1 trial, 64 women) Very low‐certainty evidence means that we are unclear about the effect on blood transfusion (risk ratio (RR) 2.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 8.23). Uterine arterial embolisation   versus surgical devascularisation plus B‐Lynch (1 trial, 23 women) The available evidence for hysterectomy to control bleeding (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.15 to 3.57) is unclear due to very low‐certainty evidence. The available evidence for intervention side effects is also unclear because the evidence was very low certainty (RR 1.09; 95% CI 0.08 to 15.41). Intrauterine Tamponade Studies included various methods of intrauterine tamponade: the commercial Bakri balloon, a fluid‐filled condom‐loaded latex catheter ('condom catheter'), an air‐filled latex balloon‐loaded catheter ('latex balloon catheter'), or traditional packing with gauze. Balloon tamponade versus normal care (2 trials, 356 women) One study(116 women) used the condom catheter. This study found that it may increase blood loss of 1000 mL or more (RR 1.52, 95% CI 1.15 to 2.00; 113 women), very low‐certainty evidence. For other outcomes the results are unclear and graded as very low‐certainty evidence: mortality due to bleeding (RR 6.21, 95% CI 0.77 to 49.98); hysterectomy to control bleeding (RR 4.14, 95% CI 0.48 to 35.93); total blood transfusion (RR 1.49, 95% CI 0.88 to 2.51); and side effects. A second study of 240 women used the latex balloon catheter together with cervical cerclage. Very low‐certainty evidence means we are unclear about the effect on hysterectomy (RR 0.14, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.74) and additional surgical interventions to control bleeding (RR 0.20, 95% CI 0.01 to 4.12). Bakri balloon tamponade versus haemostatic square suturing of the uterus (1 trial, 13 women) In this small trial there was no mortality due to bleeding, serious maternal morbidity or side effects of the intervention, and the results are unclear for blood transfusion (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.14 to 2.36; very low certainty). Bakri balloon tamponade may reduce mean 'intraoperative' blood loss (mean difference (MD) ‐426 mL, 95% CI ‐631.28 to ‐220.72), very low‐certainty evidence. Comparison of intrauterine tamponade methods (3 trials, 328 women) One study (66 women) compared the Bakri balloon and the condom catheter, but it was uncertain whether the Bakri balloon reduces the risk of hysterectomy to control bleeding due to very low‐certainty evidence (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.05 to 5.25). Very low‐certainty evidence also means we are unclear about the results for the risk of blood transfusion (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.06). A second study (50 women) compared Bakri balloon, with and without a traction stitch. Very low‐certainty evidence means we are unclear about the results for hysterectomy to control bleeding (RR 0.20, 95% CI 0.01 to 3.97). A third study (212 women) compared the condom catheter to gauze packing and found that it may reduce fever (RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.59), but again the evidence was very low certainty. Modified B‐Lynch compression suture   versus standard B‐Lynch compression suture (1 trial, 160 women) Low‐certainty evidence suggests that a modified B‐Lynch compression suture may reduce the risk of hysterectomy to control bleeding (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.99) and postoperative blood loss (MD ‐244.00 mL, 95% CI ‐295.25 to ‐192.75). Authors' conclusions There is currently insufficient evidence from RCTs to determine the relative effectiveness and safety of mechanical and surgical interventions for treating primary PPH. High‐quality randomised trials are urgently needed, and new emergency consent pathways should facilitate recruitment. The finding that intrauterine tamponade may increase total blood loss > 1000 mL suggests that introducing condom‐balloon tamponade into low‐resource settings on its own without multi‐system quality improvement does not reduce PPH deaths or morbidity. The suggestion that modified B‐Lynch suture may be superior to the original requires further research before the revised technique is adopted. In high‐resource settings, uterine artery embolisation has become popular as the equipment and skills become more widely available. However, there is little randomised trial evidence regarding efficacy and this requires further research. We urge new trial authors to adopt PPH core outcomes to facilitate consistency between primary studies and subsequent meta‐analysis. Plain language summary Mechanical and surgical interventions for treating women with severe bleeding after childbirth This review considers evidence from randomised controlled trials on using mechanical and surgical interventions for stopping severe bleeding after giving birth. Other Cochrane Reviews consider the use of drugs that promote blood clotting or contractions of the uterus. What is the issue? Primary postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) occurs when a mother has excessive vaginal bleeding within 24 hours of giving birth (typically > 500 mL or > 1000 mL). The most common cause of primary PPH is failure of the uterus to contract after birth, and usual care is based on using drugs to reverse this. Other causes include retained placenta, vaginal or cervical tears, and failure of the blood to clot. Surgical and mechanical methods apply direct pressure on blood vessels to reduce uterine blood flow. Pressure can be applied from inside the uterus by inflating a balloon within the uterus. Alternatively, pressure can be applied on the outside surface of the uterus. This can be directly (using a hand), or by passing a stitch through the front and back walls of the uterus to compress the uterine walls together. Blood flow can also be stopped by tying off or blocking the blood vessels that feed the uterus. Why is this important? PPH is a common cause of maternal death and illness worldwide. Nearly 300,000 pregnant women die annually across the world with approximately 25% of those deaths caused by haemorrhage. It can also lead to the mother having significant long‐term medical and psychological problems. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence (July 2019) and included nine small randomised controlled trials (944 women). The studies were conducted in hospital settings in Pakistan, Turkey, Thailand, Egypt (four studies) and Saudi Arabia, and health facilities in Benin and Mali. Overall, the studies were very different, with various interventions being compared. The small number of women in each study, few or zero events, lack of data on important outcomes, and wide variation in results meant that few clear findings were obtained. It was not possible to pool the results from the studies. Our certainty assessments for the trials ranged from low to very low, with the majority rated as very low certainty. This means that we cannot be confident about the results. Two studies (356 women) compared internal pressure using non‐commercial balloons (a water‐filled condom  and a sterilised, air‐filled 'party' balloon) and normal care. The condom catheter may result in increased blood loss, but no other important effects were seen in either study. A third study found that the condom catheter may reduce postpartum fever compared to packing of the uterus with gauze, but no other effects. Three studies used a commercially available balloon (Bakri). This was compared to external pressure with stitches in one study (13 women) and it was found that Bakri balloon may reduce blood loss but no other effects were seen. Another study (66 women) compared the Bakri balloon to a condom system and found little to no differences between groups. The third study (50 women) looked to see if using a stitch to tether the upper end of the balloon to the top of the uterus had any benefit, but found little to no effect. One study (64 women) compared external compression of the uterus with normal care but with no clear findings. Another study of 160 women compared a standard compression suture with a modified version in which the uterus is not only compressed, but the main vessel supplying the uterus was tied off. The results suggested that the modified suture may reduce blood loss and the risk of hysterectomy. One study (23 women) compared using imaging to block the blood vessels to the uterus (uterine artery embolisation) with surgical techniques to cut off the blood supply and compress the uterus but found little to no effect. What does this mean? We did not find sufficient high‐quality evidence to determine the effectiveness and safety of mechanical and surgical interventions for treating primary PPH. High‐quality randomised trials are urgently needed to test some of the findings of this review. We urge new trial authors to adopt standardised PPH core outcomes.
Epidural versus non‐epidural or no analgesia for pain management in labour; Abstract - Background Epidural analgesia is a central nerve block technique achieved by injection of a local anaesthetic close to the nerves that transmit pain, and is widely used as a form of pain relief in labour. However, there are concerns about unintended adverse effects on the mother and infant. This is an update of an existing Cochrane Review ( Epidural versus non‐epidural or no analgesia in labour ), last published in 2011. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of all types of epidural analgesia, including combined‐spinal‐epidural (CSE) on the mother and the baby, when compared with non‐epidural or no pain relief during labour. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register ( ClinicalTrials.gov ), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (30 April 2017), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing all types of epidural with any form of pain relief not involving regional blockade, or no pain relief in labour. We have not included cluster‐randomised or quasi‐randomised trials in this update. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risks of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We assessed selected outcomes using the GRADE approach. Main results Fifty‐two trials met the inclusion criteria and we have included data from 40 trials, involving over 11,000 women. Four trials included more than two arms. Thirty‐four trials compared epidural with opioids, seven compared epidural with no analgesia, one trial compared epidural with acu‐stimulation, one trial compared epidural with inhaled analgesia, and one trial compared epidural with continuous midwifery support and other analgesia. Risks of bias varied throughout the included studies; six out of 40 studies were at high or unclear risk of bias for every bias domain, while most studies were at high or unclear risk of detection bias. Quality of the evidence assessed using GRADE ranged from moderate to low quality. Pain intensity as measured using pain scores was lower in women with epidural analgesia when compared to women who received opioids (standardised mean difference ‐2.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐4.56 to ‐0.73; 1133 women; studies = 5; I 2  = 98%; low‐quality evidence) and a higher proportion were satisfied with their pain relief, reporting it to be "excellent or very good" (average risk ratio (RR) 1.47, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.08; 1911 women; studies = 7; I 2  = 97%; low‐quality evidence). There was substantial statistical heterogeneity in both these outcomes. There was a substantial decrease in the need for additional pain relief in women receiving epidural analgesia compared with opioid analgesia (average RR 0.10, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.25; 5099 women; studies = 16; I 2  = 73%; Tau 2  = 1.89; Chi 2  = 52.07 (P < 0.00001)). More women in the epidural group experienced assisted vaginal birth (RR 1.44, 95% CI 1.29 to 1.60; 9948 women; studies = 30; low‐quality evidence). A post hoc subgroup analysis of trials conducted after 2005 showed that this effect is negated when trials before 2005 are excluded from this analysis (RR 1.19, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.46). There was no difference between caesarean section rates (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.18; 10,350 women; studies = 33; moderate‐quality evidence), and maternal long‐term backache (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.12; 814 women; studies = 2; moderate‐quality evidence). There were also no clear differences between groups for the neonatal outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.12; 4488 babies; studies = 8; moderate‐quality evidence) and Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.02; 8752 babies; studies = 22; low‐quality evidence). We downgraded the evidence for study design limitations, inconsistency, imprecision in effect estimates, and possible publication bias. Side effects were reported in both epidural and opioid groups. Women with epidural experienced more hypotension, motor blockade, fever, and urinary retention. They also had longer first and second stages of labour, and were more likely to have oxytocin augmentation than the women in the opioid group. Women receiving epidurals had less risk of respiratory depression requiring oxygen, and were less likely to experience nausea and vomiting than women receiving opioids. Babies born to women in the epidural group were less likely to have received naloxone. There was no clear difference between groups for postnatal depression, headache, itching, shivering, or drowsiness. Maternal morbidity and long‐term neonatal outcomes were not reported. Epidural analgesia resulted in less reported pain when compared with placebo or no treatment, and with acu‐stimulation. Pain intensity was not reported in the trials that compared epidural with inhaled analgesia, or continuous support. Few trials reported on serious maternal side effects. Authors' conclusions Low‐quality evidence shows that epidural analgesia may be more effective in reducing pain during labour and increasing maternal satisfaction with pain relief than non‐epidural methods. Although overall there appears to be an increase in assisted vaginal birth when women have epidural analgesia, a post hoc subgroup analysis showed this effect is not seen in recent studies (after 2005), suggesting that modern approaches to epidural analgesia in labour do not affect this outcome. Epidural analgesia had no impact on the risk of caesarean section or long‐term backache, and did not appear to have an immediate effect on neonatal status as determined by Apgar scores or in admissions to neonatal intensive care. Further research may be helpful to evaluate rare but potentially severe adverse effects of epidural analgesia and non‐epidural analgesia on women in labour and long‐term neonatal outcomes. Plain language summary Epidurals for pain relief in labour What is the issue? We set out to assess the effectiveness of all kinds of epidural analgesia (including combined‐spinal‐epidural) on the mother and the baby, when compared with non‐epidural or no pain relief during labour. Why is this important? Pain relief is important for women in labour. Pharmacological methods of pain relief include breathing in of nitrous oxide, injection of opioids and local analgesia with an epidural for a central nerve block. Epidurals are widely used for pain relief in labour and involve an injection of a local anaesthetic into the lower region of the back close to the nerves that transmit pain. Epidural solutions are given by bolus injection (a large, rapid injection), continuous infusion or using a patient‐controlled pump. Lower concentrations of local anaesthetic when given together with an opiate allow women to maintain the ability to move around during labour and to actively participate in the birth. Combined‐spinal‐epidural involves a single injection of local anaesthetic or opiate into the cerebral spinal fluid for fast onset of pain relief, as well as insertion of the epidural catheter for continuing pain relief. Side effects such as itchiness, drowsiness, shivering and fever have been reported. Rare but potentially severe adverse effects of epidural analgesia can occur, such as severe long‐lasting headache after the injection, or nerve injury. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence in April 2017 and identified 40 trials, involving over 11,000 women, that contributed information to this review. The trials varied in the quality of their methods. All but six studies compared epidural analgesia with injected opioid drugs. Epidurals may relieve labour pain more effectively than opioids, and more women may be more satisfied with epidural as pain relief. Overall, women using epidural analgesia may be more likely to require forceps or ventouse to assist with the birth when compared with opioid drugs. However we did not see this effect in studies conducted since 2005, where the use of lower concentrations of local anaesthetic and more modern epidural techniques such as patient‐controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA) were more likely. Epidural in comparison to opioids probably makes little or no difference to caesarean section rates, women with long‐term backache, effects on the baby at birth or the number of babies who were admitted to neonatal intensive care. Women who used epidurals can have problems passing urine and can suffer fever. There are highly variable findings such as a longer labour, experiencing very low blood pressure, and being unable to move for a period of time after the birth (motor blockade), probably due to higher concentrations of local anaesthetic being used in the epidural or the use of epidural infusions rather than epidural doses of pain relief administered at intervals. However, women who received opioid drugs also showed some side effects such as a slowing of their breathing so that they needed to wear an oxygen mask, and more nausea and vomiting. More babies whose mothers received opioids were given a drug to counteract the effects of the opioids. There was no difference between women in the epidural or opioid groups for postnatal depression, headaches, itching, shivering, or drowsiness. Women with epidurals reported less pain compared to women with placebo or no treatment, or acu‐stimulation. Pain was not reported in the trials that compared epidural with inhaled analgesia, or continuous support. What does this mean? Epidurals may reduce pain during labour more effectively than any other form of pain relief, and may increase maternal satisfaction with pain relief. However, some women who have an epidural instead of opioid drugs may be more likely to have an assisted vaginal birth, but this finding probably reflects the higher concentrations of local anaesthetics used traditionally rather than the low concentrations of modern epidurals. Further research would be helpful, using more consistent measures of reducing the adverse outcomes with epidurals.
Surgical techniques for uterine incision and uterine closure at the time of caesarean section; Abstract - Background Caesarean section is a common operation. Techniques vary depending on both the clinical situation and the preferences of the operator. Objectives To compare the effects of 1) different types of uterine incision, 2) methods of performing the uterine incision, 3) suture materials and technique of uterine closure (including single versus double layer closure of the uterine incision) on maternal health, infant health, and healthcare resource use. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (1 September 2013) and reference lists of all identified papers. Selection criteria All published, unpublished, and ongoing randomised controlled trials comparing various types and closure of uterine incision during caesarean section. Data collection and analysis Two review authors evaluated trials for inclusion and methodological quality without consideration of their results according to the stated eligibility criteria and extracted data independently. Main results Our search strategy identified 60 studies for consideration, of which 27 randomised trials involving 17,808 women undergoing caesarean section were included in the review. Overall, the methodological quality of the trials was variable, with 12 of the 27 included trials adequately describing the randomisation sequence, with less than half describing adequately methods of allocation concealment, and only six trials indicating blinding of outcome assessors. Two trials compared auto‐suture devices with traditional hysterotomy involving 300 women. No statistically significant difference in febrile morbidity between the stapler and conventional incision groups was apparent (risk ratio (RR) 0.92; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 2.20). Five studies were included in the review that compared blunt versus sharp dissection when performing the uterine incision involving 2141 women. There were no statistically significant differences identified for the primary outcome febrile morbidity following blunt or sharp extension of the uterine incision (four studies; 1941 women; RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.70 to 1.05). Mean blood loss (two studies; 1145 women; average mean difference (MD) ‐55.00 mL; 95% CI ‐79.48 to ‐30.52), and the need for blood transfusion (two studies; 1345 women; RR 0.24; 95% CI 0.09 to 0.62) were significantly lower following blunt extension. A single trial compared transverse with cephalad‐caudad blunt extension of the uterine incision, involving 811 women, and while mean blood loss was reported to be lower following transverse extension (one study; 811 women; MD 42.00 mL; 95% CI 1.31 to 82.69), the clinical significance of such a small volume difference is of uncertain clinical relevance. There were no other statistically significant differences identified for the limited outcomes reported. A single trial comparing chromic catgut with polygactin‐910, involving 9544 women reported that catgut closure versus closure with polygactin was associated with a significant reduction in the need for blood transfusion (one study, 9544 women, RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.76) and a significant reduction in complications requiring re‐laparotomy (one study, 9544 women, RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.89). Nineteen studies were identified comparing single layer with double layer closure of the uterus, with data contributed to the meta‐analyses from 14 studies. There were no statistically significant differences identified for the primary outcome, febrile morbidity (nine studies; 13,890 women; RR 0.98; 95% CI 0.85 to 1.12). Although the meta‐analysis suggested single layer closure was associated with a reduction in mean blood loss, heterogeneity is high and this limits the clinical applicability of the result. There were no differences identified in risk of blood transfusion (four studies; 13,571 women; average RR 0.86; 95% CI 0.63 to 1.17; Heterogeneity: Tau² = 0.15; I² = 49%), or other reported clinical outcomes. Authors' conclusions Caesarean section is a common procedure performed on women worldwide. There is increasing evidence that for many techniques, short‐term maternal outcomes are equivalent. Until long‐term health effects are known, surgeons should continue to use the techniques they prefer and currently use. Plain language summary Surgical techniques involving the uterus at caesarean section Caesarean section is a common abdominal operation for surgical delivery of a baby and the placenta. Techniques vary depending on the clinical situation and surgeon preferences. Safe delivery is important for mother and infant. Any potential reduction of birth trauma to the infant has to be balanced against increased ill‐health for the mother. Factors include not only the duration of the surgical procedure and maternal blood loss but also maternal postoperative pain, continuing blood loss and development of anaemia, fever and wound infection. Additional complications can include problems with breastfeeding, passing urine, longer‐term fertility problems, and complications in future pregnancies (uterine rupture) or increased risks associated with future surgery. The review authors searched the medical literature for randomised controlled trials to inform the most appropriate surgical techniques to use. Twenty‐seven trials involving 17,808 women from a number of different countries contributed to the review. None of these trials assessed the type of uterine incision (side to side (transverse) lower uterine segment incision versus other types of uterine incision). Results from 18 randomised trials contributed to reports that single layer closure of the uterine incision was associated with a reduction in blood loss, and duration of the procedure. In these studies the surgical procedure for entering the abdominal cavity also differed and could have contributed to blood loss and duration of surgery. Five trials compared blunt with sharp dissection at the time of the uterine incision (2141 women) and a further two trials auto‐suture devices with standard hysterotomy (300 women). Blunt surgery was associated with a reduction in mean blood loss at the time of the procedure. The use of an auto‐suture instrument did not clearly reduce procedural blood loss but increased the duration of the procedure. Overall, trials focused on blood loss and duration of the operative procedure rather than clinical outcomes for the women. The methodological quality of the trials was variable.
Oral nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for fibromyalgia in adults; Abstract - Background Oral nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are widely used in the treatment of pain in fibromyalgia, despite being considered not to be effective. Objectives To assess the analgesic efficacy, tolerability (drop‐out due to adverse events), and safety (serious adverse events) of oral nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for fibromyalgia in adults. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase for randomised controlled trials from inception to January 2017. We also searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews, and online clinical trial registries. Selection criteria We included randomised, double‐blind trials of two weeks' duration or longer, comparing any oral NSAID with placebo or another active treatment for relief of pain in fibromyalgia, with subjective pain assessment by the participant. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality and potential bias. Primary outcomes were participants with substantial pain relief (at least 50% pain relief over baseline or very much improved on Patient Global Impression of Change scale (PGIC)) or moderate pain relief (at least 30% pain relief over baseline or much or very much improved on PGIC), serious adverse events, and withdrawals due to adverse events; secondary outcomes were adverse events, withdrawals due to lack of efficacy, and outcomes relating to sleep, fatigue, and quality of life. Where pooled analysis was possible, we used dichotomous data to calculate risk difference (RD) and number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNT), using standard methods. We assessed the quality of the evidence using GRADE and created a 'Summary of findings' table. Main results Our searches identified six randomised, double‐blind studies involving 292 participants in suitably characterised fibromyalgia. The mean age of participants was between 39 and 50 years, and 89% to 100% were women. The initial pain intensity was around 7/10 on a 0 to 10 pain scale, indicating severe pain. NSAIDs tested were etoricoxib 90 mg daily, ibuprofen 2400 mg daily, naproxen 1000 mg daily, and tenoxicam 20 mg daily; 146 participants received NSAID and 146 placebo. The duration of treatment in the double‐blind phase varied between three and eight weeks. Not all studies reported all the outcomes of interest. Analyses consistently showed no significant difference between NSAID and placebo: substantial benefit (at least 50% pain intensity reduction) (risk difference (RD) ‐0.07 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.18 to 0.04) 2 studies, 146 participants; moderate benefit (at least 30% pain intensity reduction) (RD ‐0.04 (95% CI ‐0.16 to 0.08) 3 studies, 192 participants; withdrawals due to adverse events (RD 0.04 (95% CI ‐0.02 to 0.09) 4 studies, 230 participants; participants experiencing any adverse event (RD 0.08 (95% CI ‐0.03 to 0.19) 4 studies, 230 participants; all‐cause withdrawals (RD 0.03 (95% CI ‐0.07 to 0.14) 3 studies, 192 participants. There were no serious adverse events or deaths. Although most studies had some measures of health‐related quality of life, fibromyalgia impact, or other outcomes, none reported the outcomes beyond saying that there was no or little difference between the treatment groups. We downgraded evidence on all outcomes to very low quality, meaning that this research does not provide a reliable indication of the likely effect. The likelihood that the effect could be substantially different is very high. This is based on the small numbers of studies, participants, and events, as well as other deficiencies of reporting study quality allowing possible risks of bias. Authors' conclusions There is only a modest amount of very low‐quality evidence about the use of NSAIDs in fibromyalgia, and that comes from small, largely inadequate studies with potential risk of bias. That bias would normally be to increase the apparent benefits of NSAIDs, but no such benefits were seen. Consequently, NSAIDs cannot be regarded as useful for treating fibromyalgia. Plain language summary Oral NSAIDs for treating fibromyalgia pain in adults Bottom line We found very low‐quality evidence that oral non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) have no effect on pain or other symptoms in people with moderate or severe pain from fibromyalgia. Ibuprofen and diclofenac are common NSAIDs. Background Fibromyalgia is characterised by persistent, widespread pain, sleep problems, and fatigue. NSAIDs are drugs with analgesic (pain‐killing), antipyretic (fever‐reducing) effects, and also with anti‐inflammatory effects at higher doses. NSAIDs are frequently used to treat rheumatic diseases. Our definition of a good result was someone who had a high level of pain relief and was able to keep taking the medicine without side effects that made them want to stop. Study characteristics We searched for clinical trials in which NSAIDs were used to treat symptoms of fibromyalgia in adults. The latest search was in January 2017. Six studies satisfied the inclusion criteria, randomising 292 participants to treatment with NSAID or placebo. NSAIDs tested were etoricoxib 90 mg daily, ibuprofen 2400 mg daily, naproxen 1000 mg daily, and tenoxicam 20 mg daily; 146 participants received NSAID and 146 placebo. Study duration was between three and eight weeks. Not all studies reported the outcomes of interest. Key results We found no difference between NSAID or placebo for a range of outcomes. Pain reduction by half or better was experienced by 1 in 10 with NSAID and 2 in 10 with placebo. Pain reduction by a third or better was experienced by about 2 in 10 with both NSAID and placebo. Side effects were experienced by 3 in 10 with NSAID and 2 in 10 with placebo. Quality of the evidence The evidence was of very low quality. This means that the research does not provide a reliable indication of the likely effect. The chance that the real effect of NSAIDs could be substantially different is very high. Small studies like those in this review tend to overestimate results of treatment compared to the effects found in larger, better studies. The very low‐quality evidence and the lack of any obvious benefit mean that NSAIDs cannot be regarded as useful for the management of fibromyalgia.
Neuraminidase inhibitors for preventing and treating influenza in children (published trials only); Abstract - Background During epidemics, influenza attack rates in children may exceed 40%. Options for prevention and treatment currently include the neuraminidase inhibitors zanamivir and oseltamivir. Laninamivir octanoate, the prodrug of laninamivir, is currently being developed. Objectives To assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of neuraminidase inhibitors in the treatment and prevention of influenza in children. Search methods For this update we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 1) which includes the Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to January week 2, 2011) and EMBASE (January 2010 to January 2011). Selection criteria Double‐blind, randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing neuraminidase inhibitors with placebo or other antiviral drugs in children aged up to and including 12 years. We also included safety and tolerability data from other types of studies. Data collection and analysis Four review authors selected studies, assessed study quality and extracted data for the current and previous versions of this review. We analysed data separately for oseltamivir versus placebo, zanamivir versus placebo and laninamivir octanoate versus oseltamivir. Main results Six treatment trials involving 1906 children with clinical influenza and 450 children with influenza diagnosed on rapid near‐patient influenza testing were included. Of these 2356 children, 1255 had laboratory‐confirmed influenza. Three prophylaxis trials involving 863 children exposed to influenza were also included. In children with laboratory‐confirmed influenza oseltamivir reduced median duration of illness by 36 hours (26%, P < 0.001). One trial of oseltamivir in children with asthma who had laboratory‐confirmed influenza showed only a small reduction in illness duration (10.4 hours, 8%), which was not statistically significant (P = 0.542). Laninamivir octanoate 20 mg reduced symptom duration by 2.8 days (60%, P < 0.001) in children with oseltamivir‐resistant influenza A/H1N1. Zanamivir reduced median duration of illness by 1.3 days (24%, P < 0.001). Oseltamivir significantly reduced acute otitis media in children aged one to five years with laboratory‐confirmed influenza (risk difference (RD) ‐0.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.24 to ‐0.04). Prophylaxis with either zanamivir or oseltamivir was associated with an 8% absolute reduction in developing influenza after the introduction of a case into a household (RD ‐0.08, 95% CI ‐0.12 to ‐0.05, P < 0.001). The adverse event profile of zanamivir was no worse than placebo but vomiting was more commonly associated with oseltamivir (number needed to harm = 17, 95% CI 10 to 34). The adverse event profiles of laninamivir octanoate and oseltamivir were similar. Authors' conclusions Oseltamivir and zanamivir appear to have modest benefit in reducing duration of illness in children with influenza. However, our analysis was limited by small sample sizes and an inability to pool data from different studies. In addition, the inclusion of data from published trials only may have resulted in significant publication bias. Based on published trial data, oseltamivir reduces the incidence of acute otitis media in children aged one to five years but is associated with a significantly increased risk of vomiting. One study demonstrated that laninamivir octanoate was more effective than oseltamivir in shortening duration of illness in children with oseltamivir‐resistant influenza A/H1N1. The benefit of oseltamivir and zanamivir in preventing the transmission of influenza in households is modest and based on weak evidence. However, the clinical efficacy of neuraminidase inhibitors in 'at risk' children is still uncertain. Larger high‐quality trials are needed with sufficient power to determine the efficacy of neuraminidase inhibitors in preventing serious complications of influenza (such as pneumonia or hospital admission), particularly in 'at risk' groups. Plain language summary Neuraminidase inhibitors for preventing and treating influenza in children Influenza (true 'flu) is an infection of the airways caused by the Influenza group of viruses. Influenza occurs most commonly during winter months and can result in symptoms such as fever, cough, sore throat, headache, muscle aches and fatigue. These are usually self limiting but may persist for one to two weeks. The most common complications of influenza are secondary bacterial infections including otitis media (ear infections) and pneumonia. Influenza infection is also highly contagious and is spread from person‐to‐person by droplets produced when an infected individual coughs or sneezes. This update reviews the randomised controlled trial evidence of a class of drugs called the neuraminidase inhibitors in treating and preventing influenza in children. Neuraminidase inhibitors work against influenza by preventing viruses from being released from infected cells and subsequently infecting further cells. Oseltamivir (Tamiflu), an oral medication, and zanamivir (Relenza), an inhaled medication, are currently licensed, whilst laninamivir is undergoing Phase III clinical trials. Neuraminidase inhibitors are usually prescribed to patients presenting with flu‐like symptoms during epidemic periods to reduce symptoms or prevent spread of the virus. We included six treatment trials involving 1906 children with clinically suspected influenza and 450 children with influenza diagnosed on rapid influenza testing. Of these 2356 children, 1255 had proven influenza infection confirmed on laboratory testing. We also included three trials of neuraminidase inhibitors for the prevention of influenza, which involved 863 children who had been exposed to influenza. This review found that treatment with neuraminidase inhibitors was only associated with modest clinical benefit in children with proven influenza. Treatment with oseltamivir or zanamivir shortened the duration of illness in healthy children by about one day. One trial demonstrated that the new neuraminidase inhibitor drug laninamivir reduces duration of illness by almost three days in children with oseltamivir‐resistant influenza. The effect of neuraminidase inhibitors in preventing transmission of influenza was also modest; 13 children would need to be treated to prevent one additional case. Neuraminidase inhibitors are generally well tolerated but there will be one extra case of vomiting for every 17 children treated with oseltamivir. Other side effects such as diarrhoea and nausea were no more common in children treated with neuraminidase inhibitors compared to placebo. There is currently no high‐quality evidence to support targeted treatment of 'at risk' children (with underlying chronic medical conditions) with neuraminidase inhibitors.
Antibiotics for uncomplicated diverticulitis; Abstract - Background Diverticulitis is a complication of the common condition, diverticulosis. Uncomplicated diverticulitis has traditionally been treated with antibiotics, as diverticulitis has been regarded as an infectious disease. Risk factors for diverticulitis, however, may suggest that the condition is inflammatory rather than infectious which makes the use of antibiotics questionable. Objectives The objectives of this systematic review were to determine if antibiotic treatment of uncomplicated acute diverticulitis affects the risk of complications (immediate or late) or the need for emergency surgery. Search methods For this update, a comprehensive systematic literature search was conducted in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trial Registry Platform on February 2021. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including all types of patients with a radiologically confirmed diagnosis of left‐sided uncomplicated acute diverticulitis. Comparator and interventions included antibiotics compared to no antibiotics, placebo, or to any other antibiotic treatment (different regimens, routes of administration, dosage or duration of treatment). Primary outcome measures were complications and emergency surgery. Secondary outcomes were recurrence, late complications, elective colonic resections, length of hospital stay, length to recovery of symptoms, adverse events and mortality. Data collection and analysis Two authors performed the searches, identification and assessment of RCTs and data extraction. Disagreements were resolved by discussion or involvement of the third author. Authors of trials were contacted to obtain additional data if needed or for preliminary results of ongoing trials. The Cochrane Collaboration's tool for assessing risk of bias was used to assess the methodological quality of the identified trials. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes was evaluated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Effect estimates were extracted as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals. Random‐effects meta‐analyses were performed with the Mantel‐Haenzel method. Main results The authors included five studies. Three studies compared no antibiotics to antibiotics; all three were original RCTs of which two also published long‐term follow‐up information.  For the outcome of short‐term complications there may be little or no difference between antibiotics and no antibiotics (RR 0.89; 95% CI 0.30 to 2.62; 3 studies, 1329 participants; low‐certainty evidence). The rate of emergency surgery within 30 days may be lower with no antibiotics compared to antibiotics (RR 0.47; 95% CI 0.13, 1.71; 1329 participants; 3 studies; low‐certainty evidence). However, there is considerable imprecision due to wide confidence intervals for this effect estimate causing uncertainty which means that there may also be a benefit with antibiotics. One of the two remaining trials compared single to double compound antibiotic therapy and, due to wide confidence intervals, the estimate was imprecise and indicated an uncertain clinical effect between these two antibiotic regimens (RR 0.70; 95% CI 0.11 to 4.58; 51 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). The last trial compared short to long intravenous administration of antibiotics and did not report any events for our primary outcomes. Both trials included few participants and one had overall high risk of bias. Since the first publication of this systematic review, an increasing amount of evidence supporting the treatment of uncomplicated acute diverticulitis without antibiotics has been published, but the total body of evidence is still limited. Authors' conclusions The evidence on antibiotic treatment for uncomplicated acute diverticulitis suggests that the effect of antibiotics is uncertain for complications, emergency surgery, recurrence, elective colonic resections, and long‐term complications. The quality of the evidence is low. Only three RCTs on the need for antibiotics are currently available. More trials are needed to obtain more precise effect estimates. Plain language summary Antibiotics for uncomplicated diverticulitis Diverticulitis is a condition with inflammation of the so‐called diverticulae. A diverticulae is a weakness in the bowel wall. Diverticulae are common in the population, especially in the elderly above the age of 60 years, and are often asymptomatic. Diverticulitis may present as abdominal pain and tenderness accompanied by signs of infection, such as fever. In most cases, diverticulitis resolves without complications, however, some patients develop complications and may need emergency surgery. Uncomplicated acute diverticulitis is the focus of this review. It has traditionally been regarded as an infection with bacterial overgrowth in the large intestine and has been treated with antibiotics. Recently, it has been argued that diverticulitis is more likely to be an inflammatory rather than an infectious condition, making the use of antibiotics questionable. Consequently, a shift towards the use of therapeutic regimens without antibiotics has been seen. This present review investigates whether there is any existing clinical evidence supporting the use of antibiotics for uncomplicated diverticulitis. Five clinical trials in hospitalised patients were assessed. One trial investigated two different antibiotic treatments and a second study investigated the duration of intravenous antibiotic treatment. Three trials investigated the actual need for antibiotics when compared to no antibiotics of which two trials had published long‐term follow‐up results as separate records. None of the studies found a statistical difference in the tested antibiotic regimens. Comparing no antibiotic versus antibiotic treatment did not demonstrate any differences in the occurrence of complications like abscesses and perforations of the large intestine, or in the need for emergency surgery. Antibiotics can cause serious adverse effects, including life‐threatening allergic reactions or super‐infections of the intestine. Growing antibiotic resistance is an increasing problem rendering some infections impossible to treat with possible fatal outcomes. Therefore, strong arguments in favour of limiting the current use of antibiotics exist. Only three randomised controlled trials on the need of antibiotics are currently available and more are needed in order to obtain strong and reliable evidence. However, the newest evidence shows that the use of antibiotics for the treatment of uncomplicated acute diverticulitis is not superior to treatments that do not include antibiotics.
Strategies to increase the ownership and use of insecticide‐treated bednets to prevent malaria; Abstract - Background Malaria is a life‐threatening parasitic disease and 40% of the world's population lives in areas affected by malaria. Insecticide‐treated bednets (ITNs) effectively prevent malaria, however, barriers to their use have been identified. Objectives To assess the evidence on the effectiveness of available strategies that focus on delivery and appropriate use of ITNs. Search methods We searched the EPOC Register of Studies, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, HealthStar, CINAHL, PubMed, Science Citation Index, ProQuest Dissertations and Theses, African Index Medicus (AIM), World Health Organization Library and Information Networks for Knowledge  (WHOLIS), LILACS, Virtual Health Library (VHL), and the World Health Organization Library Information System (WHOLIS). Initial searches were conducted in May 2011, updated in March 2012 and February 2013. Authors contacted organizations and individuals involved in ITN distribution programs or research to identify current initiatives, studies or unpublished data, and searched reference lists of relevant reviews and studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials, non‐randomized controlled trials, controlled before‐after studies, and interrupted time series evaluating interventions focused on increasing ITN ownership and use were considered. The populations of interest were individuals in malaria‐endemic areas. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened studies to be included. They extracted data from the selected studies and assessed the risk of bias. When consensus was not reached, any disagreements were discussed with a third author. The magnitude of effect and quality of evidence for each outcome was assessed. Main results Of the 3032 records identified, 10 studies were included in this review. Effect of ITN cost on ownership: Four studies including 4566 households and another study comprising 424 participants evaluated the effect of ITN price on ownership. These studies suggest that providing free ITNs probably increases ITN ownership when compared to subsidized ITNs or ITNs offered at full market price. Effect of ITN Cost on appropriate use of ITNs: Three studies including 9968 households and another study comprising 259 individuals found that there is probably little or no difference in the use of ITNs when they are provided free, compared to providing subsidized ITNs or ITNs offered at full market price. Education: Five studies, including 12,637 households, assessed educational interventions regarding ITN use and concluded that education may increase the number of adults and children using ITNs (sleeping under ITNs) compared to no education. One study, including 519 households, assessed the effects of providing an incentive (an undisclosed prize) to promote ITN ownership and use, and found that incentives probably lead to little or no difference in ownership or use of ITNs, compared to not receiving an incentive. None of the included studies reported on adverse effects. Authors' conclusions Five studies examined the effect of price on ITN ownership and found moderate‐certainty evidence that ownership was highest among the groups who received the ITN free versus those who purchased the ITN at any cost. In economic terms, this means that demand for ITNs is elastic with regard to price. However, once the ITN is supplied, the price paid for the ITN probably has little to no effect on its use; the four studies addressing this outcome failed to confirm the hypothesis that people who purchase nets will use them more than those who receive them at no cost. Educational interventions for promoting ITN use have an additional positive effect. However, the impact of different types or intensities of education is unknown. Plain language summary Strategies to increase the ownership and use of insecticide‐treated bednets to prevent malaria Researchers in the Cochrane Collaboration conducted a review of the effect of different strategies to increase people’s ownership and use of insecticide‐treated bednets to prevent malaria. In February 2013 they identified 10 relevant studies. Their findings are summarized below. What is malaria and how can insecticide‐treated bednets prevent it? Malaria is a life‐threatening disease caused by a parasite. A person becomes infected from being bitten by a mosquito carrying the parasite. People with malaria may have symptoms such as chills, fever, vomiting, diarrhea, and jaundice. About 40% of the world’s population is at risk of malaria, mostly in the poorest countries. Insecticide‐treated bednets fit over a bed and act as a barrier between insects and the person sleeping. The bednets are dipped in insecticide, a chemical that kills or repels mosquitoes and effectively prevent malaria. Insecticide‐treated bednets cost money and it is important to find ways of ensuring that people who need them own them. Even when people own bednets they may not always use them properly. To be effective, bednets need to be used every night. They must also hang properly and be treated with enough insecticide. It is important to measure whether different strategies not only increase people's ownership but also people's use of bednets. What this research says: The studies included in this review took place in Africa and India. In five of the studies, people were either given insecticide‐treated bednets free, or could buy them at a subsidized price or full market price. In the other five studies, people were educated about how to use the bednets properly, for instance through visits at home or through information on the radio, on television and in the community. The included studies show the following: Providing free insecticide‐treated bednets: ‐ Probably increases the number of people who own bednets compared to providing subsidized bednets or bednets offered at full market price. ‐ Probably leads to little or no difference in the use of bednets compared to providing subsidized bednets or bednets offered at full market price. Providing education for the appropriate use of insecticide‐ treated bednets: ‐ May increase the number of adults and children under five using bednets (sleeping under bednets). Providing incentives to encourage use of insecticide‐treated bednets: ‐ Probably leads to little or no difference in ownership or use of bednets compared to those who did not receive an incentive. A possible side effect when providing free or subsidized insecticide‐treated bednets may be that the governments and institutions who pay for the bednets take this money from other priority issues. However, none of the included studies measured whether these or any other side effects had occurred.
Vitamin C for preventing and treating the common cold; Abstract - Background Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) for preventing and treating the common cold has been a subject of controversy for 70 years. Objectives To find out whether vitamin C reduces the incidence, the duration or severity of the common cold when used either as a continuous regular supplementation every day or as a therapy at the onset of cold symptoms. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2012, Issue 11, MEDLINE (1966 to November week 3, 2012), EMBASE (1990 to November 2012), CINAHL (January 2010 to November 2012), LILACS (January 2010 to November 2012) and Web of Science (January 2010 to November 2012). We also searched the U.S. National Institutes of Health trials register and WHO ICTRP on 29 November 2012. Selection criteria We excluded trials which used less than 0.2 g per day of vitamin C and trials without a placebo comparison. We restricted our review to placebo‐controlled trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data. We assessed 'incidence' of colds during regular supplementation as the proportion of participants experiencing one or more colds during the study period. 'Duration' was the mean number of days of illness of cold episodes. Main results Twenty‐nine trial comparisons involving 11,306 participants contributed to the meta‐analysis on the risk ratio (RR) of developing a cold whilst taking vitamin C regularly over the study period. In the general community trials involving 10,708 participants, the pooled RR was 0.97 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.94 to 1.00). Five trials involving a total of 598 marathon runners, skiers and soldiers on subarctic exercises yielded a pooled RR of 0.48 (95% CI 0.35 to 0.64). Thirty‐one comparisons examined the effect of regular vitamin C on common cold duration (9745 episodes). In adults the duration of colds was reduced by 8% (3% to 12%) and in children by 14% (7% to 21%). In children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin C shortened colds by 18%. The severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin C administration. Seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin C (3249 episodes). No consistent effect of vitamin C was seen on the duration or severity of colds in the therapeutic trials. The majority of included trials were randomised, double‐blind trials. The exclusion of trials that were either not randomised or not double‐blind had no effect on the conclusions. Authors' conclusions The failure of vitamin C supplementation to reduce the incidence of colds in the general population indicates that routine vitamin C supplementation is not justified, yet vitamin C may be useful for people exposed to brief periods of severe physical exercise. Regular supplementation trials have shown that vitamin C reduces the duration of colds, but this was not replicated in the few therapeutic trials that have been carried out. Nevertheless, given the consistent effect of vitamin C on the duration and severity of colds in the regular supplementation studies, and the low cost and safety, it may be worthwhile for common cold patients to test on an individual basis whether therapeutic vitamin C is beneficial for them. Further therapeutic RCTs are warranted. Plain language summary Vitamin C for preventing and treating the common cold The common cold is a major cause of visits to a doctor in high‐income countries and of absenteeism from work and school. There are over 200 viruses which can cause the common cold symptoms including runny nose, congestion, sneezing, sore throat, cough, and sometimes headache, fever and red eyes. Symptoms vary from person to person and cold to cold. Since the common cold is usually caused by one of the respiratory viruses, antibiotics are useless and therefore other potential treatment options are of substantial public health interest. Vitamin C has been proposed for treating respiratory infections since it was isolated in the 1930s. It became particularly popular in the 1970s when Nobel laureate Linus Pauling concluded from earlier placebo‐controlled trials that vitamin C would prevent and alleviate the common cold. Over two dozen new trials were undertaken thereafter. Vitamin C has been widely sold and used as a preventive and therapeutic agent. This review is restricted to placebo‐controlled trials testing 0.2 g/day or more of vitamin C. Regular ingestion of vitamin C had no effect on common cold incidence in the ordinary population, based on 29 trial comparisons involving 11,306 participants. However, regular supplementation had a modest but consistent effect in reducing the duration of common cold symptoms, which is based on 31 study comparisons with 9745 common cold episodes. In five trials with 598 participants exposed to short periods of extreme physical stress (including marathon runners and skiers) vitamin C halved the common cold risk. The published trials have not reported adverse effects of vitamin C. Trials of high doses of vitamin C administered therapeutically, starting after the onset of symptoms, showed no consistent effect on the duration or severity of common cold symptoms. However, only a few therapeutic trials have been carried out and none have examined children, although the effect of prophylactic vitamin C has been greater in children. One large trial with adults reported benefit from an 8 g therapeutic dose at the onset of symptoms, and two therapeutic trials using five‐day supplementation reported benefit. More trials are necessary to settle the possible role of therapeutic vitamin C, meaning administration immediately after the onset of symptoms.
Antibiotics for acute laryngitis in adults; Abstract - Background This is an update of the original review published in 2005. Acute laryngitis is a common illness worldwide. Diagnosis is often made by case history alone and treatment often targets symptoms. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of different antibiotic therapies in adults with acute laryngitis. A secondary objective was to report the rates of adverse events associated with these treatments. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 11), MEDLINE (January 1966 to November week 3, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to December 2014), LILACS (1982 to December 2014) and BIOSIS (1980 to December 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing any antibiotic therapy with placebo for acute laryngitis. The main outcome was objective voice scores. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted and synthesised data. Main results We included three RCTs (351 participants) that had moderate to high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. We downgraded the studies because of limitations in study design or execution (risk of bias), imprecision and inconsistency of results. We included a new trial presented only as a conference abstract in this update. In one study of acute laryngitis in adults, 100 participants were randomised to receive penicillin V (800 mg twice daily for five days) or an identical placebo. A recording of each patient reading a standardised text was made at the first visit, during re‐examination after one and two weeks, and at follow‐up after two to six months. No significant differences were found between the groups. The trial also measured symptoms reported by participants and found no significant differences. One study investigated erythromycin for acute laryngitis in 106 adults. The mean objective voice scores measured at the first visit, at re‐examination after one and two weeks, and at follow‐up after two to six months did not significantly differ between the groups. At one week there were significant beneficial differences in the severity of reported vocal symptoms (slight, moderate and severe) as judged by participants (P value = 0.042). However, the rates of participants having improved voice disturbance (subjective symptoms) at one and two weeks were not significantly different among groups. Comparing erythromycin and placebo groups on the rate of persistence of cough at two weeks, the risk ratio (RR) was 0.38 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.15 to 0.97, P value = 0.04) and the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 5.87 (95% CI 3.09 to 65.55). We calculated a RR of 0.64 (95% CI 0.46 to 0.90, P value = 0.034) and a NNTB of 3.76 (95% CI 2.27 to 13.52; P value = 0.01) for the subjective voice scores at one week. A third trial from Russia included 145 patients with acute laryngitis symptoms. Participants were randomised to three treatment groups: Group 1: seven‐day course of fusafungine (six times a day by inhalation); Group 2: seven‐day course of fusafungine (six times a day by inhalation) plus clarithromycin (250 mg twice daily for seven days); Group 3: no treatment. Clinical cure rates were measured at days 5 ± 1, 8 ± 1 and 28 ± 2. The authors reported significant differences in the rates of clinical cure at day 5 ± 1 favouring fusafungine (one trial; 93 participants; RR 1.50, 95% CI 1.02 to 2.20; P value = 0.04) and fusafungine plus clarithromycin (one trial 97 participants; RR 1.47, 95% CI 1.00 to 2.16; P value = 0.05) when compared to no treatment. However, no significant differences were found at days 8 ± 1 and 28 ± 2. Also, no significant differences were found when comparing fusafungine to fusafungine plus clarithromycin at days 5 ± 1, 8 ± 1 and 28 ± 2. Authors' conclusions Antibiotics do not appear to be effective in treating acute laryngitis when assessing objective outcomes. They appear to be beneficial for some subjective outcomes. Erythromycin could reduce voice disturbance at one week and cough at two weeks when measured subjectively. Fusafungine could increase the cure rate at day five. The included RCTs had important methodological problems and these modest benefits from antibiotics may not outweigh their cost, adverse effects or negative consequences for antibiotic resistance patterns. Plain language summary Antibiotics to treat adults with acute laryngitis Review question   Cochrane authors reviewed the available evidence from randomised controlled trials on the use of antibiotics for adults with acute laryngitis. Background   Acute laryngitis is an inflammation of the larynx. The most common symptoms are hoarseness, fever, sore throat, postnasal discharge and difficulty in swallowing. Antibiotics are frequently prescribed by physicians or self prescribed. Reasons for over‐prescribing antibiotics in upper respiratory tract infections such as acute laryngitis are varied but they often involve physicians' and patients' attitudes and expectations. Study characteristics   This review found three studies involving 351 participants evaluating the effectiveness of different antibiotic therapies in adults with acute laryngitis. The evidence is current to December 2014. Quality of the evidence   We ranked the quality of the evidence as low to very low, mainly because many studies had methodological limitations, outcome results were based on limited numbers of trials and the trials included participants that could not be pooled. Key results   We found that penicillin V and erythromycin appear to have no benefit in treating acute laryngitis. Erythromycin could reduce voice disturbance at one week and cough at two weeks when measured subjectively. Fusafungine could improve the rates of cured patients at day five. Overall, there is no clear benefit for the primary outcome, which is an objective assessment of voice quality, but some improvements are seen in subjective measures (i.e. cough, hoarseness of voice) that could be important to patients. However, we consider that these modest benefits from antibiotics may not outweigh their cost, adverse effects or negative consequences for antibiotic resistance patterns. The implications for practice are that prescribing antibiotics should not be done in the first instance as they will not objectively improve symptoms
Corticosteroids for tuberculous pleurisy; Abstract - Background Corticosteroids used in addition to antituberculous therapy have been reported to benefit people with tuberculous pleurisy. However, research findings are inconsistent and raise doubt as to whether such treatment is worthwhile. There is also concern regarding the potential adverse effects of corticosteroids, especially in HIV‐positive people. Objectives To evaluate the effects of adding corticosteroids to drug regimens for tuberculous pleural effusion. Search methods In April 2016, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, Current Controlled Trials, and the reference lists of articles identified by the literature search. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs that compared any corticosteroid with no treatment, placebo, or other active treatment (both groups should have received the same antituberculous drug regimen) in people diagnosed with tuberculous pleurisy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the search results, extracted data from the included trials, and assessed trial methodological quality using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. We analysed the data using risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We applied the fixed‐effect model in the absence of statistically significant heterogeneity. Main results Six trials with 590 participants met the inclusion criteria, which were conducted in Asia (three trials), Africa (two trials), and Europe (one trial). Two trials were in HIV‐negative people, one trial was in HIV‐positive people, and three trials did not report HIV status. Corticosteroids may reduce the time to resolution of pleural effusion. Risk of residual pleural effusion on chest X‐ray was reduced by 45% at eight weeks (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.78; 237 participants, 2 trials,  low certainty evidence ), and 65% at 24 weeks (RR 0.35, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.66; 237 participants, 2 trials,  low certainty evidence ). Compared with control, corticosteroids may reduce the risk of having pleural changes (such as pleural thickening or pleural adhesions), on chest X‐ray at the end of follow‐up by almost one third (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.57 to 0.92; 393 participants, 5 trials, low certainty evidence ), which translates to an absolute risk reduction of 16%. One trial reported deaths in people that were HIV‐positive, with no obvious difference between the groups; the trial authors' analysis suggests that the deaths observed in this trial were related to HIV disease rather than pleural TB (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.31; 197 participants, 1 trial). We found limited data on long‐term functional respiratory impairment on 187 people in two trials, which reported that average percentage predicted forced vital capacity was similar in the group receiving prednisolone and in the control group ( very low certainty evidence ). The risk of adverse events that led to discontinuation of the trial drug was higher in people with pleural TB receiving corticosteroids (RR 2.78, 95% CI 1.11 to 6.94; 587 participants, 6 trials,  low certainty evidence ). The trial in HIV‐positive people reported on six different HIV‐related infections, with no obvious differences. However, cases of Kaposi's sarcoma were only seen in the corticosteroid group (with 6/99 cases in the steroid group compared to 0/98 in the control group) ( very low certainty evidence ). Authors' conclusions Long‐term respiratory function is potentially the most important outcome for assessing the effects of adjunctive treatments for people with pleural TB. However, the information on the impact of pleural TB on long‐term respiratory function is unknown and could be eclipsed by other risk factors, such as concurrent pulmonary TB, smoking, and HIV. This probably needs to be quantified to help decide whether further trials of corticosteroids for pleural TB would be worthwhile. 11 April 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search All eligible published studies found in the last search (18 Nov, 2016) were included and two ongoing studies have been identified (see 'Characteristics of ongoing studies' section) Plain language summary What is tuberculous pleurisy and how might corticosteroids work? Tuberculous pleurisy results from inflammation of the membrane that covers the lungs (the pleura) caused by exposure to  Mycobacterium tuberculosis  bacteria infecting the lungs. This results in a build up of fluid around the lung (pleural effusion) that causes pain and fever, impairs breathing, and may lead to impairment of lung function in the long term. Some clinicians believe that corticosteroids used in combination with antituberculous drugs can speed up the recovery from TB pleurisy and help to prevent long‐term complications. What the evidence shows We examined the available evidence up to 13 April 2016 and included six trials with 590 people, which evaluated prednisolone given with antituberculous treatment (ATT). One included trial was of high quality, while the rest had uncertainties regarding trial quality. All the included trials were in adults; one trial included only HIV‐positive people, two included only HIV‐negative people, and three did not report the HIV status of the participants. Corticosteroids may reduce the time to resolution of the symptoms of TB pleurisy and the time to resolution of the pleural effusion on chest X‐ray ( low certainty evidence).  Corticosteroids may also reduce the risk of having signs of pleural scarring on chest X‐ray (pleural thickening and pleural adhesions) after the disease has resolved ( low certainty evidence ). There was not enough information about lung function to be sure whether or not corticosteroids reduce the risk of lung function impairment after TB pleurisy ( very low certainty evidence ). Corticosteroids may increase the risk of adverse events leading to discontinuation of the trial drug ( low certainty evidence ). From one trial in people living with HIV, there was no detectable increase in HIV‐related conditions with corticosteroids, although cases of Kaposi's sarcoma were only seen in the corticosteroid group and numbers of participants and events were too small to rule out an effect of corticosteroids ( very low certainty evidence ). As the risk of disability and long‐term illness after TB pleurisy is unclear, research looking at the association between TB pleurisy and lung function impairment would be useful to inform future research into corticosteroids for TB pleurisy.
Systemic interventions for treatment of Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome; Abstract - Background Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome are rare, severe cutaneous adverse reactions usually triggered by medications. In addition to tertiary‐level supportive care, various systemic therapies have been used including glucocorticoids, intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIGs), cyclosporin, N‐acetylcysteine, thalidomide, infliximab, etanercept, and plasmapheresis. There is an unmet need to understand the efficacy of these interventions. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic therapies (medicines delivered orally, intramuscularly, or intravenously) for the treatment of SJS, TEN, and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome. Search methods We searched the following databases up to March 2021: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. We also searched five clinical trial registers, the reference lists of all included studies and of key review articles, and a number of drug manufacturer websites. We searched for errata or retractions of included studies. Selection criteria We included only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and prospective observational comparative studies of participants of any age with a clinical diagnosis of SJS, TEN, or SJS/TEN overlap syndrome. We included all systemic therapies studied to date and permitted comparisons between each therapy, as well as between therapy and placebo. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures as specified by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were SJS/TEN‐specific mortality and adverse effects leading to discontinuation of SJS/TEN therapy. Secondary outcomes included time to complete re‐epithelialisation, intensive care unit length of stay, total hospital length of stay, illness sequelae, and other adverse effects attributed to systemic therapy. We rated the certainty of the evidence for each outcome using GRADE. Main results We included nine studies with a total of 308 participants (131 males and 155 females) from seven countries. We included two studies in the quantitative meta‐analysis. We included three RCTs and six prospective, controlled observational studies. Sample sizes ranged from 10 to 91. Most studies did not report study duration or time to follow‐up. Two studies reported a mean SCORe of Toxic Epidermal Necrosis (SCORTEN) of 3 and 1.9. Seven studies did not report SCORTEN, although four of these studies reported average or ranges of body surface area (BSA) (means ranging from 44% to 51%). Two studies were set in burns units, two in dermatology wards, one in an intensive care unit, one in a paediatric ward, and three in unspecified inpatient units. Seven studies reported a mean age, which ranged from 29 to 56 years. Two studies included paediatric participants (23 children). We assessed the results from one of three RCTs as low risk of bias in all domains, one as high, and one as some concerns. We judged the results from all six prospective observational comparative studies to be at a high risk of bias. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence because of serious risk of bias concerns and for imprecision due to small numbers of participants. The interventions assessed included systemic corticosteroids, tumour necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha) inhibitors, cyclosporin, thalidomide, N‐acetylcysteine, IVIG, and supportive care. No data were available for the main comparisons of interest as specified in the review protocol: etanercept versus cyclosporin, etanercept versus IVIG, IVIG versus supportive care, IVIG versus cyclosporin, and cyclosporin versus corticosteroids. Corticosteroids versus no corticosteroids It is uncertain if there is any difference between corticosteroids (methylprednisolone 4 mg/kg/day for two more days after fever had subsided and no new lesions had developed) and no corticosteroids on disease‐specific mortality (risk ratio (RR) 2.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 9.03; 2 studies; 56 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Time to complete re‐epithelialisation, length of hospital stay, and adverse effects leading to discontinuation of therapy were not reported. IVIG versus no IVIG It is uncertain if there is any difference between IVIG (0.2 to 0.5 g/kg cumulative dose over three days) and no IVIG in risk of disease‐specific mortality (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.04 to 2.91); time to complete re‐epithelialisation (mean difference (MD) −2.93 days, 95% CI −4.4 to −1.46); or length of hospital stay (MD −2.00 days, 95% CI −5.81 to 1.81). All results in this comparison were based on one study with 36 participants, and very low‐certainty evidence. Adverse effects leading to discontinuation of therapy were not reported. Etanercept (TNF‐alpha inhibitor) versus corticosteroids Etanercept (25 mg (50 mg if weight > 65 kg) twice weekly "until skin lesions healed") may reduce disease‐specific mortality compared to corticosteroids (intravenous prednisolone 1 to 1.5 mg/kg/day "until skin lesions healed") (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.16 to 1.63; 1 study; 91 participants; low‐certainty evidence); however, the CIs were consistent with possible benefit and possible harm. Serious adverse events, such as sepsis and respiratory failure, were reported in 5 of 48 participants with etanercept and 9 of 43 participants with corticosteroids, but it was not clear if they led to discontinuation of therapy. Time to complete re‐epithelialisation and length of hospital stay were not reported. Cyclosporin versus IVIG  It is uncertain if there is any difference between cyclosporin (3 mg/kg/day or intravenous 1 mg/kg/day until complete re‐epithelialisation, then tapered off (10 mg/day reduction every 48 hours)) and IVIG (continuous infusion 0.75 g/kg/day for 4 days (total dose 3 g/kg) in participants with normal renal function) in risk of disease‐specific mortality (RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.98, 1 study; 22 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Time to complete re‐epithelialisation, length of hospital stay, and adverse effects leading to discontinuation of therapy were not reported. No studies measured intensive care unit length of stay. Authors' conclusions When compared to corticosteroids, etanercept may result in mortality reduction. For the following comparisons, the certainty of the evidence for disease‐specific mortality is very low: corticosteroids versus no corticosteroids,  IVIG versus no IVIG and cyclosporin versus IVIG. There is a need for more multicentric studies, focused on the most important clinical comparisons, to provide reliable answers about the best treatments for SJS/TEN. Plain language summary Which treatments that affect the whole body work best to treat severe skin reactions (Stevens‐Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis)? Key messages Treating severe skin reactions with etanercept (a medicine that acts to reduce a specific part of the immune system), rather than steroids (which broadly reduces the immune system), may result in a lower number of deaths from Stevens‐Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis. We are uncertain about the effectiveness of other treatments, such as steroids and cyclosporin (medicines that act on the immune system) or immunoglobulins (naturally produced antibodies). We need more studies set across multiple sites that compare the effectiveness and safety of the most important treatments. What causes severe skin reactions? Certain medications may trigger severe skin reactions known as Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS), a more severe condition known as toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), or an overlap syndrome (SJS/TEN). Large skin blisters form, which leave painful sores. The affected skin eventually peels off (necrosis). Cases are rare, but can be fatal if they lead to infections or problems affecting other organs. Severe skin reactions are medical emergencies, and require treatment in a hospital, often in an intensive care or a burns unit. Treatments include supportive care, such as fluids and nutrition, wound care, and painkilling medications. What did we want to find out? In addition to supportive care, treatments taken by mouth or injected include medicines that act on the immune system (e.g. etanercept) and intravenous immunoglobulins (antibodies). We wanted to find out how well these treatments work to treat severe skin reactions. What did we do? We searched for studies of all currently used treatments taken by mouth or injected to treat SJS, TEN, or SJS/TEN overlap. We were interested in studies that compared one of these treatments against another, or against supportive treatment alone to determine whether one worked better than the other.  What did we find? We found 9 studies in 308 people (adults and a few children), which took place in India, Europe, China, and Taiwan. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (a type of study where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups). The other six studies observed the effectiveness of a treatment compared to another, without randomly assigning participants to a treatment (observational study). Most patients in the studies (where reported) had a moderate severity of disease, with 44% to 51% of their body surface area affected by rash. Studies were set in burn units, intensive care units and inpatient hospital wards.  Main results The evidence comparing no steroids to steroids came from only 2 observational studies in 56 people; we are uncertain about this result due to our lack of confidence in the evidence: on average, out of 1000 people given steroids, 232 people are at risk of dying, compared with 91 out of every 1000 not given steroids. The number of days to full skin healing and length of hospital stay were not reported. The evidence comparing immunoglobulins to no immunoglobulins came from 1 observational study in 36 people; we are uncertain about these results due to our lack of confidence in the evidence: on average, for every 1000 people given immunoglobulins, 55 people are at risk of dying, compared with 167 of every 1000 people not given immunoglobulins. The skin of people given immunoglobulins healed almost three days faster, and people spent two days less in hospital. Compared with steroids, etanercept may reduce the number of people who die: on average, for every 1000 people given etanercept, 83 people would die from complications of their severe skin reaction (usually infection), compared with 163 out of every 1000 people given steroids (evidence from 1 RCT in 91 participants). Unwanted side effects (such as breathing problems or severe infections) occurred in both etanercept and steroids study groups, but it was not clear if they caused participants to stop treatment. Other studies did not report on unwanted effects leading to discontinuation of treatment. The number of days to full skin healing and length of hospital stay were not reported. The evidence comparing cyclosporin with immunoglobulins was from 1 observational study in 22 people; we are uncertain about this result due to our lack of confidence in the evidence: on average, for every 1000 people given cyclosporin, 65 people are at risk of dying, compared with 500 out of every 1000 people given immunoglobulins. The number of days to full skin healing and length of hospital stay were not reported. No studies measured the length of stay in intensive care units. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are not confident in our results because they came from few studies with small numbers of participants. In most studies, the way in which the studies were conducted could have influenced the findings of the study. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The evidence is current to March 2021.
Topical repellents for malaria prevention; Abstract - Background Insecticide‐based interventions, such as long‐lasting insecticide‐treated nets (LLINs) and indoor residual spraying (IRS), remain the backbone of malaria vector control. These interventions target mosquitoes that prefer to feed and rest indoors, but have limited capacity to prevent transmission that occurs outdoors or outside regular sleeping hours. In low‐endemicity areas, malaria elimination will require that these control gaps are addressed, and complementary tools are found. The use of topical repellents may be particularly useful for populations who may not benefit from programmatic malaria control measures, such as refugees, the military, or forest goers. This Cochrane Review aims to measure the effectiveness of topical repellents to prevent malaria infection among high‐ and non‐high‐risk populations living in malaria‐endemic regions. Objectives To assess the effect of topical repellents alone or in combination with other background interventions (long‐lasting insecticide‐treated nets, or indoor residual spraying, or both) for reducing the incidence of malaria in high‐ and non‐high‐risk populations living in endemic areas. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 11 January 2023: the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialised Register; CENTRAL (in the Cochrane Library); MEDLINE; Embase; CAB Abstracts; and LILACS. We also searched trial registration platforms and conference proceedings; and contacted organizations and companies for ongoing and unpublished trials. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and cluster‐randomized controlled trials (cRCTs) of topical repellents proven to repel mosquitoes. We also included non‐randomized studies that complied with pre‐specified inclusion criteria: controlled before‐after studies (CBA), controlled interrupted time series (ITS), and controlled cross‐over trials. Data collection and analysis Four review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion, and extracted the data. Two authors independently assessed the risk of bias (RoB) using the Cochrane RoB 2 tool. A fifth review author resolved any disagreements. We analysed data by conducting a meta‐analysis, stratified by whether studies included populations considered to be at high‐risk of developing malaria infection (for example, refugees, forest goers, or deployed military troops). We combined results from cRCTs with RCTs by adjusting for clustering and presented results using forest plots. We used the GRADE framework to assess the certainty of the evidence. We only included data on  Plasmodium falciparum  infections in the meta‐analysis. Main results Thirteen articles relating to eight trials met the inclusion criteria and were qualitatively described. We included six trials in the meta‐analysis (five cRCTs and one RCT). Effect on malaria incidence Topical repellents may slightly reduce  P falciparum  infection and clinical incidence when both outcomes are considered together (incidence rate ratio (IRR) 0.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56 to 0.98; 3 cRCTs and 1 RCT, 61,651 participants; low‐certainty evidence); but not when these two outcomes were considered independently. Two cRCTs and one RCT (12,813 participants) evaluated the effect of topical repellents on infection incidence (IRR 0.76, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.02; low‐certainty evidence). One cRCT (48,838 participants) evaluated their effect on clinical case incidence (IRR 0.66, 95% CI 0.32 to 1.36; low‐certainty evidence). Three studies (2 cRCTs and 1 RCT) included participants belonging to groups considered at high‐risk of being infected, while only one cRCT did not include participants at high risk. Adverse events Topical repellents are considered safe. The prevalence of adverse events among participants who used topical repellents was very low (0.6%, 283/47,515) and limited to mild skin reactions. Effect on malaria prevalence Topical repellents may slightly reduce  P falciparum  prevalence (odds ratio (OR) 0.81, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.97; 3 cRCTs and 1 RCT; 55,366 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Two of these studies (1 cRCT and 1 RCT) were carried out in refugee camps, and included exclusively high‐risk populations that were not receiving any other background vector control intervention. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to conclude that topical repellents can prevent malaria in settings where other vector control interventions are in place. We found the certainty of evidence for all outcomes to be low, primarily due to the risk of bias. A protective effect was suggested among high‐risk populations, specially refugees, who might not have access to other standard vector control measures. More adequately powered clinical trials carried out in refugee camps could provide further information on the potential benefit of topical repellents in this setting. Individually randomized studies are also likely necessary to understand whether topical repellents have an effect on personal protection, and the degree to which diversion to non‐protected participants affects overall transmission dynamics. Despite this, the potential additional benefits of topical repellents are most likely limited in contexts where other interventions are available. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of using topical insect repellents to prevent malaria? Key messages • Topical repellents may slightly reduce the incidence and prevalence of malaria caused by  Plasmodium falciparum. • These changes seem to be particularly important in high‐risk populations, specifically in refugees living in camps where there are fewer other options. • Topical repellents may make little or no difference in malaria prevalence and incidence in settings where insecticide‐treated nets, and other options to control the transmission of malaria are readily available. What is malaria? Malaria is a disease caused by at least five species of parasites from the genus  Plasmodium , and spread by the bite of  Anopheles  mosquitoes .  The disease regularly affects people in tropical areas of Central and South America, South and Southeast Asia, and particularly, Africa. Over 247 million malaria cases and 619,000 deaths occurred in 2021, mostly in Africa. The disease affects the function of red blood cells, which transport oxygen through the body. This generally causes fever, malaise (a feeling of 'just not feeling well'), and other mild symptoms. However, some people can develop complicated disease, which is associated with a severe reduction in the number of circulating red blood cells, and problems in the liver, brain, and other organs. Malaria can be treated with different medicines, which are generally effective. Certain tools that prevent mosquito bites, like nets treated with insecticides, can protect people from getting it, and have helped to significantly reduce the number of cases around the world. Nonetheless, most of these approaches target mosquitoes that feed indoors and on humans. They are less effective against species that can feed outdoors, so do not really eliminate the disease. What did we want to find out? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if topical insect repellents (substances applied to the skin to prevent mosquito bites) can prevent malaria in people living in regions where this disease occurs regularly. We were particularly interested in their effect on people who might not be adequately protected by other measures, which are more commonly used to prevent malaria. We wanted to find out if topical repellents were better than a placebo, or no intervention at all, to reduce two indicators of malaria transmission: • Malaria incidence (the number of new cases in a period of time); • Malaria prevalence (the number of all cases at a certain moment). We also wanted to know if topical repellents caused any adverse side effects to people who used them. What did we do? We searched the existing literature for studies that compared the effect of topical repellents (alone or in combination with other tools to prevent mosquito bites) with a placebo or no intervention. We compared and summarized the results of the included studies, and rated our confidence in the evidence they provided, based on the methods used in each one. What did we find? We included a total of eight studies, which included over 60,000 people. The studies took place in areas with low malaria transmission, mostly in Southeast Asia and South America. The topical repellents evaluated included lotions, soaps, and cosmetics. We found evidence suggesting that topical repellents may slightly reduce the incidence and prevalence of malaria cases caused by  P falciparum  in settings where other tools to prevent mosquito bites are not available. Despite this, our findings suggest that repellents probably make little or no difference in places where these tools are already widely used. Topical repellents are considered safe, and the prevalence of adverse side effects was very low. What are the limitations of the evidence? The benefits of topical repellents were particularly clear among refugees. However, shortfalls in the design of the included studies did not allow us to generalize these observations to other contexts. We only included cases of malaria caused by the parasite  P falciparum.  We also recognize that studies measured and reported adherence differently, and often did not know if the participants actually used the repellent as advised. How up to date is this review? The evidence is up to date to 11 January 2023.
Platinum‐based chemotherapy for early triple‐negative breast cancer; Abstract - Background Triple‐negative breast cancer (TNBC) is an aggressive subtype of breast cancer associated with shorter survival and a higher likelihood of the cancer returning. In early TNBC, platinum‐based chemotherapy has been shown to improve pathological complete response (pCR); however, its effect on long‐term survival outcomes has not been fully elucidated and recommendations to include platinum chemotherapy are not consistent in international guidelines. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of platinum‐based chemotherapy as adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment in people with early triple‐negative breast cancer. Search methods We used standard, extensive Cochrane search methods. The latest search date was 4 April 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials examining neoadjuvant or adjuvant platinum chemotherapy for early TNBC. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were disease‐free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS). Our secondary outcomes were pCR, treatment adherence, grade III or IV toxicity related to chemotherapy, and quality of life. Prespecified subgroups included BRCA mutation status, homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) status, frequency of chemotherapy, type of platinum agent used, and the presence or absence of anthracycline chemotherapy. We assessed risk of bias using Cochrane's RoB 1 tool and certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results From 3972 records, we included 20 published studies involving 21 treatment comparisons, and 25 ongoing studies. For most domains, risk of bias was low across studies. There were 16 neoadjuvant chemotherapy studies (one of which combined neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy) and four adjuvant chemotherapy trials. Most studies used carboplatin (17 studies) followed by cisplatin (two), and lobaplatin (one). Eight studies had an anthracycline‐free intervention arm, five of which had a carboplatin‐taxane intervention compared to an anthracycline‐taxane control. All studies reporting DFS and OS used carboplatin. Inclusion of platinum chemotherapy improved DFS in neoadjuvant and adjuvant settings (neoadjuvant: hazard ratio (HR) 0.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53 to 0.75; 7 studies, 8 treatment comparisons, 1966 participants; high‐certainty evidence; adjuvant: HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.88; 4 studies, 1256 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Platinum chemotherapy in the regimen improved OS (neoadjuvant: HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.55 to 0.86; 7 studies, 8 treatment comparisons, 1973 participants; high‐certainty evidence; adjuvant: 0.70, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.96; 4 studies, 1256 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Median follow‐up for survival outcomes ranged from 36 to 97.6 months. Our analysis confirmed platinum chemotherapy increased pCR rates (risk ratio (RR) 1.44, 95% CI 1.31 to 1.59; 15 studies, 16 treatment comparisons, 3083 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Subgroup analyses showed no evidence of differences in DFS according to BRCA mutation status, HRD status, lymph node status, or whether the intervention arm contained anthracycline chemotherapy or not. Platinum chemotherapy was associated with reduced dose intensity, with participants more likely to require chemotherapy delays (RR 2.23, 95% CI 1.70 to 2.94; 4 studies, 5 treatment comparisons, 1053 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), dose reductions (RR 1.77, 95% CI 1.56 to 2.02; 7 studies, 8 treatment comparisons, 2055 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and early cessation of treatment (RR 1.20, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.38; 16 studies, 17 treatment comparisons, 4178 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Increased haematological toxicity occurred in the platinum group who were more likely to experience grade III/IV neutropenia (RR 1.53, 95% CI 1.43 to 1.63; 19 studies, 20 treatment comparisons, 4849 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), anaemia (RR 8.20, 95% CI 5.66 to 11.89; 18 studies, 19 treatment comparisons, 4757 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and thrombocytopenia (RR 7.59, 95% CI 5.10 to 11.29; 18 studies, 19 treatment comparisons, 4731 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There was no evidence of a difference between chemotherapy groups in febrile neutropenia (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.49; 11 studies, 3771 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Renal impairment was very rare (0.4%, 2 events in 463 participants; note 3 studies reported 0 events in both arms; 4 studies; high‐certainty evidence). Treatment‐related death was very rare (0.2%, 7 events in 3176 participants and similar across treatment groups; RR 0.58, 95% 0.14 to 2.33; 10 studies, 11 treatment comparisons; note 8 studies reported treatment‐related deaths but recorded 0 events in both groups. Thus, the RR and CIs were calculated from 3 studies rather than 11; 3176 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Five studies collected quality of life data but did not report them. Authors' conclusions Platinum‐based chemotherapy using carboplatin in the adjuvant or neoadjuvant setting improves long‐term outcomes of DFS and OS in early TNBC, with no evidence of differences by subgroup. This was at the cost of more frequent chemotherapy delays and dose reductions, and greater haematological toxicity, though serious adverse events including neuropathy, febrile neutropenia or treatment‐related death were not increased. These findings support the use of platinum‐based chemotherapy for people with early TNBC. The optimal dose and regimen are not defined by this analysis, but there is a suggestion that similar relative benefits result from the addition of carboplatin to either anthracycline‐free regimens or those containing anthracycline agents. Plain language summary Platinum‐containing chemotherapy for women before or after surgery for early triple‐negative breast cancer Key messages Chemotherapy including the platinum‐based medicine carboplatin improves survival and reduces the chance of cancer returning for people with early triple negative breast cancer. However, it is also associated with increased side effects. What is triple‐negative breast cancer? Triple‐negative breast cancer makes up 15% of breast cancer cases. It is a type of breast cancer that does not have any of the three receptors commonly found on breast cancer cells – the oestrogen, progesterone and HER2 receptors. Early breast cancer is defined as cancer limited to the breast and lymph nodes in the armpit, and it can usually be cured. How is early triple‐negative breast cancer treated? Treatments for early triple‐negative breast cancer include: – surgery to remove the cancer from the breast and lymph nodes; – radiotherapy to the breast and lymph nodes, used to prevent the cancer from coming back in these areas; – chemotherapy, used to prevent the cancer from coming back anywhere in the body. This can be given before surgery (called 'neoadjuvant') or after surgery (called 'adjuvant'). What did we want to find out? There are many types of chemotherapy used in triple‐negative breast cancer. We wanted to find out if a specific class of chemotherapy called 'platinum‐based chemotherapy' increases: – the length of time people stayed alive without cancer recurrence after diagnosis (disease‐free survival); – the total length of life after diagnosis (overall survival); – the likelihood that the cancer had disappeared in the removed breast and lymph node tissue when chemotherapy was given before surgery (pathological complete response). We also wanted to find out if platinum‐based chemotherapy was associated with more unwanted outcomes like chemotherapy delays, dose reductions or side effects. What did we do? We searched for studies looking at chemotherapy for early triple‐negative breast cancer that compared regimens containing platinum chemotherapy to regimens without platinum chemotherapy. We compared and summarised the results of the studies, and rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as study methods and size. What did we find? We found 20 studies that involved 4688 people with early triple‐negative breast cancer, with average follow‐up in studies ranging from three to eight years. Platinum chemotherapy was associated with longer disease‐free survival and overall survival, and reduced the chance of disease recurrence and death by about one third. These benefits were seen with chemotherapy used before surgery (neoadjuvant) or after surgery (adjuvant). When used before surgery, it also improved the likelihood of a pathological complete response. We did not find that any particular subgroup, such as people with a high‐risk gene mutation, had more benefit from platinum chemotherapy. However, people receiving platinum chemotherapy were more likely to need the dose of their chemotherapy to be reduced, or to have a delay in their chemotherapy. They were also more likely to stop chemotherapy early. Platinum chemotherapy also caused more serious side effects including low blood cell counts. It was not associated with an increase in having fevers associated with low white blood cell counts (febrile neutropenia), nerve damage symptoms (neuropathy) or death caused by treatment. What are the limitations of the evidence? The evidence was generally of high quality and included enough data to make judgements to answer our main questions. However, there were many types of chemotherapy used across studies. Although we have shown that platinum chemotherapy improves long‐term outcomes, we do not know what the best chemotherapy combination is. None of the studies reported quality of life, which we had initially set out to measure and record. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This evidence is up‐to‐date to April 2022.
Endoscopic injection of cyanoacrylate glue versus other endoscopic procedures for acute bleeding gastric varices in people with portal hypertension; Abstract - Background In people with portal hypertension, gastric varices are less prevalent than oesophageal varices. The risk of bleeding from gastric varices seems to be lower than from oesophageal varices; however, when gastric varices bleed, it is often severe and associated with higher mortality. Endoscopic sclerotherapy of bleeding gastric varices with N‐butyl‐2‐cyanoacrylate glue (cyanoacrylate) is considered the best haemostasis with a lower risk of re‐bleeding compared with other endoscopic methods. However, there are some inconsistencies between trials regarding mortality, incidence of re‐bleeding, and adverse effects. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of sclerotherapy using cyanoacrylate compared with other endoscopic sclerotherapy procedures or with variceal band ligation for treating acute gastric variceal bleeding with or without vasoactive drugs in people with portal hypertension and to assess the best dosage of cyanoacrylate. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Controlled Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Science Citation Index Expanded from inception to September 2014 and reference lists of articles. We included trials irrespective of trial setting, language, publication status, or date of publication. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials comparing sclerotherapy using cyanoacrylate versus other endoscopic methods (sclerotherapy using alcohol‐based compounds or endoscopy band ligation) for acute gastric variceal bleeding in people with portal hypertension. Data collection and analysis We performed the review following the recommendations of the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions  and the Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Module. We presented results as risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI), with I 2  statistic values as a measure of intertrial heterogeneity. We analysed data with both fixed‐effect and random‐effects models, and reported the results with random‐effects models. We performed subgroup, sensitivity, and trial sequential analyses to evaluate the robustness of the overall results, risk of bias, sources of intertrial heterogeneity, and risk of random errors. Main results We included six randomised clinical trials with three different comparisons: one trial compared two different doses of cyanoacrylate in 91 adults, bleeding actively from all types of gastric varices; one trial compared cyanoacrylate versus alcohol‐based compounds in 37 adults with active or acute bleeding from isolated gastric varices only; and four trials compared cyanoacrylate versus endoscopic band ligation in 365 adults, with active or acute bleeding from all types of gastric varices. Main outcomes in the included trials were bleeding‐related mortality, failure of intervention, re‐bleeding, adverse events, and control of bleeding. Follow‐up varied from six to 26 months. The participants included in these trials had chronic liver disease of different severities, were predominantly men, and most were from Eastern countries. We judged all trials at high risk of bias. Application of quality criteria for all outcomes yielded very low quality grade of the evidence in the three analyses, except for the low quality evidence rated for the re‐bleeding outcome in the cyanoacrylate versus endoscopic band ligation comparison. Two different doses of cyanoacrylate:  we found very low quality evidence from one trial for the effect of 0.5 mL compared with 1.0 mL of cyanoacrylate on all‐cause mortality (20/44 (45.5%) with 0.5 mL versus 21/47 (45%) with 1.0 mL; RR 1.02; 95% CI 0.65 to 1.60), 30‐day mortality (RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.41 to 2.80), failure of intervention (RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.56 to 2.05), prevention of re‐bleeding (RR 1.30; 95% CI 0.73 to 2.31), adverse events reported as fever (RR 0.56; 95% CI 0.32 to 0.98), and control of bleeding (RR 1.04; 95% CI 0.78 to 1.38) . Cyanoacrylate versus alcohol‐based compounds:  we found very low quality evidence from one trial for the effect of cyanoacrylate versus alcohol‐based compounds on 30‐day mortality (2/20 (10%) with cyanoacrylate versus 4/17 (23.5%) with alcohol‐based compound; RR 0.43; 95% CI 0.09 to 2.04), failure of intervention (RR 0.36; 95% CI 0.09 to 1.35), prevention of re‐bleeding (RR 0.85; 95% CI 0.30 to 2.45), adverse events reported as fever (RR 0.43; 95% CI 0.22 to 0.80), and control of bleeding (RR 1.79; 95% CI 1.13 to 2.84). Cyanoacrylate versus endoscopic band ligation:  we found very low quality evidence for the effect of cyanoacrylate versus endoscopic band ligation on bleeding‐related mortality (44/185 (23.7%) with cyanoacrylate versus 50/181 (27.6%) with endoscopic band ligation; RR 0.83; 95% CI 0.52 to 1.31), failure of intervention (RR 1.13; 95% CI 0.23 to 5.69), complications (RR 2.81; 95% CI 0.69 to 11.49), and control of bleeding (RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.90 to 1.27). There was low quality evidence for the prevention of re‐bleeding (RR 0.60; 95% CI 0.41 to 0.88). Trial sequential analysis showed that the analyses were underpowered (diversity‐adjusted required information size was 5290 participants for bleeding‐related mortality). Authors' conclusions This review suggests that endoscopic sclerotherapy using cyanoacrylate may be more effective than endoscopic band ligation in terms of preventing re‐bleeding from gastric varices. However, due to the very low quality of the evidence, we are very uncertain about our estimates on all‐cause and bleeding‐related mortality, failure of intervention, adverse events, and control of bleeding. The trials were at high risk of bias; the number of the included randomised clinical trials and number of participants included in each trial was small; and there was evidence of internal heterogeneity across trials, indirectness of evidence in terms of population, and possible publication bias. The effectiveness of different doses of cyanoacrylate and the comparison of cyanoacrylate versus alcohol compounds to treat variceal bleeding in people with portal hypertension is uncertain due to the very low quality of the evidence. The shortcomings mentioned call for more evidence from larger trials that need to be conducted according to the SPIRIT statement and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Plain language summary Endoscopic injection of cyanoacrylate glue versus other endoscopic procedures for acute bleeding gastric varices in people with portal hypertension Background Acute bleeding from ruptured gastric varices (enlarged veins), the most severe consequence of portal hypertension (that is increased pressure in the veins leading to the liver), is associated with high death rates. The most promising treatment for this condition is considered to be endoscopic sclerotherapy (passing a flexible tube with a camera at the end down the oesophagus (swallowing tube) allowing direct visualisation and treatment of bleeding varices) with N‐butyl‐2‐cyanoacrylate (cyanoacrylate), which is a glue that causes blood clots to form and stops the bleeding. However, incidence of re‐bleeding and complications have opened a debate on when this glue should be used compared with other endoscopic procedures. Characteristic of included studies This review includes six trials (following search of scientific databases through to September 2014) of three different comparisons regarding the use of cyanoacrylate: comparison of different dosages of cyanoacrylate (one trial, 91 participants), cyanoacrylate compared with alcohol‐based compounds (one trial, 37 participants), and cyanoacrylate compared with endoscopic band ligation (where enlarged veins are tied off using elastic bands; four trials, 366 participants). Risk of bias (that is overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) was high in all trials. Outcomes assessed included death, bleeding‐related death, treatment failure, re‐bleeding, side effects, and bleeding control. Follow‐up of people varied from six to 26 months. All people included in these trials had chronic liver disease of different severities and were predominantly men. Most of the trials came from Eastern countries, although it must be noted that prevalence of chronic liver disease is fairly similar worldwide, with differences in causes that may have no effect on variceal bleeding. Results One trial showed that death was similar between the group of people who received the lower dose (0.5 mL) of cyanoacrylate and people who received a higher dose (1.0 mL), but fewer people who were given the lower dose had fewer complications. However, because the trial was small, we cannot be certain that the doses have the same effect. One trial implied that cyanoacrylate may be better than endoscopic sclerotherapy using alcohol‐based compounds in terms of bleeding control, control of bleeding in fundal varices (enlarged veins at the base of the oesophagus), and complications, but the trial was too small to be certain about this effect. Results from four trials suggested that cyanoacrylate may be better than endoscopic band ligation regarding re‐bleeding, and that it seems as effective as endoscopic band ligation regarding bleeding control, treatment failure, and prevention of death. Quality of evidence The quality of evidence ranged from very low to low. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence included high likelihood of bias (due to small numbers of participants), imprecision of results, and differences in populations studied in the trials.
Taxanes for adjuvant treatment of early breast cancer; Abstract - Background Adjuvant chemotherapy improves survival in premenopausal and postmenopausal women with early breast cancer. Taxanes are highly active chemotherapy agents used in metastatic breast cancer. Review authors examined their role in early breast cancer. This review is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2007. Objectives To assess the effects of taxane‐containing adjuvant chemotherapy regimens for treatment of women with operable early breast cancer. Search methods For this review update, we searched the Specialised Register of the Cochrane Breast Cancer Group, MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL (2018, Issue 6), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), and ClinicalTrials.gov on 16 July 2018, using key words such as 'early breast cancer' and 'taxanes'. We screened reference lists of other related literature reviews and articles, contacted trial authors, and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing taxane‐containing regimens versus non‐taxane‐containing regimens in women with operable breast cancer were included. Studies of women receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy were excluded. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias and quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Hazard ratios (HRs) were derived for time‐to‐event outcomes, and meta‐analysis was performed using a fixed‐effect model. The primary outcome measure was overall survival (OS); disease‐free survival (DFS) was a secondary outcome measure. Toxicity was represented as odds ratios (ORs), and quality of life (QoL) data were extracted when present. Main results This review included 29 studies (27 full‐text publications and 2 abstracts or online theses). The updated analysis included 41,911 randomised women; the original review included 21,191 women. Taxane‐containing regimens improved OS (HR 0.87, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.83 to 0.92; high‐certainty evidence; 27 studies; 39,180 women; 6501 deaths) and DFS (HR, 0.88, 95% CI 0.85 to 0.92; high‐certainty evidence; 29 studies; 41,909 women; 10,271 reported events) compared to chemotherapy without a taxane. There was moderate to substantial heterogeneity across studies for OS and DFS (respectively). When a taxane‐containing regimen was compared with the same regimen without a taxane, the beneficial effects of taxanes persisted for OS (HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.77 to 0.92; P < 0.001; 7 studies; 10,842 women) and for DFS (HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.90; P < 0.001; 7 studies; 10,842 women). When a taxane‐containing regimen was compared with the same regimen with another drug or drugs that were substituted for the taxane, a beneficial effect was observed for OS and DFS with the taxane‐containing regimen (OS: HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.74 to 0.86; P < 0.001; 13 studies; 16,196 women; DFS: HR 0.83, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.88; P < 0.001; 14 studies; 16,823 women). Preliminary subgroup analysis by lymph node status showed a survival benefit with taxane‐containing regimens in studies of women with lymph node‐positive disease only (HR 0.83, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.88; P < 0.001; 17 studies; 22,055 women) but less benefit in studies of women both with and without lymph node metastases or with no lymph node metastases. Taxane‐containing regimens also improved DFS in women with lymph node‐positive disease (HR 0.84, 95% CI 0.80 to 0.88; P < 0.001; 17 studies; 22,055 women), although the benefit was marginal in studies of women both with and without lymph node‐positive disease (HR 0.95, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.02; 9 studies; 12,998 women) and was not apparent in studies of women with lymph node‐negative disease (HR 0.99, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.14; 3 studies; 6856 women). Taxanes probably result in a small increase in risk of febrile neutropenia (odds ratio (OR) 1.55, 95% CI 0.96 to 2.49; moderate‐certainty evidence; 24 studies; 33,763 women) and likely lead to a large increase in grade 3/4 neuropathy (OR 6.89, 95% CI 3.23 to 14.71; P < 0.001; moderate‐certainty evidence; 22 studies; 31,033 women). Taxanes probably cause little or no difference in cardiotoxicity compared to regimens without a taxane (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.33; moderate‐certainty evidence; 23 studies; 32,894 women). Seven studies reported low‐quality evidence for QoL; overall, taxanes may make little or no difference in QoL compared to chemotherapy without a taxane during the follow‐up period; however, the duration of follow‐up differed across studies. Only one study, which was conducted in Europe, provided cost‐effectiveness data. Authors' conclusions This review of studies supports the use of taxane‐containing adjuvant chemotherapy regimens, with improvement in overall survival and disease‐free survival for women with operable early breast cancer. This benefit persisted when analyses strictly compared a taxane‐containing regimen versus the same regimen without a taxane or the same regimen with another drug that was substituted for the taxane. Preliminary evidence suggests that taxanes are more effective for women with lymph node‐positive disease than for those with lymph node‐negative disease. Considerable heterogeneity across studies probably reflects the varying efficacy of the chemotherapy backbones of the comparator regimens used in these studies. This review update reports results that are remarkably consistent with those of the original review, and it is highly unlikely that this review will be updated, as new trials are assessing treatments based on more detailed breast cancer biology. Plain language summary Taxane‐containing chemotherapy for women after surgery for early breast cancer What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if adding taxane drugs to standard chemotherapy improves survival and is safe for women with early breast cancer. Cochrane Review authors collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer these questions and found 29 studies. Key messages Adding a taxane drug to standard chemotherapy improved survival (women lived longer) and reduced the chance of cancer returning in women with operable early breast cancer, but the use of taxanes probably led to increased risk of some side effects such as febrile neutropenia (low white cell count with fever) and neuropathy (damage to the nerves). What was studied in this review? Early breast cancer is cancer that has not spread beyond the breast or nearby lymph nodes. It may be curable with surgery alone, but there is a risk that after surgery the breast cancer may return. Chemotherapy and radiotherapy are needed after surgery to achieve a cure. A combination of chemotherapy drugs, rather than one drug by itself, is usually used to treat early breast cancer. One class of chemotherapy drugs commonly used is taxanes. Taxanes act by stalling the cellular processes that are needed for cells to divide. This action causes cancer cells to stop dividing and slows the growth of cancer or kills the cells. Two main taxane drugs are available ‐ paclitaxel and docetaxel. The practice of adding taxanes to standard chemotherapy has increased over the last 10 years as data from clinical trials have become available. There is a need to review these data to find out the benefits of these drugs, any side effects of the drugs, and how treatment is affecting a woman's overall well‐being (quality of life). What are the main results of this review? Review authors found 29 relevant studies involving 41,911 women. These studies compared chemotherapy that contained a taxane against chemotherapy that did not contain a taxane. Around half of the studies used paclitaxel, and the other half used docetaxel. The decision whether to use paclitaxel or docetaxel generally was based on the availability of these drugs in the hospital. Researchers gave these drugs by injection into a vein. The women's health was monitored for at least 12 months from the start of the study. Some studies monitored women for 10 years. Review authors found that adding a taxane drug to chemotherapy: • improves survival and reduces the risk of cancer coming back compared to chemotherapy with no taxane; • probably leads to an increased chance of some side effects compared to chemotherapy with no taxane. Side effects that are more likely to occur due to taxanes are febrile neutropenia (low white cell count with fever) and neuropathy (damage to the nerves); • probably makes little or no difference in heart function compared to chemotherapy with no taxane; and • may make little or no difference in quality of life for women compared to chemotherapy with no taxane. Seven of 29 studies provided information on the quality of life of women. Very little information is available on the costs of adding a taxane to chemotherapy; only one study, which was conducted in Europe, reported cost‐effectiveness data. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to July 2018.
Bisphosphonates for Paget's disease of bone in adults; Abstract - Background Bisphosphonates are considered to be the treatment of choice for people with Paget's disease of bone. However, the effects of bisphosphonates on patient‐centred outcomes have not been extensively studied. There are insufficient data to determine whether reducing and maintaining biochemical markers of bone turnover to within the normal range improves quality of life and reduces the risk of complications. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of bisphosphonates for adult patients with Paget's disease of bone. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, ISI Web of Knowledge and trials registers up to March 2017. We searched regulatory agency published information for rare adverse events. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of bisphosphonates as treatment for Paget's disease in adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened search results, extracted data and assessed studies for risk of bias. We used standard methodological procedures expected by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results We included 20 trials (25 reports, 3168 participants). Of these, 10 trials (801 participants) compared bisphosphonates (etidronate, tiludronate, ibandronate, pamidronate, olpadronate, alendronate, risedronate, zoledronate) versus placebo, seven compared two bisphosphonates (992 participants), one trial compared a bisphosphonates with a bisphosphonate plus calcitonin (44 participants), and two studies, the largest trial (1331 participants) and its interventional extension study (502 participants), compared symptomatic treatment and intensive treatment where the goal was to normalise alkaline phosphatase. Most studies were assessed at low or unclear risk of bias. Six of 10 studies comparing bisphosphonates versus placebo were assessed at high risk of bias, mainly around incomplete outcome data and selective outcome reporting. Participant populations were reasonably homogeneous in terms of age (mean age 66 to 74 years) and sex (51% to 74% male). Most studies included participants who had elevated alkaline phosphatase levels whether or not bone pain was present. Mean follow‐up was six months. Bisphosphonates versus placebo Bisphosphonates tripled the proportion (31% versus 9%) of participants whose bone pain disappeared (RR 3.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.31 to 8.90; 2 studies, 205 participants; NNT 5, 95% CI 1 to 31; moderate‐quality evidence). This result is clinically important. Data were consistent when pain change was measured as any reduction (RR 1.97, 95% CI 1.29 to 3.01; 7 studies, 481 participants). There was uncertainty about differences in incident fractures: 1.4% fractures occurred in the bisphosphonates group and none in the placebo group (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.18 to 4.31; 4 studies, 356 participants; very low‐quality evidence). None of the studies reported data on orthopaedic surgery, quality of life or hearing thresholds. Results regarding adverse effects and treatment discontinuation were uncertain. There was a 64% risk of mild gastrointestinal adverse events in intervention group participants and 48% in the control group (RR 1.32, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.92; 6 studies, 376 participants; low‐quality evidence). The likelihood of study participants discontinuing due to adverse effects was slightly higher in intervention group participants (4.4%) than the control group (4.1%) (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.41 to 2.52; 6 studies, 517 participants; low‐quality evidence). Zoledronate was associated with an increased risk of transient fever or fatigue (RR 2.57, 95% CI 1.21 to 5.44; 1 study, 176 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Bisphosphonates versus active comparator More participants reported pain relief with zoledronate than pamidronate (RR 1.30, 95% CI 1.10 to 1.53; 1 study, 89 participants; NNT 5, 95% CI 3 to 11) or risedronate (RR 1.36, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.74; 1 study, 347 participants; NNT 7, 95% CI 4 to 24; very low quality evidence). This result is clinically important. There was insufficient evidence to confirm or exclude differences in adverse effects of bisphosphonates (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.76; 2 studies, 437 participants; low‐quality evidence) and treatment discontinuation (2 studies, 437 participants) (RR 2.04, 95% CI 0.43 to 9.59; 2 studies, 437 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Intensive versus symptomatic treatment There was no consistent evidence of difference to response in bone pain, bodily pain or quality of life in participants who received intensive versus symptomatic treatment. Inconclusive results were observed regarding fractures and orthopaedic procedures for intensive versus symptomatic treatment (intensive treatment for fracture: RR 1.84, 95% CI 0.76 to 4.44; absolute risk 8.1% versus 5.2%; orthopaedic procedures: RR 1.58, 95% CI 0.80 to 3.11; absolute risk 5.6% versus 3.0%; 1 study, 502 participants; low‐quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to confirm or exclude an important difference in adverse effects between intensive and symptomatic treatment (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.41; low‐quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to confirm or exclude an important difference of risk of rare adverse events (including osteonecrosis of the jaw) from the regulatory agencies databases. Authors' conclusions We found moderate‐quality evidence that bisphosphonates improved pain in people with Paget's disease of bone when compared with placebo. We are uncertain about the results of head‐to‐head studies investigating bisphosphonates. We found insufficient evidence of benefit in terms of pain or quality of life from intensive treatment. Information about adverse effects was limited, but serious side effects were rare, and rate of withdrawals due to side effects was low. Plain language summary Bisphosphonates for Paget's disease of bone in adults Review question We wanted to find out if using bisphosphonate treatment was better or worse than dummy treatment (placebo) to relieve bone pain in people with Paget's disease of bone and determine if treatment could prevent complications. We also wanted to discover which bisphosphonates were better. What is Paget's disease of bone and what are bisphosphonates? Paget's disease of bone is a chronic problem which usually affects one or a few bones. Paget's disease causes bone renewal and repair to become abnormal; bones become weak enlarged and misshapen, leading to pain, fractures and arthritis in joints close to affected bones. Bisphosphonates are medications that slow down the bone remodelling process. Search date March 2017. Study characteristics We included 20 studies that involved 3168 people. Of these, 10 studies (801 people) compared bisphosphonates with placebo. Studies included elderly people; slightly more participants were men; and nearly all had raised blood serum markers of bone turnover. Fourteen studies recruited participants from hospitals, outpatient and general practitioner clinics. Studies were performed in USA, Canada, UK, Europe; Australia, New Zealand and Argentina. What are the effects of bisphosphonates in people with Paget's disease of bone? Bisphosphonates probably help to relieve bone pain. We are uncertain which bisphosphonate is better. Results were similar across studies. We are uncertain if bisphosphonates can prevent bone fractures. Effects on quality of life, need for orthopaedic surgery and hearing loss prevention were not reported in studies that compared bisphosphonates with placebo. What are the side effects of bisphosphonates in people with Paget's disease of bone? Most studies did not report details about drug‐related side effects and complications. Bisphosphonates may make little or no difference in side effects except for temporary fever or tiredness with intravenous treatments and mild gastrointestinal side effects with oral medications. Severe side effects causing treatment discontinuation were rare. What happens to people with Paget's disease of bone treated with bisphosphonates? Pain We found that of 100 adults with Paget's disease of bone, 31 would experience complete pain relief if they took bisphosphonates for six months compared with 9 people not taking bisphosphonates. Side effects We found that of 100 adults with Paget's disease of bone, 64 would experience side effects if they took bisphosphonates for six months compared with 48 not taking bisphosphonates. The number of people who stopped treatment due to side effects was the same for the bisphosphonate and placebo groups (4 out of 100). Quality of evidence Pain relief data provided moderate‐quality evidence, but data on fractures was assessed as providing very low‐quality evidence. Data on side effects provided low‐quality evidence; treatment discontinuation data provided moderate‐quality evidence. Evidence was downgraded mainly due to limited data and concerns about study design. Study funding sources Eleven studies were funded by drug manufacturers. Four studies were funded by government agencies or charities. Data on funding sources were not provided or unclear in five studies.
Equivalent schedules of intradermal fractional dose versus intramuscular full dose of inactivated polio vaccine for prevention of poliomyelitis; Abstract - Background Poliomyelitis is a debilitating and deadly infection. Despite exponential growth in medical science, there is still no cure for the disease, which is caused by three types of wild polioviruses: types 1, 2, and 3. According to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (GPEI), wild poliovirus is still in circulation in three countries, and fresh cases have been reported even in the year 2018. Due to the administration of live vaccines, the risk for vaccine‐derived poliovirus (VDPV) is high in areas that are free from wild polioviruses. This is evident based on the fact that VDPV caused 20 outbreaks between 2000 and 2011. Recent recommendations from the World Health Organization favoured the inclusion of inactivated poliovirus vaccine (IPV) in the global immunisation schedule. IPV can be delivered in two ways: intramuscularly and intradermally. IPV was previously administered intramuscularly, but shortages in vaccine supplies, coupled with the higher costs of the vaccines, led to the innovation of delivering a fractional dose (one‐fifth) of IPV intradermally. However, there is uncertainty regarding the efficacy, immunogenicity, and safety of an intradermal, fractional dose of IPV compared to an intramuscular, full dose of IPV. Objectives To compare the immunogenicity and efficacy of an inactivated poliovirus vaccine (IPV) in equivalent immunisation schedules using fractional‐dose IPV given via the intradermal route versus full‐dose IPV given via the intramuscular route. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 10 other databases, and two trial registers up to February 2019. We also searched the GPEI website and scanned the bibliographies of key studies and reviews in order to identify any additional published and unpublished trials in this area not captured by our electronic searches. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs of healthy individuals of any age who are eligible for immunisation with IPV, comparing intradermal fractional‐dose (one‐fifth) IPV to intramuscular full‐dose IPV. Data collection and analysis   We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included 13 RCTs involving a total of 7292 participants, both children (n = 6402) and adults (n = 890). Nine studies were conducted in middle‐income countries, three studies in high‐income countries, and only one study in a low‐income country. Five studies did not report methods of randomisation, and one study failed to conceal the allocations. Eleven studies did not blind participants, and six studies did not blind outcome assessments. Two studies had high attrition rates, and one study selectively reported the results. Three studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies. Paralytic poliomyelitis.  No study reported data on this outcome. Seroconversion rates.  These were significantly higher for all three types of wild poliovirus for children given intramuscular full‐dose IPV after a single primary dose and two primary doses, but only significantly higher for type two wild poliovirus given intramuscularly after three primary doses:  • dose one (six studies): poliovirus type 1 (odds ratio (OR) 0.30, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 0.41; 2570 children); poliovirus type 2 (OR 0.43, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.60; 2567 children); poliovirus type 3 (OR 0.19, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.30; 2571 children);  • dose two (three studies): poliovirus type 1 (OR 0.23, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.33; 981 children); poliovirus type 2 (OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.60; 853 children); and poliovirus type 3 (OR 0.12, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.22; 855 children); and  • dose three (three studies): poliovirus type 1 (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.07 to 3.15; 973 children); poliovirus type 2 (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.63; 973 children); and poliovirus type 3 (OR 0.18, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.58; 973 children). Using the GRADE approach, we rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low for seroconversion rate (after a single, two, or three primary doses) for all three poliovirus types due to significant risk of bias, heterogeneity, and indirectness in applicability/generalisability. Geometric mean titres.  No study reported mean antibody titres. Median antibody titres were higher for intramuscular full‐dose IPV (7 studies with 4887 children); although these studies also reported a rise in antibody titres in the intradermal group, none reported the duration for which the titres remained high. Any vaccine‐related adverse event.  Five studies (2217 children) reported more adverse events, such as fever and redness, in the intradermal group, whilst two studies (1904 children) reported more adverse events in the intramuscular group. Authors' conclusions There is low‐ and very low‐certainty evidence that intramuscular full‐dose IPV may result in a slight increase in seroconversion rates for all three types of wild poliovirus, compared with intradermal fractional‐dose IPV. We are uncertain whether intradermal fractional‐dose (one‐fifth) IPV has better protective effects and causes fewer adverse events in children than intramuscular full‐dose IPV. Plain language summary Effectiveness of equivalent schedules of full‐dose inactivated poliovirus vaccine injected into muscle compared to a smaller dose injected into skin Background Polio is a disabling disease that is only preventable via vaccination. There are two types of polio vaccines: live poliovirus vaccine delivered orally (by mouth – so‐called OPV) and inactivated (killed) poliovirus vaccine (IPV). OPV is the mainstay of polio eradication but carries a risk of causing vaccine‐associated polio. This is not the case for IPV, which also has fewer side effects and can be given to people with low immunity, making it vital for the complete elimination of poliovirus. Killed vaccines can be given via injection either into the muscles (intramuscular) or into the skin (intradermal). Review question How effective is a small dose of IPV injected into the skin compared to a full dose of IPV injected into muscle in similar schedules? Study characteristics The database searches, up‐to‐date to February 2019, found 13 randomised controlled trials (a type of experiment in which participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups). Three studies comprised 890 adult participants; a further 10 studies comprised 6402 infants and children. Nine studies were conducted in middle‐income countries; three studies in high‐income countries; and one study in a low‐income country. The studies had a duration of 2 to 19 months. Three studies were supported financially by drug companies, and three studies received the vaccines from the pharmaceutical company. There is overall limited confidence in the quality of the included studies since, for example, in most trials the recipient or assessor (or both) were aware of the vaccine being given. Key results The review included 13 studies with a total of 7292 participants (6402 children and 890 adults). Where possible, we combined the results of similar studies in a meta‐analysis (a statistical method of combining the results of multiple single studies to calculate an overall effect). There are three types of wild poliovirus: types 1, 2, and 3. We found that the number of antibody responses to the vaccine (measured using something called seroconversion rates) in children was higher in the group that received the vaccine by intramuscular injection compared to the group that had a similar number of injections given intradermally, after one single dose (6 studies, 2571 children) and two doses (3 studies, 981 children) for all three types of poliovirus, and after three doses for type 2 poliovirus (3 studies, 973 children). The vaccines produce antibodies against all three types of poliovirus. The quantity of antibodies produced by the vaccines (measured as geometric median titres) was higher in children receiving a full dose of IPV via intramuscular route for all three types of poliovirus (7 studies, 4887 children). Five studies (2217 children) reported more adverse events, such as fever and redness, in the intradermal group, whilst two studies (1904 children) reported more adverse events in the intramuscular group. None of the included studies reported data on the occurrence of paralytic poliomyelitis. Certainty of the evidence Based on the evidence, intramuscular full‐dose IPV may result in a slight increase in seroconversion rates for all three types of wild poliovirus when compared with intradermal fractional‐dose IPV. We are uncertain if a fractional dose of IPV given intradermally is better than a full dose of IPV given intramuscularly at producing antibodies for all three types of poliovirus or reducing adverse effects.
Antibiotic regimens for postpartum endometritis; Abstract - Background Postpartum endometritis occurs when vaginal organisms invade the endometrial cavity during the labor process and cause infection. This is more common following cesarean birth. The condition warrants antibiotic treatment. Objectives Systematically, to review treatment failure and other complications of different antibiotic regimens for postpartum endometritis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 November 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomized trials of different antibiotic regimens after cesarean birth or vaginal birth; no quasi‐randomized trials were included. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Main results The review includes a total of 42 trials, and 40 of these trials contributed data on 4240 participants. Twenty studies, involving 1918 women, compared clindamycin plus an aminoglycoside (gentamicin for all studies except for one that used tobramycin) with another regimen. When assessing the individual subgroups of other antibiotic regimens (i.e. cephalosporins, monobactams, penicillins, and quinolones), there were fewer treatment failures in those treated with clindamycin plus an aminoglycoside as compared to those treated with cephalosporins (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.99; participants = 872; studies = 8;  low quality evidence ) or penicillins (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.90; participants = 689; studies = 7,  low quality evidence ). For the remaining subgroups for the primary analysis, the differences were not significant. There were significantly fewer wound infections in those treated with clindamycin plus aminoglycoside versus cephalosporins (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.93; participants = 500; studies = 4;  low quality evidence ). Similarly, there were more treatment failures in those treated with an gentamicin/penicillin when compared to those treated with gentamIcin/clindamycin (RR 2.57, 95% CI 1.48 to 4.46; participants = 200; studies = 1). There were fewer treatment failures when an agent with a longer half‐life that is administered less frequently was used (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.92; participants = 484; studies = 2) as compared to using cefoxitin. There were more treatment failures (RR 1.94, 95% CI 1.38 to 2.72; participants = 774; studies = 7) and wound infections (RR 1.88, 95% CI 1.17 to 3.02; participants = 740; studies = 6) in those treated with a regimen with poor activity against penicillin‐resistant anaerobic bacteria as compared to those treated with a regimen with good activity against penicillin‐resistant anaerobic bacteria. Once‐daily dosing was associated with a shorter length of hospital stay (MD ‐0.73, 95% CI ‐1.27 to ‐0.20; participants = 322; studies = 3). There were no differences between groups with respect to severe complications and no trials reported any maternal deaths. Regarding the secondary outcomes, three studies that compared continued oral antibiotic therapy after intravenous therapy with no oral therapy, found no differences in recurrent endometritis or other outcomes. There were no differences between groups for the outcomes of allergic reactions. The overall risk of bias was unclear in the most of the studies. The quality of the evidence using GRADE comparing clindamycin and an aminoglycoside with another regimen (compared with cephalosporins or penicillins) was low to very low for therapeutic failure, severe complications, wound infection and allergic reaction. Authors' conclusions The combination of clindamycin and gentamicin is appropriate for the treatment of endometritis. Regimens with good activity against penicillin‐resistant anaerobic bacteria are better than those with poor activity against penicillin‐resistant anaerobic bacteria. There is no evidence that any one regimen is associated with fewer side‐effects. Following clinical improvement of uncomplicated endometritis which has been treated with intravenous therapy, the use of additional oral therapy has not been proven to be beneficial. Plain language summary Antibiotic regimens for postpartum endometritis Intravenous clindamycin plus gentamicin is more effective than other antibiotics or combinations of antibiotics for treatment of womb infection after childbirth. Inflammation of the lining of the womb (endometritis) can be caused by vaginal bacteria entering the womb (uterus) during childbirth and causing infection within six weeks of the birth (postpartum endometritis). Postpartum endometritis occurs after about 1% to 3% of vaginal births, and up to 27% of cesarean births. Prolonged rupture of the membranes (breaking the bag of water that surrounds the baby) and multiple vaginal examinations during birth also appear to increase the risk. Endometritis causes fever, tenderness in the pelvic region and unpleasant‐smelling vaginal discharge after the birth. It can have serious complications such as the formation of pelvic abscesses, blood clots, infection of the thin layer of tissue that covers the inside of the abdomen and abdominal organs (peritonitis), and whole body inflammation (sepsis). It is also an important cause of maternal deaths worldwide, although with the use of antibiotics, this is very rare in high‐income countries. There are many antibiotic treatments currently in use. This review compared different antibiotics, routes of administration and dosages for endometritis. The review identified 42 relevant randomised controlled studies, which are the most reliable type of medical trial for this type of investigation; 40 of these (involving 4240 women) contributed data for analysis. The results showed that the combination of intravenous gentamicin and clindamycin, and drugs with a broad range of activity against the relevant penicillin‐resistant bacterial strains, are the most effective for treating endometritis after childbirth. Women treated with clindamycin plus an aminoglycoside (gentamicin) showed fewer treatment failures than those treated with penicillin, but this difference was not evident when women treated with clindamycin plus an aminoglycoside were compared to women who received other antibiotic treatments. There were more treatment failures in women treated with an penicillin plus gentamicin (one study) compared with those treated with clindamycin plus gentamicin. Seven trials showed that an antibiotic treatment that had poor activity against bacteria resistant to penicillin had a higher failure rate and more wound infections than an antibiotic treatment that had good activity against these bacteria. There was no evidence that any of the antibiotic combinations had fewer adverse effects ‐ including allergic reaction ‐ than other antibiotic combinations. If the endometritis was uncomplicated and improved with intravenous antibiotics, there did not appear to be a need to follow the intravenous antibiotics with a course of oral antibiotics. Overall the reliability of the studies' results was unclear, the numbers of women studied were often small and data on other outcomes were limited; furthermore, a number of the studies had been funded by drug companies that conceivably would have had a vested interest in the results.
Exercise prior to influenza vaccination for limiting influenza incidence and its related complications in adults; Abstract - Background Influenza is an infectious virus affecting both humans and animals. In humans, symptoms present as fever, cough, sore throat, runny nose, headache, muscle and joint pain, and malaise. The epidemiological profile of influenza is influenced by multiple factors, including transmissibility of the virus and the susceptibility of the population. Annually, influenza is estimated to infect 5% to 10% of adults, with higher rates in winter seasons in countries with seasonal variation. Exercise could be an intervention to enhance immune response and limit influenza incidence and its related complications. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of short and long‐term exercise prior to influenza vaccination in enhancing influenza prevention in adults. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 11), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to 3 November 2015), Embase (1974 to 3 November 2015), CINAHL (1981 to 3 November 2015), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences, 1982 to 3 November 2015), PEDro (1980 to 3 November 2015), SPORTDiscus (1985 to 3 November 2015), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov (November 2015). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of short‐ and long‐term exercise prior to influenza vaccination for the general adult population were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted and checked data from the included trials using a standard form. We used the random‐effects model due to differences in the type, duration, intensity and frequency of exercise in the analysis. Main results We included six trials published between 2007 and 2014 that randomised 599 adult participants. Study size ranged from 46 to 158 participants. Participants were aged between 18 years and 80 years; we could not derive gender proportions, as participants' sex was not reported in all studies. One study was available in abstract form only. We did not find a significant difference in outcomes between people who exercised and those who did not exercise before receiving influenza vaccination. Pre‐vaccination exercises included endurance activities such as walking or using a treadmill, and resistance activities included biceps curls and lateral raises. Five of the studies provided one session of exercise between 25 and 50 minutes. In five studies, exercise was undertaken on the same day as the vaccination. One study provided exercise over a period of eight weeks before vaccination, with one 2½ hour supervised session, plus daily home exercise practice of 45 minutes. Exercise intensity ranged from 55% to 85% of maximal heart rate. Control group participants undertook a range of activities, including quiet rest, sitting, reading, meditation or unspecified activity. One study reported numbers of people who contracted influenza; no significant difference was reported between exercise and no‐exercise participants. None of the included studies reported complications related to influenza illness. Only one study, which we assessed as providing low‐quality evidence, reported numbers of people who experienced adverse events. This study reported no significant difference in outcomes between people who exercised and those who did not. No studies reported numbers of working days or days lost related to influenza illness. Only two studies reported participant‐centred outcomes. Overall, study quality was unclear; we assessed five of the six included studies to have at least four unclear 'Risk of bias' domains (allocation concealment, blinding of outcome assessment, selective reporting and other bias). Insufficient reporting in four studies about selective reporting did not provide enough information to enable judgement; only two studies were included in trials registers. Authors' conclusions From the available evidence, we found that exercising before influenza vaccination is neither beneficial nor harmful. However, study data were limited and of low quality. Small sample sizes, study design limitations, exercise types, and focus on biochemical rather than participant‐centred outcomes strongly influenced our findings. Plain language summary Can exercising before vaccination reduce numbers of adults who get flu or develop complications? Review question   We looked at whether exercise before influenza (flu) vaccination can decrease numbers of adults who develop flu and reduce complications. Background Exercise can change immune response. Flu is an infectious virus estimated to affect three to five million people worldwide each year. Seasonal flu vaccination, which acts on the immune system to protect people from infection, is common in many countries. Search date We searched the literature up to November 2015. Study characteristics   We looked at six studies that involved 599 people aged between 18 and 80 years that assessed exercise before flu vaccination. Exercises included walking or using a treadmill (endurance) and biceps curls and lateral raises (resistance) activities that ranged from 25 to 50 minutes per session. People in five studies did one session of exercise on the day of vaccination; in one study people exercised eight weeks before vaccination. Exercise was supervised in three studies. People not undertaking exercise (control group) were assessed after periods of quiet rest. Study funding sources Three studies did not report study funding sources; one received support from a drug company that donated flu vaccine, one from a professional society, and another from government agencies. Key results   We found no differences in numbers of people who caught flu or developed complications between people who exercised and those who did not before flu vaccination. Only one study reported how many people developed flu after exercise and vaccination. No studies reported complications related to flu; only one reported adverse events. None reported numbers of working or other days lost due to flu. No beneficial differences were reported between exercise and no‐exercise groups before vaccination. Small numbers of people who were involved in the studies, limitations in study design, and different exercise types meant we were unable to draw robust conclusions about any benefits of exercise before vaccination. There appears to be no benefit or harm from exercising before receiving flu vaccination. Quality of evidence   Evidence quality was very low or low. More robust study designs that include enough people to enable assessment and analysis of findings may help to determine if exercise before vaccination can reduce numbers of people who develop flu or complications. Author's conclusions We found that exercising before influenza vaccination is neither beneficial nor harmful. Small number of people in each included study, many types of exercises, and focus on blood examination instead of participant‐centred outcomes strongly influenced our findings.
Genetic testing for prevention of severe drug‐induced skin rash; Abstract - Background Drug‐induced skin reactions present with a range of clinical symptoms, from mild maculopapular skin rashes to potentially fatal blistering skin rashes — such as Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS) or toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) — which may result in death. Milder reactions may be troublesome and lead to low drug compliance. The pathogenesis of these drug reactions is not yet fully understood; however, there is evidence that pretreatment genetic testing may help to predict and prevent these reactions in some cases. Objectives To assess the effects of prospective pharmacogenetic screening to reduce drug‐associated skin reactions in a patient population. Search methods We searched the following databases up to July 2018: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers, and checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant reviews for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Selection criteria We included RCTs of participants who had prospective pharmacogenetic screening to determine genetic variants associated with hypersensitivity reactions, compared with those who did not have prospective pharmacogenetic screening. We included participants in any setting, who were of any age, gender, and ethnicity, who had been prescribed drugs known to cause delayed type hypersensitivity reactions. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. To assess studies for inclusion, two review authors independently screened all of the titles and abstracts of publications identified by the searches. Because there was only one included study, many of the planned data analyses were not applicable to the review. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the included study. The review's primary outcomes were the incidence of severe skin rashes with systemic symptoms (such as fever and multiple organ involvement), and long‐term effects (such as scarring of eyelids or lung tissue). Secondary outcomes were hospitalisation for drug‐induced skin reactions, blistering skin reactions (such as SJS, hypersensitivity (HSS) syndrome), and death. Main results One study, which was a randomised, double‐blind, controlled, multicentre trial, fulfilled our inclusion criteria. The trial included 1956 adult participants (74% men, with a mean age of 42 years) across 265 centres (medical centres, hospitals, outpatient clinics) in 19 countries around the world who were infected with HIV‐type 1 and who had not received abacavir previously. The participants, who had a clinical need for treatment with an antiretroviral‐drug regimen containing abacavir, were randomly assigned to undergo prospective human leukocyte antigen (HLA) Class I, locus B, allele 57:01 (HLA‐B*57:01) screening (prospective‐screening group) before this treatment, or to undergo a standard‐care approach of abacavir use without prospective HLA‐B*57:01 screening (control group). Participants who tested positive for HLA‐B*57:01 were not given abacavir; instead, they received antiretroviral therapy that did not include abacavir. The control group did have retrospective HLA‐B*57:01 pharmacogenetic testing. The trial duration was six months. Each participant was observed for six weeks. Assessments were performed at the time of study entry, at baseline (day one of abacavir treatment), and at weeks one, two and six. This study was funded by the manufacturer of abacavir, GlaxoSmithKline. The study did not assess any of our primary outcomes, and it measured none of our secondary outcomes in isolation. However, it did assess an outcome of (characteristically severe) hypersensitivity reaction which included (but was not limited to) our secondary outcomes of HSS and SJS/TEN. The study demonstrated that prospective HLA‐B*57:01 screening probably reduces the incidence of hypersensitivity reaction to abacavir. The incidence of clinically diagnosed HSS reaction to abacavir was lower in the screening arm (risk ratio (RR) 0.43, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.28 to 0.67; 1650 participants; moderate‐quality evidence), as was immunologically confirmed HSS reaction (RR 0.02, 95% 0.00 to 0.37; 1644 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). A positive result from an epicutaneous patch test performed six to ten weeks after clinical diagnosis provided immunological confirmation. Overall, the study demonstrates a low risk of bias across five out of seven domains. There was a high risk of detection bias because hypersensitivity reactions were diagnosed by the principal investigator at the recruitment site without the use of predefined clinical criteria. Although there was also high risk of attrition bias due to excluding participants with incomplete follow‐up from analyses, the authors did undertake a series of sensitivity analyses based on the intention‐to‐treat population, which demonstrated consistent results with the primary analysis. We rated the study quality as moderate‐quality using GRADE criteria. Authors' conclusions Prospective screening for HLA‐B*57:01 probably reduces severe hypersensitivity skin reactions to abacavir in patients positive for HIV‐type 1. However, these results are only based on one study, which was at high risk of attrition and detection bias. Our primary outcomes (incidence of severe skin rashes with systemic symptoms, and long‐term effects) were not assessed by the trial, and only one of the review’s secondary outcomes was measured (hypersensitivity reaction); thus, we found no evidence relating to hospitalisation, death, or long‐term conditions resulting from drug injury. We found no eligible evidence on genetic testing for severe drug‐induced skin rash in relation to different drugs and classes of drugs. Further clinical trials based on other drugs, and in different patient populations, would be useful for advising policy changes for improving the prevention of adverse skin reactions to drug treatments. Plain language summary Genetic testing for predicting and preventing severe skin rashes caused by drugs Review question The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if genetic testing for certain genotypes (i.e. the presence or absence of a particular gene variation) before prescribing drugs can prevent serious skin reactions in people prescribed drugs that are known to cause delayed type hypersensitivity reactions (i.e. allergic skin rash up to six weeks after taking the prescribed medicine). People who had this type of test were compared with those who did not. We searched for all relevant studies so we could analyse them to answer this question, but we found only one study. Background Different types of medications can cause unwanted effects, which include skin rashes. These reactions are often a mild skin rash; however, rarely (but possibly) the drug may cause skin detachment, fever, and internal organ involvement, which can be life‐threatening. Severe cases may require hospitalisation and treatment in specialised burns units. It is not fully understood how these reactions occur and which people are at increased risk of developing these reactions, but it is known that genetic factors may play a role. Research has been conducted into the use of simple genetic tests to predict these reactions and thus prevent them. Study characteristics We found only one relevant study. It included 1956 adult participants, of whom 74% were men, who tested positive for HIV‐type 1 and were eligible to start highly active antiretroviral therapy including a medication called abacavir. (Antiretrovirals are a drug class used for treating patients with HIV infection.) The age of study participants ranged from 18 to 77 years; the average age was 42 years. The participants were from 19 countries around the world in 265 healthcare centres (e.g. hospitals, clinics). This study investigated whether the following can reduce the rate of serious skin reactions to abacavir: genetic testing for the genetic marker HLA‐B*57:01 before prescribing abacavir (i.e. prospective testing) versus no prospective genetic testing for HLA‐B*57:01. HLA‐B*57:01 is known to be key in developing severe skin reactions to the HIV antiretroviral drug, abacavir. Participants who tested positive for the genotype were not given abacavir; instead, they were given a different antiretroviral therapy. The study lasted six months and each participant was observed for six weeks. GlaxoSmithKline, the company that manufactures abacavir, funded the study. Control participants had HLA‐B*5701 pharmacogenetic testing after they had received abacavir as standard of care. Key results Our one included study did not report data for all participants, and clinical assessment of hypersensitivity (HSS) was done at the time of study entry, at baseline (day one) and at weeks one, two and six, without using predefined criteria. These can be important sources of bias and the quality of evidence was therefore judged to be moderate. Available data showed that prospective HLA‐B*57:01 screening probably reduces the incidence of hypersensitivity reaction to abacavir (including, but not limited to, our secondary outcomes of hypersensitivity (HSS) syndrome and Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS) or toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) (i.e. severe and blistering skin reactions caused by medications)). Based on these results, we would expect that out of 1000 people who did not have prospective pharmacogenetic screening (i.e. screening to assess how someone might respond to a particular drug), 78 would experience a hypersensitivity reaction including SJS/TEN (clinical assessment), compared with between 22 and 52 people who did have prospective pharmacogenetic screening to test for HLA‐B*57:01. Furthermore, we would expect that out of 1000 people who did not have prospective pharmacogenetic screening (standard care), 27 would experience a hypersensitivity reaction including SJS/TEN (immunologically confirmed), compared with zero participants who had prospective pharmacogenetic screening to test for HLA‐B*57:01. A patch test on the skin provided immunological confirmation 6 to 10 weeks after clinical diagnosis. The study did not measure the other outcomes of this review. The evidence is current to July 2018. Quality of the evidence The included study was rated as being of moderate quality. Some patients were withdrawn from the study and not included in the analyses, and the investigator that diagnosed HSS reactions did not use a predefined clinical criteria of hypersensitivity. These issues caused us to downgrade the certainty of the evidence.
Efavirenz or nevirapine in three‐drug combination therapy with two nucleoside or nucleotide‐reverse transcriptase inhibitors for initial treatment of HIV infection in antiretroviral‐naïve individuals; Abstract - Background The advent of highly active antiretroviral therapy (ART) has reduced the morbidity and mortality due to HIV infection. The World Health Organization (WHO) ART guidelines focus on three classes of antiretroviral drugs, namely nucleoside or nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI), non‐nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTI) and protease inhibitors. Two of the most common medications given as first‐line treatment are the NNRTIs, efavirenz (EFV) and nevirapine (NVP). It is unclear which NNRTI is more efficacious for initial therapy. This systematic review was first published in 2010. Objectives To determine which non‐nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor, either EFV or NVP, is more effective in suppressing viral load when given in combination with two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors as part of initial antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection in adults and children. Search methods We attempted to identify all relevant studies, regardless of language or publication status, in electronic databases and conference proceedings up to 12 August 2016. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov to 12 August 2016. We searched LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences Literature) and the Web of Science from 1996 to 12 August 2016. We checked the National Library of Medicine (NLM) Gateway from 1996 to 2009, as it was no longer available after 2009. Selection criteria We included all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared EFV to NVP in people with HIV without prior exposure to ART, irrespective of the dosage or NRTI's given in combination. The primary outcome of interest was virological success. Other primary outcomes included mortality, clinical progression to AIDS, severe adverse events, and discontinuation of therapy for any reason. Secondary outcomes were change in CD4 count, treatment failure, development of ART drug resistance, and prevention of sexual transmission of HIV. Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed each reference for inclusion using exclusion criteria that we had established a priori. Two review authors independently extracted data from each included trial using a standardized data extraction form. We analysed data on an intention‐to‐treat basis. We performed subgroup analyses for concurrent treatment for tuberculosis and dosage of NVP. We followed standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Main results Twelve RCTs, which included 3278 participants, met our inclusion criteria. None of these trials included children. The length of follow‐up time, study settings, and NRTI combination drugs varied greatly. In five included trials, participants were receiving concurrent treatment for tuberculosis. There was little or no difference between EFV and NVP in virological success (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.09; 10 trials, 2438 participants;  high quality evidence ), probably little or no difference in mortality (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.19; 8 trials, 2317 participants;  moderate quality evidence ) and progression to AIDS (RR 1.23, 95% CI 0.72 to 2.11; 5 trials, 2005 participants;  moderate quality evidence ). We are uncertain whether there is a difference in all severe adverse events (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.18; 8 trials, 2329 participants;  very low quality evidence ). There is probably little or no difference in discontinuation rate (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.25; 9 trials, 2384 participants;  moderate quality evidence ) and change in CD4 count (MD −3.03; 95% CI −17.41 to 11.35; 9 trials, 1829 participants;  moderate quality evidence ). There may be little or no difference in treatment failure (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.24; 5 trials, 737 participants;  low quality evidence ). Development of drug resistance is probably slightly less in the EFV arms (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.60 to 0.95; 4 trials, 988 participants;  moderate quality evidence ). No studies were found that looked at sexual transmission of HIV. When we examined the adverse events individually, EFV probably is associated with more people with impaired mental function (7 per 1000) compared to NVP (2 per 1000; RR 4.46, 95% CI 1.65 to 12.03; 6 trials, 2049 participants;  moderate quality evidence ) but fewer people with elevated transaminases (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.35 to 0.78; 3 trials, 1299 participants;  high quality evidence ), fewer people with neutropenia (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.82; 3 trials, 1799 participants;  high quality evidence ), and probably fewer people withrash (229 per 100 with NVP versus 133 per 1000 with EFV; RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.34 to 1.00; 7 trials, 2277 participants;  moderate quality evidence ). We found that there may be little or no difference in gastrointestinal adverse events (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.21; 6 trials, 2049 participants;  low quality evidence ), pyrexia (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.15 to 2.73; 3 trials, 1799 participants;  low quality evidence ), raised alkaline phosphatase (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.17 to 2.50; 1 trial, 1007 participants;  low quality evidence ), raised amylase (RR 1.40, 95% CI 0.72 to 2.73; 2 trials, 1071 participants;  low quality evidence ) and raised triglycerides (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.39 to 3.13; 2 trials, 1071 participants;  low quality evidence ). There was probably little or no difference in serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (SGOT; MD 3.3, 95% CI ‐2.06 to 8.66; 1 trial, 135 participants;  moderate quality evidence ), serum glutamic‐ pyruvic transaminase (SGPT; MD 5.7, 95% CI ‐4.23 to 15.63; 1 trial, 135 participants;  moderate quality evidence ) and raised cholesterol (RR 6.03, 95% CI 0.75 to 48.78; 1 trial, 64 participants;  moderate quality evidence ). Our subgroup analyses revealed that NVP slightly increases mortality when given once daily (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.13 to 0.90; 3 trials, 678 participants;  high quality evidence ). There were little or no differences in the primary outcomes for patients who were concurrently receiving treatment for tuberculosis. Authors' conclusions Both drugs have similar benefits in initial treatment of HIV infection when combined with two NRTIs. The adverse events encountered affect different systems, with EFV more likely to cause central nervous system adverse events and NVP more likely to raise transaminases, cause neutropenia and rash. 11 April 2019 Up to date All studies incorporated from most recent search All eligible published studies found in the last search (12 Aug, 2016) were included Plain language summary Effectiveness of EFV compared to NVP in the suppression of HIV infection when used as part of initial three‐drug combination Research question For people living with HIV who have never received antiretroviral therapy (ART), which drug is more effective in suppressing HIV infection in combination with two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI): efavirenz (EFV) or nevirapine (NVP)? Background The introduction of highly active ART as treatment for HIV infection has greatly reduced mortality and morbidity for adults and adolescents living with HIV around the world. The recommended initial treatments for HIV infection include two drugs from a class of drugs known as NRTI and one from a related class of drugs called non‐nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTI). The two NNRTIs most commonly used are NVP and EFV. However, NVP can cause liver damage and severe rash, both of which can be fatal. EFV may also cause a rash, impair mental function, and cause foetal malformations. Main results Cochrane researchers examined the available literature up to 12 August 2016 and identified 12 randomized controlled trials, with a total of 3278 people, that met the inclusion criteria of this review. None of the included trials included children. Four trials included people who were also receiving treatment for tuberculosis. There was little or no difference in suppression of HIV infection ( high quality evidence ), probably little or no difference in mortality, progression to AIDS, stopping treatment early and changes in blood cells affected by HIV ( moderate quality evidence ). There may be little or no difference in treatment failure ( low quality evidence ). We are uncertain whether there is a difference in side‐effects ( very low quality evidence ). No studies were found that looked at sexual transmission of HIV. Development of drug resistance is probably slightly less in the EFV group ( moderate quality evidence ). When the side effects were examined individually, EFV probably caused more impaired mental function (6% in the EFV group and 2% in the NVP group;  moderate quality evidence ), while NVP probably caused more people to have a rash (3% in the EFV group and 6% in the NVP group;  moderate quality evidence ), caused more people to have reduced white blood cells (2% in the EFV group and 5% in the NVP group;  high quality evidence ), and signs of liver damage (6% in the EFV group and 11% in the NVP group; h igh quality evidence ). There was probably little or no difference in increases in liver enzymes and levels of cholesterol ( moderate quality evidence ). There may be little or no difference in digestive side‐effects, fever, enzymes from the liver and pancreas, and fat in the blood ( low quality evidence ). People on NVP were probably more likely to die when given a once‐daily regimen (2% in the EFV group and 4% in the NVP group;  moderate quality evidence ). In people who were taking treatment for tuberculosis compared to those who were not, there was probably little or no difference in suppression of HIV, deaths, progression to AIDS or stopping treatment early ( moderate to high quality evidence ). Conclusion EFV and NVP are similarly effective in viral suppression, preventing HIV progression and reducing mortality. EFV is more likely to affect mental function, while NVP is more likely to cause signs of liver damage, reduced white blood cells and rash.
Antibiotics for induction and maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Several antibiotics have been evaluated in Crohn's disease (CD), however randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have produced conflicting results. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of antibiotics for induction and maintenance of remission in CD. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, the Cochrane IBD Group Specialized Register and Clinicaltrials.gov database from inception to 28 February 2018. We also searched reference lists and conference proceedings. Selection criteria RCTs comparing antibiotics to placebo or an active comparator in adult (> 15 years) CD patients were considered for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two authors screened search results and extracted data. Bias was evaluated using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The primary outcomes were failure to achieve clinical remission and relapse. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, endoscopic response, endoscopic remission, endoscopic relapse, histologic response, histologic remission, adverse events (AEs), serious AEs, withdrawal due to AEs and quality of life. Remission is commonly defined as a Crohn's disease activity index (CDAI) of  <  150. Clinical response is commonly defined as a decrease in CDAI from baseline of 70 or 100 points. Relapse is defined as a CDAI > 150. For studies that enrolled participants with fistulizing CD, response was defined as a 50% reduction in draining fistulas. Remission was defined as complete closure of fistulas. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and corresponding 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for dichotomous outcomes. We calculated the mean difference (MD) and corresponding 95% CI for continuous outcomes. GRADE was used to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results Thirteen RCTs (N = 1303 participants) were eligible. Two trials were rated as high risk of bias (no blinding). Seven trials were rated as unclear risk of bias and four trials were rated as low risk of bias. Comparisons included ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) versus placebo, rifaximin (800 to 2400 mg daily) versus placebo, metronidazole (400 mg to 500 mg twice daily) versus placebo, clarithromycin (1 g/day) versus placebo, cotrimoxazole (960 mg twice daily) versus placebo, ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) and metronidazole (250 mg four time daily) versus methylprednisolone (0.7 to 1 mg/kg daily), ciprofloxacin (500 mg daily), metronidazole (500 mg daily) and budesonide (9 mg daily) versus placebo with budesonide (9 mg daily), ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) versus mesalazine (2 g twice daily), ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) with adalimumab versus placebo with adalimumab, ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) with infliximab versus placebo with infliximab, clarithromycin (750 mg daily) and antimycobacterial versus placebo, and metronidazole (400 mg twice daily) and cotrimoxazole (960 mg twice daily) versus placebo. We pooled all antibiotics as a class versus placebo and antibiotics with anti‐tumour necrosis factor (anti‐TNF) versus placebo with anti‐TNF. The effect of individual antibiotics on CD was generally uncertain due to imprecision. When we pooled antibiotics as a class, 55% (289/524) of antibiotic participants failed to achieve remission at 6 to 10 weeks compared with 64% (149/231) of placebo participants (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.76 to 0.98; 7 studies; high certainty evidence). At 10 to 14 weeks, 41% (174/428) of antibiotic participants failed to achieve a clinical response compared to 49% (93/189) of placebo participants (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.64 to 0.93; 5 studies; moderate certainty evidence). The effect of antibiotics on relapse in uncertain. Forty‐five per cent (37/83) of antibiotic participants relapsed at 52 weeks compared to 57% (41/72) of placebo participants (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.47; 2 studies; low certainty evidence). Relapse of endoscopic remission was not reported in the included studies. Antibiotics do not appear to increase the risk of AEs. Thirty‐eight per cent (214/568) of antibiotic participants had at least one adverse event compared to 45% (128/284) of placebo participants (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.02; 9 studies; high certainty evidence). The effect of antibiotics on serious AEs and withdrawal due to AEs was uncertain. Two per cent (6/377) of antibiotic participants had at least one adverse event compared to 0.7% (1/143) of placebo participants (RR 1.70, 95% CI 0.29 to 10.01; 3 studies; low certainty evidence). Nine per cent (53/569) of antibiotic participants withdrew due to AEs compared to 12% (36/289) of placebo participants (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.29; 9 studies; low certainty evidence) is uncertain. Common adverse events in the studies included gastrointestinal upset, upper respiratory tract infection, abscess formation and headache, change in taste and paraesthesia When we pooled antibiotics used with anti‐TNF, 21% (10/48) of patients on combination therapy failed to achieve a clinical response(50% closure of fistulas) or remission (closure of fistulas) at week 12 compared with 36% (19/52) of placebo and anti‐TNF participants (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.29 to 1.10; 2 studies; low certainty evidence). These studies did not assess the effect of antibiotics and anti‐TNF on clinical or endoscopic relapse. Seventy‐seven per cent (37/48) of antibiotics and anti‐TNF participants had an AE compared to 83% (43/52) of anti‐TNF and placebo participants (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.12; 2 studies, moderate certainty evidence). The effect of antibiotics and anti‐TNF on withdrawal due to AEs is uncertain. Six per cent (3/48) of antibiotics and anti‐TNF participants withdrew due to an AE compared to 8% (4/52) of anti‐TNF and placebo participants (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.19 to 3.45; 2 studies, low certainty evidence). Common adverse events included nausea, vomiting, upper respiratory tract infections, change in taste, fatigue and headache Authors' conclusions Moderate to high quality evidence suggests that any benefit provided by antibiotics in active CD is likely to be modest and may not be clinically meaningful. High quality evidence suggests that there is no increased risk of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. The effect of antibiotics on the risk of serious adverse events is uncertain. The effect of antibiotics on maintenance of remission in CD is uncertain. Thus, no firm conclusions regarding the efficacy and safety of antibiotics for maintenance of remission in CD can be drawn. More research is needed to determine the efficacy and safety of antibiotics as therapy in CD Plain language summary Antibiotics for the treatment of Crohn's disease What is Crohn's disease? Crohn's disease (CD) is an inflammatory disorder that can affect any segment of the gastrointestinal tract from the mouth to the anus. Common symptoms of CD include fever, diarrhea, abdominal pain and weight loss. CD is characterized by periods of relapse when people experience symptoms and periods of remission when the symptoms stop. What are antibiotics? Antibiotics are medications used to treat bacterial infections. Antibiotics are designed to target specific bacterial populations and have different mechanisms of action to stop a bacterial population from growing or eradicate the bacteria. What is the purpose this study? Antibiotics are commonly used for managing patients with CD because the inflammatory process in the bowel was believed to be triggered by a specific bacterial pathogen. Elimination of this bacterial target would allow the inflammatory process to resolve. However, current clinical guidelines do not recommend use of antibiotic agents to induce or maintain clinical remission in patients with CD because there is no definitive evidence to suggest a benefit to using antibiotics in this way. How was this study performed? A systematic review of current literature was performed to determine whether antibiotic therapy is effective to induce or maintain remission in CD. An electronic search of several databases was performed and studies that met our inclusion criteria were selected for further evaluation. Statistical analyses were performed to determine which specific antibiotics had an overall benefit. What were the results? Several antibiotics, including ciprofloxacin, metronidazole, clarithromycin, rifaximin and cotrimoxazole, have been studied in CD. Most of the included studies were small in size. When we pooled antibiotics as a class, these drugs provided a modest benefit over placebo (i.e. a fake drug such as a sugar pill) for induction of remission and improvement of CD symptoms. For example, remission rates were 45% (253/542) in participants who received antibiotics compared to 36% (82/231) in participants who received placebo. We rated the quality of evidence supporting this outcome as high. Few studies assessed the use of antibiotics for maintenance of remission in CD. The impact of antibiotics on preventing relapse in CD is uncertain. Antibiotics do not appear to increase the risk of side effects when compared to placebo. Common side effects reported in the studies included gastrointestinal upset, upper respiratory tract infection, abscess formation, headache, change in taste and paraesthesia (pins and needles in the extremities). Serious side effects were not well reported in the studies and the impact of antibiotics on the risk of serious side effects is uncertain. Conclusions Moderate to high quality evidence suggests that any benefit provided by antibiotics in active CD is likely to be very modest. High quality evidence suggests that there is no increased risk of side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo. The effect of antibiotics on the risk of serious side effects is uncertain. The effect of antibiotics on preventing relapse in CD is uncertain. Thus, no firm conclusions regarding the benefits and harms of antibiotics for maintenance of remission in CD can be drawn. More research is needed to determine the harms and benefits of antibiotic therapy in CD.
Systemic antibiotics for symptomatic apical periodontitis and acute apical abscess in adults; Abstract - Background Dental pain can have a detrimental effect on quality of life. Symptomatic apical periodontitis and acute apical abscess are common causes of dental pain and arise from an inflamed or necrotic dental pulp, or infection of the pulpless root canal system. Clinical guidelines recommend that the first‐line treatment for these conditions should be removal of the source of inflammation or infection by local operative measures, and that systemic antibiotics are currently only recommended for situations where there is evidence of spreading infection (cellulitis, lymph node involvement, diffuse swelling) or systemic involvement (fever, malaise). Despite this, there is evidence that dentists frequently prescribe antibiotics in the absence of these signs. There is concern that this could contribute to the development of antibiotic‐resistant bacteria. This review is the second update of the original version first published in 2014. Objectives To evaluate the effects of systemic antibiotics provided with or without surgical intervention (such as extraction, incision and drainage of a swelling, or endodontic treatment), with or without analgesics, for symptomatic apical periodontitis and acute apical abscess in adults. Search methods We searched Cochrane Oral Health's Trials Register (26 February 2018 (discontinued)), CENTRAL (2022, Issue 10), MEDLINE Ovid (23 November 2022), Embase Ovid (23 November 2022), CINAHL EBSCO (25 November 2022) and two trials registries, and performed a grey literature search. There were no restrictions on language or date of publication. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of systemic antibiotics in adults with a clinical diagnosis of symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess, with or without surgical intervention (considered in this situation to be extraction, incision and drainage, or endodontic treatment) and with or without analgesics. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the results of the searches against inclusion criteria, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We used a fixed‐effect model in the meta‐analysis as there were fewer than four studies. We contacted study authors to request missing information. We used GRADE criteria to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results There was one new completed trial on this topic since the last update in 2018. In total, we included three trials with 134 participants. Systemic antibiotics versus placebo with surgical intervention and analgesics for symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess One trial (72 participants) compared the effects of a single preoperative dose of clindamycin versus a matched placebo when provided with a surgical intervention (endodontic chemo‐mechanical debridement and filling) and analgesics to adults with symptomatic apical periodontitis. We assessed this study at low risk of bias. There were no differences in participant‐reported pain or swelling across trial arms at any time point assessed. The median values for pain (numerical rating scale 0 to 10) were 3.0 in both groups at 24 hours (P = 0.219); 1.0 in the antibiotic group versus 2.0 in the control group at 48 hours (P = 0.242); and 0 in both groups at 72 hours and seven days (P = 0.116 and 0.673, respectively). The risk ratio of swelling when comparing preoperative antibiotic to placebo was 0.50 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.10 to 2.56; P = 0.41). The certainty of evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was low. Two trials (62 participants) compared the effects of a seven‐day course of oral phenoxymethylpenicillin (penicillin VK) versus a matched placebo when provided with a surgical intervention (total or partial endodontic chemo‐mechanical debridement) and analgesics to adults with acute apical abscess or symptomatic necrotic tooth. Participants in both trials also received oral analgesics. We assessed one study at high risk of bias and the other at unclear risk of bias. There were no differences in participant‐reported pain or swelling at any time point assessed. The mean difference for pain (short ordinal numerical scale 0 to 3, where 0 was no pain) was −0.03 (95% CI −0.53 to 0.47) at 24 hours; 0.32 (95% CI −0.22 to 0.86) at 48 hours; and 0.08 (95% CI −0.38 to 0.54) at 72 hours. The standardised mean difference for swelling was 0.27 (95% CI −0.23 to 0.78) at 24 hours; 0.04 (95% CI −0.47 to 0.55) at 48 hours; and 0.02 (95% CI −0.49 to 0.52) at 72 hours. The certainty of evidence for all the outcomes in this comparison was very low. Adverse effects, as reported in two studies, were diarrhoea (one participant in the placebo group), fatigue and reduced energy postoperatively (one participant in the antibiotic group) and dizziness preoperatively (one participant in the antibiotic group). Systemic antibiotics without surgical intervention for adults with symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess We found no studies that compared the effects of systemic antibiotics with a matched placebo delivered without a surgical intervention for symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess in adults. Authors' conclusions The evidence suggests that preoperative clindamycin for adults with symptomatic apical periodontitis results in little to no difference in participant‐reported pain or swelling at any of the time points included in this review when provided with chemo‐mechanical endodontic debridement and filling under local anaesthesia. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of postoperative phenoxymethylpenicillin for adults with localised apical abscess or a symptomatic necrotic tooth when provided with chemo‐mechanical debridement and oral analgesics. We found no studies which compared the effects of systemic antibiotics with a matched placebo delivered without a surgical intervention for symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess in adults. Plain language summary What are the effects of antibiotics on pain and swelling caused by inflammation or infection at the root of the tooth in adults? Key messages – A single dose of antibiotics probably makes little to no difference to pain and swelling when taken before root canal treatment. – The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of antibiotics taken after debridement (a procedure involving partial or total cleaning of the inside of the root canal) on pain or swelling. – No study examined the effect of antibiotics on their own, without dental treatment, when provided for two conditions commonly responsible for causing dental pain. How can apical periodontitis and apical abscess arise? Dental pain is a common problem and can arise when the nerve within a tooth dies due to decay or injury. When this causes inflammation in the bone around the end of the affected tooth, it is known as apical periodontitis. When this causes symptoms, normally pain, this is described as symptomatic apical periodontitis. Without treatment, bacteria can infect the tooth and cause a collection of pus around the end of the root (known as an apical abscess). This can lead to swelling and spreading of the infection. How is toothache caused by apical periodontitis or apical abscess treated? The recommended treatment for these conditions is removal of the dead nerve and associated bacteria. This is usually done by extraction of the tooth or cleaning of the root canal system (called chemo‐mechanical debridement). Sometimes people will have the root canal filled the same day (complete root canal treatment) or they may return at a later date for filling of the root canal system and restoration (filling) of the tooth. Antibiotics are only recommended when there is severe infection that has spread from the root of the tooth. However, some dentists still routinely prescribe antibiotics to people with these conditions who have no signs of spreading infection, or without dental treatment to remove the dead or infected material. Use of antibiotics contributes to the development of antibiotic‐resistant bacteria (where bacteria are no longer killed by the antibiotic). Therefore, it is important that antibiotics are only used when they are likely to result in benefit for the person. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if antibiotics improve the pain and swelling reported by adults with toothache caused by symptomatic apical periodontitis or apical abscess. We were interested in the effects of antibiotics when they were given with or without dental treatment and with or without painkillers. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at antibiotics compared to dummy medication (placebo) in adults with these conditions. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and size. What did we find? We found three studies (one of which was new for this update). In total, we included 134 participants in the analysis. All studies were conducted in university dental schools and evaluated the use of oral (taken by mouth) antibiotics in the reduction of pain reported by adults after having total or partial chemo‐mechanical debridement under local anaesthetic (injection of a numbing medicine into the gum around the affected tooth). In one trial, participants received a single dose of antibiotics before their dental treatment. In two trials, participants received a seven‐day course of antibiotics after their dental treatment. In the study comparing a single dose of oral antibiotics versus placebo before complete root canal treatment, there were no differences in pain or swelling reported by participants in the two groups. The evidence suggests a single dose of antibiotics results in little to no difference in pain and swelling when taken before root canal treatment. The two studies comparing a course of antibiotics versus placebo after partial or total chemo‐mechanical debridement found there were no differences in pain or swelling between the groups. However, the evidence is very uncertain. No study examined the effect of antibiotics on their own without surgical dental treatment. Two studies reported side effects among participants. One person who received the placebo medication had diarrhoea (loose stools). One person who received antibiotics after dental treatment experienced tiredness and reduced energy after their treatment and another who received antibiotics before dental treatment experienced dizziness. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence relating to a single‐dose of antibiotics taken before complete root canal treatment is low because we have very serious concerns that the study may not have included a sufficient number of participants to detect a difference between the groups and we cannot exclude the possibility of a beneficial effect. We are not confident in the evidence about the effect of a course of antibiotics taken after partial or total chemo‐mechanical debridement because the studies were small and, in one of the studies, many participants dropped out before the end. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence was up to date to 25 November 2022.
Radiofrequency (thermal) ablation versus no intervention or other interventions for hepatocellular carcinoma; Abstract - Background Hepatocellular carcinoma is the fifth most common cancer worldwide. Percutaneous interventional therapies, such as radiofrequency (thermal) ablation (RFA), have been developed for early hepatocellular carcinoma. RFA competes with other interventional techniques such as percutaneous ethanol injection, surgical resection, and liver transplantation. The potential benefits and harms of RFA compared with placebo, no intervention, chemotherapy, hepatic resection, liver transplantation, or other interventions are unclear. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of RFA versus placebo, no intervention, or any other therapeutic approach in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ,  MEDLINE, EMBASE, and ISI Web of Science to September 2012. We handsearched meeting abstracts from ASCO, ESMO, AASLD, EASL, APASL, and references of articles. We also contacted researchers in the field (last search September 2012). Selection criteria We considered for inclusion randomised clinical trials investigating the effects of RFA versus placebo, no intervention, or any other therapeutic approach on hepatocellular carcinoma patients regardless of blinding, language, and publication status. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed the selection of trials, assessment of risk of bias, and data extraction. We contacted principal investigators for missing information. We analysed hazard ratios (HR) as relevant effect measures for overall survival, two‐year survival, event‐free survival, and local recurrences with 95% confidence intervals (CI). In addition, we analysed dichotomous survival outcomes using risk ratios (RR). We used trial sequential analysis to control the risk of random errors ('play of chance'). Main results We identified no trials comparing RFA versus placebo, no intervention, or liver transplantation. We identified and included 11 randomised clinical trials with 1819 participants that included four comparisons: RFA versus hepatic resection (three trials, 578 participants); RFA versus percutaneous ethanol injection (six trials, 1088 participants) including one three‐armed trial that also investigated RFA versus acetic acid injection; RFA versus microwave ablation (one trial, 72 participants); and RFA versus laser ablation (one trial, 81 participants). Ten of the eleven included trials reported on the primary outcome of this review, overall survival. Rates of major complications or procedure‐related deaths were reported in 10 trials. The overall risk of bias was considered low in five trials and high in six trials. For a subgroup analysis, we included only low risk of bias trials. Regarding the comparison RFA versus hepatic resection, there was moderate‐quality evidence from two low risk of bias trials that hepatic resection seems more effective than RFA regarding overall survival (HR 0.56; 95% CI 0.40 to 0.78) and two‐year survival (HR 0.38; 95% CI 0.17 to 0.84). However, if we included a third trial with high risk of bias, the difference became insignificant (overall survival: HR 0.71; 95% CI 0.44 to 1.15). With regards to the outcomes event‐free survival and local progression, hepatic resection also yielded better results than RFA. However, the number of complications was higher in surgically treated participants (odds ratio (OR) 8.24; 95% CI 2.12 to 31.95). RFA seemed superior to percutaneous ethanol or acetic acid injection regarding overall survival (HR 1.64; 95% CI 1.31 to 2.07). The RR for mortality was also in favour of RFA, but did not reach statistical significance (150/490 (30.6%) people in the percutaneous ethanol or acetic acid group versus 119/496 (24.0%) people in the RFA group; RR 1.76; 95% CI 0.97 to 3.22). The proportion of adverse events did not differ significantly between RFA and percutaneous ethanol or acetic acid injection (HR 0.70; 95% CI 0.33 to 1.48). Trial sequential analyses revealed that the number of participants in the included trials was insufficient and that more trials are needed to assess the effects of RFA versus other interventions. Authors' conclusions The effects of RFA versus no intervention, chemotherapeutic treatment, or liver transplantation are unknown. We found moderate‐quality evidence that hepatic resection is superior to RFA regarding survival. However, RFA might be associated with fewer complications and a shorter hospital stay than hepatic resection. We found moderate‐quality evidence showing that RFA seems superior to percutaneous ethanol injection regarding survival. There were too sparse data to recommend or refute ablation achieved by techniques other than RFA. More randomised clinical trials with low risk of bias and low risks of random errors assessing the effect of RFA are needed. Plain language summary Radiofrequency ablation for the treatment of liver cancer (hepatocellular carcinoma) Background Liver cancer (hepatocellular carcinoma) is the fifth most common cancer worldwide. In the majority of patients, hepatocellular carcinoma is diagnosed at advanced stages of the disease and is mostly accompanied by liver cirrhosis. To date, there is no medical cure for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma, and treatment aims to slow tumour growth. In high‐income countries, about 30% of patients present with the more favourable early hepatocellular carcinoma. For these patients, percutaneous ablation techniques (destruction of the cancer cells by heat, cold, or chemical substances such as ethanol), surgical resection (removal of part of the liver), and liver transplantation (which is limited by organ donor shortage) are currently considered potentially curative treatments. Radiofrequency (thermal) ablation (RFA) is the most elaborated of the percutaneous interventions, so far. Heat caused by alternating electric current is administered by probes that are inserted through the skin (percutaneously). Study characteristics The review authors searched the medical literature in order to clarify the role of RFA for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma and to compare its benefits and harms with no treatment, placebo (a pretend treatment), or other treatments (such as hepatic resection, percutaneous ethanol injection (PEI), percutaneous acetic acid injection (PAI), laser or microwave ablation, and liver transplantation). We looked for randomised clinical trials (where people were allocated at random to one of two or more treatments groups) of people with hepatocellular carcinoma who were able to receive RFA. Evidence is current to September 2013. Key results and quality of evidence We found no trials comparing RFA versus no intervention, placebo, chemotherapy, or liver transplantation. The review authors found moderate‐quality evidence from two trials with low risk of bias (where there was a low risk of a flaw in study design, method of collecting or interpreting results) randomising 578 patients suggesting that hepatic resection yielded better results regarding overall survival (the length of time that the patient remains alive), event‐free survival (time that the person remains free of cancer or a certain symptom relating to cancer), and progression (time that the patient lives with cancer without it getting worse) compared with RFA. However, as resection is a more invasive procedure, resection has an eight times higher risk of major complications compared with RFA. Resected patients stayed twice as long in the hospital as the RFA patients. Moderate‐quality evidence suggested that RFA prolongs survival and decreases recurrences (where the cancer returns) compared with PEI or PAI. This conclusion was based on data from six randomised clinical trials with 1088 participants. Some patients developed side effects such as fever, rash, and pain. These occurred at the same frequency in both treatment groups. We calculated the number of patients that would be required to judge a relative risk reduction (relative risk is a comparison of the risk of an event happening for one treatment group compared with another treatment group) for survival of 20%. The review authors found that for both comparisons, that is RFA versus PEI or PAI, and RFA versus resection, the number of patients in the included trials was too low to reach valid conclusions. No firm conclusion can be drawn from the comparison of RFA against other interventional techniques or combination approaches. The information provided by the single trials was limited. More randomised clinical trials with low risks of bias (that is low risks of systematic errors, leading to overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and low risk of play of chance (that is random errors, leading to overestimation or underestimation of benefits and harms) are required.
Corticosteroids as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of influenza; Abstract - Background Specific treatments for influenza are limited to neuraminidase inhibitors and adamantanes. Corticosteroids show evidence of benefit in sepsis and related conditions, most likely due to their anti‐inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. Although commonly prescribed for severe influenza, there is uncertainty over their potential benefits or harms. This is an update of a review first published in 2016. Objectives To systematically assess the effectiveness and potential adverse effects of corticosteroids as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of influenza, taking into account differences in timing and doses of corticosteroids. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2018, Issue 9), which includes the Cochrane Acute Respiratory infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1946 to October week 1, 2018), Embase (1980 to 3 October 2018), CINAHL (1981 to 3 October 2018), LILACS (1982 to 3 October 2018), Web of Science (1985 to 3 October 2018), abstracts from the last three years of major infectious disease and microbiology conferences, and references of included articles. We also searched the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the ISRCTN registry on 3 October 2018. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐RCTs, and observational studies that compared corticosteroid treatment with no corticosteroid treatment for influenza or influenza‐like illness. We did not restrict studies by language of publication, influenza subtypes, clinical setting, or age of participants. We selected eligible studies in two stages: sequential examination of title and abstract, followed by full text. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We pooled estimates of effect using a random‐effects model, where appropriate. We assessed heterogeneity using the I 2  statistic and assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE framework. Main results This updated review includes 30 studies (one RCT with two arms and 29 observational studies) with a total of 99,224 participants. We included 19 studies in the original review (n = 3459), all of which were observational, with 13 studies included in the meta‐analysis for mortality. We included 12 new studies in this update (one RCT and 11 observational studies), and excluded one study in the original review as it has been superceded by a more recent analysis. Twenty‐one studies were included in the meta‐analysis (9536 individuals), of which 15 studied people infected with 2009 influenza A H1N1 virus (H1N1pdm09). Data specific to mortality were of very low quality, based predominantly on observational studies, with inconsistent reporting of variables potentially associated with the outcomes of interest, differences between studies in the way in which they were conducted, and with the likelihood of potential confounding by indication. Reported doses of corticosteroids used were high, and indications for their use were not well reported. On meta‐analysis, corticosteroid therapy was associated with increased mortality (odds ratio (OR) 3.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.31 to 6.60; I 2  = 68%; 15 studies). A similar increase in risk of mortality was seen in a stratified analysis of studies reporting adjusted estimates (OR 2.23, 95% CI 1.54 to 3.24; I 2  = 0%; 5 studies). An association between corticosteroid therapy and increased mortality was also seen on pooled analysis of six studies which reported adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) (HR 1.49, 95% CI 1.09 to 2.02; I 2  = 69%). Increased odds of hospital‐acquired infection related to corticosteroid therapy were found on pooled analysis of seven studies (pooled OR 2.74, 95% CI 1.51 to 4.95; I 2  = 90%); all were unadjusted estimates, and we graded the data as of very low certainty. Authors' conclusions We found one RCT of adjunctive corticosteroid therapy for treating people with community‐acquired pneumonia, but the number of people with laboratory‐confirmed influenza in the treatment and placebo arms was too small to draw conclusions regarding the effect of corticosteroids in this group, and we did not include it in our meta‐analyses of observational studies. The certainty of the available evidence from observational studies was very low, with confounding by indication a major potential concern. Although we found that adjunctive corticosteroid therapy is associated with increased mortality, this result should be interpreted with caution. In the context of clinical trials of adjunctive corticosteroid therapy in sepsis and pneumonia that report improved outcomes, including decreased mortality, more high‐quality research is needed (both RCTs and observational studies that adjust for confounding by indication). The currently available evidence is insufficient to determine the effectiveness of corticosteroids for people with influenza. Plain language summary Steroids for the treatment of influenza Review question We reviewed the evidence regarding the effect of additional ('adjunctive') steroid treatment in individuals with influenza infection. Background The majority of individuals with influenza have a fever, headache, and cough and improve without any specific treatment. However, a small proportion of patients develop a more severe form of influenza that requires admission to a hospital intensive care unit. These patients are often prescribed steroids as part of their treatment, although the evidence supporting the use of steroids in these circumstances is controversial. Study characteristics We searched for studies comparing additional steroid treatment with no additional steroid treatment in individuals with influenza. The evidence is current to 3 October 2018. We identified a total of 30 studies with 99,224 individuals; one of these studies was a clinical trial. The majority of studies investigated adults admitted to hospital with pandemic influenza in 2009 and 2010. Key results We found one relevant clinical trial, but there were very few participants (n = 24) with laboratory‐confirmed influenza. The certainty of the evidence available from existing observational studies was of very low. We found that people with influenza who received additional steroid treatment may have a greater risk of death compared to those who did not receive steroid treatment. Hospital‐acquired infection was the main 'side effect' related to steroid treatment reported in the included studies; most studies reported a greater risk of hospital‐acquired infection in the group treated with steroids. However, it was unclear whether patients with more severe influenza had been selected to receive steroid treatment. Consequently, we were unable to determine whether additional steroid treatment in people with influenza is truly harmful or not. Further clinical trials of additional steroids in the treatment of individuals with influenza are therefore warranted. In the meantime, the use of steroids in influenza remains a clinical judgement call. Certainty of the evidence In the one controlled trial there were only 24 participants with confirmed influenza infection, and there was under‐representation of the sickest patients in the intensive care unit and with sepsis. The rest of the evidence was from observational studies, and we classified the certainty of this evidence as very low. A major limitation was that the indications for corticosteroid therapy were not fully specified in many of the studies; corticosteroids may have been used as a final attempt in people with the most severe disease, or conversely they may have been used to treat less severe illnesses that occurred simultaneously such as asthma exacerbations. It was noted in some studies that there was high degree of association between the use of corticosteroids and the presence of potentially confounding factors such as disease severity and underlying illnesses, suggesting that confounding by the indication for corticosteroids was likely if not adjusted for when determining effect estimates. We noted inconsistent reporting of other important variables that may be related to influenza‐related death across studies, including time to hospitalisation, the use and timing of antiviral drugs and antibiotics, and the type, dose, timing, and duration of corticosteroid therapy. Additionally, for studies in which this information was reported, there were differences between studies in the way that disease severity was measured, the time point at which death was assessed, and the proportions of cases and controls treated with antivirals and/or antibiotics and in the type, dose, timing, and duration of corticosteroid therapy.
Vaccines for the common cold; Abstract - Background The common cold is a spontaneously remitting infection of the upper respiratory tract, characterised by a runny nose, nasal congestion, sneezing, cough, malaise, sore throat, and fever (usually < 37.8 ºC). Whilst the common cold is generally not harmful, it is a cause of economic burden due to school and work absenteeism. In the United States, economic loss due to the common cold is estimated at more than USD 40 billion per year, including an estimate of 70 million workdays missed by employees, 189 million school days missed by children, and 126 million workdays missed by parents caring for children with a cold. Additionally, data from Europe show that the total cost per episode may be up to EUR 1102. There is also a large expenditure due to inappropriate antimicrobial prescription. Vaccine development for the common cold has been difficult due to antigenic variability of the common cold viruses; even bacteria can act as infective agents. Uncertainty remains regarding the efficacy and safety of interventions for preventing the common cold in healthy people, thus we performed an update of this Cochrane Review, which was first published in 2011 and updated in 2013 and 2017. Objectives To assess the clinical effectiveness and safety of vaccines for preventing the common cold in healthy people. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (April 2022), MEDLINE (1948 to April 2022), Embase (1974 to April 2022), CINAHL (1981 to April 2022), and LILACS (1982 to April 2022). We also searched three trials registers for ongoing studies, and four websites for additional trials (April 2022). We did not impose any language or date restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of any virus vaccine compared with placebo to prevent the common cold in healthy people. Data collection and analysis We used Cochrane’s Screen4Me workflow to assess the initial search results. Four review authors independently performed title and abstract screening to identify potentially relevant studies. We retrieved the full‐text articles for those studies deemed potentially relevant, and the review authors independently screened the full‐text reports for inclusion in the review, recording reasons for exclusion of the excluded studies. Any disagreements were resolved by discussion or by consulting a third review author when needed. Two review authors independently collected data on a data extraction form, resolving any disagreements by consensus or by involving a third review author. We double‐checked data transferred into Review Manager 5 software. Three review authors independently assessed risk of bias using RoB 1 tool as outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions.  We carried out statistical analysis using Review Manager 5. We did not conduct a meta‐analysis, and we did not assess publication bias. We used GRADEpro GDT software to assess the certainty of the evidence and to create a summary of findings table.  Main results We did not identify any new RCTs for inclusion in this update. This review includes one RCT conducted in 1965 with an overall high risk of bias. The RCT included 2307 healthy young men in a military facility, all of whom were included in the analyses, and compared the effect of three adenovirus vaccines (live, inactivated type 4, and inactivated type 4 and 7) against a placebo (injection of physiological saline or gelatin capsule). There were 13 (1.14%) events in 1139 participants in the vaccine group, and 14 (1.19%) events in 1168 participants in the placebo group. Overall, we do not know if there is a difference between the adenovirus vaccine and placebo in reducing the incidence of the common cold (risk ratio 0.95, 95% confidence interval 0.45 to 2.02; very low‐certainty evidence). Furthermore, no difference in adverse events when comparing live vaccine preparation with placebo was reported. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence to very low due to unclear risk of bias, indirectness because the population of this study was only young men, and imprecision because confidence intervals were wide and the number of events was low. The included study did not assess vaccine‐related or all‐cause mortality.  Authors' conclusions This Cochrane Review was based on one study with very low‐certainty evidence, which showed that there may be no difference between the adenovirus vaccine and placebo in reducing the incidence of the common cold. We identified a need for well‐designed, adequately powered RCTs to investigate vaccines for the common cold in healthy people. Future trials on interventions for preventing the common cold should assess a variety of virus vaccines for this condition, and should measure such outcomes as common cold incidence, vaccine safety, and mortality (all‐cause and related to the vaccine). Plain language summary Vaccines for preventing the common cold Review question Can vaccines help prevent the common cold? Background The common cold is mainly caused by a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. People with the common cold feel unwell, have a runny nose, nasal congestion, sneezing, cough with or without sore throat, and have slightly elevated temperatures. However, people usually recover when their immune system controls the impact of the viral infection. Treatment for this condition is aimed at relieving symptoms. Globally, the common cold causes widespread illness and large economic loss. In the United States, economic loss due to the common cold is estimated at more than USD 40 billion per year, including millions of workdays and school days missed. In Europe, the total cost per episode may be up to EUR 1102. There is also a large expenditure on inappropriate antimicrobial prescriptions. It has been difficult to manufacture vaccines to prevent the common cold because it is caused by several viruses. The effect of vaccines for preventing the common cold in healthy people is still unknown. Search date The evidence is current to 26 April 2022. Study characteristics We did not identify any new trials for inclusion in this update. This review includes one previously identified randomised controlled trial (a type of study where participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) performed in 1965. This study involved 2307 young, healthy military men at a training facility in the United States Navy, and evaluated the effects of a live attenuated (weakened) adenovirus vaccine, an inactivated type 4, and an inactivated type 4 and 7 vaccines compared to a placebo (fake vaccine). Study funding sources The included trial was funded by a government institution. Key results There were no differences in the frequency of occurrence of the common cold between those who received a live attenuated adenovirus vaccine compared to those who received a placebo. There were no differences between groups in adverse events. However, as the trial participants were not representative of the general population and there were flaws in the study design, our confidence in the results is very low. Further research is needed to find out if vaccines can prevent the common cold, as the current evidence does not support the use of the adenovirus vaccine to prevent the common cold in healthy people. Certainty of the evidence We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low due to high risk of bias; because the study population was only young men; and due to the small number of people included in the study and low numbers of colds.
Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis; Abstract - Background Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA) preparations were intended to avoid the adverse effects of sulfasalazine (SASP) while maintaining its therapeutic benefits. It was previously found that 5‐ASA drugs in doses of at least 2 g/day were more effective than placebo but no more effective than SASP for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis (UC). This review is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Objectives To assess the efficacy, dose‐responsiveness and safety of oral 5‐ASA compared to placebo, SASP, or 5‐ASA comparators (i.e. other formulations of 5‐ASA) for induction of remission in active UC. A secondary objective was to compare the efficacy and safety of once‐daily dosing of oral 5‐ASA versus conventional dosing regimens (two or three times daily). Search methods We searched MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Library on 11 June 2019. We also searched references, conference proceedings and study registers to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We considered randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including adults (aged 18 years or more) with active UC for inclusion. We included studies that compared oral 5‐ASA therapy with placebo, SASP, or other 5‐ASA formulations. We also included studies that compared once‐daily to conventional dosing as well as dose‐ranging studies. Data collection and analysis Outcomes include failure to induce global/clinical remission, global/clinical improvement, endoscopic remission, endoscopic improvement, adherence, adverse events (AEs), serious adverse events (SAEs), withdrawals due to AEs, and withdrawals or exclusions after entry. We analyzed five comparisons: 5‐ASA versus placebo, 5‐ASA versus sulfasalazine, once‐daily dosing versus conventional dosing, 5‐ASA (e.g. MMX mesalamine, Ipocol, Balsalazide, Pentasa, Olsalazine and 5‐ASA micropellets) versus comparator 5‐ASA (e.g. Asacol, Claversal, Salofalk), and 5‐ASA dose‐ranging. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. We analyzed data on an intention‐to‐treat basis, and used GRADE to assess the overall certainty of the evidence. Main results We include 54 studies (9612 participants). We rated most studies at low risk of bias. Seventy‐one per cent (1107/1550) of 5‐ASA participants failed to enter clinical remission compared to 83% (695/837) of placebo participants (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.82 to 0.89; 2387 participants, 11 studies; high‐certainty evidence). We also observed a dose‐response trend for 5‐ASA. There was no difference in clinical remission rates between 5‐ASA and SASP. Fifty‐four per cent (150/279) of 5‐ASA participants failed to enter remission compared to 58% (144/247) of SASP participants (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.04; 526 participants, 8 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence). There was no difference in remission rates between once‐daily dosing and conventional dosing. Sixty per cent (533/881) of once‐daily participants failed to enter clinical remission compared to 61% (538/880) of conventionally‐dosed participants (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.06; 1761 participants, 5 studies; high‐certainty evidence). Eight per cent (15/179) of participants dosed once daily failed to adhere to their medication regimen compared to 6% (11/179) of conventionally‐dosed participants (RR 1.36, 95% CI 0.64 to 2.86; 358 participants, 2 studies; low‐certainty evidence). There does not appear to be any difference in efficacy among the various 5‐ASA formulations. Fifty per cent (507/1022) of participants in the 5‐ASA group failed to enter remission compared to 52% (491/946) of participants in the 5‐ASA comparator group (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.02; 1968 participants, 11 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence). There was no evidence of a difference in the incidence of adverse events and serious adverse events between 5‐ASA and placebo, once‐daily and conventionally‐dosed 5‐ASA, and 5‐ASA and comparator 5‐ASA formulation studies. Common adverse events included flatulence, abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, headache and worsening UC. SASP was not as well tolerated as 5‐ASA. Twenty‐nine per cent (118/411) of SASP participants experienced an AE compared to 15% (72/498) of 5‐ASA participants (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.36 to 0.63; 909 participants, 12 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions There is high‐certainty evidence that 5‐ASA is superior to placebo, and moderate‐certainty evidence that 5‐ASA is not more effective than SASP. Considering relative costs, a clinical advantage to using oral 5‐ASA in place of SASP appears unlikely. High‐certainty evidence suggests 5‐ASA dosed once daily appears to be as efficacious as conventionally‐dosed 5‐ASA. There may be little or no difference in efficacy or safety among the various 5‐ASA formulations. Plain language summary Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid for the treatment of active ulcerative colitis What is ulcerative colitis? Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a condition that causes inflammation of your large intestine (colon). Some of the symptoms associated with UC include diarrhea, abdominal pain, rectal pain, rectal bleeding, weight loss, fatigue and fever. What is 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA)? Sulfasalazine (SASP) has been used for treating UC for decades. SASP is made up of 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA) linked to a sulfur molecule. Up to a third of people treated with SASP have reported side effects, which are thought to be related to the sulfur part of the molecule. Common side effects associated with SASP include nausea, indigestion, headache, vomiting and abdominal pain. 5‐ASA drugs were developed to avoid the side effects associated with SASP. 5‐ASA is commonly taken by mouth. What did the researchers investigate? The researchers examined whether oral 5‐ASA helps to cause remission in people with UC. The researchers investigated whether oral 5‐ASA was better than placebo (a fake medication) or a different 5‐ASA formulation. Key results This review includes 54 randomized trials with a total of 9612 people taking part. The review includes studies published up to June 2019. Oral 5‐ASA was found to be more effective than placebo (fake drug). Although oral 5‐ASA drugs are effective for treating active UC, they are no more effective than SASP therapy. People taking 5‐ASA are less likely to experience side effects than those taking SASP. Side effects associated with 5‐ASA are generally mild in nature, and common side effects include digestive tract symptoms (e.g. flatulence, abdominal pain, nausea, and diarrhea), headache and worsening UC. 5‐ASA compounds are more expensive than SASP, so SASP may be the preferred option where cost is an important factor. 5‐ASA given once daily appears to be as effective as 5‐ASA given in the usual way (two or three times daily). There do not appear to be any differences in effectiveness or safety among the various 5‐ASA formulations. Conclusions High‐certainty evidence suggests that 5‐ASA is superior to placebo and that 5‐ASA once‐daily dose has the same effectiveness and safety as the conventional 5‐ASA dose. Moderate‐certainty evidence also suggests that 5‐ASA is not superior to SASP. Sticking to the medication does not appear to improve with once‐daily dosing compared to conventional dosing. Lastly, there may be little or no difference in effectiveness or safety among the various 5‐ASA formulations.
Zinc for prevention and treatment of the common cold; Abstract - Background The common cold is an acute, self‐limiting viral respiratory illness. Symptoms include nasal congestion and mucus discharge, sneezing, sore throat, cough, and general malaise. Given the frequency of colds, they are a public health burden and a significant cause of lost work productivity and school absenteeism. There are no established interventions to prevent colds or shorten their duration. However, zinc supplements are commonly recommended and taken for this purpose. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of zinc for the prevention and treatment of the common cold. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and LILACS to 22 May 2023, and searched Web of Science Core Collection and two trials registries to 14 June 2023. We also used reference checking, citation searching, and contact with study authors to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in children or adults that tested any form of zinc against placebo to prevent or treat the common cold or upper respiratory infection (URTI). We excluded zinc interventions in which zinc was combined with other minerals, vitamins, or herbs (e.g. a multivitamin, or mineral supplement containing zinc). Data collection and analysis We used the Cochrane risk of bias tool to assess risks of bias, and GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. We independently extracted data. When necessary, we contacted study authors for additional information. We assessed zinc (type and route) with placebo in the prevention and treatment of the common cold. Primary outcomes included the proportion of participants developing colds (for analyses of prevention trials only), duration of cold (measured in days from start to resolution of the cold), adverse events potentially due to zinc supplements (e.g. unpleasant taste, loss of smell, vomiting, stomach cramps, and diarrhoea), and adverse events considered to be potential complications of the common cold (e.g. respiratory bacterial infections). Main results We included 34 studies (15 prevention, 19 treatment) involving 8526 participants. Twenty‐two studies were conducted on adults and 12 studies were conducted on children. Most trials were conducted in the USA (n = 18), followed by India, Indonesia, Iran, and Turkey (two studies each), and Australia, Burkina Faso, Colombia, Denmark, Finland, Tanzania, Thailand, and the UK (one study each). The 15 prevention studies identified the condition as either common cold (n = 8) or URTI (n = 7). However, almost all therapeutic studies (17/19) focused on the common cold. Most studies (17/34) evaluated the effectiveness of zinc administered as lozenges (3 prevention; 14 treatment) in acetate, gluconate, and orotate forms;  gluconate  lozenges were the most common (9/17). Zinc gluconate was given at doses between 45 and 276 mg/day for between 4.5 and 21 days. Five (5/17) lozenge studies gave  acetate  lozenges and two (2/17) gave both  acetate  and  gluconate  lozenges. One (1/17) lozenge study administered intranasal ( gluconate ) and lozenge ( orotate ) zinc in tandem for cold treatment. Of the 17/34 studies that did not use lozenges, 1/17 gave capsules, 3/17 administered dissolved powders, 5/17 gave tablets, 4/17 used syrups, and 4/17 used intranasal administration. Most studies were at unclear or high risk of bias in at least one domain. There may be little or no reduction in the risk of developing a cold with zinc compared to placebo (risk ratio (RR) 0.93, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.01; I 2  = 20%; 9 studies, 1449 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There may be little or no reduction in the mean number of colds that occur over five to 18 months of follow‐up (mean difference (MD) ‐0.90, 95% CI ‐1.93 to 0.12; I 2  = 96%; 2 studies, 1284 participants; low‐certainty evidence). When colds occur, there is probably little or no difference in the duration of colds in days (MD ‐0.63, 95% CI ‐1.29 to 0.04; I² = 77%; 3 studies, 740 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), and there may be little or no difference in global symptom severity (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.04, 95% CI ‐0.35 to 0.43; I² = 0%; 2 studies, 101 participants; low‐certainty evidence). When zinc is used for cold treatment, there may be a reduction in the mean duration of the cold in days (MD ‐2.37, 95% CI ‐4.21 to ‐0.53; I² = 97%; 8 studies, 972 participants; low‐certainty evidence), although it is uncertain whether there is a reduction in the risk of having an ongoing cold at the end of follow‐up (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.27; I² = 65%; 5 studies, 357 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), or global symptom severity (SMD ‐0.03, 95% CI ‐0.56 to 0.50; I² = 78%; 2 studies, 261 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), and there may be little or no difference in the risk of a change in global symptom severity (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.23; 1 study, 114 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Thirty‐one studies reported non‐serious adverse events (2422 participants). It is uncertain whether there is a difference in the risk of adverse events with zinc used for cold prevention (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.47; I 2  = 0%; 7 studies, 1517 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) or an increase in the risk of serious adverse events (RR 1.67, 95% CI 0.78 to 3.57; I 2  = 0%; 3 studies, 1563 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There is probably an increase in the risk of non‐serious adverse events when zinc is used for cold treatment (RR 1.34, 95% CI 1.15 to 1.55; I 2  = 44%; 2084 participants, 16 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence); no treatment study provided information on serious adverse events. No study provided clear information about adverse events considered to be potential complications of the common cold. Authors' conclusions The findings suggest that zinc supplementation may have little or no effect on the prevention of colds but may reduce the duration of ongoing colds, with an increase in non‐serious adverse events. Overall, there was wide variation in interventions (including concomitant therapy) and outcomes across the studies, as well as incomplete reporting of several domains, which should be considered when making conclusions about the efficacy of zinc for the common cold. Plain language summary Zinc for the prevention and treatment of the common cold Key messages  ‐ There may be little or no reduction in the risk of developing a cold with zinc supplements compared to placebo. ‐ For people who already have a cold, there may be a reduction in how long the cold lasts with zinc supplements compared to placebo. ‐ There is probably an increase in the risk of non‐serious adverse events when zinc is used for cold treatment. What is the common cold?  The common cold is primarily a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. There is no specific combination of symptoms that defines a cold, but symptoms can include nasal congestion, sneezing, sore throat, cough, fatigue, and runny nose, with or without fever. Most people usually recover from this illness without medical treatment; however, there are no definitive treatments to prevent colds or shorten their duration. Given the frequency of colds in adults and children, they are a public health burden and a significant cause of lost work productivity and school absenteeism. Prevention and treatment for the common cold with zinc is an ongoing interest. What did we want to find out?   We wanted to find out if zinc was better than placebo at reducing the risk of developing a cold and shortening the duration of existing colds. A placebo is a substance similar in appearance to a treatment, but that has no known therapeutic effect. Placebos help assess the effects of the belief that a treatment has been received versus treatment actually being received. We also wanted to find out if zinc was associated with any adverse effects (e.g. harms), especially harms considered to be potential complications of the common cold. Additionally, we looked at self‐reported overall cold severity, individual symptom severity, individual symptom duration, and days missed from work or school. What did we do?  We searched six databases and two clinical trials registers for studies comparing zinc with placebo for the treatment or prevention of the common cold in adults and children. We compared and summarised the results of the studies, and we found and rated our confidence in the evidence based on specific factors such as risk of bias and study methods. What did we find?  We found 34 studies of cold prevention or treatment. The studies were conducted in 13 countries, a majority taking place in the USA. Twelve studies were conducted on children (aged under 18 years) and 22 studies were conducted on adults. Most treatments ended with self‐reported resolution of symptoms, and the minimum treatment period was five days with a maximum period of 540 days. Most of the studies were funded by an organisation with ties to related commerce/industry or did not report their funding. The remainder were funded by private clinics, non‐government foundations, universities, or governmental entities. We assessed the effects of: ‐ zinc as a preventative measure; and ‐ zinc as a treatment measure. We obtained the following results: Zinc for prevention Compared with placebo, taking zinc may make little to no difference in preventing people from catching a cold (9 studies, 1449 people). Preventative zinc also probably makes little to no difference to the length of the cold if one has been caught (3 studies, 740 participants) and may make little to no difference to the severity of the symptoms experienced (2 studies, 101 people). Negative side effects were reported by people taking either zinc or placebo; irregularities in taste and stomach upset were the most common. Zinc for treatment Zinc taken for treatment of a cold may reduce the length of time that symptoms are present, by approximately two days, when compared with placebo (8 studies, 972 people). However, we have little confidence in the evidence supporting this conclusion. It is unclear whether zinc makes a difference to the severity of the cold symptoms experienced (2 studies, 261 people). Negative side effects were reported more frequently for those taking zinc as a cold treatment when compared to those taking placebo; irregularities in taste and stomach upset were the most common. Studies administering intranasal zinc did not report any cases of anosmia (loss of sense of smell) but information about specific side effects is uncertain. What are the limitations of the evidence?  Our confidence in the evidence is mostly low to very low, and the results of further research could differ from the results of this review. Several factors reduced our confidence in the evidence. Firstly, some studies did not report adequately on how people in the studies were randomly placed into treatment groups, meaning that differences between the study groups could be due to differences between the participants and not the treatments. Secondly, some studies used widely different ways of delivering treatments. Finally, due to the large differences between studies in the approaches used to test the effectiveness of zinc, it is likely that additional studies are required before any firm conclusions can be drawn. How up‐to‐date is this evidence?  The evidence is current to 22 May 2023.
Adenoidectomy for recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms in children; Abstract - Background Adenoidectomy, surgical removal of the adenoids, is a common ENT operation worldwide in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms. A systematic review on the effectiveness of adenoidectomy in this specific group has not previously been performed. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of adenoidectomy versus non‐surgical management in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); PubMed; EMBASE; CINAHL; Web of Science; BIOSIS Previews; Cambridge Scientific Abstracts; mRCT and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the most recent search was 30 March 2009. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing adenoidectomy, with or without tympanostomy tubes, versus non‐surgical management or tympanostomy tubes alone in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms. The primary outcome studied was the number of episodes, days per episode and per year with nasal symptoms and the proportion of children with recurrent episodes of nasal symptoms. Secondary outcomes were mean number of episodes, mean number of days per episode and per year, and proportion of children with nasal obstruction alone. Data collection and analysis Two authors assessed trial quality and extracted data independently. Main results Only one study included children scheduled for adenoidectomy because of recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms or middle ear disease. In this study no beneficial effect of adenoidectomy was found. The numbers in this study were, however, small (n = 76) and the quality of the study was moderate. The outcome was improvement in episodes of common colds. The risk differences were non‐significant, being 2% (95% CI ‐18% to 22%) and ‐11% (95% CI ‐28% to 7%) after 12 and 24 months, respectively. A second study included children with recurrent acute otitis media (n = 180). As otitis media is known to be associated with nasal symptoms, the number of days with rhinitis was studied as a secondary outcome measure. The risk difference was non‐significant, being ‐4 days (95% CI ‐13 to 7 days). Authors' conclusions Current evidence regarding the effect of adenoidectomy on recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms or nasal obstruction alone is sparse, inconclusive and has a significant risk of bias. High quality trials assessing the effectiveness of adenoidectomy in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms should be initiated. Plain language summary Adenoidectomy for recurrent of chronic nasal symptoms in children Infections of the upper respiratory tract, presenting as recurrent nasal symptoms (nasal discharge with or without nasal obstruction) are very common in children. Removal of the adenoids (adenoidectomy) is a surgical procedure that is frequently performed in these children. It is thought that adenoidectomy prevents recurrence of nasal symptoms. Our review, which includes two studies (256 children), shows that it is uncertain whether adenoidectomy is effective in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms. Further high quality trials are needed.
Alpha‐blockers after shock wave lithotripsy for renal or ureteral stones in adults; Abstract - Background Shock wave lithotripsy (SWL) is a widely used method to treat renal and ureteral stone. It fragments stones into smaller pieces that are then able to pass spontaneously down the ureter and into the bladder. Alpha‐blockers may assist in promoting the passage of stone fragments, but their effectiveness remains uncertain.  Objectives To assess the effects of alpha‐blockers as adjuvant medical expulsive therapy plus usual care compared to placebo and usual care or usual care alone in adults undergoing shock wave lithotripsy for renal or ureteral stones. Search methods We performed a comprehensive literature search of the Cochrane Library, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, MEDLINE, Embase, several clinical trial registries and grey literature for published and unpublished studies irrespective of language. The date of the most recent search was 27 February 2020. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials of adults undergoing SWL. Participants in the intervention group had to have received an alpha‐blocker as adjuvant medical expulsive therapy plus usual care. For the comparator group, we considered studies in which participants received placebo. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies for inclusion/exclusion, and performed data abstraction and risk of bias assessment. We conducted meta‐analysis for the identified dichotomous and continuous outcomes using RevManWeb according to Cochrane methods using a random‐effects model. We judged the certainty of evidence on a per outcome basis using GRADE. Main results We included 40 studies with 4793 participants randomized to usual care and an alpha‐blocker versus usual care alone. Only four studies were placebo controlled. The mean age of participants was 28.6 to 56.8 years and the mean stone size prior to SWL was 7.1 mm to 13.2 mm. The most widely used alpha‐blocker was tamsulosin; others were silodosin, doxazosin, terazosin and alfuzosin.  Alpha‐blockers may improve clearance of stone fragments after SWL (risk ratio (RR) 1.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.09 to 1.23; I² = 78%; studies = 36; participants = 4084; low certainty evidence). Based on the stone clearance rate of 69.3% observed in the control arm, an alpha‐blocker may increase stone clearance to 80.4%. This corresponds to 111 more (62 more to 159 more) participants per 1000 clearing their stone fragments. Alpha‐blockers may reduce the need for auxiliary treatments after SWL (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.00; I² = 16%; studies = 12; participants = 1251; low certainty evidence), but also includes the possibility of no effect. Based on a rate of auxiliary treatments in the usual care arm of 9.7%, alpha‐blockers may reduce the rate to 6.5%. This corresponds 32 fewer (53 fewer to 0 fewer) participants per 1000 undergoing auxiliary treatments. Alpha‐blockers may reduce major adverse events (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.80; I² = 0%; studies = 7; participants = 747; low certainty evidence). Major adverse events occurred in 25.8% of participants in the usual care group; alpha‐blockers would reduce this to 15.5%. This corresponds to 103 fewer (139 fewer to 52 fewer) major adverse events per 1000 with alpha‐blocker treatment. None of the reported major adverse events appeared drug‐related; most were emergency room visits or rehospitalizations. Alpha‐blockers may reduce stone clearance time in days (mean difference (MD) –3.74, 95% CI –5.25 to –2.23; I² = 86%; studies = 14; participants = 1790; low certainty evidence). We found no evidence for the outcome of quality of life. For those outcomes for which we were able to perform subgroup analyses, we found no evidence of interaction with stone location, stone size or type of alpha‐blocker. We were unable to conduct an analysis by lithotripter type. The results were also largely unchanged when the analyses were limited to placebo controlled studies and those in which participants explicitly only received a single SWL session. Authors' conclusions Based on low certainty evidence, adjuvant alpha‐blocker therapy following SWL in addition to usual care may result in improved stone clearance, less need for auxiliary treatments, fewer major adverse events and a reduced stone clearance time compared to usual care alone. We did not find evidence for quality of life. The low certainty of evidence means that our confidence in the effect estimate is limited; the true effect may be substantially different from the estimate of the effect. Plain language summary After using shock waves to break up kidney stones, do medicines called alpha‑blockers help to get rid of the stone fragments? What are kidney stones? Waste products in the blood can sometimes form crystals that collect inside the kidneys. These can build up over time to form a hard stone‐like lump, called a kidney stone. Kidney stones can develop in both kidneys especially in people with certain medical conditions or who are taking certain medicines, or if people do not drink enough water or fluids. Stones can cause severe pain, fever and a kidney infection if they block the ureter. Treatments for kidney stones Most stones are small enough to pass out in the urine: drinking plenty of water and other fluids will help. Larger kidney stones may be too big to pass out naturally and are usually removed by surgery. Shock wave lithotripsy is a non‐surgical way to treat stones in the kidney or ureter. High energy sound waves are applied to the outside of the body to break kidney stones into smaller pieces. After shock wave treatment, medicines called alpha‐blockers are sometimes given to help the stone fragments pass out naturally. Alpha‐blockers work by relaxing muscles and helping to keep blood vessels open. They are usually used to treat high blood pressure and problems with storing and passing urine in men who have an enlarged prostate gland. Alpha‐blockers may relax the muscle in the ureters, which might help to get rid of kidney stones and fragments.              Why we did this Cochrane Review We wanted to find out how well alpha‐blockers work to help kidney stone fragments pass out in the urine. We also wanted to find out about potential unwanted effects that might be associated with alpha‐blockers. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at giving alpha‐blockers to adults, after shock wave treatment, to clear kidney stone fragments. We looked for randomized controlled studies, in which the treatments that people received were decided at random, because these studies usually give the most reliable evidence about the effects of a treatment. Search date:  we included evidence published up to 27 February 2020. What we found We found 40 studies including 4793 people who had shock wave treatment to break up their kidney stones. Most of the studies were done in Asia; some were in Europe, Africa and South America. Most studies did not report their sources of funding. The studies compared giving an alpha‐blocker with giving a placebo (dummy) treatment or usual care (could include antibiotics, painkillers and fluids given by mouth or through a drip). Tamsulosin was the most commonly studied alpha‐blocker; the others were silodosin, doxazosin, terazosin and alfuzosin. What are the results of our review? Compared with usual care or a placebo treatment, alpha‐blockers may: clear kidney stones in more people: in 111 more people for every 1000 people treated (36 studies); clear stones faster: by nearly four days (14 studies); reduce the need for extra treatments to clear stones: in 32 fewer people for every 1000 people treated (12 studies); and cause fewer unwanted effects: affecting 103 fewer people for every 1000 people treated (seven studies). Most unwanted effects were emergency visits to hospitals, and people going back into hospital for stone related problems. Unwanted effects were more common in people who had usual care or a placebo treatment than in people given alpha‐blockers. None of the studies looked at people's quality of life (well‐being). How reliable are these results? We are uncertain about these results because they were based on studies in which it was unclear how people were chosen to take part; it was unclear if results were reported fully; some results were inconsistent and in some studies the results varied widely.  Our results are likely to change if further evidence becomes available. Conclusions Giving an alpha‐blocker after shock wave treatment to break up kidney stones might clear the fragments faster, in more people and reduce the need for extra treatments. Alpha‑blockers might cause fewer unwanted effects than usual care or a placebo.
Antibiotic treatment for   Clostridium difficile‐associated diarrhoea in adults; Abstract - Background  Clostridium difficile  ( C. difficile ) is recognized as a frequent cause of antibiotic‐associated diarrhoea and colitis. This review is an update of a previously published Cochrane review. Objectives The aim of this review is to investigate the efficacy and safety of antibiotic therapy for  C. difficile‐ associated diarrhoea (CDAD), or  C. difficile  infection (CDI), being synonymous terms. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL and the Cochrane IBD Group Specialized Trials Register from inception to 26 January 2017. We also searched clinicaltrials.gov and clinicaltrialsregister.eu for ongoing trials. Selection criteria Only randomised controlled trials assessing antibiotic treatment for CDI were included in the review. Data collection and analysis Three authors independently assessed abstracts and full text articles for inclusion and extracted data. The risk of bias was independently rated by two authors. For dichotomous outcomes, we calculated the risk ratio (RR) and corresponding 95% confidence interval (95% CI). We pooled data using a fixed���effect model, except where significant heterogeneity was detected, at which time a random‐effects model was used. The following outcomes were sought: sustained symptomatic cure (defined as initial symptomatic response and no recurrence of CDI), sustained bacteriologic cure, adverse reactions to the intervention, death and cost. Main results Twenty‐two studies (3215 participants) were included. The majority of studies enrolled patients with mild to moderate CDI who could tolerate oral antibiotics. Sixteen of the included studies excluded patients with severe CDI and few patients with severe CDI were included in the other six studies. Twelve different antibiotics were investigated: vancomycin, metronidazole, fusidic acid, nitazoxanide, teicoplanin, rifampin, rifaximin, bacitracin, cadazolid, LFF517, surotomycin and fidaxomicin. Most of the studies were active comparator studies comparing vancomycin with other antibiotics. One small study compared vancomycin to placebo. There were no other studies that compared antibiotic treatment to a placebo or a 'no treatment' control group. The risk of bias was rated as high for 17 of 22 included studies. Vancomycin was found to be more effective than metronidazole for achieving symptomatic cure. Seventy‐two per cent (318/444) of metronidazole patients achieved symptomatic cure compared to 79% (339/428) of vancomycin patients (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.84 to 0.97; moderate quality evidence). Fidaxomicin was found to be more effective than vancomycin for achieving symptomatic cure. Seventy‐one per cent (407/572) of fidaxomicin patients achieved symptomatic cure compared to 61% (361/592) of vancomycin patients (RR 1.17, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.31; moderate quality evidence). Teicoplanin may be more effective than vancomycin for achieving a symptomatic cure. Eightly‐seven per cent (48/55) of teicoplanin patients achieved symptomatic cure compared to 73% (40/55) of vancomycin patients (RR 1.21, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.46; very low quality evidence). For other comparisons including the one placebo‐controlled study the quality of evidence was low or very low due to imprecision and in many cases high risk of bias because of attrition and lack of blinding. One hundred and forty deaths were reported in the studies, all of which were attributed by study authors to the co‐morbidities of the participants that lead to acquiring CDI. Although many other adverse events were reported during therapy, these were attributed to the participants' co‐morbidities. The only adverse events directly attributed to study medication were rare nausea and transient elevation of liver enzymes. Recent cost data (July 2016) for a 10 day course of treatment shows that metronidazole 500 mg is the least expensive antibiotic with a cost of USD 13 (Health Warehouse). Vancomycin 125 mg costs USD 1779 (Walgreens for 56 tablets) compared to fidaxomicin 200 mg at USD 3453.83 or more (Optimer Pharmaceuticals) and teicoplanin at approximately USD 83.67 (GBP 71.40, British National Formulary). Authors' conclusions No firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the efficacy of antibiotic treatment in severe CDI as most studies excluded patients with severe disease. The lack of any 'no treatment' control studies does not allow for any conclusions regarding the need for antibiotic treatment in patients with mild CDI beyond withdrawal of the initiating antibiotic. Nonetheless, moderate quality evidence suggests that vancomycin is superior to metronidazole and fidaxomicin is superior to vancomycin. The differences in effectiveness between these antibiotics were not too large and the advantage of metronidazole is its far lower cost compared to the other two antibiotics. The quality of evidence for teicoplanin is very low. Adequately powered studies are needed to determine if teicoplanin performs as well as the other antibiotics. A trial comparing the two cheapest antibiotics, metronidazole and teicoplanin, would be of interest. Plain language summary Antibiotic therapy for  Clostridium difficile‐ associated diarrhoea in adults Background Clostridium difficile  ( C. difficile ) is a bacterium that can live harmlessly in the colon, but when an individual takes an antibiotic for another condition, the  C. difficile  can grow and replace most of the normal bacterial flora that live in the colon. This overgrowth causes  C. difficile ‐associated diarrhoea (also known as  C. difficile  infection ‐ CDI). The symptoms of CDI include diarrhoea, fever and pain. CDI may be only mild but in many cases is very serious and, if untreated, can be fatal. There are many proposed treatments for CDI, but the most common are withdrawing the antibiotic that caused the CDI and prescribing an antibiotic that kills the bacterium. Many antibiotics have been tested in clinical trials for effectiveness and this review studies the comparisons of these antibiotics. This review is an update of a previously published Cochrane review. Methods We searched the medical literature up to 26 January 2017. All randomised trials that compare two different antibiotics, or variations in dosing of a single antibiotic for treatment of CDI were included. Trials comparing antibiotic to placebo (e.g. a sugar pill) or no treatment were sought but, save for one poor quality placebo‐controlled trial, none were found. Trials that compared antibiotics to a non‐antibiotic treatment were not included. Results Twenty‐two studies (total 3215 participants) were included. The majority of studies enrolled participants with mild to moderate CDI who could tolerate oral antibiotics. Sixteen of the included studies excluded participants with severe CDI and few participants with severe CDI were included in the other studies. Twelve different antibiotics were assessed. Most of the studies compared vancomycin or metronidazole with other antibiotics. One small study compared vancomycin to placebo (e.g. sugar pill). There were no other studies that compared antibiotic treatment to a placebo or a no treatment control group. Seventeen of the 22 included studies had quality issues. In four studies, vancomycin was found to be superior to metronidazole for achieving sustained symptomatic cure (defined as resolution of diarrhoea and no recurrence of CDI). We rated the quality of the evidence supporting this finding as moderate. A new antibiotic, fidaxomicin, was, in two large studies, found to be superior to vancomycin. The quality of the evidence supporting this finding was moderate. It should be noted that the differences in effectiveness between these antibiotics were not too great and that metronidazole is far less expensive than either vancomycin and fidaxomicin. A pooled analysis of two small studies suggests that teicoplanin may be more effective than vancomycin for achieving symptomatic cure. The quality of the evidence supporting this finding was very low. The quality of the evidence for the other seven antibiotics in this review was very poor because the studies were very small, and many patients dropped out of these studies before completion. One hundred and forty deaths were reported in the studies, all of which were attributed to participants preexisting health problems. The only side effects attributed to antibiotics were rare nausea and temporary elevation of liver enzymes. Recent cost data (July 2016) for a 10 day course of treatment shows that metronidazole 500 mg is the least expensive antibiotic with a cost of USD 13. Vancomycin 125 mg costs USD 1779 compared to fidaxomicin 200 mg at USD 3453.83 or more and teicoplanin at approximately USD 83.67. Conclusion No firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness of antibiotic treatment in severe CDI as most studies excluded these patients. The lack of any 'no treatment' control studies does not allow for any conclusions regarding the need for antibiotic treatment in patients with mild CDI beyond withdrawal of the antibiotic that caused CDI. Nonetheless, moderate quality evidence suggests that vancomycin is superior to metronidazole and fidaxomicin is superior to vancomycin. The differences in effectiveness between these antibiotics were not too large and the advantage of metronidazole is its far lower cost compared to the other antibiotics. The quality of evidence for teicoplanin is very low. Larger studies are needed to determine if teicoplanin performs as well as the other antibiotics. A trial comparing the two cheapest antibiotics, metronidazole and teicoplanin would be of interest.
Antibiotics for acute otitis media in children; Abstract - Background Acute otitis media (AOM) is one of the most common diseases in childhood for which antibiotics are commonly prescribed; a systematic review reported a pooled prevalence of 85.6% in high‐income countries. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in the Cochrane Library in 1997 and updated in 1999, 2005, 2009, 2013 and 2015. Objectives To assess the effects of antibiotics for children with AOM. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Current Contents, CINAHL, LILACS and two trial registers. The date of the search was 14 February 2023. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials comparing 1) antimicrobial drugs with placebo, and 2) immediate antibiotic treatment with expectant observation (including delayed antibiotic prescribing) in children with AOM. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened trials for inclusion and extracted data using the standard methodological procedures recommended by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were: 1) pain at various time points (24 hours, two to three days, four to seven days, 10 to 14 days), and 2) adverse effects likely to be related to the use of antibiotics. Secondary outcomes were: 1) abnormal tympanometry findings, 2) tympanic membrane perforation, 3) contralateral otitis (in unilateral cases), 4) AOM recurrences, 5) serious complications related to AOM and 6) long‐term effects (including the number of parent‐reported AOM symptom episodes, antibiotic prescriptions and health care utilisation as assessed at least one year after randomisation). We used the GRADE approach to rate the overall certainty of evidence for each outcome of interest. Main results Antibiotics versus placebo We included 13 trials (3401 children and 3938 AOM episodes) from high‐income countries, which we assessed at generally low risk of bias. Antibiotics do not reduce pain at 24 hours (risk ratio (RR) 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.78 to 1.01; 5 trials, 1394 children; high‐certainty evidence), or at four to seven days (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.50 to 1.14; 7 trials, 1264 children), but result in almost a third fewer children having pain at two to three days (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.88; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 20; 7 trials, 2320 children; high‐certainty evidence), and likely result in two‐thirds fewer having pain at 10 to 12 days (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.66; NNTB 7; 1 trial, 278 children; moderate‐certainty evidence). Antibiotics increase the risk of adverse events such as vomiting, diarrhoea or rash (RR 1.38, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.63; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 14; 8 trials, 2107 children; high‐certainty evidence). Antibiotics reduce the risk of children having abnormal tympanometry findings at two to four weeks (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.96; NNTB 11; 7 trials, 2138 children), slightly reduce the risk of experiencing tympanic membrane perforations (RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.89; NNTB 33; 5 trials, 1075 children) and halve the risk of contralateral otitis episodes (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.25 to 0.95; NNTB 11; 4 trials, 906 children). However, antibiotics do not reduce the risk of abnormal tympanometry findings at six to eight weeks (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.13; 3 trials, 953 children) and at three months (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.34; 3 trials, 809 children) or late AOM recurrences (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.11; 6 trials, 2200 children). Severe complications were rare, and the evidence suggests that serious complications do not differ between children treated with either antibiotics or placebo. Immediate antibiotics versus expectant observation We included six trials (1556 children) from high‐income countries. The evidence suggests that immediate antibiotics may result in a reduction of pain at two to three days (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.35 to 0.79; NNTB 8; 1 trial, 396 children; low‐certainty evidence), but probably do not reduce the risk of pain at three to seven days (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.50 to 1.12; 4 trials, 959 children; moderate‐certainty evidence), and may not reduce the risk of pain at 11 to 14 days (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.10; 1 trial, 247 children; low‐certainty evidence). Immediate antibiotics increase the risk of vomiting, diarrhoea or rash (RR 1.87, 95% CI 1.39 to 2.51; NNTH 10; 3 trials, 946 children; high‐certainty evidence). Immediate antibiotics probably do not reduce the proportion of children with abnormal tympanometry findings at four weeks and evidence suggests that immediate antibiotics may not reduce the risk of tympanic membrane perforation and AOM recurrences. No serious complications occurred in either group. Authors' conclusions This review reveals that antibiotics probably have no effect on pain at 24 hours, a slight effect on pain in the days following and only a modest effect on the number of children with tympanic perforations, contralateral otitis episodes and abnormal tympanometry findings at two to four weeks compared with placebo in children with AOM. In high‐income countries, most cases of AOM spontaneously remit without complications. The benefits of antibiotics must be weighed against the possible harms: for every 14 children treated with antibiotics, one child experienced an adverse event (such as vomiting, diarrhoea or rash) that would not have occurred if antibiotics were withheld. For most children with mild disease in high‐income countries, an expectant observational approach seems justified. Therefore, clinical management should emphasise advice about adequate analgesia and the limited role for antibiotics. Plain language summary Antibiotics for acute middle ear infection (acute otitis media) in children Key messages  In high‐income countries, most children with acute otitis media (AOM) recover spontaneously without complications, and compared with placebo antibiotics have no early effect on pain and only a slight effect on pain in the days following. Any benefits of antibiotics must be weighed against the possible harms: for every 14 children treated with antibiotics one child experienced an adverse event (such as vomiting, diarrhoea or rash) that would not have occurred if antibiotics were not given. For most children with mild disease in high‐income countries, an expectant observational approach seems justified. What is AOM?  AOM or acute middle ear infection is one of the most common diseases in early infancy and childhood, causing pain and general symptoms of illness such as fever, irritability and problems feeding and sleeping. What did we want to find out?  We wanted to find out if antibiotics are effective for relieving signs and symptoms in children with AOM. What did we do?  We searched for studies that looked at the effectiveness of antibiotics compared with placebo or expectant observation (watchful waiting) in children aged from one month to 15 years with AOM. We compared and summarised their results, and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and effect sizes. What did we find?  We found that antibiotics did not decrease the number of children with pain at 24 hours (when 60% of children recovered or improved), only slightly reduced the number of children with pain in the days following, and did not reduce the number of children with late AOM recurrences compared with placebo. However, antibiotics did slightly reduce the number of children with perforations (a rupture) of the eardrum and AOM in the initially unaffected ear compared with placebo. Antibiotics reduced the number of children with abnormal tympanometry (a test to evaluate how well the middle ear is functioning) findings at two to four weeks but not after six to eight weeks and three months. There was not enough information to know if antibiotics reduced rare complications such as mastoiditis (infection of the bones around the ear). All the studies included in this review were from high‐income countries. Data are lacking from populations in which the AOM incidence and risk of progression to mastoiditis is higher. Antibiotics caused unwanted effects such as diarrhoea, vomiting and rash. It is difficult to balance the small benefits against the small harms of antibiotics in children with AOM. However, for most children with mild disease in high‐income countries, an expectant observational approach seems justified. What are the limitations of the evidence?  From the review of antibiotics against placebo, we are confident that antibiotics have no effect on pain in the first 24 hours and only a slight effect in the days following. We are only moderately confident that antibiotics reduce pain experienced 10 to 12 days after children are initially assessed. Our confidence is moderate because only one study reported this result from a secondary analysis. We are confident that antibiotics modestly reduce the number of children with abnormal tympanometry results after two to four weeks, but that they do not reduce the risk at three months. We are confident that antibiotics increase the risk of unwanted effects. For the review of immediate antibiotics versus expectant observation, we have little confidence that immediate antibiotics reduce pain two to three days after assessment and are moderately confident that immediate antibiotics probably do not reduce pain at three to seven days. Our confidence is limited because of concerns about how some of the studies were conducted. How up‐to‐date is this evidence?  Our evidence is current to 14 February 2023. The findings of this update are consistent with previous versions of the review.
Atovaquone‐proguanil for treating uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria; Abstract - Background The World Health Organization (WHO) in 2015 stated atovaquone‐proguanil can be used in travellers, and is an option in malaria‐endemic areas in combination with artesunate, as an alternative treatment where first‐line artemisinin‐based combination therapy (ACT) is not available or effective. This review is an update of a Cochrane Review undertaken in 2005. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of atovaquone‐proguanil (alone and in combination with artemisinin drugs) versus other antimalarial drugs for treating uncomplicated  Plasmodium falciparum  malaria in adults and children. Search methods The date of the last trial search was 30 January 2020. Search locations for published trials included the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS. To include recently published and unpublished trials, we also searched ClinicalTrials.gov, the  meta Register of Controlled Trials and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform Search Portal. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting efficacy and safety data for atovaquone‐proguanil or atovaquone‐proguanil with a partner drug compared with at least one other antimalarial drug for treating uncomplicated  Plasmodium falciparum  infection. Data collection and analysis For this update, two review authors re‐extracted data and assessed certainty of evidence. We meta‐analyzed data to calculate risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for treatment failures between comparisons, and for safety outcomes between and across comparisons. Outcome measures include unadjusted treatment failures and polymerase chain reaction (PCR)‐adjusted treatment failures. PCR adjustment differentiates new infection from recrudescent infection. Main results Seventeen RCTs met our inclusion criteria providing 4763 adults and children from Africa, South‐America, and South‐East Asia. Eight trials reported PCR‐adjusted data to distinguish between new and recrudescent infection during the follow‐up period. In this abstract, we report only the comparisons against the three WHO‐recommended antimalarials which were included within these trials. There were two comparisons with artemether‐lumefantrine, one trial from 2008 in Ethiopia with 60 participants had two failures with atovaquone‐proguanil compared to none with artemether‐lumefantrine (PCR‐adjusted treatment failures at day 28). A second trial from 2012 in Colombia with 208 participants had one failure in each arm (PCR‐adjusted treatment failures at day 42). There was only one comparison with artesunate‐amodiaquine from a 2014 trial conducted in Cameroon. There were six failures with atovaquone‐proguanil at day 28 and two with artesunate‐amodiaquine (PCR‐adjusted treatment failures at day 28: 9.4% with atovaquone‐proguanil compared to 2.9% with artesunate‐amodiaquine; RR 3.19, 95% CI 0.67 to 15.22; 1 RCT, 132 participants; low‐certainty evidence), although there was a similar number of PCR‐unadjusted treatment failures (9 (14.1%) with atovaquone‐proguanil and 8 (11.8%) with artesunate‐amodiaquine; RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.49 to 2.91; 1 RCT, 132 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There were two comparisons with artesunate‐mefloquine from a 2012 trial in Colombia and a 2002 trial in Thailand where there are high levels of multi‐resistant malaria. There were similar numbers of PCR‐adjusted treatment failures between groups at day 42 (2.7% with atovaquone‐proguanil compared to 2.4% with artesunate‐mefloquine; RR 1.15, 95% CI 0.57 to 2.34; 2 RCTs, 1168 participants; high‐certainty evidence). There were also similar PCR‐unadjusted treatment failures between groups (5.3% with atovaquone‐proguanil compared to 6.6% with artesunate‐mefloquine; RR 0.8, 95% CI 0.5 to 1.3; 1 RCT, 1063 participants; low‐certainty evidence). When atovaquone‐proguanil was combined with artesunate, there were fewer treatment failures with and without PCR‐adjustment at day 28 (PCR‐adjusted treatment failures at day 28: 2.16% with atovaquone‐proguanil compared to no failures with artesunate‐atovaquone‐proguanil; RR 5.14, 95% CI 0.61 to 43.52; 2 RCTs, 375 participants, low‐certainty evidence) and day 42 (PCR‐adjusted treatment failures at day 42: 3.82% with atovaquone‐proguanil compared to 2.05% with artesunate‐atovaquone‐proguanil (RR 1.84, 95% CI 0.95 to 3.56; 2 RCTs, 1258 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). In the 2002 trial in Thailand, there were fewer treatment failures in the artesunate‐atovaquone‐proguanil group compared to the atovaquone‐proguanil group at day 42 with PCR‐adjustment. Whilst there were some small differences in which adverse events were more frequent in the atovaquone‐proguanil groups compared to comparator drugs, there were no recurrent associations to suggest that atovaquone‐proguanil is strongly associated with any specific adverse event. Authors' conclusions Atovaquone‐proguanil was effective against uncomplicated  P falciparum  malaria, although in some instances treatment failure rates were between 5% and 10%. The addition of artesunate to atovaquone‐proguanil may reduce treatment failure rates. Artesunate‐atovaquone‐proguanil and the development of parasite resistance may represent an area for further research. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of atovaquone‐proguanil for treating uncomplicated malaria caused by the  Plasmodium falciparum  parasite? What is the aim of this review? The most common, and most serious, type of malaria is caused by  Plasmodium falciparum . In its mild (uncomplicated) form, the symptoms are fever, headaches, muscle pain, and vomiting. The disease can become severe and life‐threatening if it is not treated soon enough or with the right medicines. This review aimed to find out whether atovaquone‐proguanil is effective and safe for treating uncomplicated cases of  P falciparum  malaria .  We aimed to achieve this by comparing the results of studies that had compared atovaquone‐proguanil to other malaria treatments. Key messages Atovaquone‐proguanil is as effective for treating uncomplicated  Plasmodium falciparum  malaria as artesunate‐mefloquine. It may be less effective than artemether‐lumefantrine, artesunate‐amodiaquine, and artesunate‐atovaquone‐proguanil, though more robust evidence is needed to confirm this. Side effects seem similar with atovaquone‐proguanil. What was studied in this review? The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends treating uncomplicated malaria with oral (by mouth) artemisinin‐based combination medicines (called ACTs). ACTs are not always available worldwide and, in some places,  Plasmodium falciparum  is becoming resistant to recommended treatments (the medicines stop working). We looked at the evidence about the benefits and harms of combinations of medicines that are not artemisinin‐based, but contain atovaquone‐proguanil. This is an oral treatment commonly used by people from non‐malaria areas to prevent them catching malaria when they travel to malaria areas. We wanted to find out whether it works as well for treating uncomplicated  Plasmodium falciparum  malaria as ACTs and other malaria treatments. We searched for randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared atovaquone‐proguanil against other malaria treatments. These studies provide the most robust evidence about the effects of a treatment. We compared results, summarized the evidence, and rated our confidence in the evidence. What are the main results of the review? We found 17 studies involving 4763 adults and children in Africa, South America, and South East Asia. People were followed for 28 days to one year. Fifteen studies compared atovaquone‐proguanil against 12 different antimalarial treatments (ACTs in five studies; other therapies that combined several medicines in two studies; single medicines in nine studies). Five studies compared atovaquone‐proguanil plus another medicine (artesunate or chloroquine) against atovaquone‐proguanil alone (three studies); atovaquone‐proguanil plus a different medicine (one study); a combination of therapies that did not include atovaquone‐proguanil (one study); or single medicines (two studies). In 15 studies, the researchers and people who were treated knew which medicines participants received. Pharmaceutical companies funded 10 studies. Atovaquone‐proguanil against ACTs recommended by the WHO Atovaquone‐proguanil may work less well to clear  Plasmodium   falciparum  parasites from the blood or prevent them from returning (treatment success) than artemether‐lumefantrine (rates of success compared 28 and 42 days after treatment; one study). However this evidence was based on one small study. Atovaquone‐proguanil may work as well as, or less well than, artesunate‐amodiaquine depending on whether new infections appearing after the start of treatment were counted or not (rates of success compared three and 28 days after treatment; one study). However this evidence was based on one small study of children aged under five years. When new infections after the start of treatment were excluded, there is strong evidence of little to no difference in treatment success between atovaquone‐proguanil and artesunate‐mefloquine after 42 days (two studies). When new infections were counted, atovaquone‐proguanil may be better than artesunate‐mefloquine, but this evidence was based on the imprecise results of one study. Atovaquone‐proguanil against atovaquone‐proguanil plus artesunate Compared to atovaquone‐proguanil plus artesunate, atovaquone‐proguanil may be less successful at treating uncomplicated malaria after three and 28 days, however this evidence is based on the results of two small studies. It is probably less successful at treating uncomplicated malaria after 42 days (two studies). Side effects Studies reported several side effects, such as nausea and vomiting, or headaches. Overall, they were similar between groups. How‐up‐to date is this review? The evidence is current to 30 January 2020.
Antifibrinolytics (lysine analogues) for the prevention of bleeding in people with haematological disorders; Abstract - Background People with haematological disorders are frequently at risk of severe or life‐threatening bleeding as a result of thrombocytopenia (reduced platelet count). This is despite the routine use of prophylactic platelet transfusions to prevent bleeding once the platelet count falls below a certain threshold. Platelet transfusions are not without risk and adverse events may be life‐threatening. A possible adjunct to prophylactic platelet transfusions is the use of antifibrinolytics, specifically the lysine analogues tranexamic acid (TXA) and epsilon aminocaproic acid (EACA). This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2013. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of antifibrinolytics (lysine analogues) in preventing bleeding in people with haematological disorders. Search methods We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials  (The Cochrane Library  2016, Issue 3), MEDLINE (from 1946), Embase (from 1974), CINAHL (from 1937), the Transfusion Evidence Library (from 1950) and ongoing trial databases to 07 March 2016. Selection criteria We included RCTs involving participants with haematological disorders, who would routinely require prophylactic platelet transfusions to prevent bleeding. We only included trials involving the use of the lysine analogues TXA and EACA. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened all electronically‐derived citations and abstracts of papers, identified by the review search strategy, for relevancy. Two review authors independently assessed the full text of all potentially relevant trials for eligibility, completed the data extraction and assessed the studies for risk of bias using The Cochrane Collaboration's 'Risk of bias' tool. We requested missing data from one author but the data were no longer available. The outcomes are reported narratively: we performed no meta‐analyses because of the heterogeneity of the available data. Main results We identified three new studies in this update of the review. In total seven studies were eligible for inclusion, three were ongoing RCTs and four were completed studies. The four completed studies were included in the original review and the three ongoing studies were included in this update. We did not identify any RCTs that compared TXA with EACA. Of the four completed studies, one cross‐over TXA study (eight participants) was excluded from the outcome analysis because it had very flawed study methodology. Data from the other three studies were all at unclear risk of bias due to lack of reporting of study methodology. Three studies (two TXA (12 to 56 participants), one EACA (18 participants) reported in four articles (published 1983 to 1995) were included in the narrative review. All three studies compared the drug with placebo. All three studies included adults with acute leukaemia receiving chemotherapy. One study (12 participants) only included participants with acute promyelocytic leukaemia. None of the studies included children. One of the three studies reported funding sources and this study was funded by a charity. We are uncertain whether antifibrinolytics reduce the risk of bleeding (three studies; 86 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Only one study reported the number of bleeding events per participant and there was no difference in the number of bleeding events seen during induction or consolidation chemotherapy between TXA and placebo (induction; 38 participants; mean difference (MD) 1.70 bleeding events, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.37 to 3.77: consolidation; 18 participants; MD ‐1.50 bleeding events, 95% CI ‐3.25 to 0.25; very low‐quality evidence). The two other studies suggested bleeding was reduced in the antifibrinolytic study arm, but this was statistically significant in only one of these two studies. Two studies reported thromboembolism and no events occurred (68 participants, very low‐quality evidence). All three studies reported a reduction in platelet transfusion usage (three studies, 86 participants; very low‐quality evidence), but this was reported in different ways and no meta‐analysis could be performed. No trials reported the number of platelet transfusions per participant. Only one study reported the number of platelet components per participant and there was a reduction in the number of platelet components per participant during consolidation chemotherapy but not during induction chemotherapy (consolidation; 18 participants; MD ‐5.60 platelet units, 95% CI ‐9.02 to ‐2.18: induction; 38 participants, MD ‐1.00 platelet units, 95% CI ‐9.11 to 7.11; very low‐quality evidence). Only one study reported adverse events of TXA as an outcome measure and none occurred. One study stated side effects of EACA were minimal but no further information was provided (two studies, 74 participants, very low‐quality evidence). None of the studies reported on the following pre‐specified outcomes: overall mortality, adverse events of transfusion, disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) or quality of life (QoL). Authors' conclusions Our results indicate that the evidence available for the use of antifibrinolytics in haematology patients is very limited. The trials were too small to assess whether or not antifibrinolytics decrease bleeding. No trials reported the number of platelet transfusions per participant. The trials were too small to assess whether or not antifibrinolytics increased the risk of thromboembolic events or other adverse events. There are three ongoing RCTs (1276 participants) due to be completed in 2017 and 2020. Plain language summary Antifibrinolytics (tranexamic acid and epsilon‐aminocaproic acid) to prevent bleeding in people with low platelets due to bone marrow failure Review question We evaluated the evidence about whether giving antifibrinolytics (tranexamic acid or epsilon‐aminocaproic acid) to people with a low platelet count prevents bleeding and whether these antifibrinolytics are associated with side effects. Our target population was people with haematological disorders who have a low platelet count and would usually be treated with platelet transfusions. We did not include people with immune thrombocytopenia because they are not usually treated with platelet transfusions. Background People with haematological (blood) cancers and other blood disorders (for example, aplastic anaemia) are frequently at risk of severe or life‐threatening bleeding from having low platelet counts (thrombocytopenia). This may be from bone marrow failure due to an underlying blood disorder but also from the toxic effect of treatment (chemotherapy) on the bone marrow. These people can be given prophylactic platelet transfusions (from donations) to prevent bleeding if their own platelet counts are too low. These transfusions are not without risks, ranging from mild reactions like fevers to more serious, or even life‐threatening, consequences such as infections transmitted to the patient from the transfused platelets, despite stringent attempts to prevent this. Clearly, ways to safely prevent bleeding in people with thrombocytopenia whilst also minimising exposure to transfused platelets would be welcome. One possible way of achieving these goals is the use of antifibrinolytics, known as lysine analogues: tranexamic acid (TXA) and epsilon aminocaproic acid (EACA). These medications help to stabilise the clots that form after bleeding, therefore reducing the chances of further bleeding as well as the need for transfusing platelets. There may be risks associated with the use of TXA and EACA; the most important being an increased risk of forming unwanted blood clots (such as deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which could be potentially life‐threatening. Study characteristics The evidence is current to March 2016. In this update, seven randomised controlled trials were identified. Three trials are either not yet recruiting or still recruiting participants and and have not been completed. Four randomised controlled trials with a total of 95 participants were reviewed. These trials were conducted between 1983 and 1995. Data from one of the trials (eight participants) was excluded from the outcome analysis because the conduct of the study was so flawed. All three trials (86 participants) included in the outcome analysis were of adults with acute leukaemia receiving chemotherapy. None of the studies included children. One of these three studies reported funding sources and this study was funded by a charity. Key results In people with haematological disorders who have a low platelet count and would usually be treated with platelet transfusions, we are uncertain whether antifibrinolytics decrease the risk of bleeding and the use of platelet transfusions. We are uncertain whether antifibrinolytics increase the risk of developing a clot. We are uncertain whether antifibrinolytics increases the risk of adverse events. None of the studies reported several of this review's outcomes including overall mortality, adverse events of transfusion, and quality of life. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence was very low, making it difficult to draw conclusions or make recommendations regarding the usefulness and safety of antifibrinolytics. The only evidence available is for adults with acute leukaemia receiving chemotherapy. We await the results of the three ongoing trials that are expected to recruit 1276 participants in total by 2020.
Oral aspirin for treating venous leg ulcers; Abstract - Background Venous leg ulcers (VLUs) or varicose ulcers are the final stage of chronic venous insufficiency (CVI), and are the most common type of leg ulcer. The development of VLUs on ankles and lower legs can occur spontaneously or after minor trauma. The ulcers are often painful and exudative, healing is often protracted and recurrence is common. This cycle of healing and recurrence has a considerable impact on the health and quality of life of individuals, and healthcare and socioeconomic costs. VLUs are a common and costly problem worldwide; prevalence is estimated to be between 1.65% to 1.74% in the western world and is more common in adults aged 65 years and older. The main treatment for a VLU is a firm compression bandage. Compression assists by reducing venous hypertension, enhancing venous return and reducing peripheral oedema. However, studies show that it only has moderate effects on healing, with up to 50% of VLUs unhealed after two years of compression. Non‐adherence may be the principal cause of these poor results, but presence of inflammation in people with CVI may be another factor, so a treatment that suppresses inflammation (healing ulcers more quickly) and reduces the frequency of ulcer recurrence (thereby prolonging time between recurrent episodes) would be an invaluable intervention to complement compression treatments. Oral aspirin may have a significant impact on VLU clinical practice worldwide. Evidence for the effectiveness of aspirin on ulcer healing and recurrence in high quality RCTs is currently lacking. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of oral aspirin on the healing and recurrence of venous leg ulcers. Search methods In May 2015 we searched: The Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register; The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library) ; Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations); Ovid EMBASE and EBSCO CINAHL. Additional searches were made in trial registers and reference lists of relevant publications for published or ongoing trials. There were no language or publication date restrictions. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared oral aspirin with placebo or no drug intervention (in the presence or absence of compression therapy) for treating people with venous leg ulcers. Our main outcomes were time to complete ulcer healing, rate of change in the area of the ulcer, proportion of ulcers healed in the trial period, major bleeding, pain, mortality, adverse events and ulcer recurrence (time for recurrence and proportion of recurrence). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies for inclusion, extracted data, assessed the risk of bias of each included trial and assessed overall quality of evidence for the main outcomes in the 'Summary of findings' table. Main results The electronic search located 62 studies. We included two RCTs of oral aspirin (300 mg/daily) given in addition to compression compared with compression and placebo, or compression alone. To date, the impact of aspirin on VLUs has been examined by only two randomised clinical trials, both with a small number of participants. The first RCT was conducted in the United Kingdom (n=20) and reported that daily administration of aspirin (300mg) in addition to compression bandages increased both the rate of healing, and the number of participants healed when compared to placebo in addition to compression bandaging over a four month period. Thirty‐eight per cent of the participants given aspirin reported complete healing compared with 0% in the placebo group . Improvement (assessed by reduction in wound size) occurred in 52% of the participants taking aspirin compared with 26% in those taking placebo). The study identified potential benefits of taking aspirin as an adjunct to compression but the sample size was small, and neither the mechanism by which aspirin improved healing nor its effects on recurrence were investigated. In 2012 an RCT in Spain (n=51) compared daily administration of aspirin (300mg) in addition to compression bandages with compression alone over a five month period. There was little difference in complete healing rates between groups (21/28 aspirin and 17/23 compression bandages alone) but the average time to healing was shorter (12 weeks in the treated group vs 22 weeks in the compression only group) and the average time for recurrence was longer in the aspirin group (39 days: [SD 6.0] compared with 16.3 days [SD 7.5] in the compression only group). Although this trial provides some limited data about the potential use of aspirin therapy, the sample size (only 20 patients) was too small for us to draw meaningful conclusions. In addition, patients were only followed up for 4 months and no information on placebo was reported. Authors' conclusions Low quality evidence from two trials indicate that there is currently insufficient evidence for us to draw definitive conclusions about the benefits and harms of oral aspirin on the healing and recurrence of venous leg ulcers. We downgraded the evidence to low quality due to potential selection bias and imprecision due to the small sample size. The small number of participants may have a hidden real benefit, or an increase in harm. Due to the lack of reliable evidence, we are unable to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of oral daily aspirin as an adjunct to compression in VLU healing or recurrence. Further high quality studies are needed in this area. Plain language summary Oral aspirin for venous leg ulcers Background   Venous leg ulcers (VLUs) are the most common type of leg ulcers (sores) and are caused by poor blood flow in the veins of the legs (chronic venous insufficiency). Chronic venous insufficiency leads to high blood pressure in the veins (venous hypertension), which triggers many alterations in the skin of the leg. Leg ulcers are the end stage of these alterations. VLUs can occur spontaneously or after minor trauma, they are often painful and produce heavy exudation (loss of fluid). VLUs are a major health problem because they are quite common, tend to become chronic (long‐lasting) and also have a high tendency to recur. They affect older people more frequently, have high costs of care, and a high individual and social burden for those affected. Compression therapy, in the form of a firm bandage over the leg, which aids the flow of blood in the veins, is a well‐established treatment for VLUs. However, studies show that compression has only moderate effects on healing, with up to 50% of VLUs remaining unhealed after two years of compression, possibly due to a prolonged inflammation process. A better understanding of the degenerative changes in the skin of the leg in people with VLUs and the chronic inflammation process involved in them, has led researchers to test different medicines that could improve the treatment of this condition. Aspirin has some well‐known properties including: pain relief (analgesic), reducing inflammation and fever, and stopping blood cells from clumping together, which prevents formation of blood clots. Aspirin therapy may improve time to healing and decrease the number of recurrent VLU episodes. If proved effective, the low cost of aspirin therapy as an adjunct to compression would make it an affordable preventive agent for people with VLUs in all countries. Review question What are the benefits and harms of oral aspirin on the healing and recurrence of venous leg ulcers. What we found We identified only two randomised controlled trials that compared oral aspirin (300mg daily) plus compression with compression and placebo, or compression alone. One study conducted in UK included 20 participants (ten in the aspirin group and ten in the control group) and followed people for four months. This trial reported that the ulcer area had reduced (by 6.5 cm², a 39.4% reduction) in the aspirin group compared with no reduction in ulcer area in the control group, and that a higher proportion of the ulcers (38%) in the aspirin group had completely healed compared with none in the control group. Recurrence was not investigated in this study. Another study conducted in Spain included 51 participants (23 in the aspirin group and 28 in the control group) and followed people until their ulcers had healed. The study reported that the average time for healing was 12 weeks in the aspirin group and 22 weeks in the control group, and that there was no real difference between the proportion of people with ulcers healed (17 (74%) out 23 people in the aspirin group and 21 (75%) out 28 people in the control group). The average time for recurrence was longer in the aspirin group (39 days) compared with (16.3 days) in group of compression alone. Adverse events were not reported in either trial. We considered these two studies too small and low quality for us to draw definitive conclusions about the benefits and harms of oral aspirin on the healing and recurrence of venous leg ulcers. The UK study provides only limited data about the potential benefits of daily oral aspirin therapy with compression due to a small sample size of only 20 participants and short follow up. The Spanish study provides limited data on 51 participants comparing aspirin and compression to a control group. The fact that no information was reported regarding placebo in the control group means the estimate of effect is uncertain. Further high quality studies are needed in this area. This plain language summary is up to date as of 27 May 2015.
Cannabis for the treatment of Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Crohn's disease (CD) is a chronic immune‐mediated condition of transmural inflammation in the gastrointestinal tract, associated with significant morbidity and decreased quality of life. The endocannabinoid system provides a potential therapeutic target for cannabis and cannabinoids and animal models have shown benefit in decreasing inflammation. However, there is also evidence to suggest transient adverse events such as weakness, dizziness and diarrhea, and an increased risk of surgery in people with CD who use cannabis. Objectives The objectives were to assess the efficacy and safety of cannabis and cannabinoids for induction and maintenance of remission in people with CD. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, Embase, AMED, PsychINFO, the Cochrane IBD Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL, ClinicalTrials.Gov, and the European Clinical Trials Register up to 17 October 2018. We searched conference abstracts, references and we also contacted researchers in this field for upcoming publications. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing any form of cannabis or its cannabinoid derivatives (natural or synthetic) to placebo or an active therapy for adults with Crohn’s disease were included. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened search results, extracted data and assessed bias using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The primary outcomes were clinical remission and relapse. Remission is commonly defined as a Crohn's disease activity index (CDAI) of  <  150. Relapse is defined as a CDAI > 150. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, endoscopic remission, endoscopic improvement, histological improvement, quality of life, C‐reactive protein (CRP) and fecal calprotectin measurements, adverse events (AEs), serious AEs, withdrawal due to AEs, and cannabis dependence and withdrawal effects. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and corresponding 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for dichotomous outcomes. For continuous outcomes, we calculated the mean difference (MD) and 95% CI. Data were combined for analysis when the interventions, patient groups and outcomes were sufficiently similar (determined by consensus). Data were analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis and the overall certainty of the evidence supporting the outcomes was evaluated using the GRADE criteria. Main results Three studies (93 participants) that assessed cannabis in people with active CD met the inclusion criteria. One ongoing study was also identified. Participants in two of the studies were adults with active Crohn's disease who had failed at least one medical treatment. The inclusion criteria for the third study were unclear. No studies that assessed cannabis therapy in quiescent CD were identified. The studies were not pooled due to differences in the interventional drug. One small study (N = 21) compared eight weeks of treatment with cannabis cigarettes containing 115 mg of D9‐tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) to placebo cigarettes containing cannabis with the THC removed in participants with active CD. This study was rated as high risk of bias for blinding and other bias (cannabis participants were older than placebo). The effects of cannabis on clinical remission were unclear. Forty‐five per cent (5/11) of the cannabis group achieved clinical remission compared with 10% (1/10) of the placebo group (RR 4.55, 95% CI 0.63 to 32.56; very low certainty evidence). A difference was observed in clinical response (decrease in CDAI score of >100 points) rates. Ninety‐one per cent (10/11) of the cannabis group achieved a clinical response compared to 40% (4/10) of the placebo group (RR 2.27, 95% CI 1.04 to 4.97; very low certainty evidence). More AEs were observed in the cannabis cigarette group compared to placebo (RR 4.09, 95% CI 1.15 to 14.57; very low certainty evidence). These AEs were considered to be mild in nature and included sleepiness, nausea, difficulty with concentration, memory loss, confusion and dizziness. This study did not report on serious AEs or withdrawal due to AEs. One small study (N = 22) compared cannabis oil (5% cannabidiol) to placebo oil in people with active CD. This study was rated as high risk of bias for other bias (cannabis participants were more likely than placebo participants to be smokers). There was no difference in clinical remission rates. Forty per cent (4/10) of cannabis oil participants achieved remission at 8 weeks compared to 33% (3/9) of the placebo participants (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.36 to 3.97; very low certainty evidence). There was no difference in the proportion of participants who had a serious adverse event. Ten per cent (1/10) of participants in the cannabis oil group had a serious adverse event compared to 11% (1/9) of placebo participants (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.07 to 12.38, very low certainty evidence). Both serious AEs were worsening Crohn's disease that required rescue intervention. This study did not report on clinical response, CRP, quality of life or withdrawal due to AEs. One small study (N= 50) compared cannabis oil (15% cannabidiol and 4% THC) to placebo in participants with active CD. This study was rated as low risk of bias. Differences in CDAI and quality of life scores measured by the SF‐36 instrument were observed. The mean quality of life score after 8 weeks of treatment was 96.3 in the cannabis oil group compared to 79.9 in the placebo group (MD 16.40, 95% CI 5.72 to 27.08, low certainty evidence). After 8 weeks of treatment, the mean CDAI score was118.6 in the cannabis oil group compared to 212.6 in the placebo group (MD ‐94.00, 95%CI ‐148.86 to ‐39.14, low certainty evidence). This study did not report on clinical remission, clinical response, CRP or AEs. Authors' conclusions The effects of cannabis and cannabis oil on Crohn's disease are uncertain. Thus no firm conclusions regarding the efficacy and safety of cannabis and cannabis oil in adults with active Crohn's disease can be drawn. The effects of cannabis or cannabis oil in quiescent Crohn's disease have not been investigated. Further studies with larger numbers of participants are required to assess the potential benefits and harms of cannabis in Crohn's disease. Future studies should assess the effects of cannabis in people with active and quiescent Crohn's disease. Different doses of cannabis and delivery modalities should be investigated. Plain language summary Cannabis and cannabis oil for the treatment of Crohn's disease What is Crohn's disease? Crohn’s disease is a long‐term condition that results in inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract, occurring anywhere from the mouth to the anus. Common symptoms include fever, diarrhoea, abdominal pain and weight loss. Crohn's disease is characterized by periods of relapse when people are actively experiencing symptoms and periods of remission when the symptoms stop. What are Cannabis and Cannabinoids? Cannabis is a widely used drug which acts on the endocannabinoid system. Cannabis contains multiple components called cannabinoids. The use of cannabis and cannabis oil containing specific cannabinoids produces mental and physical effects such as altered sensory perception and euphoria when consumed. Some cannabinoids, such as cannabidiol, do not have a psychoactive effect. Cannabis and cannabidiol have some anti‐inflammatory properties that might help people with Crohn's disease. What did the researchers investigate? The researchers studied whether cannabis is better than placebo (e.g. a sugar pill) therapy for treating adults with active Crohn's disease or Crohn's disease that is in remission. What did the researchers find? The researchers extensively searched the literature up to 17 October 2018 and found three studies (93 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. One ongoing study was also identified. All of the studies were small in size and had some quality issues. One small study (21 participants) compared eight weeks of treatment with cannabis cigarettes containing 115 mg of D9‐tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) to placebo cigarettes containing cannabis with the THC removed in participants with active Crohn's disease who had failed at least one medical treatment. Although no difference in clinical remission rates was observed, more participants in the cannabis group had improvement in their Crohn's disease symptoms than participants in the placebo group. More side effects were observed in the cannabis cigarette group compared to placebo. These side effects were considered to be mild in nature and included sleepiness, nausea, difficulty with concentration, memory loss, confusion and dizziness. Participants in the cannabis cigarette group reported improvements in pain, appetite and satisfaction with treatment. One small study (22 participants) compared cannabis oil (10 mg of cannabidiol twice daily) to placebo oil (i.e. olive oil) in participants with active Crohn's disease who had failed at least one medical treatment. No difference in clinical remission rates was observed. There was no difference in serious side effects. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn's disease in one participant in each group. One small study (50 participants) compared cannabis oil (composed of 15% cannabidiol and 4% THC) to placebo oil in participants with active Crohn's disease. Positive differences in quality of life and the Crohn's disease activity index were observed. Conclusions The effects of cannabis and cannabis oil on Crohn's disease are uncertain. No firm conclusions regarding the benefits and harms (e.g. side effects) of cannabis and cannabis oil in adults with Crohn's disease can be drawn. The effects of cannabis and cannabis oil in people with Crohn's disease in remission have not been investigated. Further studies with larger numbers of participants are required to assess the potential benefits and harms of cannabis in Crohn's disease. Future studies should assess the effects of cannabis in people with active and inactive Crohn's disease. Different doses of cannabis and formulations (e.g. cannabis oil or pills) should be investigated.
Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra assays for screening for pulmonary tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in adults, irrespective of signs or symptoms; Abstract - Background Tuberculosis is a leading cause of infectious disease‐related death and is one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends the use of specific rapid molecular tests, including Xpert MTB/RIF or Xpert Ultra, as initial diagnostic tests for the detection of tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in people with signs and symptoms of tuberculosis. However, the WHO estimates that nearly one‐third of all active tuberculosis cases go undiagnosed and unreported. We were interested in whether a single test, Xpert MTB/RIF or Xpert Ultra, could be useful as a screening test to close this diagnostic gap and improve tuberculosis case detection. Objectives To estimate the accuracy of Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra for screening for pulmonary tuberculosis in adults, irrespective of signs or symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis in high‐risk groups and in the general population. Screening "irrespective of signs or symptoms" refers to screening of people who have not been assessed for the presence of tuberculosis symptoms (e.g. cough). To estimate the accuracy of Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra for detecting rifampicin resistance in adults screened for tuberculosis, irrespective of signs and symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis in high‐risk groups and in the general population. Search methods We searched 12 databases including the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, MEDLINE and Embase, on 19 March 2020 without language restrictions. We also reviewed reference lists of included articles and related Cochrane Reviews, and contacted researchers in the field to identify additional studies. Selection criteria Cross‐sectional and cohort studies in which adults (15 years and older) in high‐risk groups (e.g. people living with HIV, household contacts of people with tuberculosis) or in the general population were screened for pulmonary tuberculosis using Xpert MTB/RIF or Xpert Ultra. For tuberculosis detection, the reference standard was culture. For rifampicin resistance detection, the reference standards were culture‐based drug susceptibility testing and line probe assays. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data using a standardized form and assessed risk of bias and applicability using QUADAS‐2. We used a bivariate random‐effects model to estimate pooled sensitivity and specificity with 95% credible intervals (CrIs) separately for tuberculosis detection and rifampicin resistance detection. We estimated all models using a Bayesian approach. For tuberculosis detection, we first estimated screening accuracy in distinct high‐risk groups, including people living with HIV, household contacts, people residing in prisons, and miners, and then in several high‐risk groups combined. Main results We included a total of 21 studies: 18 studies (13,114 participants) evaluated Xpert MTB/RIF as a screening test for pulmonary tuberculosis and one study (571 participants) evaluated both Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra. Three studies (159 participants) evaluated Xpert MTB/RIF for rifampicin resistance. Fifteen studies (75%) were conducted in high tuberculosis burden and 16 (80%) in high TB/HIV‐burden countries. We judged most studies to have low risk of bias in all four QUADAS‐2 domains and low concern for applicability. Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra as screening tests for pulmonary tuberculosis In people living with HIV (12 studies), Xpert MTB/RIF pooled sensitivity and specificity (95% CrI) were 61.8% (53.6 to 69.9) (602 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and 98.8% (98.0 to 99.4) (4173 participants; high‐certainty evidence). Of 1000 people where 50 have tuberculosis on culture, 40 would be Xpert MTB/RIF‐positive; of these, 9 (22%) would not have tuberculosis (false‐positives); and 960 would be Xpert MTB/RIF‐negative; of these, 19 (2%) would have tuberculosis (false‐negatives). In people living with HIV (1 study), Xpert Ultra sensitivity and specificity (95% CI) were 69% (57 to 80) (68 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) and 98% (97 to 99) (503 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Of 1000 people where 50 have tuberculosis on culture, 53 would be Xpert Ultra‐positive; of these, 19 (36%) would not have tuberculosis (false‐positives); and 947 would be Xpert Ultra‐negative; of these, 16 (2%) would have tuberculosis (false‐negatives). In non‐hospitalized people in high‐risk groups (5 studies), Xpert MTB/RIF pooled sensitivity and specificity were 69.4% (47.7 to 86.2) (337 participants, low‐certainty evidence) and 98.8% (97.2 to 99.5) (8619 participants, moderate‐certainty evidence). Of 1000 people where 10 have tuberculosis on culture, 19 would be Xpert MTB/RIF‐positive; of these, 12 (63%) would not have tuberculosis (false‐positives); and 981 would be Xpert MTB/RIF‐negative; of these, 3 (0%) would have tuberculosis (false‐negatives). We did not identify any studies using Xpert MTB/RIF or Xpert Ultra for screening in the general population. Xpert MTB/RIF as a screening test for rifampicin resistance Xpert MTB/RIF sensitivity was 81% and 100% (2 studies, 20 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), and specificity was 94% to 100%, (3 studies, 139 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Of the high‐risks groups evaluated, Xpert MTB/RIF applied as a screening test was accurate for tuberculosis in high tuberculosis burden settings. Sensitivity and specificity were similar in people living with HIV and non‐hospitalized people in high‐risk groups. In people living with HIV, Xpert Ultra sensitivity was slightly higher than that of Xpert MTB/RIF and specificity similar. As there was only one study of Xpert Ultra in this analysis, results should be interpreted with caution. There were no studies that evaluated the tests in people with diabetes mellitus and other groups considered at high‐risk for tuberculosis, or in the general population. Plain language summary How accurate are sputum Xpert tests for screening for active pulmonary tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in adults whether or not they have tuberculosis symptoms? Why is using Xpert tests to screen for pulmonary tuberculosis important? Tuberculosis is the leading cause of infectious disease‐related death and one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends using specific rapid tests as initial tests for diagnosing tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in people with signs and symptoms of tuberculosis. However, the WHO estimates that nearly one‐third of all active tuberculosis cases go undiagnosed and unreported. Not recognizing tuberculosis when it is present (a false negative test result) may result in illness and death and an increased risk of infecting others. An incorrect diagnosis of tuberculosis (false‐positive result) may mean that people are given antibiotics when there is no benefit to be gained. What is the aim of this review? To estimate the accuracy of Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra as screening tests for pulmonary tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in adults whether or not they have tuberculosis symptoms (such as cough, fever, weight loss, and night sweats). We were interested in how the tests worked in groups at high risk for tuberculosis, including people living with HIV (PLHIV), household contacts of people with tuberculosis, miners, people residing in prisons, people with diabetes, and in the general public. What was studied in this review? Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra are rapid tests for simultaneously diagnosing tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance. We combined study results to determine: ‐ sensitivity: people with tuberculosis (rifampicin resistance) correctly diagnosed as having the condition. ‐ specificity: people without tuberculosis (rifampicin resistance) correctly identified as not having the condition. The closer sensitivity and specificity are to 100%, the better the test. What are the main results in this review? Twenty‐one studies: 18 studies (13,114 participants) evaluated Xpert MTB/RIF as a screening test for pulmonary tuberculosis and one study (571 participants) evaluated both Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra. Three studies (159 participants) evaluated Xpert MTB/RIF for rifampicin resistance. For every 1000 people tested, if 50 had tuberculosis according to the reference standard: PLHIV ‐ Xpert MTB/RIF (12 studies): · 40 people would test positive, including 9 without tuberculosis (62% sensitivity) · 960 people would test negative, including 19 with tuberculosis (99% specificity) ‐ Xpert Ultra (1 study): · 53 people would test positive, including 19 without tuberculosis (69% sensitivity) · 947 people would test negative, including 16 with tuberculosis (98% specificity) For every 1000 people tested, if 10 had tuberculosis according to the reference standard: Other high‐risk groups combined ‐ Xpert MTB/RIF (5 studies): · 19 people would test positive, including 12 without tuberculosis (69% sensitivity) · 981 people would test negative, including 3 with tuberculosis (99% specificity) For detection of rifampicin resistance, Xpert MTB/RIF sensitivity was 81% and 100% (2 studies) and specificity was 94% to 100% (3 studies). How reliable are the results of the studies in this review? In the included studies, the reference standards for diagnosing pulmonary tuberculosis (culture) and rifampicin resistance (drug susceptibility testing) are likely to have been reliable methods for deciding whether patients really had the conditions. We were fairly confident in the results for Xpert MTB/RIF in PLHIV, and less so for other high‐risk groups. Not enough people have been studied to be confident about the results for Xpert Ultra or for detection of rifampicin resistance. Who do the results of this review apply to? Studies were mainly performed in high tuberculosis and high HIV burden settings. No studies evaluated the tests in people with diabetes mellitus or the general population. What are the implications of this review? In PLHIV, Xpert MTB/RIF as a screening test was accurate for tuberculosis in high tuberculosis burden settings. In high‐risk groups, Xpert MTB/RIF may assist in identifying tuberculosis, but the certainty of evidence is low. In PLHIV, Xpert Ultra sensitivity was slightly higher than that of Xpert MTB/RIF and specificity similar based on one study. There were few studies and few people tested for rifampicin resistance and no studies that evaluated the tests in people with diabetes or in the general population. How up‐to‐date is this review? 19 March 2020.
Transfusion of red blood cells stored for shorter versus longer duration for all conditions; Abstract - Background Red blood cell (RBC) transfusion is a common treatment for anaemia in many conditions. The safety and efficacy of transfusing RBC units that have been stored for different durations before a transfusion is a current concern. The duration of storage for a RBC unit can be up to 42 days. If evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCT) were to indicate that clinical outcomes are affected by storage duration, the implications for inventory management and clinical practice would be significant. Objectives To assess the effects of using red blood cells (RBCs) stored for a shorter versus a longer duration, or versus RBCs stored for standard practice duration, in people requiring a RBC transfusion. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, PubMed (for epublications), LILACS, Transfusion Evidence Library, Web of Science CPCI‐S and four international clinical trial registries on 20 November 2017. Selection criteria We included RCTs that compared transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration, or versus standard practice storage duration. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Main results We included 22 trials (42,835 participants) in this review. The GRADE quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate for our primary outcome of in‐hospital and short‐term mortality reported at different time points. Transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration Eleven trials (2249 participants) compared transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration. Two trials enrolled low birth weight neonates, two enrolled children with severe anaemia secondary to malaria or sickle cell disease, and eight enrolled adults across a range of clinical settings (intensive care, cardiac surgery, major elective surgery, hospitalised in‐patients, haematology outpatients). We judged only two trials to be at low risk of bias across all domains; most trials had an unclear risk for multiple domains. Transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration probably leads to little or no difference in mortality at seven‐day follow‐up (risk ratio (RR) 1.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 3.06; 1 trial, 3098 participants; moderate quality evidence) or 30‐day follow‐up (RR 0.85, 95%CI 0.50 to 1.45; 2 trials, 1121 participants; moderate quality evidence) in adults undergoing major elective cardiac or non‐cardiac surgery. For neonates ,  no studies reported on the primary outcome of in‐hospital or short‐term mortality. At 40 weeks gestational age, the effect of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration on the risk of death was uncertain, as the quality of evidence is very low (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.85; 1 trial, 52 participants). The effect of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration on the risk of death in children with severe anaemia was also uncertain within 24 hours of transfusion (RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.43 to 5.25; 2 trials, 364 participants; very low quality evidence), or at 30‐day follow‐up (RR 1.40, 95% CI 0.45 to 4.31; 1 trial, 290 participants; low quality evidence). Only one trial, in children with severe anaemia (290 participants), reported adverse transfusion reactions. Only one child in each arm experienced an adverse reaction within 24 hours of transfusion. Transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus standard practice storage duration Eleven trials (40,588 participants) compared transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus standard practice storage duration. Three trials enrolled critically ill term neonates; two of these enrolled very low birth weight neonates. There were no trials in children. Eight trials enrolled critically ill and non‐critically ill adults ,  with most being hospitalised. We judged four trials to be at low risk of bias across all domains with the others having an unclear risk of bias across multiple domains. Transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus standard practice storage duration probably leads to little or no difference in adult in‐hospital mortality (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.14; 4 trials, 25,704 participants; moderate quality evidence), ICU mortality (RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.15; 3 trials, 13,066 participants; moderate quality evidence), or 30‐day mortality (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.13; 4 trials, 7510 participants;moderate quality evidence). Two of the three trials that enrolled neonates reported that there were no adverse transfusion reactions. One trial reported an isolated case of cytomegalovirus infection in participants assigned to the standard practice storage duration group. Two trials in critically ill adults reported data on transfusion reactions: one observed no difference in acute transfusion reactions between arms (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.19 to 2.36, 2413 participants), but the other observed more febrile nonhaemolytic reactions in the shorter storage duration arm (RR 1.48, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.95, 4919 participants). Trial sequential analysis showed that we may now have sufficient evidence to reject a 5% relative risk increase or decrease of death within 30 days when transfusing RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration across all patient groups. Authors' conclusions The effect of storage duration on clinically important outcomes has now been investigated in large, high quality RCTs, predominantly in adults. There appears to be no evidence of an effect on mortality that is related to length of storage of transfused RBCs. However, the quality of evidence in neonates and children is low. The current practice in blood banks of using the oldest available RBCs can be continued safely. Additional RCTs are not required, but research using alternative study designs, should focus on particular subgroups (e.g. those requiring multiple RBC units) and on factors affecting RBC quality. Plain language summary Transfusion of red blood cells stored for a shorter duration versus red blood cells stored for a longer duration for all conditions Review question In people needing a blood transfusion, is it better to give blood that has been stored for a shorter time compared to a longer time? Background After donation, red blood cells (blood) can be stored for up to 42 days before being transfused to a person in need of a blood transfusion. It is not known whether blood stored for this long might be harmful, particularly in vulnerable patient groups, such as those needing intensive care. Study characteristics We investigated the consequences of giving transfusions of: ‐ blood stored for a shorter duration versus blood stored for a longer duration, and ‐ blood stored for a shorter duration versus blood stored for a standard length of time ('standard practice storage duration'; this period varies between hospitals) to anyone needing a blood transfusion. We searched the medical literature to 20 November 2017. We identified 22 studies, which included a range of 42,835 participants (newborn babies less than 4 weeks old (neonates), children, and adults). Eleven studies (2249 participants) compared transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration versus transfusion of blood stored for a longer duration, and the other 11 studies (40,588 participants) compared transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration versus transfusion of standard practice storage duration blood. Quality of evidence We assessed the quality of evidence for our results, which ranged from very low to moderate quality. These judgements are based on the number of trials and participants contributing data to each result, how similar the results were between trials, and the reliability of the trial methods used. Future research is highly likely to change the findings of results judged to be of very low quality, but is less likely to change the findings of other results, such as risk of death, for which we rated the evidence as moderate. Key results  Transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration versus blood stored for a longer duration Eight studies focused on adults, two on children with severe anaemia (low blood count) and two on low birth weight neonates. In adults undergoing major surgery, transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration versus blood stored for a longer duration probably leads to little or no difference in risk of death up to 30 days but the quality of evidence is moderate. In children we were uncertain whether transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration increases or decreases risk of death, because the quality of the evidence is very low. Transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration versus standard practice storage duration blood Eight studies focused on adults, most of whom were in hospital. Three studies enrolled critically ill neonates. Transfusion of blood of shorter storage duration versus blood of standard practice storage duration probably leads to little or no difference in risk of death in adults in the 30 days after transfusion. Whether transfusion of blood of shorter storage duration increases or decreases risk of death in critically ill neonates up to 30 days after transfusion is uncertain because the quality of evidence is very low. Two studies in critically ill adults provided information on adverse reactions to transfusion, but had conflicting results. While one study found more transfusions associated with fever in the participants who received blood stored for a shorter duration than those who received standard practice storage duration blood, another study found no differences between the two groups. Conclusion We observed no clear difference in the risk of death at different time points between transfusion of blood stored for a shorter duration versus blood stored for a longer duration or versus blood stored for the standard practice storage duration.
Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests for leptospirosis; Abstract - Background Early diagnosis of leptospirosis may contribute to the effectiveness of antimicrobial therapy and early outbreak recognition. Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests have the potential for early diagnosis of leptospirosis. With this systematic review, we assessed the sensitivity and specificity of nucleic acid and antigen detection tests. Objectives To determine the diagnostic test accuracy of nucleic acid and antigen detection tests for the diagnosis of human symptomatic leptospirosis. Search methods We searched electronic databases including MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and regional databases from inception to 6 July 2018. We did not apply restrictions to language or time of publication. Selection criteria We included diagnostic cross‐sectional studies and case‐control studies of tests that made use of nucleic acid and antigen detection methods in people suspected of systemic leptospirosis. As reference standards, we considered the microscopic agglutination test alone (which detects antibodies against leptospirosis) or in a composite reference standard with culturing or other serological tests. Studies were excluded when the controls were healthy individuals or when there were insufficient data to calculate sensitivity and specificity. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently extracted data from each study. We used the revised Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies tool (QUADAS‐2) to assess risk of bias. We calculated study‐specific values for sensitivity and specificity with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and pooled the results in a meta‐analysis when appropriate. We used the bivariate model for index tests with one positivity threshold, and we used the hierarchical summary receiver operating characteristic model for index tests with multiple positivity thresholds. As possible sources of heterogeneity, we explored: timing of index test, disease prevalence, blood sample type, primers or target genes, and the real‐time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) visualisation method. These were added as covariates to the meta‐regression models. Main results We included 41 studies evaluating nine index tests (conventional PCR (in short: PCR), real‐time PCR, nested PCR, PCR performed twice, loop‐mediated isothermal amplification, enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), dot‐ELISA, immunochromatography‐based lateral flow assay, and dipstick assay) with 5981 participants (1834 with and 4147 without leptospirosis). Methodological quality criteria were often not reported, and the risk of bias of the reference standard was generally considered high. The applicability of findings was limited by the frequent use of frozen samples. We conducted meta‐analyses for the PCR and the real‐time PCR on blood products. The pooled sensitivity of the PCR was 70% (95% CI 37% to 90%) and the pooled specificity was 95% (95% CI 75% to 99%). When studies with a high risk of bias in the reference standard domain were excluded, the pooled sensitivity was 87% (95% CI 44% to 98%) and the pooled specificity was 97% (95% CI 60% to 100%). For the real‐time PCR, we estimated a summary receiver operating characteristic curve. To illustrate, a point on the curve with 85% specificity had a sensitivity of 49% (95% CI 30% to 68%). Likewise, at 90% specificity, sensitivity was 40% (95% CI 24% to 59%) and at 95% specificity, sensitivity was 29% (95% CI 15% to 49%). The median specificity of real‐time PCR on blood products was 92%. We did not formally compare the diagnostic test accuracy of PCR and real‐time PCR, as direct comparison studies were lacking. Three of 15 studies analysing PCR on blood products reported the timing of sample collection in the studies included in the meta‐analyses (range 1 to 7 days postonset of symptoms), and nine out of 16 studies analysing real‐time PCR on blood products (range 1 to 19 days postonset of symptoms). In PCR studies, specificity was lower in settings with high leptospirosis prevalence. Other investigations of heterogeneity did not identify statistically significant associations. Two studies suggested that PCR and real‐time PCR may be more sensitive on blood samples collected early in the disease stage. Results of other index tests were described narratively. Authors' conclusions The validity of review findings are limited and should be interpreted with caution. There is a substantial between‐study variability in the accuracy of PCR and real‐time PCR, as well as a substantial variability in the prevalence of leptospirosis. Consequently, the position of PCR and real‐time PCR in the clinical pathway depends on regional considerations such as disease prevalence, factors that are likely to influence accuracy, and downstream consequences of test results. There is insufficient evidence to conclude which of the nucleic acid and antigen detection tests is the most accurate. There is preliminary evidence that PCR and real‐time PCR are more sensitive on blood samples collected early in the disease stage, but this needs to be confirmed in future studies. Plain language summary How accurate are nucleic and antigen detection tests in diagnosing leptospirosis? What was studied in this review? Leptospirosis is an infectious disease, caused by bacteria called  Leptospira  that can be found in soil, freshwater, or in the infected urine of certain animals. It is mainly a problem in humid, tropical countries in Southeast Asia, and Central and South America, but it can also occur in temperate regions. Leptospirosis causes fever and headache, and in some cases kidney, lung, or heart problems. Often, the symptoms are not unique for the disease, which makes it difficult to diagnose, and is therefore frequently missed. Laboratory tests confirm diagnosis. These tests are based on demonstration of the presence of  Leptospira , its DNA, or antibodies against  Leptospira . Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests, such as conventional polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and real‐time PCR, identify the bacterium or its DNA directly in blood or urine. Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests may detect  Leptospira  better in the early days of an infection, so that people can be treated earlier with antibiotics – resulting in better outcomes – and can provide useful information in outbreak situations. In outbreak situations, nucleic acid and antigen detection tests could serve as early warning systems. What was the aim of this review? The aim was to assess how well nucleic acid and antigen tests perform in detecting leptospirosis. In other words, to assess how many mistakes these tests make by either missing people with leptospirosis or misidentifying people without leptospirosis (healthy people or people with another disease). What were the main results in this review? The review included information from 41 studies with 5981 participants. We identified nine nucleic acid and antigen detection tests, of which PCR and real‐time PCR were most often investigated. An important finding was that the accuracy of both PCR and real‐time PCR varied strongly between studies. We presented average accuracies for both tests, but there was great uncertainty around these averages. PCR often correctly identified people without leptospirosis (averaging 95 in 100 people), but frequently missed people with leptospirosis (averaging 30 in 100 people). The accuracy of the real‐time PCR depended on the cut‐off value for a positive test result. At a cut‐off value where real‐time PCR often correctly identified people without leptospirosis (averaging 95 in 100 people), it also frequently missed people with leptospirosis (averaging 71 in 100 people). If a person tests positive or negative for PCR or real‐time PCR, the chance of the person actually having the disease depends on whether the suspicion of leptospirosis in that person was already high before taking the test. So, when interpreting the results of any of these tests, one must consider the strength of suspicion of leptospirosis in an individual, and how often leptospirosis occurs in the setting in which the test will be used. It was uncertain whether PCR or real‐time PCR performed better in detecting leptospirosis, since studies directly comparing these two tests were lacking. The results of other nucleic and antigen detection tests are described in the main text of the review. How reliable were the results of the studies in this review? Not all studies were conducted according to the highest scientific standards. This means that the results of some studies may have been overestimated or underestimated. Furthermore, the tests used to verify whether a person truly had leptospirosis or not (called the reference standard) may not accurately distinguish people with or without leptospirosis. For these reasons, more high‐quality studies are needed to confirm the reliability of these results. Who do the results of this review apply to? The results may apply to people who may have leptospirosis. However, the performance of the PCR and real‐time PCR vary considerably among studies and it is yet unclear what causes this difference in performances. It is probable that the test performs better or worse depending on how prevalent leptospirosis is in the region, and depending on the time between the onset of symptoms and time of testing. Therefore, it is difficult to generalise the results of this review to all settings. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to 6 July 2018.
Interventions for preventing upper gastrointestinal bleeding in people admitted to intensive care units; Abstract - Background Upper gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding due to stress ulcers contributes to increased morbidity and mortality in people admitted to intensive care units (ICUs). Stress ulceration refers to GI mucosal injury related to the stress of being critically ill. ICU patients with major bleeding as a result of stress ulceration might have mortality rates approaching 48.5% to 65%. However, the incidence of stress‐induced GI bleeding in ICUs has decreased, and not all critically ill patients need prophylaxis. Stress ulcer prophylaxis can result in adverse events such as ventilator‐associated pneumonia; therefore, it is necessary to evaluate strategies that safely decrease the incidence of GI bleeding. Objectives To assess the effect and risk‐benefit profile of interventions for preventing upper GI bleeding in people admitted to ICUs. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 23 August 2017, using relevant search terms: MEDLINE; Embase; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; Latin American Caribbean Health Sciences Literature; and the Cochrane Upper Gastrointestinal and Pancreatic Disease Group Specialised Register, as published in the Cochrane Library (2017, Issue 8). We searched the reference lists of all included studies and those from relevant systematic reviews and meta‐analyses to identify additional studies. We also searched the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform search portal and contacted individual researchers working in this field, as well as organisations and pharmaceutical companies, to identify unpublished and ongoing studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs with participants of any age and gender admitted to ICUs for longer than 48 hours. We excluded studies in which participants were admitted to ICUs primarily for the management of GI bleeding and studies that compared different doses, routes, and regimens of one drug in the same class because we were not interested in intraclass effects of drugs. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures as recommended by Cochrane. Main results We identified 2292 unique records.We included 129 records reporting on 121 studies, including 12 ongoing studies and two studies awaiting classification. We judged the overall risk of bias of two studies as low. Selection bias was the most relevant risk of bias domain across the included studies, with 78 studies not clearly reporting the method used for random sequence generation. Reporting bias was the domain with least risk of bias, with 12 studies not reporting all outcomes that researchers intended to investigate. Any intervention versus placebo or no prophylaxis In comparison with placebo, any intervention seems to have a beneficial effect on the occurrence of upper GI bleeding (risk ratio (RR) 0.47, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39 to 0.57; moderate certainty of evidence). The use of any intervention reduced the risk of upper GI bleeding by 10% (95% CI ‐12.0% to ‐7%). The effect estimate of any intervention versus placebo or no prophylaxis with respect to the occurrence of nosocomial pneumonia, all‐cause mortality in the ICU, duration of ICU stay, duration of intubation (all with low certainty of evidence), the number of participants requiring blood transfusions (moderate certainty of evidence), and the units of blood transfused was consistent with benefits and harms. None of the included studies explicitly reported on serious adverse events. Individual interventions versus placebo or no prophylaxis In comparison with placebo or no prophylaxis, antacids, H2 receptor antagonists, and sucralfate were effective in preventing upper GI bleeding in ICU patients. Researchers found that with H2 receptor antagonists compared with placebo or no prophylaxis, 11% less developed upper GI bleeding (95% CI ‐0.16 to ‐0.06; RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.36 to 0.70; 24 studies; 2149 participants; moderate certainty of evidence). Of ICU patients taking antacids versus placebo or no prophylaxis, 9% less developed upper GI bleeding (95% CI ‐0.17 to ‐0.00; RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.25 to 0.99; eight studies; 774 participants; low certainty of evidence). Among ICU patients taking sucralfate versus placebo or no prophylaxis, 5% less had upper GI bleeding (95% CI ‐0.10 to ‐0.01; RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.88; seven studies; 598 participants; moderate certainty of evidence). The remaining interventions including proton pump inhibitors did not show a significant effect in preventing upper GI bleeding in ICU patients when compared with placebo or no prophylaxis. Regarding the occurrence of nosocomial pneumonia, the effects of H2 receptor antagonists (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.48; eight studies; 945 participants; low certainty of evidence) and of sucralfate (RR 1.33, 95% CI 0.86 to 2.04; four studies; 450 participants; low certainty of evidence) were consistent with benefits and harms when compared with placebo or no prophylaxis. None of the studies comparing antacids versus placebo or no prophylaxis provided data regarding nosocomial pneumonia. H2 receptor antagonists versus proton pump inhibitors H2 receptor antagonists and proton pump inhibitors are most commonly used in practice to prevent upper GI bleeding in ICU patients. Proton pump inhibitors significantly more often prevented upper GI bleeding in ICU patients compared with H2 receptor antagonists (RR 2.90, 95% CI 1.83 to 4.58; 18 studies; 1636 participants; low certainty of evidence). When taking H2 receptor antagonists, 4.8% more patients might experience upper GI bleeding (95% CI 2.1% to 9%). Nosocomial pneumonia occurred in similar proportions of participants taking H2 receptor antagonists and participants taking proton pump inhibitors (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.35; 10 studies; 1256 participants; low certainty of evidence). Authors' conclusions This review shows that antacids, sucralfate, and H2 receptor antagonists might be more effective in preventing upper GI bleeding in ICU patients compared with placebo or no prophylaxis. The effect estimates of any treatment versus no prophylaxis on nosocomial pneumonia were consistent with benefits and harms. Evidence of low certainty suggests that proton pump inhibitors might be more effective than H2 receptor antagonists. Therefore, patient‐relevant benefits and especially harms of H2 receptor antagonists compared with proton pump inhibitors need to be assessed by larger, high‐quality RCTs to confirm the results of previously conducted, smaller, and older studies. Plain language summary Interventions for preventing upper gastrointestinal bleeding in people on intensive care units Review question We reviewed the evidence about benefits and harms of interventions to prevent clinically important upper gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding in patients who were admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). Background Stress ulcers are seen as superficial damage in the mucous lining of the stomach or intestines that can occur as the result of shock, sepsis, or trauma. Depending on the severity of the damage, afflicted areas may become sore and may start to bleed to varying degrees. Upper GI bleeding due to stress ulcers is a major contributor to increased severity of illness and death among people admitted to ICUs. However, standards of care have improved, and the incidence of upper GI bleeding in ICUs has decreased. Thus, not all critically ill patients need preventive treatment. Stress ulcer prophylaxis can result in negative effects such as ventilator‐associated pneumonia (VAP). VAP is a lung infection caused by bacteria in people who are being mechanically ventilated. VAP usually manifests as fever, cough, and purulent sputum. The risk for VAP is increased in patients with severe illness, increased length of hospital stay, or use of stress ulcer prophylaxis. Hence, it is necessary to evaluate strategies that safely decrease the incidence of upper GI bleeding. Study characteristics The evidence is current to August 2017. We included 106 studies with a total of 15,027 critically ill participants of any age and any gender. Key results Relevant effects were found for the following drugs: H2 receptor antagonists, antacids, sucralfate, and proton pump inhibitors. H2 receptor antagonists inhibit gastric acid secretion by blocking histamine receptors but can cause a small number of blood platelets (thrombocytopaenia), inflammation of the kidney (interstitial nephritis), and confusion. Antacids neutralise stomach acid but may cause diarrhoea or constipation. Proton pump inhibitors inhibit the final stage of gastric acid production, and it has been found that they may be associated with increased risk of  Clostridium difficile  diarrhoea. Ulcer protective agents, such as sucralfate, create a barrier between the gastric acid and the gastric mucosa by coating it. They may, however, cause constipation and interfere with the absorption of certain antibacterial agents. In comparison with placebo or no preventive treatment, H2 receptor antagonists, antacids, and sucralfate might be effective in preventing clinically important upper GI bleeding in ICU patients. Hospital‐acquired pneumonia was most likely to occur in ICU patients taking either H2 receptor antagonists or sucralfate when compared with patients given placebo or no preventive treatment. Evidence of low certainty suggests that proton pump inhibitors were more effective than H2 receptor antagonists in preventing upper GI bleeding in ICU patients. With proton pump inhibitors, 25 of 1000 people were likely to develop upper GI bleeding, and with H2 receptor antagonists, 73 of 1000 people (95% confidence interval 46 to 115 people) were likely to develop upper GI bleeding. The effect of H2 receptor antagonists versus proton pump inhibitors with respect to the risk for developing hospital‐acquired pneumonia was consistent with benefits and harms. Quality of the evidence Our certainty in the evidence ranged from low to moderate. For effects of different interventions compared with placebo or no prophylaxis, the certainty of evidence was moderate (H2 receptor antagonists) or low (antacids and sucralfate). For effects of H2 receptor antagonists compared with placebo or no preventive treatment on risk of hospital‐acquired pneumonia, the certainty of evidence was low. For effects of H2 receptor antagonists compared with proton pump inhibitors on hospital‐acquired pneumonia, the certainty of evidence was also low.
Infliximab for medical induction of remission in Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Infliximab is a monoclonal antibody that binds and neutralises tumour necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α), which is present in high levels in the blood serum, mucosa and stool of people with Crohn's disease. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of infliximab alone or in combination with another agent for induction of remission in Crohn's disease compared to placebo or active medical therapies. Search methods On 31 August 2021 and 4 March 2023, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov and World Health Organization ICTRP. Selection criteria Randomised control trials (RCTs) comparing infliximab alone or in combination with another agent to placebo or another active comparator in adults with active Crohn's disease. Data collection and analysis Pairs of review authors independently selected studies and conducted data extraction and risk of bias assessment. We expressed outcomes as risk ratios (RR) and mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Our primary outcomes were clinical remission, clinical response and withdrawals due to adverse events. Our secondary outcomes were endoscopic remission, histological remission, endoscopic response, and serious and total adverse events. Main results The search identified 10 RCTs with 1101 participants. They were conducted between 1999 and 2019, and 7/10 RCTs included biologically naive participants. All but one RCT, which did not provide information, were multicentre and funded by pharmaceutical companies, and their authors declared conflicts. The age of the participants ranged from 26 to 65 years. Results were based on one study unless otherwise stated. Infliximab 5 mg/kg to 10 mg/kg may be more effective than placebo at week four for clinical remission (30/55 versus 3/25; RR 4.55, 95% CI 1.53 to 13.50; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 3) and response (36/55 versus 4/25; RR 4.09, 95% CI 1.63 to 10.25, NNTB 3). The evidence was low certainty. The study did not report withdrawals due to adverse events. We could not draw conclusions on the effects of infliximab 5 mg/kg to 10 mg/kg compared to placebo for fistulating participants for clinical remission (29/63 versus 4/31; RR 3.57, 95% CI 1.38 to 9.25; NNTB 4), response (48/106 versus 15/75; RR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.41; NNTB 6; 2 studies) or withdrawals due to adverse events (2/63 versus 0/31; RR 2.50, 95% CI 0.12 to 50.54). The evidence was very low certainty. Infliximab used in combination with purine analogues is probably more effective than purine analogues alone for clinical remission at weeks 24 to 26 (182/301 versus 95/302; RR 1.92, 95% CI 1.59 to 2.32, NNTB 4; 4 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence) and clinical response at week 26 (107/177 versus 66/178; RR 1.64, 95% CI 1.31 to 2.05; NNTB 5; 2 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence). There may be little or no difference in withdrawals due to adverse events at week 26 (62/302 versus 53/301; RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.21; 4 studies; low‐certainty evidence). Infliximab alone may be more effective than purine analogues alone at week 26 for clinical remission (85/177 versus 57/178; RR 1.50, 95% CI 1.15 to 1.95; NNTB 7; 2 studies) and response (94/177 versus 66/178; RR 1.44, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.82; NNTB 7; 2 studies). There may be little or no difference in withdrawals due to adverse events (30/177 versus 43/178; RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.06; 4 studies). The evidence was low certainty. We could not draw any conclusions on the effects of infliximab 5 mg/kg compared to 10 mg/kg for clinical remission (19/27 versus 11/28; RR 1.79, 95% CI 1.06 to 3.02) and response (22/27 versus 24/28; RR 1.63, 95% CI 1.08 to 2.46). The evidence was very low certainty. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not reported. We could not draw any conclusions on the effects of infliximab 5 mg/kg compared to 10 mg/kg in an exclusively fistulating population for clinical remission (17/31 versus 12/32; RR 1.46, 95% CI 0.84 to 2.53), response (21/31 versus 18/32; RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.78), or withdrawals due to adverse events (1/31 versus 1/32; RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.79). The evidence was very low certainty. We could not draw any conclusions on the effects of infliximab 5 mg/kg compared to 20 mg/kg for clinical remission (19/27 versus 11/28; RR 1.79, 95% CI 1.06 to 3.02) or response (22/27 versus 18/28; RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.76). The evidence was very low certainty. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not reported. We could not draw any conclusions on the effects of infliximab 10 mg/kg compared to 20 mg/kg for clinical remission (11/28 versus 11/28; RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.92) or response (14/28 versus 18/28; RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.49 to 1.23). The evidence was very low certainty. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not reported. There may be little or no difference between infliximab and a CT‐P13 biosimilar at week six for clinical remission (47/109 versus 49/111; RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.32), response (67/109 versus 70/111; RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.20) and withdrawals due to adverse events (21/109 versus 17/111; RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.70 to 2.25). The evidence was low certainty. Authors' conclusions Infliximab in combination with purine analogues is probably more effective than purine analogues alone in inducing clinical remission and clinical response. Infliximab alone may be more effective in inducing clinical remission and response than purine analogues alone or placebo. Infliximab may be similar in efficacy to a CT‐P13 biosimilar and there may be little or no difference in withdrawals due to adverse events. We were unable to draw meaningful conclusions as to whether infliximab alone is effective when used for exclusively fistulating populations. There was evidence that there may be little or no difference in withdrawal due to adverse events between infliximab plus purines compared with purines alone, as well as infliximab alone compared with purines alone. Meaningful conclusions cannot be drawn on all other outcomes related to adverse events due to very low certainty evidence. Plain language summary Infliximab for the treatment of active Crohn's disease Key messages – Infliximab used with purine analogues (azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine) is probably more effective than purine analogues alone at getting Crohn's into remission. It may also be better at improving symptoms. The two treatments may be similar in terms of safety. – Infliximab alone may be more effective than purine analogues alone for getting Crohn's into remission and improving symptoms. The two treatments may be similar in terms of safety. – Infliximab may be as effective as the biosimilar at getting Crohn's into remission and improving symptoms. The two treatments may be similar in terms of safety. An infliximab biosimilar is a biological medicine (contains substances that have been created by using living cells or organisms) that is highly similar to the original brand of infliximab. What is Crohn's disease? Crohn's disease is a life‐long inflammatory disease that can affect any part of the gut. Common symptoms include bloody poo, diarrhoea, stomach ache, fever, weight loss and fatigue. We do not know exactly what causes Crohn's, but it is probably a mix of genes, problems with the immune system (which defends the body against infection), bacteria in the gut and something in the environment. There is no known cure for Crohn's, but the symptoms are usually managed with medicines, such as corticosteroids and immune system medications, and sometimes surgery. Infliximab is a type of Crohn's medicine called a biological medicine. Most people with Crohn's have times when they have symptoms and other times when their symptoms are under control. When they have symptoms, it is called active disease. When their symptoms are under control, it is called remission. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out how infliximab compares to other medicines or dummy treatment (placebo) for getting Crohn's into remission or improving symptoms. We also wanted to find out how safe it is compared to other medicines. What did we do? We searched for randomised controlled trials (studies where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) comparing infliximab with any other medical treatment in adults with Crohn's disease. What did we find? We found 10 studies including 1101 participants. They looked at: – infliximab compared to placebo (one study); – infliximab plus purine analogues compared to purine analogues alone (four studies); – infliximab compared to purine analogues (medicines called azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine) (two studies); – infliximab compared to a biosimilar (one study); – different doses of infliximab compared to each other (two studies). Two studies looked at people with Crohn's disease who had fistulas. A fistula is a narrow tunnel that can develop between your gut and your skin or another organ, such as your bladder. Main results Infliximab plus purine analogues (azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine) is probably more effective than purine analogues alone at getting Crohn's into remission after 24 to 26 weeks of treatment. It may also be better at improving symptoms. The two treatments may be similar in terms of side effects. Infliximab alone may be more effective than purine analogues alone for getting Crohn's into remission and improving symptoms after 26 weeks of treatment. The two treatments may be similar in terms of side effects. Infliximab may be as effective as the biosimilar at getting Crohn's into remission and improving symptoms after six weeks of treatment. The two treatments may be similar in terms of side effects. There is not enough evidence to compare the other treatments we looked at in this review. What are the limitations of the evidence? The evidence is mostly of low and very low quality. This is because of problems with the way the trials were carried out, the small number of people who took part and problems with how the results were reported. How up‐to‐date is this review? This review is up‐to‐date to 4 March 2023.
Sertindole for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Sertindole is an atypical antipsychotic, which is thought to give a lower incidence of extrapyramidal side effects at clinically effective doses than typical antipsychotic drugs. In December 1998, Lundbeck Ltd., the manufacturers of sertindole, voluntarily suspended the availability of the drug due to concerns about cardiac arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death associated with its use. However, based on the advice of an appointed expert group, the Committee for Proprietary Medicinal Products (CPMP) lifted the suspension of sertindole in October 2001, a decision that was ratified by the European Commission on the 26th of June 2002. Lundbeck have committed to the CPMP to carry out two post‐marketing surveillance (PMS) studies (which were initiated in July 2002) to provide additional epidemiological data under conditions of normal drug usage. Initial marketing of the product will be restricted and Lundbeck is currently in discussions with the US health authorities (FDA) to investigate whether, and if so when, it would be possible to launch Serdolect in the US market. Objectives To determine the effects of sertindole compared with placebo, typical and other atypical antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia and related psychoses. Search methods Our Initial searches included electronic searches of Biological Abstracts (1980‐1999), The Cochrane Library (Issue 1, 1999), The Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (August 2000), EMBASE (1980‐1999), LILACS (1982‐1996), MEDLINE (1966‐1999), PSYNDEX (1977‐1995) and PsycLIT (1974‐1999). In addition, we searched pharmaceutical databases on the Dialog Corporation Datastar and Dialog services. We searched references of all identified studies for further trials. We contacted the manufacturer of sertindole and authors of trials. We updated the literature search by searching the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Trials Register in April 2003. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials that compared sertindole to placebo or other antipsychotic (atypical or typical) drug treatments for patients with schizophrenia or related psychosis . Data collection and analysis We independently inspected citations and, where possible abstracts; ordered papers for re‐inspection and quality assessment and independently extracted data. For homogeneous dichotomous data, we calculated the risk ratio (RR), 95% confidence interval (CI) and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat (NNT) or number needed to harm (NNH) on an intention‐to‐treat basis. For continuous data, we calculated weighted mean differences (WMD). We inspected all data for heterogeneity. Main results Currently the review includes three studies with a total of 1,104 participants. One was a medium term (eight weeks) placebo controlled study that examined three different doses of sertindole (8, 12 and 20mg/day). The remaining two studies compared the use of sertindole with haloperidol (10mg/day). One was a short term study (six weeks) that looked at four different doses of sertindole (8, 16, 20, 24mg/day) and the other was a long term study (one year) that evaluated the use of sertindole 24mg/day in participants attending outpatients. We excluded two large important studies because they did not report any usable data. (Both had greater than 50% loss to follow‐up and data on 'leaving the study early' was inadequately reported). Sertindole versus placebo: Sertindole at 20mg/day was found to be more effective than placebo in terms of BPRS total scores (1 study, n=78, MD 6.2, CI ‐11.8 to ‐0.6) and CGI total end point scores (1 study, n=78, MD ‐0.9, CI ‐1.6 to ‐0.2). A marginally statistically significantly greater number of participants that were treated with 20 mg of sertindole were reported to have been 'very much improved' as compared to those taking placebo (1 study, n=102, RR 7.6, CI 1.0 to 57.9, NNT 7.9, CI 4.3 to 41.1). There was no statistically significant difference between sertindole at 8 or 12 mg/day and placebo for these three outcome measures. There were no statistically significant differences between sertindole (8, 12 or 20 mg) and placebo for the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, extrapyramidal related events or use of medication to avoid extrapyramidal symptoms. There were no statistically significant differences found between sertindole and placebo for the movement disorders akathisia, cogwheel rigidity, hypertonia and tremor or somnolence. At eight weeks a statistically significant difference between placebo and all sertindole groups (8, 12 and 20 mg) for mean change from baseline in the QT and QTc intervals were observed (p values and SD were not reported). There was a statistically significant greater mean weight gain among participants taking sertindole (20 mg, mean weight gain of 3.3 kg) as compared to placebo (mean weight gain of 0.8 kg; p<0.05). Sertindole versus haloperidol: At one year, a greater number of participants who were treated with haloperidol as compared to sertindole (24mg/day) were leaving the study early due to any reason (1 study, n=282, RR 0.6, CI 0.4 to 1.0, NNH 8.8, CI 4.7 to 74.0) or non‐compliance (1 study, n=282, RR 0.2, CI 0.0 to 0.7, NNH 12.8, CI 7.7 to 37.8). However, at six weeks, there was no statistically significant difference between sertindole (at 8, 16, 20, or 24mg) and haloperidol for this latter outcome. The incidence of EPS was higher among those treated with haloperidol than sertindole at 8, 16, 20 or 24mg/day (8mg: 1 study, n=245, RR 0.1, CI 0.0 to 0.7, NNH 11.4, CI 7.1 to 29.8; 16mg: 1 study, n=252, RR 0.3, CI 0.1 to 1.0, NNH 15.5, CI 8.0 to 217.9; and 20mg: 1 study, n=253, RR 0.2, CI 0.1 to 0.8, NNH 13.7, CI 7.7 to 68.3; 24mg: 2 studies, n=524, RR 0.6, CI 0.4 to 0.8, NNH 8.7, CI 5.4 to 23.0). More participants treated with haloperidol experienced akathisia, tremor and hypertonia than those treated with sertindole (Akathisia ‐ 8mg: 1 study, n=245, RR 0.2, CI 0.1 to 0.5, NNH 6.0, CI 4.1 to 11.2; 16mg: 1 study, n=252, RR 0.1, CI 0.0 to 0.3, NNH 5.4, CI 3.9 9.0; 20mg: 1 study, n=253, RR 0.3, CI 0.2 to 0.7, NNH 7.3, CI 4.6 to 17.9; 24mg: 2 studies, n=524, RR 0.5, CI 0.3 to 0.7, NNH 8.6, CI 5.6 to 18.3. Tremor ‐ 8mg: 1 study, n=245, RR 0.3, CI 0.1 to 0.7, NNH 8.5, CI 5.2 to 24.0; 16mg: 1 study, n=252, RR 0.2, CI 0.1 to 0.5, NNH 7.3, 4.8 to 15.6; 20mg: 1 study, n=253, RR 0.2, CI 0.1 to 0.6, NNH 7.8, CI 4.9 to 18.1; 24mg: 2 studies, n=524, RR 0.4, CI 0.2 to 0.6, NNH 8.2, CI 5.6 to 15.3. For Hypertonic ‐ 24mg: 2 studies, n=524, RR 0.5, CI 0.3 to 0.8, NNH 12.4, CI 7.5 to 35.0; for sertindole 8, 16 and 20mg there was no statistically significant differences between the treatment groups). One study reported that at six weeks, there was a statistically significant greater increase from baseline to final value in mean QTc interval in the sertindole 16, 20 and 24mg groups (20, 26, and 24msec, respectively) than in the haloperidol group (0msec; p value was not reported), but no SD or any other measure of variance for the effect sizes were reported. For one long term study only one participant from the sertindole group (24mg) had a QT interval that exceeded 500msec (1 study, n=282, RR 3.0 CI 0.1 to 73.0), but 11participants treated with Sertindole had QTc intervals of at least 500msec, compared to none in the haloperidol treated group (1 study, n=282, RR 23.0, CI 1.4 to 386.6, NNH 12.8, CI 8.2 to 29.6). At six weeks, fewer participants treated with sertindole at 8mg or 24mg were affected by somnolence than those treated with haloperidol (sertindole 8mg: 1 study, n=245, RR 0.1, CI 0.0 to 0.7, NNH 11.4, CI 7.1 to 29.8; 24mg: 2 studies, n=524, RR 0.6, CI 0.4 to 1.0, NNH 14.8, CI 7.7 to 205.2). The incidence of rhinitis was found to be statistically significantly higher among those taking sertindole at 16 or 24mg as compared to haloperidol (16mg: 1 study, n=252, RR 10.8, CI 1.4 to 82.6, NNH 12.7, CI 7.7 to 36.7; 24mg: 2 studies, n= 524, RR 2.1, CI 1.4 to 3.1, NNH 8.7, CI 5.6 to 18.6). At one year, 33 participants treated with sertindole (24mg) had experienced the sexual adverse event of decreased ejaculatory volume, compared with six participants treated with haloperidol. However the number of included male participants was not reported and therefore the RR could not be calculated. At one year, more participants taking sertindole (24mg/day) had put on weight compared to those taking haloperidol (1 study, n=282, RR 6.3, CI 1.9 to 20.9, NNH 8.8, CI 5.7 to 19.1). At six weeks, all of the sertindole groups showed an increase in body weight from baseline to final evaluation ranging from 1.3kg to 1.9kg, all of which represented a statistically significantly different weight change than that recorded for the haloperidol treatment group (‐0.1Kg). However, the actual weight gain for each sertindole dosage group was not reported and no SD or any other measure of variance was given. Authors' conclusions Sertindole at a dose of 20mg/day was found to be more antipsychotic than placebo. When used at 8, 12 or 20mg/day it appears to be as acceptable as placebo (in terms of various adverse events including movement disorders and somnolence), but seems to be associated with more cardiac problems (8, 12 or 20mg/day) and an increase in weight gain (20mg/day) than placebo. Sertindole at a dose of 24mg/day was better tolerated than haloperidol (in terms of participants leaving the study early). It was also found to be was associated with fewer movement disorders (at 8, 16, 20 or 24mg/day) and sedation (8 or 24mg/day) than haloperidol. However, it was shown to cause more cardiac anomalies (16, 20 or 24mg/day), weight gain (all doses combined), rhinitis (16 or 24mg/day), and problems with sexual functioning (24mg/day) than haloperidol. One short term study reported that sertindole 16mg/day was the most optimal dose. Plain language summary Sertindole for schizophrenia This review includes three studies with a total of 1104 participants. We excluded two large important studies because they did not report any usable data. The three that were included suggested that sertindole (20 mg/day) was more antipsychotic than placebo, as acceptable as placebo (in terms of various adverse events including movement disorders and somnolence) and better tolerated than haloperidol. Sertindole was associated with fewer movement disorders than haloperidol, but was shown to cause more weight gain and the possible side effect of male sexual dysfunction. Cardiac problems (QTc intervals of at least 500 msec) were evident even in the randomised trials. Sertindole used at 16 mg/day (reported to be the most optimal dose by one study) caused more rhinitis than haloperidol.
Workplace interventions to reduce the risk of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection outside of healthcare settings; Abstract - Background Although many people infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) experience no or mild symptoms, some individuals can develop severe illness and may die, particularly older people and those with underlying medical problems. Providing evidence‐based interventions to prevent SARS‐CoV‐2 infection has become more urgent with the potential psychological toll imposed by the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID‐19) pandemic. Controlling exposures to occupational hazards is the fundamental method of protecting workers. When it comes to the transmission of viruses, workplaces should first consider control measures that can potentially have the most significant impact. According to the hierarchy of controls, one should first consider elimination (and substitution), then engineering controls, administrative controls, and lastly, personal protective equipment. This is the first update of a Cochrane review published 6 May 2022, with one new study added. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of interventions in non‐healthcare‐related workplaces aimed at reducing the risk of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection compared to other interventions or no intervention. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science Core Collections, Cochrane COVID‐19 Study Register, World Health Organization (WHO) COVID‐19 Global literature on coronavirus disease, ClinicalTrials.gov, the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, and medRxiv to 13 April 2023. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non‐randomised studies of interventions. We included adult workers, both those who come into close contact with clients or customers (e.g. public‐facing employees, such as cashiers or taxi drivers), and those who do not, but who could be infected by coworkers. We excluded studies involving healthcare workers. We included any intervention to prevent or reduce workers' exposure to SARS‐CoV‐2 in the workplace, defining categories of intervention according to the hierarchy of hazard controls (i.e. elimination; engineering controls; administrative controls; personal protective equipment). Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were incidence rate of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection (or other respiratory viruses), SARS‐CoV‐2‐related mortality, adverse events, and absenteeism from work. Our secondary outcomes were all‐cause mortality, quality of life, hospitalisation, and uptake, acceptability, or adherence to strategies. We used the Cochrane RoB 2 tool to assess risk of bias, and GRADE methods to evaluate the certainty of evidence for each outcome. Main results We identified 2 studies including a total of 16,014 participants. Elimination‐of‐exposure interventions We included one study examining an intervention that focused on elimination of hazards, which was an open‐label, cluster‐randomised, non‐inferiority trial, conducted in England in 2021. The study compared standard 10‐day self‐isolation after contact with an infected person to a new strategy of daily rapid antigen testing and staying at work if the test is negative (test‐based attendance). The trialists hypothesised that this would lead to a similar rate of infections, but lower COVID‐related absence. Staff (N = 11,798) working at 76 schools were assigned to standard isolation, and staff (N = 12,229) working at 86 schools were assigned to the test‐based attendance strategy. The results between test‐based attendance and standard 10‐day self‐isolation were inconclusive for the rate of symptomatic polymerase chain reaction (PCR)‐positive SARS‐CoV‐2 infection (rate ratio (RR) 1.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.74 to 2.21; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). The results between test‐based attendance and standard 10‐day self‐isolation were inconclusive for the rate of any PCR‐positive SARS‐CoV‐2 infection (RR 1.35, 95% CI 0.82 to 2.21; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). COVID‐related absenteeism rates were 3704 absence days in 566,502 days‐at‐risk (6.5 per 1000 working days) in the control group and 2932 per 539,805 days‐at‐risk (5.4 per 1000 working days) in the intervention group (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.25). We downgraded the certainty of the evidence to low due to imprecision. Uptake of the intervention was 71% in the intervention group, but not reported for the control intervention. The trial did not measure our other outcomes of SARS‐CoV‐2‐related mortality, adverse events, all‐cause mortality, quality of life, or hospitalisation. We found seven ongoing studies using elimination‐of‐hazard strategies, six RCTs and one non‐randomised trial. Administrative control interventions We found one ongoing RCT that aims to evaluate the efficacy of the Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) vaccine in preventing COVID‐19 infection and reducing disease severity. Combinations of eligible interventions We included one non‐randomised study examining a combination of elimination of hazards, administrative controls, and personal protective equipment. The study was conducted in two large retail companies in Italy in 2020. The study compared a safety operating protocol, measurement of body temperature and oxygen saturation upon entry, and a SARS‐CoV‐2 test strategy with a minimum activity protocol. Both groups received protective equipment. All employees working at the companies during the study period were included: 1987 in the intervention company and 1798 in the control company. The study did not report an outcome of interest for this systematic review. Other intervention categories We did not find any studies in this category. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain whether a test‐based attendance policy affects rates of PCR‐positive SARS‐CoV‐2 infection (any infection; symptomatic infection) compared to standard 10‐day self‐isolation amongst school and college staff. A test‐based attendance policy may result in little to no difference in absenteeism rates compared to standard 10‐day self‐isolation. The non‐randomised study included in our updated search did not report any outcome of interest for this Cochrane review. As a large part of the population is exposed in the case of a pandemic, an apparently small relative effect that would not be worthwhile from the individual perspective may still affect many people, and thus become an important absolute effect from the enterprise or societal perspective. The included RCT did not report on any of our other primary outcomes (i.e. SARS‐CoV‐2‐related mortality and adverse events). We identified no completed studies on any other interventions specified in this review; however, eight eligible studies are ongoing. More controlled studies are needed on testing and isolation strategies, and working from home, as these have important implications for work organisations. Plain language summary What are the benefits and harms of workplace interventions aimed at reducing the risk of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection outside of healthcare settings? Key messages • We did not find any high‐quality evidence about the best way to prevent SARS‐CoV‐2 infection in the workplace. We found only one study that reported results, and we are very uncertain about them. • Larger, well‐designed studies are needed to better understand the benefits and harms of different workplace interventions. Introduction to the review topic COVID‐19 is a respiratory infectious disease that has spread globally. People infected with SARS‐CoV‐2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2), the virus that causes COVID‐19, can develop critical illnesses and may be at risk of dying, particularly older people and those with underlying medical conditions. Different interventions that attempt to prevent or reduce workers' exposure to SARS‐CoV‐2 in the workplace have been implemented during the pandemic. What did we want to find out? We looked at the effects of these interventions on COVID‐19 infection rate, absenteeism, COVID‐19‐related death, and adverse events. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at interventions based on the following four categories: • elimination of exposure (e.g. self‐isolation strategies); • engineering controls (e.g. barriers to separate or distance coworkers, and workers from members of the public); • administrative controls (e.g. working from home); • personal protective equipment (e.g. use of face masks or other types of face covering). We included studies of any worker outside the healthcare setting. We placed no restrictions on language or publication period in our search. What did we find? We screened more than 13,000 reports in the initial phase and more than 10,000 in this updated review, and included two studies with a total of 16,014 participants. One study was conducted in England, UK from 18 March 2021 to 27 June 2021, and the other in Sicily and Calabria, Italy, from 1 April 2020 to 31 December 2020. The UK‐based study (Young 2021) enrolled more than 24,000 workers. In the 76 schools in the control group (standard isolation), staff who were considered COVID‐19 contacts through contact tracing were required to self‐isolate at home for 10 days. In the 86 schools in the intervention group (test‐based attendance), staff who were considered COVID‐19 contacts through contact tracing were not required to isolate, instead taking a daily rapid test (lateral flow antigen test) for seven days. If the rapid test was negative, the staff member could go to work. If the rapid test was positive, the staff member would self‐isolate. The researchers wanted to know if there was a difference in COVID‐related absence between the two methods. The Italian study (Vitale 2022) was conducted in two large retail companies. Workers from the intervention company included sales clerks, warehouse workers, and butchers or bakers (n = 1987). A similar company served as a control group (n = 1798). Workers in the intervention group had to stay at home or leave work immediately in the presence of fever or flu‐like symptoms, measure body temperature and oxygen saturation at workplace entry, and get tested after close contact with a COVID‐19 case. The control group followed the standard procedures, which involved measuring body temperature at home and cleaning the workplace after a COVID‐19 case was confirmed. Both groups wore protective equipment such as gloves or masks. However, the study did not report any results that were of interest to this review. After analysing the data from Young 2021, we are uncertain whether a strategy of test‐based attendance changes COVID‐19 infection rates (any infection; symptomatic infection) compared with routine isolation after contact with a person with COVID‐19. However, COVID‐19‐related absence may be lower or similar in the test‐based attendance group. We are uncertain about these findings, because the number of infections was very low amongst the participants. Death, adverse events, quality of life, and hospitalisation were not measured. Additionally, 71% of the test‐based attendance group followed the strategy; however, the researchers did not report on compliance for the standard isolation group. We identified a total of eight ongoing studies. Seven of these studies plan to address the effects of interventions aimed at eliminating the risk of getting infected, and one study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of a recombinant Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (rBCG) vaccine in preventing COVID‐19 infection and reducing disease severity. What are the limitations of the evidence? We have very little or little confidence in the evidence because of missing data and not enough studies to be certain about the results of our outcomes. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This Cochrane review is an update of the original review published in May 2022. For the current version of the review we searched for studies up to 13 April 2023.
Risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Risperidone is one of the 'new generation' antipsychotics. As well as its reputed tendency to cause fewer movement disorders than the older drugs such as chlorpromazine and haloperidol, it is claimed that risperidone may improve negative symptoms. Objectives To evaluate the effects of risperidone for schizophrenia in comparison to 'conventional' neuroleptic drugs. Search methods The original electronic searches of Biological Abstracts (1980‐1997), Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (1997), The Cochrane Library (1997, Issue 1), EMBASE (1980‐1997), MEDLINE (1966‐1997), PsycLIT (1974‐1997), and SCISEARCH (1997) were updated with a new electronic search of the same databases in 2002. The search term used in the update was identical to that used in 1997. Any new studies or relevant references were added to the review. In addition, references of all identified studies were searched for further trial citations. Pharmaceutical companies and authors of trials were also contacted. Selection criteria All randomised trials comparing risperidone to any 'conventional' neuroleptic treatment for people with schizophrenia or other similar serious mental illnesses. Data collection and analysis Citations and, where possible, abstracts were independently inspected by reviewers, papers ordered, re‐inspected and quality assessed. Data were also independently extracted. Where possible, sensitivity analyses on dose of risperidone, haloperidol and duration of illness were undertaken for the primary outcomes of clinical improvement, side effects (movement disorders) and acceptability of treatment. For homogeneous dichotomous data the Relative Risk (RR), 95% confidence interval (CI) and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat/harm (NNT/H) were calculated on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Main results In the short‐term, risperidone was more likely to produce an improvement in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) when compared with haloperidol (n=2368, 9 RCTs, RR not 20% improved 0.72 CI 0.59 to 0.88 NNT 8). A similar, favourable outcome for risperidone was found in long‐term studies (n=859, 2RCTs RR not 20% improved 0.51 CI 0.38 to 0.67 NNT 4;n=675 1RCT, RR not improved 40% 0.75 CI 0.66 to 0.84 NNT 5; n=675, 1 RCT, RR not 60% improved 0.90 CI 0.84 to 0.96, NNT 11). Risperidone was also more likely to reduce relapse at one year follow up, compared with haloperidol (n=367, 1 RCT, RR 0.64 CI 0.41 to 0.99, NNT 7). Less people allocated risperidone left studies before completion, both for short‐term (n=3066, 16 RCTs, RR 0.76 CI 0.63 to 0.92, NNT 6) and long‐term trials (n=1270, 4RCTs, RR 0.55 CI 0.42 to 0.73 NNT 4). For general movement disorders results favoured risperidone. People given risperidone had significantly fewer general movement disorders (including extrapyramidal side effects) than those receiving older typical antipsychotics (n=2702, 10 RCTs, RR 0.63 CI 0.56 to 0.71, NNT 3). Significantly fewer people given risperidone used antiparkinsonian drugs (n=2524, 11 RCTs, RR 0.66 CI 0.58 to 0.74, NNT 4). As regards body weight, however, four studies (n=1708) found people were more likely to gain weight if allocated risperidone compared to typical antipsychotics (RR 1.55 CI 1.25 to 1.93, NNH 3). Risperidone was no more or less likely than haloperidol to cause sexual problems such as erectile dysfunction (n=106, 2 RCTs, RR 1.55 CI 0.58 to 4.20). Finally, some results found risperidone was more likely to cause rhinitis than conventional antipsychotics (n=656, 3 RCTs, RR1.99 CI 1.24 to 3.19, NNH 3). Authors' conclusions Risperidone may be more acceptable to those with schizophrenia than older antipsychotics and have marginal benefits in terms of limited clinical improvement. Its adverse effect profile may be better than haloperidol. With the addition of more studies to this review, the publication bias evident in previous versions is no longer a significant issue. Any marginal benefits this drug may have have to be balanced against its greater cost and increased tendency to cause side effects such as weight gain. Recent important longer term data favouring risperidone's effect on relapse needs to be replicated by researchers independently of the manufacturers of the drug. Plain language summary Risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia Risperidone is one of the most widely used new generation of antipsychotic drugs. This review summarises its effects compared with the older antipsychotics. In essence, risperidone may be equally clinically effective to relatively high doses of haloperidol, for an outcome that is difficult to interpret as clinically meaningful. Risperidone causes less adverse effects than the side‐effect prone haloperidol.
Metrifonate for Alzheimer's disease; Abstract - Background Metrifonate is a long‐acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor, originally used to treat schistosomiasis. Its potential to enhance central nervous system cholinergic neurotransmission led to clinical trials for the treatment of people with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Although low incidence of serious side effects occurred during short‐term use as an antihelmintic, in studies of the treatment of AD extending over six months, 20 patients experienced respiratory paralysis and problems with neuromuscular transmission. These findings have led to a halt to trials of metrifonate for AD and Bayer, the pharmaceutical company, has withdrawn its FDA application. Objectives 1) To establish the efficacy of metrifonate for patients with Alzheimer's disease, in terms of cognition, global impression, functional activity, non cognitive symptoms, rate of institutionalization and mortality.   2) To assess the safety and tolerability of metrifonate. Search methods The Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group's Specialized Register was searched on 29 February 2008 using the term metrifonat*. The CDCIG Specialized Register contains records from all major health care databases ( The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, LILACS) as well as from many trials databases and grey literature sources. One of the authors (LS), as member of the Metrifonate Study Group, has had the opportunity to contact other metrifonate trialists to obtain data from potentially non published data of metrifonate clinical trials. Selection criteria All unconfounded, randomized double‐blind clinical controlled trials comparing metrifonate to placebo in people with AD. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted by the two reviewers, cross‐checked, and pooled when appropriate and possible. Main results Most studies assessed changes in cognitive function, global function, activities of daily living, behavioural problems, severity of disease and adverse events. Occasionally the results were not reported in sufficient detail to allow extraction of data for the meta‐analyses. The treatment regimens were varied: loading doses were used in some trials. The range of maintenance doses and studies were not pooled unless the treatment regimens were considered comparable. The lengths of treatment varied from 6 to 26 weeks and studies were not pooled unless the treatment duration was similar. The results are derived from the ITT populations. Metrifonate at various doses, fixed and loading doses, was associated with significant cognitive improvement compared to placebo, except for weekly doses where there was no difference from placebo: MMSE (metrifonate 60‐80 mg/day with initial loading at 26 weeks; metrifonate 50 mg/day fixed dose with no initial loading at 26 weeks MD 1.85, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.64, p<0.00001); ADAS‐Cog (metrifonate 60‐80 mg/day with initial loading at 26 weeks MD ‐3.24, 95% CI ‐4.40 to ‐2.08, p<0.00001) In most trials, there was improvement in clinical global impression: CIBIC‐Plus (metrifonate 30‐55 mg/day, approximately 0.65 mg/kg body weight, with initial loading at 26 weeks MD ‐0.25, 95% CI ‐0.41 to ‐0.09 p=0.002; metrifonate 50 mg/day fixed dose with no initial loading at 26 weeks MD ‐0.20, 95% CI ‐0.39 to ‐0.01, p=0.04). There were generally‐significant drug‐placebo differences in activities of daily living but this often depended on sample size and the characteristics of the instrument used: DAD (metrifonate 30‐55 mg/day, 0.65 mg/kg body weight, with initial loading at 26 weeks MD 2.72, 95% CI 0.66 to 4.77, p=0.01; metrifonate 50 mg/day fixed dose with no initial loading at 26 weeks MD 4.07, 95% CI 0.29 to 7.85, p=0.03) Also there were differences associated with metrifonate compared with placebo for different doses of metrifonate in scores on a behavioural symptom scale, caregiver burden scale, and severity of disease scale.     Adverse events occurring more often with metrifonate included abdominal pain, bloating, bradycardia, diarrhoea, leg cramps, nausea and rhinitis and were described as mostly mild and transient, but occasionally moderately severe, and infrequently severe and serious. Analysis of the number of patients suffering at least one mild, moderate, severe or serious adverse event before the end of treatment showed that there was usually no difference between placebo and metrifonate. Authors' conclusions Metrifonate given once per day appears to be related to clinical response in cognition, global improvement, and activities of daily living in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.   Tolerability is good with adverse events as expected from a cholinesterase inhibitor, but with a low incidence of neuromuscular dysfunction and respiratory failure, too low to be detected in this review. It has been withdrawn from further development. Plain language summary Metrifonate for Alzheimer's disease Metrifonate cannot be recommended for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Metrifonate is a long‐acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor. We reviewed the evidence for its efficacy in Alzheimer's disease and assessed adverse events and tolerability. At various doses it was associated with significant cognitive improvement compared to placebo, improvement in clinical global impression, and activities of daily living. Neuromuscular dysfunction with life‐threatening respiratory failure and death was reported by the pharmaceutical company and FDA, and the drug will not be further developed.
