total number of articles searched: 86.
objectives: ['to compare the diagnostic performance of the uac vs the acr in random urine samples for microalbuminuria screening among patients with dm.'].
does the albumin:creatinine ratio lack clinical utility in predicting microalbuminuria?.
determining the value of albumin to creatinine ratio in a single morning sample, compared to the 24-hour urinary albumin excretion test, for determining micro-albuminuria in diabetic patients.
screening for microalbuminuria in type 2 diabetic patients: the evaluation of a dipstick test in general practice.
detection of microalbuminuria: receiver operating characteristic curve analysis favors albumin-to-creatinine ratio over albumin concentration.
microalbuminuria in diabetes: a population study of the prevalence and an assessment of three screening tests.
urinary protein and albumin excretion corrected by creatinine and specific gravity.
practical aspects of screening for microalbuminuria in diabetic patients.
albumin to creatinine ratio: a screening test with limitations.
gender and the clinical usefulness of the albumin:creatinine ratio.
which test to detect microalbuminuria in diabetic patients?: a systematic review.
albumin-to-creatinine ratio as a diagnostic tool for type 2 diabetic nephropathy.
screening strategies in the detection of microalbuminuria in insulin‐dependent diabetic patients.
there are 4 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 4 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.26744186046511625.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
the validity of screening based on spot morning urine samples to detect subjects with microalbuminuria in the general population.
evaluation of tests for microalbuminuria screening in patients with diabetes.
assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.
comparison of albumin excretion rate obtained with different times of collection.
the receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
the validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.
utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black niddm subjects.
urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.
determining the value of albumin to creatinine ratio in a single morning sample, compared to the 24-hour urinary albumin excretion test, for determining micro-albuminuria in diabetic patients.
