total number of articles searched: 441.
objectives: ['assess the association between genetic polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy in patients with ischemic stroke or tia', 'evaluate the impact of cyp2c19 genotype on clopidogrel efficacy for ischemic stroke or tia', 'analyze outcomes such as stroke, composite vascular events, and bleeding in relation to clopidogrel treatment and genetic polymorphisms'].
contemporary antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapies for secondary stroke prevention: a narrative review of current literature and guidelines.
ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in cyp2c19 loss-of-function carriers with stroke or tia.
ticagrelor plus aspirin versus clopidogrel plus aspirin for platelet reactivity in patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack: open label, blinded endpoint, randomised controlled phase ii trial.
clopidogrel resistance in ischemic stroke patients.
p2y12 receptor inhibitors for secondary prevention of ischemic stroke.
dual antiplatelet therapies and causes in minor stroke or transient ischemic attack: a prespecified analysis in the chance-2 trial.
association between cyp2b6 polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel in minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.
role of cyp2c19 alleles in the management of recurrent ischemic stroke.
cyp2c19 loss-of-function variants associated with long-term ischemic stroke events during clopidogrel treatment in the chinese population.
impact of body mass index on efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.
genotype-guided dual antiplatelet therapy in minor stroke or transient ischemic attack with a single small subcortical infarction.
navigating antiplatelet treatment options for stroke: evidence-based and pragmatic strategies.
association with cyp2c19 polymorphisms and clopidogrel in treatment of elderly stroke patients.
correlation p2y12 genetic polymorphism as risk factor of clopidogrel resistance in indonesian stroke patients.
baseline p2y12 reactivity, kidney function, and cyp2c19 genotype determine clopidogrel responsiveness in acute stroke.
clopidogrel pharmacogenetics: metabolism and drug interactions.
ticagrelor-aspirin versus clopidogrel-aspirin among cyp2c19 loss-of-function carriers with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack in relation to renal function: a post hoc analysis of the chance-2 trial.
impact of cyp2c19 genotype on efficacy and safety of clopidogrel-based antiplatelet therapy in stroke or transient ischemic attack patients: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of non-east asian studies.
biomarkers for antiplatelet therapies in acute ischemic stroke: a clinical review.
association between cyp2c19 loss-of-function allele status and efficacy of clopidogrel for risk reduction among patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.
association of cyp2c19 loss-of-function metabolizer status with stroke risk among chinese patients treated with ticagrelor-aspirin vs clopidogrel-aspirin: a prespecified secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
platelet reactivity after clopidogrel loading in patients with acute ischemic stroke.
dual antiplatelet therapy after embolic stroke of undetermined source: a subgroup analysis of the chance-2 trial.
effects of remnant cholesterol on the efficacy of genotype-guided dual antiplatelet in cyp2c19 loss-of -function carriers with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack: a post-hoc analysis of the chance-2 trial.
efficacy of clopidogrel for stroke depends on cyp2c19 genotype and risk profile.
one-year outcomes of early therapy with ticagrelor vs clopidogrel in cyp2c19 loss-of-function carriers with stroke or tia trial.
clopidogrel responder status is uninfluenced by cyp2c19*2 in danish patients with stroke.
cytochrome cyp2c19 polymorphism and risk of adverse clinical events in clopidogrel-treated patients: a meta-analysis based on 23,035 subjects.
a clinical update on antiplatelet therapy in secondary prevention of ischemic stroke.
clopidogrel may decrease the risk of post-stroke infection after ischaemic stroke.
bleeding risk of dual antiplatelet therapy after minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.
p2y12 reaction units and clinical outcomes in acute large artery atherosclerotic stroke: a multicenter prospective study.
structure, pharmacology and roles in physiology of the p2y(12) receptor.
f2r polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy and safety in patients with minor stroke or tia.
genetic polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy for acute ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
clinical utility of cyp2c19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in patients at risk of adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events: a review of emerging evidence.
cyp2c19 polymorphisms and clopidogrel efficacy in the secondary prevention of ischemic stroke: a retrospective observational study.
molecular genomic and epigenomic characteristics related to aspirin and clopidogrel resistance.
cyp2c19 polymorphism and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in chinese stroke patients.
cyp2c19 genotype and early ischemic lesion recurrence in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.
roles of light transmission aggregometry and cyp2c19 genotype in predicting ischaemic complications during interventional therapy for intracranial aneurysms.
ischemic stroke and myocardial ischemia in clopidogrel users and the association with cyp2c19 loss-of-function homozygocity: a real-world study.
differential effect of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel by homocysteine levels on risk of recurrent stroke: a post hoc analysis of the chance-2 trial.
the association of cyp2c19 lof alleles with adverse clinical outcomes in stroke patients taking clopidogrel: an updated meta-analysis.
analysis of cyp2c19 gene polymorphism and influencing factors of pharmacological response of clopidogrel in patients with cerebral infarction in zhejiang, china.
no rebound effect after a course of clopidogrel in patients with acute tia or minor stroke.
cost-effectiveness analysis of cyp2c19 genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy for patients with acute minor ischemic stroke and high-risk transient ischemic attack in china.
clinical importance of testing for clopidogrel resistance in patients undergoing carotid artery stenting-a systematic review.
genetic variability in stroke patients: cyp2c19 polymorphisms unraveled.
the role of cyp2c19 genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy following ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack.
associations of cyp2c19 and f2r genetic polymorphisms with platelet reactivity in chinese ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel therapy.
clopidogrel use in cyp2c19 loss-of-function carriers with high bleeding risk after percutaneous coronary intervention.
variants in clopidogrel-relevant genes and early neurological deterioration in ischemic stroke patients receiving clopidogrel.
interaction among cyp2c8, gpiiia and p2y12 variants increase susceptibility to ischemic stroke in chinese population.
risk of stroke in cyp2c19 lof polymorphism carrier coronary artery disease patients undergoing clopidogrel therapy: an ethnicity-based updated meta-analysis.
efficacy of clopidogrel for prevention of stroke based on cyp2c19 allele status in the point trial.
prevalence of cyp2c19*2 carriers in saudi ischemic stroke patients and the suitability of using genotyping to guide antiplatelet therapy in a university hospital setup.
cyp2c19 polymorphisms and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in acute ischemic stroke in china.
high on-clopidogrel platelet reactivity in ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack: systematic review and meta-analysis.
mettl3-mediated methylation of cyp2c19 mrna may aggravate clopidogrel resistance in ischemic stroke patients.
efficacy of clopidogrel-aspirin therapy for stroke does not exist in cyp2c19 loss-of-function allele noncarriers with overweight/obesity.
association of cyp2c19 polymorphisms with clopidogrel reactivity and clinical outcomes in chronic ischemic stroke.
clopidogrel preventive effect based on cytochrome p450 2c19 genotype in ischaemic stroke: protocol for multicentre observational study.
efficacy and safety of ticagrelor versus aspirin and clopidogrel for stroke prevention in patients with vascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
factors associated with clopidogrel resistance and clinical outcomes in ischemic cerebrovascular disease: a retrospective study.
relationship between cyp2c19*2, *3 gene polymorphism and the recurrence in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel in china: a meta-analysis.
associations of cyp3a4, nr1i2, cyp2c19 and p2ry12 polymorphisms with clopidogrel resistance in chinese patients with ischemic stroke.
ticagrelor aspirin vs clopidogrel aspirin in cyp2c19 loss-of-function carriers with minor stroke or tia stratified by risk profile.
increased frequency of cyp2c19 loss-of-function alleles in clopidogrel-treated patients with recurrent cerebral ischemia.
variant recurrent risk among stroke patients with different cyp2c19 phenotypes and treated with clopidogrel.
aminotransferase level and the effects of dual antiplatelet in minor stroke or transient ischemic attack: a post hoc analysis of a randomized control trial.
effect of cyp2c19*2 and *3 on clinical outcome in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.
pharmacogenetics of cyp2c19 genetic polymorphism on clopidogrel response in patients with ischemic stroke from saudi arabia.
cyp2c19 metabolizer status and clopidogrel efficacy in the secondary prevention of small subcortical strokes (sps3) study.
personalized antiplatelet therapy guided by clopidogrel pharmacogenomics in acute ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack: a prospective, randomized controlled trial.
verifynow p2y(12) pru-guided modification of clopidogrel for prevention of recurrent ischemic stroke: a real-world prospective cohort study.
association of cytochrome p450 genetic variants with clopidogrel resistance and outcomes in acute ischemic stroke.
the frequency of cyp2c19 loss-of-function variants in patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack in the dutch population.
aspirin and clopidogrel resistance in indian patients with ischemic stroke and its associations with gene polymorphisms: a pilot study.
inhibitory effects of p2y12 receptor antagonist on par1- and par4-ap-induced platelet aggregation in patients with stroke or tia.
personalized antiplatelet therapy based on clopidogrel/aspirin resistance tests in acute ischemic stroke and transient ischemic attack: study protocol of a multi-center, single-blinded and randomized controlled trial.
cyp2c19 loss-of-function is associated with increased risk of ischemic stroke after transient ischemic attack in intracranial atherosclerotic disease.
use of tirofiban to prevent ischemic events in patients with cyp2c19 loss-of-function alleles during flow diversion of intracranial aneurysm: a multicenter cohort study.
impact of cyp2c19 polymorphism in prognosis of minor stroke or tia patients with declined egfr on dual antiplatelet therapy: chance substudy.
association between cyp2c19 polymorphisms and clinical outcomes in patients undergoing stent procedure for cerebral artery stenosis.
abcb1 hypomethylation is associated with decreased antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in chinese ischemic stroke patients.
the efficacy and safety of aspirin-ticagrelor vs. aspirin-clopidogrel in ischemic stroke patients with cerebral artery stenting.
cyp2c19 loss-of-function alleles predicts clinical outcomes in east asian patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting receiving clopidogrel.
investigating real-world clopidogrel pharmacogenetics in stroke using a bioresource linked to electronic medical records.
pharmacodynamic assessment of prasugrel and clopidogrel in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke: a multicenter, randomized, active-control clinical trial.
the association between abcb1 gene polymorphism and clopidogrel response variability in stroke ischemic: a cross sectional study.
thromboelastographic and gene polymorphism bimodality detection for dual antiplatelet aggregation therapy in individuals with clopidogrel-resistant symptomatic intracranial artery stenosis.
a study of microrna-223 in evaluating platelet reactivity in patients with acute ischemic stroke.
effect of ticagrelor versus clopidogrel on platelet reactivity measured by thrombelastography in patients with minor stroke or tia.
the secondary prevention of stroke according to cytochrome p450 2c19 genotype in patients with acute large-artery atherosclerosis stroke.
body weight, cyp2c19, and p2y12 receptor polymorphisms relate to clopidogrel resistance in a cohort of chinese ischemic stroke patients with aspirin intolerance.
dual therapy with clopidogrel and aspirin prevents early neurological deterioration in ischemic stroke patients carrying cyp2c19*2 reduced-function alleles.
paraoxonase-1 q192r polymorphism is not associated with clopidogrel response in chinese stroke patients.
age-dependent association of cyp2c19 polymorphisms with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in minor stroke patients with large-artery atherosclerosis.
impact of cyp2c19 polymorphisms on clinical outcomes and antiplatelet potency of clopidogrel in caucasian poststroke survivors.
effectiveness and safety of high dose clopidogrel plus aspirin in ischemic stroke patients with the single cyp2c19 loss-of-function allele: a randomized trial.
carotid artery stenting outcomes: do they correlate with antiplatelet response assays?.
[genetic and non-genetic factors of laboratory resistance to clopidogrel in patients with ischemic stroke].
antiplatelet effect of ticagrelor with aspirin in acute minor stroke and transient ischemic attack stratified by cyp2c19 metabolizer status: subgroup analysis of the prince trial.
in patients with stroke or tia and cyp2c19 loss-of-function alleles, ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel reduced 90-d stroke.
the correlation between recurrent risk and cyp2c19 gene polymorphisms in patients with ischemic stroke treated with clopidogrel for prevention.
association of clopidogrel high on-treatment reactivity with clinical outcomes and gene polymorphism in acute ischemic stroke patients: an observational study.
influence of cyp2c19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.
influence of smoking on cyp2c19 genetic variants and clopidogrel efficacy in patients with minor stroke or transient ischaemic attack.
genomewide association study of platelet reactivity and cardiovascular response in patients treated with clopidogrel: a study by the international clopidogrel pharmacogenomics consortium.
effects of triflusal and clopidogrel on the secondary prevention of stroke based on cytochrome p450 2c19 genotyping.
personalised antiplatelet therapy based on pharmacogenomics in acute ischaemic minor stroke and transient ischaemic attack: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
association between abcb1 polymorphisms and outcomes of clopidogrel treatment in patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack: secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
should cyp2c19 genotyping be recommended as a straight forward approach to optimize clopidogrel utilization in patients with ischemic stroke complicated by type 2 diabetes mellitus?.
the association between high on-treatment platelet reactivity and early recurrence of ischemic events after minor stroke or tia.
response to clopidogrel and its association with chronic kidney disease in noncardiogenic ischemic stroke patients.
association of clopidogrel resistance and abcd-gene score with long-term clinical prognosis in patients with ischemic stroke or tia.
concomitant use of proton-pump inhibitors and clopidogrel increases the risk of adverse outcomes in patients with ischemic stroke carrying reduced-function cyp2c19*2.
real-world implementation of a genotype-guided p2y(12) inhibitor de-escalation strategy in acute coronary syndrome patients.
efficacy and safety of cyp2c19 genotype in stroke or transient ischemic attack patients treated with clopidogrel monotherapy or clopidogrel plus aspirin: protocol for a systemic review and meta-analysis.
influences of an nr1i2 polymorphism on heterogeneous antiplatelet reactivity responses to clopidogrel and clinical outcomes in acute ischemic stroke patients.
influence of cytochrome p450 polymorphisms on the antiplatelet effects of prasugrel in patients with non-cardioembolic stroke previously treated with clopidogrel.
a comparison of three platelet function tests in ischemic stroke patients with antiplatelet therapy.
interaction of cyp2c19, p2y12, and gpiiia variants associates with efficacy of clopidogrel and adverse events on patients with ischemic stroke.
impact of cyp2c19 genotype status on clinical outcomes in patients with symptomatic coronary artery disease, stroke, and peripheral arterial disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
impact of glycemic control on efficacy of clopidogrel in transient ischemic attack or minor stroke patients with cyp2c19 genetic variants.
aspirin plus clopidogrel may reduce the risk of early neurologic deterioration in ischemic stroke patients carrying cyp2c19*2 reduced-function alleles.
platelet receptor gene (p2y12, p2y1) and platelet glycoprotein gene (gpiiia) polymorphisms are associated with antiplatelet drug responsiveness and clinical outcomes after acute minor ischemic stroke.
reduced clopidogrel metabolism in a multiethnic population: prevalence and rates of recurrent cerebrovascular events.
baseline platelet parameters for predicting early platelet response and clinical outcomes in patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke treated with clopidogrel.
protocol for the comparison of triflusal and clopidogrel in secondary prevention of stroke based on cytochrome p450 2c19 genotyping (masetro study): a multicenter, randomized, open-label, parallel-group trial.
high on-treatment platelet reactivity in danish hyper-acute ischaemic stroke patients.
concomitant use of proton pump inhibitors and clopidogrel is not associated with adverse outcomes after ischemic stroke in chinese population.
analysis of cyp2c19 genetic variants with ischaemic events in uk patients prescribed clopidogrel in primary care: a retrospective cohort study.
clopidogrel with aspirin in high-risk patients with acute non-disabling cerebrovascular events ii (chance-2): rationale and design of a multicentre randomised trial.
application of age, body mass index, chronic kidney disease, diabetes, and genotyping score for efficacy of clopidogrel: secondary analysis of the chance trial.
effect of cyp2c19 polymorphisms on the platelet response to clopidogrel and influence on the effect of high versus standard dose clopidogrel in carotid artery stenting.
risk factors for clopidogrel resistance in patients with ischemic cerebral infarction and the correlation with abcb1 gene rs1045642 polymorphism.
clinical and cost-effectiveness of clopidogrel resistance genotype testing after ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack: a systematic review and economic model.
dynamic changes and associated factors of clopidogrel resistance in patients after cerebral infarction.
influence of genetic polymorphisms on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes in patients with acute ischemic stroke cyp2c19 genotype on clopidogrel response.
cost effectiveness of genotype-guided antiplatelet therapy in asian ischemic stroke patients: ticagrelor as an alternative to clopidogrel in patients with cyp2c19 loss of function mutations.
ticagrelor is superior to clopidogrel in inhibiting platelet reactivity in patients with minor stroke or tia.
suboptimal response to clopidogrel: a genetic risk factor for recurrent ischaemic stroke.
impact of genetic polymorphisms related to clopidogrel or acetylsalicylic acid pharmacology on clinical outcome in chinese patients with symptomatic extracranial or intracranial stenosis.
effects of uncoupling protein 2 -866g/a polymorphism on platelet reactivity and prognosis in chinese patients with type 2 diabetes and ischemic stroke.
prevalence of ex vivo high on-treatment platelet reactivity on antiplatelet therapy after transient ischemic attack or ischemic stroke on the pfa-100(®) and verifynow(®).
anti-platelet therapy in mild cerebral infarction patients on the basis of cyp2c19 metabolizer status.
clinical events as a function of proton pump inhibitor use, clopidogrel use, and cytochrome p450 2c19 genotype in a large nationwide cohort of acute myocardial infarction: results from the french registry of acute st-elevation and non-st-elevation myocardial infarction (fast-mi) registry.
[efficacy and mechanism of loading dose clopidogrel in patients with transient ischemic attack and minor stroke].
comparison of a new p2y12 receptor specific platelet aggregation test with other laboratory methods in stroke patients on clopidogrel monotherapy.
existence of a clinically relevant interaction between clopidogrel and hmg-coa reductase inhibitors? re-evaluating the evidence.
the impact of gene polymorphism and high on-treatment platelet reactivity on clinical follow-up: outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndrome after drug-eluting stent implantation.
cyp2c19 poor metabolizer is associated with clinical outcome of clopidogrel therapy in acute myocardial infarction but not stable angina.
[association of cyp2c19 gene polymorphisms with long-term recurrent risk of ischemic stroke among ethnic han chinese from fujian].
association between high on-treatment platelet reactivity and occurrence of cerebral ischemic events in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
genetic testing for cyp450 polymorphisms to predict response to clopidogrel: current evidence and test availability. application: pharmacogenomics.
the association of abcc3 promoter methylation with clopidogrel response in chinese ischemic stroke patients.
[relevance of cyp2c19 2 regarding platelet reactivity in patients with acute coronary syndrome treated with clopidogrel].
p2y12 inhibitors: thienopyridines and direct oral inhibitors.
monotherapy with a p2y(12) inhibitor or aspirin for secondary prevention in patients with established atherosclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the gain-of-function variant allele cyp2c19*17: a double-edged sword between thrombosis and bleeding in clopidogrel-treated patients.
short-term efficacy and safety of personalized antiplatelet therapy for patients with acute ischaemic stroke or transient ischaemic attack: a randomized clinical trial.
impact of insulin receptor substrate-1 rs956115 and cyp2c19 rs4244285 genotypes on clinical outcome of patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
development of a point-of-care genetic test for effective treatment of ischaemic stroke: an early model-based cost-effectiveness analysis.
ilaprazole and clopidogrel resistance in acute stroke patients.
clopidogrel resistance in patients with stroke recurrence under single or dual antiplatelet treatment.
clopidogrel-related high residual platelet reactivity associated with estimated glomerular filtration rate in patients with acute ischemic stroke.
the influence of non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol on the efficacy of genotype-guided dual antiplatelet therapy in preventing stroke recurrence.
differential inhibition of platelet function by cilostazol in combination with clopidogrel.
clinical evidence for anti-inflammatory effects of antiplatelet therapy in patients with atherothrombotic disease.
aspirin dosing for secondary prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in patients treated with p2y12 inhibitors.
clopidogrel resistance among ischemic stroke patients and its risk factors in indonesia.
[clinical analysis of dual enhanced antiplatelet therapy after cerebrovascular intervention for reducing the risk of cerebral infarction recurrence].
implication of diabetic status on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes after drug-eluting stent implantation: results from the ptrg-des consortium.
.
there are 9 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
cyp2c19 and ces1 polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel and aspirin dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease.
the association between cyp2c19 genotype and of in-stent restenosis among patients with vertebral artery stent treatment.
vasp phosphorylation and genetic polymorphism for clopidogrel resistance in chinese patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke.
in the end, 6 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 3.
false positive rate: 0.3968253968253968.
false negative rate: 0.3333333333333333.

Included target articles are as follow:
the association between cyp2c19 genotype and of in-stent restenosis among patients with vertebral artery stent treatment.
cyp2c19 polymorphisms and antiplatelet effects of clopidogrel in acute ischemic stroke in china.
influence of cyp2c19 polymorphisms on platelet reactivity and clinical outcomes in ischemic stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.
cyp2c19 metabolizer status and clopidogrel efficacy in the secondary prevention of small subcortical strokes (sps3) study.
association between cyp2c19 loss-of-function allele status and efficacy of clopidogrel for risk reduction among patients with minor stroke or transient ischemic attack.
influence of genetic polymorphisms on clopidogrel response and clinical outcomes in patients with acute ischemic stroke cyp2c19 genotype on clopidogrel response.
vasp phosphorylation and genetic polymorphism for clopidogrel resistance in chinese patients with non-cardioembolic ischemic stroke.
cyp2c19 and ces1 polymorphisms and efficacy of clopidogrel and aspirin dual antiplatelet therapy in patients with symptomatic intracranial atherosclerotic disease.
association of cytochrome p450 genetic variants with clopidogrel resistance and outcomes in acute ischemic stroke.
reduced clopidogrel metabolism in a multiethnic population: prevalence and rates of recurrent cerebrovascular events.
variant recurrent risk among stroke patients with different cyp2c19 phenotypes and treated with clopidogrel.
cyp2c19 genotype and early ischemic lesion recurrence in stroke patients treated with clopidogrel.
