total number of articles searched: 361.
objectives: ['to compare the diagnostic performance of the uac vs the acr in random urine samples for microalbuminuria screening among patients with dm'].
kidney disease in adults with prader-willi syndrome: international cohort study and systematic literature review.
[can urine albumin/creatinine ratio replace 24 hours urinary albumin?].
adherence to chronic kidney disease screening guidelines among patients with type 2 diabetes in a us administrative claims database.
chronic kidney disease in type 2 diabetes: does an abnormal urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio need to be retested?.
epidemiological study of chronic kidney disease progression: a large-scale population-based cohort study.
screening for microalbuminuria to prevent nephropathy in patients with diabetes: a systematic review of the evidence.
the unrecognized prevalence of chronic kidney disease in diabetes.
prediction of microalbuminuria from proteinuria in chronic kidney disease due to non-diabetic lifestyle-related diseases: comparison with diabetes.
microalbuminuria as a target to improve cardiovascular and renal outcomes.
diagnostic efficacy of random albumin creatinine ratio for detection of micro and macro-albuminuria in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
early urinary biomarkers of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetes mellitus show involvement of kallikrein-kinin system.
expression profiling and clinical significance of plasma micrornas in diabetic nephropathy.
markers of early progressive renal decline in type 2 diabetes suggest different implications for etiological studies and prognostic tests development.
[albumin-to-creatinine ratio as a diagnostic tool for type 2 diabetic nephropathy].
a candidate panel of eight urinary proteins shows potential of early diagnosis and risk assessment for diabetic kidney disease in type 1 diabetes.
proteinuria is still useful for the screening and diagnosis of overt diabetic nephropathy.
prediction of microalbuminuria by analysing total urine protein-to-creatinine ratio in diabetic nephropathy patients in rural sri lanka.
screening and treatment of diabetic nephropathy by primary care physicians.
red blood cell distribution width is associated with glomerulonephritis in diabetic patients with albuminuria.
association between red blood cell distribution and renal function in patients with untreated type 2 diabetes mellitus.
the validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
5-hydroxyhexanoic acid predicts early renal functional decline in type 2 diabetes patients with microalbuminuria.
establishment of a method to detect microalbuminuria by measuring the total urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio in diabetic patients.
long-term visit-to-visit glycemic variability as predictor of micro- and macrovascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes: the rio de janeiro type 2 diabetes cohort study.
the need for early predictors of diabetic nephropathy risk: is albumin excretion rate sufficient?.
abnormal albuminuria as a predictor of mortality and renal impairment in chinese patients with niddm.
brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity as a novel modality for detecting early diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes patients.
screening for early diabetic nephropathy: which sample to detect microalbuminuria?.
evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
albumin excretion rate, albumin concentration, and albumin/creatinine ratio compared for screening diabetics for slight albuminuria.
choice of urine sample predictive of microalbuminuria in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
the receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
predictive power of sequential measures of albuminuria for progression to esrd or death in pima indians with type 2 diabetes.
comparison of different measures of urinary protein excretion for prediction of renal events.
detection of microalbuminuria. receiver operating characteristic curve analysis favors albumin-to-creatinine ratio over albumin concentration.
comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.
an aid to the early detection and management of diabetic nephropathy: assessment of a new point of care microalbuminuria system in the diabetic clinic.
longitudinal study of urinary albumin excretion in young diabetic patients--wessex diabetic nephropathy project.
the early natural history of nephropathy in type 1 diabetes: ii. early renal structural changes in type 1 diabetes.
utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black niddm subjects.
determination of urinary enzymes as a marker of early renal damage in diabetic patients.
screening for diabetic microalbuminuria in routine clinical care: which method?.
clinical value of detecting microalbuminuria as a risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertension in insulin-treated diabetic pregnancies.
microalbuminuria screening in the uk: are we meeting european standards?.
the utility of conventional dipsticks for urinary protein for screening of microalbuminuria in diabetic patients.
utility of micral test strips in screening for microalbuminuria.
multicenter evaluation of the micral-test ii test strip, an immunologic rapid test for the detection of microalbuminuria.
interest of clinitek microalbumin in screening for microalbuminuria: results of a multicentre study in 302 diabetic patients.
[screening methods for microalbuminuria in diabetes mellitus].
assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.
[cytokines in noninvasive diagnostics of diabetic nephropathy progression].
[nephropathy and microalbuminuria in type ii diabetes].
prediction of cardiovascular events, diabetic nephropathy, and mortality by albumin concentration in a spot urine sample in patients with type 2 diabetes.
correlation of dehydroepiandrosterone with diabetic nephropathy and its clinical value in early detection.
in-depth profiling of urinary n-glycome in diabetic kidney disease by ultrafast glycoprotein immobilization for glycan extraction (ultragig).
proteinuria as a predictor of total plasma homocysteine levels in type 2 diabetic nephropathy.
assessing urinary levels of il-18, ngal and albumin creatinine ratio in patients with diabetic nephropathy.
glycogen synthase kinase 3β hyperactivity in urinary exfoliated cells predicts progression of diabetic kidney disease.
evaluation of serum cystatin c and chromogranin a as markers of nephropathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
.
there are 7 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.
in the end, 6 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 1.
false positive rate: 0.1634349030470914.
false negative rate: 0.14285714285714285.

Included target articles are as follow:
assessing albuminuria in spot morning samples from diabetic patients.
the receiver operating characteristics curve in the evaluation of a random urine specimen as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
the validity of random urine specimen albumin measurement as a screening test for diabetic nephropathy.
evaluation of a rapid screening test for microalbuminuria with a spot measurement of urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
comparison of overnight, morning and 24-hour urine collections in the assessment of diabetic microalbuminuria.
utility of untimed urinary albumin measurements in assessing albuminuria in black niddm subjects.
urinary albumin to osmolality ratio predicts 24-hour urine albumin excretion in diabetes mellitus.
